"The Hazing" is one of those films that I've always wanted to see only based on the illustrated cover image here on IMDb. Yes, that's how I'm superficial! I do not care if ten million people call it bad movie, the poster looks incredible, so I guess I'll have to see it ?? Now, "The Hazing" can be described as an alternative title: Curious! The poster and title sound like a genuine horror film set on campus and dealing with sinister initiation rites, but this movie is actually a cross between comedy and suspense. First of all, there is something very wrong with the slogan in the old VHS box that I watched. Says: Has he had good grades, a good girl and good friends? Gilbert Lewis is finally accepted by an acclaimed campus through an athletic scholarship.He takes more than half of the film before even hearing about his girlfriend at home and the only "friend" he has is a very nerd Charles Martin Smith (still with hair in this film) .We are approached to become members of the prestigious "Delts" fraternity, but during their trotting exam - in which they have to go down a mountain dressed in his white, tidy underwear Barney falls from a cliff and breaks his leg When Lewis returns with the other boys of the fraternity, Barney froze to death Together they intended to keep the body frozen for five days and then claim that he never came back from a ski weekend trip. With Barney's body tucked away in the freezer of the cafeteria, Lewis has to cover it so Barney's absence does not seem suspicious. The setting of "The Haz ing "is quite unique and potentially innovative, but the pro blem here is that execution could easily have been much better. The tone is too firm and too serious for a comedy movie, even a black movie, but on the other hand, there is no proper attempt to create suspense or excitement, either. The soundtrack is lighthearted and full of light music, but that is not enough to make this movie a comedy. About an hour after the movie, the plot also lost its strength and the idea, and the producers have no better alternative to fill the void with romantic compilations of Lewis and his girlfriend city along the bike field. I did not like the final turnaround, because it's quite implausible and because it's been done several times before and after (although admitted later). "The Hazing" is not a complete waste of time, but I'm still happy to have found a rental tape at a friend's house instead of having to spend some money on the newly released DVD.
