(There are spoilers) Homicidal nymphomaniac prostitute Miya, Kari Wuhrer, takes over the life and car of 18 virgins, although he is too embarrassed to admit it, collage freshmen Trent Colbert, Kristoffer Ryan. At the end of the film, Myia not only deflates, but also gives Trent innocent and innocent a lesson in how to identify a dangerous job and keep away from him or her in order not to end up turning into one. Hanging around a truck-rest Miya is caught by Roy, Burt Young, for some hot and heavy action in the back seat of his buggy. Roy is too drunk or stupid to realize that Miya is none other than his distant daughter! Outraged at the fact that Miya is reluctant to do it with him, Roy almost strangles her to death to be interrupted by the first-year collage student, Trent Colbert, who enters the side of the resting area, past one of the truckers. Seeing her chance Miya jumps into Trent's car and the two are off in what turns out to be the strangest car chase ever put into a movie. Across the northeastern United States, the two end up involved in a truck that destroys a murder and a shootout with state troops who take Trent's parents home, with them being held hostage. That's where there's another wildfire between Miya gone crazy with a whole SWAT team reinforced by local police and state troopers. <br /> <br /> You'd expect a movie like "Hit and Run" to be intentional or not, but it's not. In fact, the film is very disturbing in how Miya treats everyone in the film as she comes in contact with her perverted and child molester father, Roy. Getting Trent to drive her across the Northeast Miya leads the poor drunkard with him into a motel room, along with handcuff whips and a lit candle. Miya also gets on well with the motel owner, old Mr. Foster, fooling him into giving him his gun as part of some weird sex game. After holding Foster, she leaves with Trent's, who is cold in her motel room, wallet for about $ 400.00 and still does not mind going away with her car. <br /> <br /> Needing the money to pay gas to get home to her parents for Thanksgiving, Trent gets a call from Miya to pick her up at a local restaurant to get her money back . As the idiot he is Trent picks up Miya, who is now a fugitive from the law, and later engages with his father Roy on the open road while he tries to flee from both Trent & Miya off the road. <br /> <br /> The chase ends up in this abandoned dressing house that Roy chases after Miya, running through him on a muddy road in high heels, inside with him understanding it in the place where you know where with an explosion of his own shotgun. Roy was so busy trying to take off his pants that he forgot he'd left his gun unattended. With both an assault and a murder, as well as a hit and run attack on them both thugs stop at a S & M / Tattoo boutique where Trent gets his ear and nose piercing and is dressed leather and chains, by Myri, along with a dog collar of his and hers. That's to find your conservative and conservative parents at Thanksgiving dinner. Having a gunfight with the state troops, with one of them being seriously injured, the two fugitives of the law end up in the parents of Trent, Mrs. and Mrs. Colbet, David Keith and Elaine Martyn, at home. the entire local police force, with a SWAT team, waiting for them there. <br /> <br /> Hateful movie with a really disturbing finale that made you wonder what exactly the movie was trying, if at all, to tell the audience. You felt a lot of sympathy for Miya at first, but how the movie rolled to its end that evaporated as fast as a tray of ice cubes in Death Valley. Even though Roy was the most unpleasant person in the movie at the outset, by the time the movie ended, Miya completely eclipsed it.
