The soloist has all the ingredients to impress the Academy. Its director, Joe Wright, was the author of a better candidate. The lead actor, Robert Downey Jr., starred in a widely praised superhero movie. Finally, the movie itself is a drama. When it was mysteriously withdrawn from the release at the end of 2008, spectators and critics were perplexed. Now that I've seen it, I guarantee that Universal has not only delayed this movie to promote the Iron Man-Oscar buzz. The soloist is a weak drama with no external conflict that is far inferior to any of the best candidates of 2009. Downey and his colleague Jamie Fox should not be blamed for this accident. Joe Wright is largely to blame, but neither can he save a life story. Many movies are too complex and alienate viewers. This is unusually simple. It's a movie about a newspaper reporter, Steve Lopez (Downey), who befriends a homeless musician, Nathaniel Ayers (Jamie Fox). That's it. Ayers is schizophrenic and does not resonate with Lopez's traditional approach to friendship. The two become friends. They start this movie as known and are BFFs until the end. The tension consists in moments like this: will Ayers let Lopez take him to the shelter of the homeless? This material would have been more appropriate as a production made for TV, rather than a feature film. <br /> <br /> Wright includes many cheap humor scenes to obscure the lack of content. Lopez faces backyard raccoons not what I consider a sub-plot. Do you remember when it happened in Atonement or Pride and Prejudice? These films were structured enough to allow for an occasional joke, but nothing so prolonged. Ayers' back story is revealed when it does not have to be. Worst of all, these scenes are not connected and appear at random intervals. It's a way of admitting that the main story has little appeal. Nathaniel was a violin prodigy with a hard education (I was too). This is a fabricated attempt to create sympathy with Ayers when most of us already have it. He's a homeless schizophrenic to shout out loud! The film conveys the love of humanity for music, such as Amadeus and Beethoven Lives Upstairs. It's not as effective as any of these photos, though. The whole movie is based on Ayers schizophrenia. Ultimately, it's how he interacts with everyone else. His being a musician is a nice touch, but hardly worth being included. The film does not incorporate this feature completely in its person. Take music from Amadeus or Beethoven Lives Upstairs, and no movie remains. The soloist is more about friendship in general than music. Nathaniel could be a writer or film critic and few lines of dialogue would need to be seriously altered. <br /> <br /> This is just the third movie of Joe Wright, and his first is not a romance with Keira Knightley. Let's hope this movie is not an indication of how limited your skills are. There are stylistic nods for his earlier works, but The Soloist is much weaker than any of them. In its defense, Universal should not have agreed to broadly disclose this picture. This film seems adapted for Imagine Entertainment (distributors of Changeling). I would not be so disappointed with that if I had a limited release. Their poor box office performance may inhibit better dramas from being distributed nationally.
