Prom Night is filmed with the artistic glance that someone else makes while creating an original Lifetime movie. You know the one. In October of this year, Lifetime pauses the brave tale of a surviving woman (insert the name of the disease here) to tell the rather scary story of a woman pursued by a persecuting ex-boyfriend. Is it dramatic ?? Is it sappy ?? is immensely bland. It does nothing to promote a genre, tell an original story or fight for ANY kind of novelty. Prom Night shares this situation. Watching the killer poke at his victims, we sit in silence as they fall to the ground without a drop of blood spilled. It occurred to me that this was the cleanest killer in movie history. <br /> <br /> Our director is working with a pretty killer so he is forced to pour over the camera angles to make it seem more frightening. Think of Matthew McConaughey coming to you with a knife. Would you probably go? "Oh good looking face will kill me? Naaaa." It's not scary for even a second, so the director plays Schaech in the shadows and over his shoulder in the mirror. This mirror image is repeated to the point of illness, as it practically becomes a fetish of the creator. You'll have 15 fright jumps in this movie, 2 of which made my date jump (I could mention she's afraid of EVERYTHING). I also mentioned that she decided to take a nap in the middle of the movie and at one point threatened to leave me. <br /> <br /> As if this film were not disconnected enough, it seems to be cut to pieces. I'm not saying it looks like the key points were left on the cutting room floor while the staff struggled to salvage some semblance of a horror movie; I'm saying that the movie moves from scene to scene, you often have a tremendous jump. This is the kind of thing you would expect when a movie catches fire and a projectionist is forced to join the tips, cross your fingers and wait for the best. The editor should be filmed. <br /> <br /> With a plot you can include two sentences, a lost blood spray, an emo killer and the tension of a very special episode of "Silver Spoons", we're left with no reason to support the horror this weekend? at least on the big screen. In fact, this is the kind of film that should be punished. Is it really so difficult to make a horror movie? Did that crew know they were making a horror movie? !! A complete waste of my time and yours. I bit the bullet to give you this review. Do not let my sacrifice be in vain. DO NOT ENTER THE MOVIE !!!
