When you put this DVD in your player and click play, you experience a brief moment of silence and see a black screen while the laser is guided to the correct starting point in the center of the disc. CHECK THIS TIME. Make sure you have some Tylenol or something (preferably PM so you can sleep) because you're going to have a huge headache when this movie starts. Starring a lot of big breasted girls and With an opening that really made me laugh a little, I thought I'd be in a good time. Of course, the opening sequence was a bit awkward WEE and most of the jokes dropped flat and it looked like this was going to be a Scream ripoff (by the way, my only laugh was from Julie Strain's final comment on this scene). But then I knew there were problems ... the opening sequence had terrible rock music. During this terrible rock song, I looked at the chapter titles on DVD and saw things that said "TOPLESS IN THE BACKYARD!" and "better than sex!" I knew the point of sale of this movie. <br /> <br /> And that's the sad truth: the ONLY good thing about this movie is the compelling cast. Other than that, it's a sad routine film that launches an "innovative" concept about murder clubs, which turns out to be fake anyway. So the whole movie then points in the other direction to try to be confusing and this huge mystery, but all this turns out to be not interesting and leaves you feeling like you do not care about any of the characters. I mean, when the main character in the movie is revealed to have murdered an innocent woman, can you really feel some sympathy for her when she's afraid for her life? The influence of the Scream is prevalent, with a phantom-faced killer and some really terrible jokes. We're also treated to scenes from the main character talking to his mother and father (Lloyd Kaufman, the only other cool part of the movie!) About an abortion or something. Uh Yeah ... This is not a "like that" movie, it's just BAD. Someone compared this to a Troma movie, but ... you know, almost every movie that comes from the Full Moon (or its unfolding, as this movie proves) is awful. It's NOT horrible in one sense. Troma - I've seen a lot of Troma movies, and I can honestly say they all offer something, anything you can walk away and tell your friends later. However, this movie has practically nothing pleasant. Caution
