A murderer, wearing a white plastic mask and a black coat, is killing friends of Hollywood producer Shawn Banning (Danny Wolske), who inherited his position when someone cut his former employer from one crotch to another. Perhaps the psychopath is newly hired Maddy (Dabbie Rochon), an attractive black-haired woman with a troubled family background, tormented by nightmares. Shawn and his friends play a joke about Maddy, about an alleged murder club they started where each member randomly chose a victim to kill. When Maddy accidentally kills a woman in a garage because of a tooth placed in her car by that person, she discovers that Shawn's friends were pulling her chain. But Shawn and his comrades are worried about Maddy's admission to committing the murder and thinking of turning her into proper authorities. Determined to wait for a final decision, each member falls victim to the psychopath masked with Maddy, a suspect, considering the fact that she has killed before. Or is there another person behind these murders? Low-budget slasher, executive produced by Charles Band, with bloody crimes that can not convince. Many breasts on display and the goofy character of Allen Nabors, Chris, can entertain those with low expectations. Murders include a stomach being opened with showing intestines, a severed neck, an electric cord thrown into a pool, frying a female victim who has had all day to escape, an ax buried in the back of a male victim, and above all, a couple is strangled by a rope during their sexual climax (.. for additional effect, the killer uses the wrench of a box wrench as an extra lever to twist the rope as tightly as possible to the neck). There are enough holes to drive a truck, like why Maddy has nightmares of murders she did not commit, how could she kill someone so violently (with blood all over her body) eventually waking up in her bed without leaving something at the scene of the crime that could entail her easily, and how Shawn could go for so long, allowing her to continue working in the company despite what she said about the murder she committed, and a continuing desire to join the alleged club that does not. What bothered me most was the film's desire to have somehow sympathized with this female protagonist who wanted to join a club after killing someone, later proclaiming it to be an accident. The film builds Maddy as the potential psychopath because of her past. Her family disowned her for an abortion. She has black-outs and always appropriately ends up in crime scenes after the fact. In many slashers, the one who seems to be the most likely killer is often the red herring, but this movie goes out of its way to point the finger at Maddy. When the turnaround occurs, we're rooting for Maddy, but we know she's not right in the head. It's a hard sell to take care of this girl. She looks great on a man's army shirt, though. And Rochon is not afraid to let the puppies breathe too. Low-budget fans are going to enjoy watching the cultured favorite Brinke Stevens as a religious fanatic mother who preaches against what Maddy did, calling her a killer, since Troma's beloved producer Lloyd Kaufman is the indifferent parent who can not speak. wise to protect the daughter he really cares about. Cult singer Julie Strain makes a small appearance, showing her tits (of course), when the opening murdered the male girlfriend with her head crushed by a hammer. Oh, and check out the office that Shawn works for, you will see many posters and artwork of Full Moon scattered across the walls.
