One of the most common entries in the 'goofs' category is anachronism. Although I am beginning to believe that anachronism and other bullshit are more acceptable, even ignored, in very good movies, but are found front and center in rotten movies. KISS THEM FOR ME is a rotten movie and it smells of anachronism, but by watching it closely, I found almost nothing specifically anachronistic. <br /> <br /> The shots of the aircraft that support the film are certainly out of place. The big 4 transport engine seen after the title "Honolulu 1944" seems to be the post-war C-97 Stratofreighter (in MATS colors). The fighter jets seen taking off from the carrier at the end are Douglas Skyraiders, who entered service after World War II and became famous for their service in Vietnam. <br /> <br /> But with the exception of these two films and, of course, the hairstyles, everything else is quite possibly authentic. It just "seems" so wrong. I am an admirer of Stanley Donen, we share the same birthday. In his co-directed ON THE TOWN (1949) there is a car chase in the end with the 1949/50 police driving from Ford yet there is not the slightest sense that this is out of place in a WWII film. In fact, as I later reflected, there is nothing to say that this is a WWII movie. It just seems so. Based on a Broadway musical that was based on a ballet (Fancy Free) that may have been based on the work of artist Paul Cadmus (The Fleet's In! 1934) is a great movie about sailors in a 24 hour pass in New York and , so heavy with war associations, is simply assumed to take place during the war and yet these contemporary cars do nothing to break the spell. <br /> <br /> The first problem is old Cary Grant. Although too old to represent a Navy SBD dive pilot, it is a Hollywood tradition for stars like Grant, Gary Cooper (Lou Gehrig) and Jimmy Stewart (Charles Lindbergh) to play young people. It was the role in which he is frowned upon, not at his age. He interprets an operator as they used to call them. A guy who does things and breaks all the rules while doing this is still admired and loved for it. A prostitute. A wheel dealer. A rigueur character in a service comedy. Grant is the comic center of what, after all, would be a service comedy that is against his comedy style. <br /> <br /> Remembering Grant's great comedic spectacles such as BRINGING UP BABY (1938) or ARSENIC AND OLD LACE (1944) and he is the great reactor whose comedy must be reduced, from its context, to dignity to a confused puddle of inert jelly. In KISS them, it is expected that it is the comical candle that is not it. People had already been exposed to the type, most recently to the comic Phil Silvers as a sergeant. Bilko on the television. The role would be further perfected by James Garner, but here Grant is not funny and seems to be a tyrant making his way by aggressively pressing his Cary Grantness instead of persuading and finessing. <br /> <br /> But what really stinks with anachronism is the lead women. There can be no more 50-year-old women than Suzy Parker and Jayne Mansfield. They are unique in the decade. Marilyn Monroe can be put on a continuum with Carole Lombard and Marie Wilson and any number of blonde dunks, and Grace Kelly was another high-class lady (think of Mary Astor), but there could never have been an anatomically exaggerated woman in such films as Mansfield . . Of course there were 'sweater girls' (for example, Lana Turner) from World War II, but Mansfield was stretching the subject. Suzy Parker was the model that revolutionized the modeling business, which changed the mannequin as poses to become the first natural girl to move and whose personality was captured by the camera (see FUNNY FACE (1957) also by Stanley Donen). <br /> <br /> Of course in the 1950s, there seems to be a lot of genre mixing at "wild" parties, but never a pinch of sex (think of the 1950s TV programs "Bachelor Father" or " Bob Cummings Show "). returned from 'dates' alone). The original book, which I did not read, was published during the war and appeared as a play on Broadway at the end of the war, and the nuances of the situation must have been unavoidable for contemporary readers and audiences, but they collapsed. and reconstituted a dozen years later and fatally miscado, remains a forgotten spot in exemplary careers until the invention of the videocassette and of the cable television resurrected this petrified turkey. <br /> <br /> So the lesson here is whatever it is. This will be ignored in a big movie like CITIZEN KANE (who actually hears Charles Foster Kane say "Rosebud"?), And tolerated in fun as WESTWORLD (why the robots received live ammo in the first place?), But absolutely despised in a rotten movie, even if the bullshit is really nonexistent.
