In Mel Brooks' questionable comedy, "Wholly Moses!" tries to take the biblical story of Moses and make fun of it, resulting in the most unusual biblical parody ever filmed. <br /> <br /> There is no real plot here, just excuses to show a comedic comedy talent in subscribed roles. Dudley Moore and Laraine Newman are on a bus tour of the Holy Land when they find an ancient parchment in a cave. There they read the story of Herschel and Zerelda, also played by Moore and Newman. Herschel's life is similar to that of Moses. He was sent downstream to be found by the family of Pharaoh at the same time as Moses was. Herschel's biological father, the late James Coco, becomes Herschel's slave after Herschel is rescued by idol-makers and works as a sculptor. Eventually Herschel comes to work for Pharaoh as an astronomer, is banished and ends up tending to Moses' flock of sheep. Herschel and Moses are brother-in-law, marrying sisters, and Herschel thinks that God chose him to free his people in Egypt. Of course Moses was receiving the Divine Word, but Herschel misunderstood. I'm going to take a break here to laugh hysterically ... pause ... anyway, the rest of the movie is a series of poorly written scenes involving Moore and actors who are making "special appearances". These scenes do not push the plot forward, they bring the little story out there that stops abruptly. <br /> <br /> Jack Gilford plays a tailor. Dom DeLuise has maybe three lines when he meets Herschel in the desert. John Houseman is an archangel, just giving the same line readings he gave in "The Paper Chase". David L. Lander is a false blind man "cured" by Herschel. Andrea Martin is one of the sisters of Zerelda. I was not sure who Madeline Kahn should be, she gives a ride to Herschel and has about a minute and a half of time on the screen. John Ritter plays a very dull demon. Richard Pryor has a scene like Pharaoh, but it was obviously filmed at a different time from Moore's scene because the two did not appear together onscreen! In the end, Zerelda turns into a pillar of salt after looking at the destruction of Nova Sodoma, ha ha. Herschel writes the Ten Commandments and hands them over to Moses, who is warming himself in all glory. In the final scenes, the writer decides to try to save this shallow film making Herschel launch an argument against God. God appears as an all-powerful bully who was guiding Herschel by his own amusement, speaking through him only to give him the Ten Commandments. We even have Zerelda joking: "God works in mysterious ways," thereby excusing all the anti-Christian behavior of everyone during the film. <br /> <br /> This movie is not funny. There is not a laugh to be found anywhere. At least Monty Python scoffed at many religious themes set out in "Life of Brian," in addition to his questionable interpretation about the life of Jesus, but here humor consists of jokes and characters constantly pounding their heads. This makes Mel Brooks look like Merchant / Ivory. Churchgoers will be offended, not because of the film's attitude toward religion, but because of the presumption the film exhibits, impressed by its own strangeness (I know, not a word) about a subject that they obviously do not know about. "Totally Moses!" is totally bad and an embarrassment for everyone involved. I suggest you read the book instead. <br /> <br /> This is assessed (PG) for some physical violence, profanity, sexual references and adult situations.
