What a full piece of rubbish. Nevertheless, when the action of a movie revolves around airplanes, you think the writers / producers / directors (or ANYONE!) Would do a little homework with at least SOME details. The mistakes were so blatant that I was fuming until the end of the movie. Here are just a few examples: I'm glad I missed the SR-71 sequence - certain to have been worse than the F-117 "Air Force One" show. Commercial airlines usually have their logos painted on the aircraft instead of BOEING 747 ?? probably the (cheap) use of some Boeing publicity / advertising images by the director. Exposed wiring connected by wire nuts is mediocre at best for home wiring, much less wiring avionics than multi-million dollar aircraft. Aircraft like the 747 rely only on pressure, instead of the oxygen supply of the ship to keep the air breathable, and if they depended on a supply on board, the canister would be much larger than the size of the wrist. Medical tape is not a suitable replacement for a threaded hose connection. Those were F-16s, not F-15s. Mach 1+ (sound velocity) would be difficult to reach on a static takeoff motor (note the speed indicator in the air). "Standard training" is to simply keep training within a nautical mile, the formation "route" is what they were flying - not the most useful training for an intercept. "Acquiring the missile block" is unlikely to catch the attention of an airline pilot - they do not have radar detection or countermeasures. "Waiting for my signal" is not an inter-flight communication to prepare to fire anything. The depressurising of a door opening in flight is no reason for an immediate and steep left bank. Yelling at a headset does not make it transmit. Magnetic headers are given as "titles" rather than "bearings," and the headers are between 001 and 360 degrees (the compasses in the air are like compasses on the ground!), Turning to the left (not "port"?) of a "rolling" from 618 to 502 is simply stupid. In most cases it is impossible to just "turn the yoke to the left until the right course is reached"? this kind of thing will result in 360-degree rolls until the fork is centered again. The probability of a flight attendant finding and engaging successfully on autopilot is only slightly greater than the likelihood that she will land the jet safely. The planes do not stop immediately by pulling the throttle back, and the 747s have more of a small lever to control the multi-thrust thrust. Flaps are reduced in increments usually just before and immediately after landing gear extension, not seconds before landing (good way to catch). Wheel brakes are required to stop an airplane by simply pulling the throttle (s) (this time a different lever in the film) to idle will only allow you to exit the end of the runway at a slower speed. Did I mention that those fighter jets were F-16 and NOT F-15? I think I did? And this is what I remember recently watching this horrible movie.
