French director Jean Rollin is not exactly known for great movies, and this messy mess is one reason. One of the most confusing things about this production is the title. For a director who is well known for directing erotic movies about lesbian vampires; you'd expect a movie with the word "nude" in the title to be a particularly nude movie; but in truth, there is not much nudity here. Instead of erotic lesbian vampires without clothes; we have a complicated plot about a man who wants to unlock the secret of immortality, a young woman whose affliction may have the key and a suicidal cult who can not do much. The film begins promisingly with a sequel that shows a young woman carried by a mysterious group of people in masks under the watchful eye of a young Frenchman who is also the son of an important man. Through his investigation, he soon discovers that this woman is not just a normal lady, and how he delves into worship; he discovers that he can not be killed by bullets, drinks blood and can not go out in daylight ... sounds like a clear case of vampirism to me. <br /> <br /> Jean Rollin maintains the fantasy atmosphere throughout the film, but it is not interesting because the plot is so poorly executed. It is possible to keep track of what is happening, but only because there are so many other films that follow plots similar to this. The director seems to know that he has spoiled the plot as well, since the climax is basically an excuse to explain the film to the public. There is a twist thrown at the end too; but the film would have been better without it. I think this was Jean Rollin's attempt to be a bit original, but it seems like a frustrated attempt, rather than a logical continuation of the story. Cinematography is quite elegant, with lots of plot taking place in appropriately gothic venues. The girls on board complete what a beautiful image is, and what's missing in Rollin's film of logic and consistency, somehow pays off in style. In defense of the film, was made in 1969; which explains a bit the lack of shocks, but I can not recommend this movie, since it does not have much to do with it.
