This review may contain some SPOILERS. <br /> <br /> Just when you thought they did not make them so bad, came Rae Dawn Chong as a space warrior and Willie Nelson as a Native American wizard! It's even worse when you consider that these two are the BEST aspects of 'Starlight', a film that should only be seen for laughs. Chong is an alien sent to Earth to look for the only remaining mongrel, part man and alien part. Apparently, Earth is in trouble. Something is wrong with the genetics of humanity, and in a few decades, the world will be transformed into a wasteland polluted. Only by duplicating the mongrel's DNA, the gentle alien race can save the planet. Do not ask me how that is, since the film gives the impression that the world will be destroyed by pollution, caused by humans. You would think that the Earth could only be saved by getting rid of the polluting creatures, not by saving them! Anyway, the half-blood turns out to be Billy Wirth, a man who lives in a small southwestern town and is a Native American part of his mother's line, though his mother is a Caucasian redhead and his grandfather is Willie Nelson. Was not this the kind of shackle that made Carmen Electra's bomb, "The Chosen One", a bug? Chong arrives on his ship the moment Wirth nearly drowns after driving his motorcycle on a lake in a reckless attack being the result of ending up with his girlfriend. Before you can say the word "bullshit," Chong is revealing his secret to Wirth, who is not surprised for a moment, and spreading the word to Wirth's family. Chong also makes friends with Wirth's mother, who seems to have lost some of her marbles over the years. Well, that's because Wirth's father was an alien who abandoned her. Of course, he is the standard alien who conveniently chose this time to come to Earth for Wirth, so he can use Wirth's DNA to make Earth people his slaves. (Huh?) His laughable attempts to use his telepathic powers and capture Wirth consume most of the time on screen and are the worst scenes in the movie. Not only are they annoying but they are the scenes where you will be smearing the flubs over. Ideas may be good on paper, but they are treated here with utmost stupidity, particularly in the above-mentioned scenes with the rogue alien. But the effects are the downfall of the movie. The opening scene involves Chong in his spaceship, communicating with his superior, someone we do not see, but Chong communicates through a tub that emits pink light. They do not use spoken words, but telepathy, so we are treated with subtitles. The problem is that both the captions of Chong and his superior are similar, and the director gives no indication as to which of the two is actually "talking" at any moment, which makes the whole conversation nothing more than gibberish. The spacecraft is the worst effect coming out of Hollywood this side of an Ed Wood movie. Now I'm usually lenient about effects when dealing with a low-budget movie like this, but those effects really affected me. The most offensive was the simplest: a false night sky. The stars in the sky are so fake that they almost sound out of a dial tone. Most notably are the times when Chong tells someone that she comes from Pleiades, and we have a picture of the seven stars. The thing is that the seven stars occupy about half of the night sky in the movie, but any star observer knows that the Pleiades are a cluster of stars between the constellations of Perseus and Taurus, and the cluster does not occupy much space in the sky. These effects get so bad that your jaw gets lower and lower with each passing moment. Be careful as it will go straight through the floor during the finale, when the effects will have Willie Nelson turning into a human spotlight. . . Oh, it has to be seen to be believed! <br /> <br /> Starlight, brilliant star; Last star I see tonight; I wish I could, I wish I could; You do not need to watch this junk anymore. <br /> <br /> Result of Zantara: 1 in 10.
