Please Note: I see in the various posts that there was an original silent version and also a sound version of this same movie. I saw the sound version and it was aesthetically yicky. Whereas some indicate that the original version was LONGER and without dubbing, my criticism should be read with that in mind. <br /> <br /> Although I know that Rene Clair has a lovable reputation as a filmmaker and Louise Brooks a bit of cult too, this is in many ways a technically poorly made movie. Although Hollywood had already switched to sound mode around 1929, from the early to mid-1930s, many famous French films were essentially silent films - with some dialogues and sound effects barely displayed in the film. Lips movements in many, and particularly in this film, do not even come close to matching what is being said and that would explain why an American like Mrs. Brooks could make a French movie. This is sloppy and I would have preferred that they had just made a silent film - and as a silent film, this would be a medium movie - with excellent camera work (sometimes) and some decent acting in the style of silence. The problem I also encountered with the film was the overly simplistic plot. For a silent morality game circa 1920, it would have been nice, but in 1930 the plot was a bit old (that means "old" - not "slutty"). A lady wins a beauty pageant and her male fiancé can not handle it. She gives up everything, temporarily, but is drawn back to the chic life and that means the end of it! A little melodramatic, huh? And also a bit simplistic and underdeveloped. <br /> <br /> Finally, the character of the groom's friend (?) I found it very disturbing and unreal. He looked like Harold Lloyd and spent much of the film being abused and chosen by his friend and everyone else. As he just took him through the film and no resolution came up, his character seemed superfluous and the treatment he received was stingy. Should audiences laugh when he was abused? This seems to me to be what is implied and I do not like it at all. <br /> <br /> There are much better French films of the time (Le Million, La Femme du Boulanger, Fanny, Regain and others). ) as well as better silent movies. I just can not understand the high rating of this movie.
