I realize that bringing a novel to the big screen is always problematic. That's the only positive thing I can say about this truly awful adaptation. <br /> <br /> Did you read 'Wise Blood?' It's an incredible book. Flannery O'Connor wrote about the south like no one else did. She was a Southerner, a devout Catholic, and an extraordinarily talented writer. In her first novel, she put together a dark and deeply disturbing tale of faith, doubt, and redemption with a macabre sense of humor and surprising impartiality. The characters in the book may seem outrageous to those who did not live in the rural south, but I can guarantee that these people exist. They not only exist, they are human beings with families, feelings and worries like any other person. Flannery's intentions were so often misunderstood-she was not satirizing these zealots of the backcountry-she saw in them the beautiful operation of what she would call "grace" -even in the most violent, harrowing, and maddening circumstances. To read 'Wise Blood' should be washed away with a sense of dread and impending doom. Finally, it is to think hard about our judgments and prejudices - our whole view of the world. <br /> <br /> None of this is apparent in John Huston's adaptation, "Gilligan's Island." None. It's a fake. A bad farce. The whole movie is saturated with an arrogance that turns the stomach. The acting is weak, the accents of the south are false and insulting. The filmmakers show no insight into the thinking of religious Southerners. O'Connor's intense prose is reduced to jokes and cheap amateur theater. The soundtrack is a mixture of hay-foolishness and "Clockwork Orange" style clock electronics that does not fit the story or even the MOVIE. I received free admission for this movie and almost quit. Really, truly terrible. As an aside, I do not agree with O'Connor's religious visions, and while I was raised in the deep south, years ago I made my way north and did not look back. But the south is a beautiful place, full of fascinating people (like any other place on Earth), and the mockery of the cartoons with which the southerners and their attitudes are treated in this movie borders the offensive. If you like being offended (which I am not) then this movie is the most definite. <br /> <br /> I do not like to talk nonsense about the work of an artist - John Huston was a man I did not know, and I'm sure he was a sincere and talented filmmaker, to whom his respected place in the history of cinema. My opinions are clearly distorted because I read (and loved) the work of Flannery O'Connor. So I do not claim to be coming from any other perspective. Maybe as an independent movie works for moviegoers. But for Flannery O'Connor's fans - and, I might add, southerners and open-minded people of all kinds - this movie is a waste of time.
