The film is steeped in religion, so it is impossible to separate it from religion by commenting on it. In my opinion, this film seeks to explore deep issues, but thrives on stereotypes and prejudices; with little true vision. What the people in the movie (and therefore the writer) could not see was grace. They failed to understand that God is the author of beauty and He is the Creator of the passion and sexual gratification in the proper context of the marriage bonds. To imply that the people of the society on which history is based believe that nudity is sinful, and both the man and the woman who enjoy the act of marriage are dirty, it is only an oversimplification. Such stereotypes do not really exist, for even the sacred Jewish writings speak clearly of the husband who takes care of him and who will seek the pleasure of his wife before his own. Scripture says that a man should love his wife as his own flesh, and that no man has ever hated his own flesh, but nourishes and nourishes it. Even if you want to ignore the New Testament, the writers and characters completely ignore that there are passages like Solomon's Song in the Old Testament, and even the book of Proverbs, which says, "Rejoice in the wife of your youth, leave your breasts always satisfy you "! How can this be read in any other way that God knows, approves and smiles, the conjugal union and the joy of it? Real men do not ignore the value and needs of their wives. Those who deny a very basic teaching of the Judeo-Christian religion. God NEVER said those things. It is absurd Sonia rebelled because of misapplication of the teachings of the true God of Abraham. It did not have to be this way. That sad. What Sonia desperately needed was TRUTH, not tradition. In knowing, loving and obeying God, we love others more; before ourselves. This is the faith of the God of Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and Joseph; once and for all delivered to the saints; bought and paid for by Jesus Christ the righteous. But all right, ignore all this and abandon the old Sacred Scripture and turn to the wisdom of the homeless and the ghosts. This is a good plan. I would never recommend this movie; in part because sexual content is unnecessarily explicit, but also because it does not really offer any valuable insight. Check out "Yentl" if you want to see a much more useful treatment of Jewish tradition at odds with society.
