In what would be his first screenplay, based on his own short story "Turn About", William Faulkner presents a bizarre story of loyalty, sacrifice, and really strange relationships. The story originally was just about the characters Tone, Young and Cooper, but MGM needed to put Joan Crawford in another photo to fulfill her contract, and Faulkner was forced to create a female role. Crawford insisted that his lines be written in the same clipped style of Young and Tone, his co-protagonist, leading to unintentional hilarity, as these three communicate in a telegraph form that sounds like a sketch of Monty Python ("Wuthering Heights "). in traffic). Seriously, the almost entirely unphased phrases make Ernest Hemingway read like Henry James. The film also reflects some of Faulkner's familiar themes, with an almost abnormally intimate relationship between brother and sister (as can be found in his "Shrine" and elsewhere.) When Young proposes to Crawford, Tone's presence instead of an engagement ring, the three of them exchange recorded rings of childhood with each other.The proximity of Tom and Young is also noticeable, especially when they depart for destination Thelma & Louise. Not so scary for this New Yorker, however, as the recurring theme of the massive Cockroach Wellington, which Crawford gladly picks up (and is shown playing on her hands - I had to turn around!) and Young is particularly involved in a scene in which he is on Cooper's fighter plane, and Roscoe Karns is as charming as the movie. Cooper's flying friend. m, despite his inability to express himself through realistic dialogues, has a good time, shedding his own furtive tears about the fate of his friend Young. Crawford, stripped of meaningful dialogues also, for the most part, looks like wood or melodramatic, which is a balancing act for a role. <br /> <br /> The battle scenes - not surprisingly, for a Howard Hawks movie. -is the most exciting part of the whole picture. But not enough. As far as I'm concerned, this is 75 minutes of my life I will never go back.
