Rosie lost a lot of time on television talking about the Tainos as if they were super influential in the momentum of Puerto Rican modern days. They were not. The truth is that the Africans and the Spaniards were and she knows it. What kills me is that she is standing on the screen looking like an ordinary black girl (with an obvious black father, cousins ​​and aunts) pretending to really acknowledge the true essence of what makes them modern Puerto Ricans, but who barely mentioned them as influenced the way in which Spanish is spoken, food and music. She is so typical and I have lost a lot of respect for her and I will not support anything else she does. Also, since she wants to dance around her Africanity, then she does not need to take on any roles associated with blackness (ie, Lackawanna Blues). We can find a proud Black Latina next time (thank you Zoe Saldana, Gina Torres, Gina Ravera and Melissa DeSousa). <br /> <br /> For the Puerto Ricans who said they are African and not "black". ...thank you. We "blacks" certainly have nothing in common with "you", so there is no lost love. But since you are probably in the United States and have benefited from the Civil Rights movement, we would like you to refuse any decent human treatment that would receive courtesy of the blood, sweat and tears from the backs of the "blacks" with whom you do not share anything. <br /> <br /> If I am right, Puerto Ricans have a terrible image in the media, but we Africans do not spend our time trying to disrespect it because we know the media likes to exploit lows and behaviors of all minorities to maintain irrational generalizations. However, you've evidently fueled the hype that you're somehow white or superior ... you're not. Also, you somehow feel compelled to believe that black culture is BET ... again, you are incorrect and need to take vacations off the hood. Try to visit Atlanta, Georgia, Houston, Texas, Charlotte, N.C Trust me, none of these blacks wants to claim their "culture" either.
