I'm so shocked by this documentary. I am deeply ashamed and ashamed of the way the Puerto Ricans were portrayed. This documentary was not about the culture of Puerto Ricans. It was about the culture of the Nuyoricans. Puertoricanos and Nuyoricans are two different cultures. Very different cultures and should not be generalized to the Puerto Rican population. Rosie, before making a documentary, you need to do the research. You also need to verify and ensure that your sources are trusted. The Puerto Ricans are not all noisy and have class, which is something that the documentary did not have to show. When I saw Rosie and Jimmie at View and Rosie at Martha Stewart, I was very excited to watch. I even let my parents know they love Puerto Rico so much. After the first five minutes, I could not believe how the documentary rocked the US and made the Puerto Ricans look like a bunch of guinea pigs. You need to go and visit Puerto Rico and you will see that Puerto Rico is not a third world country, where more than 50% of the population is in poverty. Puerto Rico has well known colleges and universities, roads, cars, shopping malls, shopping malls (the largest Kmart and JCPenney I've ever seen), restaurants, theaters, beaches, hotels (Ritz, Hilton, etc.), casinos, churches, Auto Express and restaurants just to name a few. Poverty? 50% of the population is. The Puerto Rican culture is about family, music, food, celebration and try to move forward not back. Oh, and new cousins ​​do not leave nowhere. No, this is not a Puerto Rican thing, it's a ghetto thing. We are not bastards. Parents of Puerto Rican descendants who would like to teach their children about Puerto Rico should invest in a trip with the family so they can see firsthand what Puerto Rico is. They will see your beauty, people and culture. Please do not show them this documentary because it will only cloud their minds with negativity. Oh, and please do not tell your American friends to watch this documentary because that will only make the Puertorican people seem ignorant. <br /> <br /> Yes, I was born and raised PUERTO RICAN of the island. Just so you know!
