You have to respect this movie. It may be "just a dumb child movie," but it is the most requested movie title in online movie forums, prompted by people who remember the story but can not remember the title. So what follows is a much-needed and detailed plot description, as I could not find such a description anywhere else on the Internet. <br /> <br /> A typical two-story house is shown in the suburbs. Bridget, 7, tells the suspicion that something is happening since she and her 11-year-old brother, Andrew, are receiving gifts from their parents for no apparent reason. Bridget's gift is a stuffed penguin that she immediately names Sweet William. Bridget describes her relatives: Aunt Ruth, a bossy nurse taking care of her grandmother, grandma hugs who makes dolls with socks and her brother Andrew, who likes electronics and is grumpy. Grams accidentally turns off the lieutenant governor, which indicates that she is disturbing while living with the family. The two children eat breakfast while the adults discuss the move from Grams to a nursing home. Bridget makes a horrible pancake sandwich containing cereals, eggs, bacon, strawberries and syrup while Andrew looks incredulous. The two children argue over Grams and Andrew says Grams is being "put to graze". Bridget talks to Grams in the attic, has a play with Sweet William in her bedroom, then a live doll unexpectedly steps out of the closet mirror of her bedroom. <br /> <br /> Bridget and the living doll get acquainted. The female doll with curly hair is called Huggins and lives in Huggaland. Bridget gives Huggins a baseball cap from Andrew's bedroom. Huggins hides under the clothes when Bridget's mother arrives, then the mother throws the laundry in the washer with Huggins. Bridget rescues Huggins and dries her with a hair dryer. They discuss the problem with the fact that Grams grow old and have to move, Huggins says that Bridget could talk to the book reader about Huggaland about him, since he knows everything. They cross the mirror to visit Huggaland, but one of Bridget's sneakers lodges in the mirror. <br /> <br /> Instead of walking around with a shoe, Bridget runs out of shoes in Huggaland. They immediately meet Hugsy, a lively curly-haired boy in Huggaland. Huggins gives Hugsy the baseball cap. They also know Tickles, Bubbles, Impkins and Tweaker, and all the puppets sing a song while sitting on a bridge. Hugsy takes Bridget and Huggins in his wren to see the moth, who lives on top of a pile of giant books. The book reader consults "the old encyclopedia" and discovers that old age can be cured by eating the fruits of the "young tree." However, only one such tree exists, and it is in the country of Shrugs, ruled by the crazy quartz queen. The only way to travel to Shrugs is to go down a deep hole that is inside a giant book nearby. <br /> Bridget and the two dolls swallow three times, jump through the hole and fall. Soon they walk down a sidewalk, hear the sea of ​​glass breaking and fall off the sidewalk as the lateral gravity ends. They find "the hairy giant," which looks like a mastodon, has four tusks and breathes fire in its trunk. But Hugsy boldly approaches and hugs the giant, who thus becomes an elephant cub whose name is Miscellanea. The miscellanea was under a spell from the queen, and owes a favor to Hugsy, so everyone rides back to the Hodgepodge castle. They enter the castle, are surrounded by troll-like creatures, the queen (Queen Admira) comes, and Bridget asks for a few kittens. The queen refuses, then eats one for herself and boasts of her youthful good looks while looking in a hand mirror. Confusion faints when the queen says he should be "digested." The queen is upset when Bridget mentions that evil witches must have warts, so the queen freezes Bridget and orders the other three to be taken to the dungeon. But the queen carelessly leaves the key to the dome of the girl's tree near the lock of the dome elevating device. <br /> <br /> The hodgepodge wakes up in the dungeon and uses its "noodle" (trunk) to pull the prison door. down, freeing himself and the two dolls with him. They think that Bridget is petrified, the dolls embrace her, which causes Bridget to be revived. Before they escape, Bridget finds the left key to the dome of a young tree, raises the dome and picks up some bright young girls and puts them in a pot. The queen catches them, but the queen's arm is trapped under the descending dome as she reaches for the key Bridget left on the floor. The queen suddenly becomes very old, since she is deprived of the berries they give to the youth and seems to die. Soon Bridget goes back through the mirror into the bedroom, but stumbles to the bottom of the mirror, spilling the fruit on the floor and the fruit quickly vanish into the smoke one by one. Her mother asks her and Andrew to say goodbye to Grams, who is leaving for a nursing home. Andrew drops his usual grumpy facade and embraces Grams, saying he loves her and does not want her to leave. Their father is moved, and decides to keep Grams there after all, and everyone hugs and cries, including Aunt Ruthie, who had been the main person pushing Grams to move. <br /> <br /> Andrew asks Bridget about his girlfriend. Louis Cardinals, Bridget begins to explain how she gave Huggins to Huggaland, but Andrew does not want to hear what he believes to be his fantasy stories, so he turns to look for him in his bedroom. One of the puppets secretly hands over the mirror cover to Bridget, Bridget puts the lid on Andrew's head, Andrew is perplexed and leaves the room without saying anything. Bridget waves happily to the mirror.
