It seems to me, as a recent graduate in a film school, that in these New Zealand film times reaching new heights, the general public seems to think that every New Zealand film made is great. Sione's marriage proves that this is completely wrong. <br /> <br /> It's completely overrated and not funny, and far from the "hilarious" movie that other IMDb users commented on. The only really funny thing I found in this movie was Derek, the pretentious black guy, but other than that the jokes were recycled trash we had all heard before. Being decent half-Samoan, I wanted to see how the movie would deal with the Polynesian representation. It was a complete confrontation - I know it's a supposed comedy, but I did not feel the characters had anything new to say about Polynesian identity, even if it was in an ironic way. I was very disappointed with the end of the film and with the resolution of the character's relationships - Mikaele was the player who only touched white women, even turns when the Black Maiden comes to town, has an epiphany that maybe he should start looking for a stable relationship, then at the last minute rejects and accepts her position as a Polynesian Playboy for women palagitas. I did not understand why they did it. <br /> <br /> All in all, it was very disappointing. All my family came to see that I expected to have a good laugh, but ended up being too bitter in paying to see in the movies. The jokes are idiotic at best, the acting, particularly of Sefa's girlfriend APPALLING, and honestly I would have been happy if I had managed to put one of those pirated copies of the film to save the price of $ 15. I think the only good thing that comes from the movie is that it's the second step (behind number 2, of course, a much higher film than this) at the birth of Polynesian cinema. I hope Pacific filmmakers can learn from Sione's marriage how NOT to reflect Polynesia and have something more meaningful and meaningful to say. Even if it's done in a comical way.
