I had high hopes when I heard it was being made in 2001 because I read "The Devil and Daniel Webster" when I was a child and found it very interesting. They made some changes in the story that did not make much sense to me. Daniel Webster in History was a famous New Hampshire lawyer in history. In the movie he is an editor. A lawyer makes more sense since he ends up representing Jabez Stone against the devil himself (he was a man in history but a woman in the film) in a trial where both their souls are in line. As an editor, Daniel Webster does not seem likely to have the ability to do this. <br /> <br /> The performance was decent for everyone, except for Alec Baldwin and Dan Aykroyd. These are two actors that I like, they just did a horrible job in this movie. It was as if they thought they were performing in a comedy, but the movie was more serious than a comedy. This may be partly due to the fact that the film was filmed with a particular view in mind and was reissued by someone else. Given this fact, it is surprising that it was consistent. I was surprised to see a fair amount of SNL cast members in the film, which still leads me to believe that it may have originally been filmed with the intention of being more of a comedy. <br /> <br /> In short, I would have to say it was not completely horrible, but it was not very good. If I could get the hour and a half back and do something else, I would. The ending was especially disappointing. As in the original story, Daniel Webster defeats the devil in the trial. Jabez then starts again at the beginning of the movie ... literally, we're brought back to the first scene with Jabez, and then the movie abruptly ends. In fact, it seemed they just repeated the first scene of Jabez and called it the end. There is no indication that Jabez has the benefit of any knowledge or experience he has acquired, so who will say that he not only repeated his mistakes again, and perhaps repeatedly in an infinite loop? It was an extremely disappointing end and did not make much sense. The decent cast, and the acting of everyone except Baldwin and Aykroyd, are the only things that prevent this being a complete and utter garbage sandwich.
