A rich and stupid guy, around 1800 years, wants to visit a nearby mental asylum to see how a famous doctor cares for his patients. Despite an initially hostile response, he is soon cordially invited and receives a visit from the good doctor. And, as the doctor shows, he talks and talks and talks !!! And as he speaks, the crazy go crazy here and there without doing anything especially productive. Although there are SOME actions here and there (and some of them quite disturbing), it's amazing how all this is monotonous and cerebral - without life and energy, which is strange for a horror movie. Even a guy who thinks he's a chicken and dresses like one becomes rather tiresome. The more this walk takes the guest, the more disturbing it becomes until finally you realize that the inmates have taken over the hospital and are torturing their guards. Again, despite this turnaround, the movie is incredibly lifeless in many places - especially when it moves very slowly when a bizarre ceremony is taking place or people are wandering the set. Only when asylum workers are found in a prison cell, starving, does the film have any real impact. Considering this plot, it sure is hard to imagine it to be boring, but the people who made this film explorer cheap have! Now with the same plot and competent writing, acting and directing, this COULD have been an interesting and valuable film. <br /> <br /> You know, now that I think about it, this was the plot of one of the episodes of the original TV show "Star Trek"! You know, the one with "Lord Garth - Master of the Universe" and Kirk and Spock are held captive by this madman and his crazed followers. <br /> <br /> One final note: The movie has a bit of nudity here and there and includes a rape scene, so be warned - it's not for kids. In fact, considering how useless the movie is, it is not for anyone! However, with the version included in the "50 Movie Pack - Chilling Classics", the print is so incredibly bad that it's hard to see all this because the print is so dark.
