Was it a comedy or was it a drama? I start this review by asking this question because the movie I just watched, Hollywood Shuffle, was neither funny nor dramatic. Although he tried so hard to argue, because of this lack of definition (comedy or drama), the clever themes and punctual observations were lost. While I firmly believe that there are many racial profiles going on in Hollywood, even today, I do not believe that the debut for Townsend has done much to stop this. Instead, I feel it just added more fuel to the fire. The comic timing of Townsend in this movie was disastrous due to the fact that the elements he should be mocking, he was promoting and vice versa. The parts that should have been serious were somehow destroyed by the lack of funny comedy. Townsend had a decent concept with this film, but unfortunately the execution is what ends up hurting this movie. If you watch the preview before the movie (which I do constantly), you will immediately have the wrong impression of what you will see. The preview gives the impression of a very clever comic film that prides itself on the intelligence of viewers, but the film could not really be further from the truth. <br /> <br /> The main problem with the Hollywood Shuffle is not history itself (because it lacks elaboration); is the direction of Townsend. He had a wonderful concept with this movie. Explore the Hollywood that explores our race. Decent idea, but why could not he run it very well? The first reason is that their ideas are random and sporadic too. The structure of this film was like watching a heart attack on a monitor in the hospital, we are literally everywhere without any warning or map. It was obvious that Townsend had much to say, but only a short time to do so. So instead of defining your characters, developing your themes and creating a clever movie, he simply throws it all together and prays that it works. Unfortunately, this does not happen. Instead of a clever comedy, we have a mix of so many ideas, comic sketches and underused actors that this film goes from decent to almost impossible to show. What hurts most Townsend are his brief and attempts to be funny, interruptions throughout the film. From the fight against a villain known as Jerry Curl to the parody of Siskel & Ebert, Townsend's attempt to mock while talking a message about the film industry hesitates. This is because these little intermittent sketches really distract from the central focus of the film and actually destroy internally. While Townsend seems to be trying to make a joke about life in Hollywood, he is actually simply connecting with all the stereotypes and clichés in the book. What could have been a beautiful satire turns into a simple generic humor that is never distinguished from the rest. So if you're not laughing at the humor of this story, there might be some comfort in knowing that some of the Wayans brothers are around to help spice up this boring story. WRONG! The Wayans are in this movie but Townsend demonstrates that he has the ability to even bring the worst out even in this fun family. Definitely in their pre-In Living Color moments, we see that comedy was something that everyone needed to constantly improve. Maybe it was Townsend's direction, or maybe just this heinous story, but these typically funny comedians were obviously underused and ignored when it came to critics of that movie. I just thought that with the talent pool that Townsend had to pull from that Hollywood Shuffle would have been funny, brilliant, and a real attempt on this obvious Hollywood dilemma. Unfortunately, it was nothing like that. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would like to say that this was a viable film. There were a few moments (while they were few and far apart) they had a smile on my face, the final product just did not settle well with me. Townsend may be funny, but in this movie it seemed like he was playing against himself rather than through his personal experiences and problems. I realize he was probably telling the truth, but it never came to be. Instead, we are dealing with a weak story, which is sustained by idiot flash clips that may have worked for a sitcom, but it certainly did not work for this movie. Even for those who commented that this was his directorial debut and that he was learning from this movie, I would have to disagree. Whether you're starting over, or have a tight script or themes set. Townsend had none of those, and combined with the inability to control his actors, he simply failed on a fireball. <br /> <br /> Overall, this was quite disappointing to watch. It reminded me of a primary school where it's finally time for your child to spell. The word is hard, but when the first two or three cards come out, you think it will work perfectly, but there is that random "P" and the silent "R" that forces your excitement to crumble. That's how I felt with the Hollywood Shuffle. At first I saw the potential, I saw the theme and the motive behind the image, but through confusing and inexperienced technique and after the first scenes, I experienced this deep feeling of falling. Townsend sank his own ship in this, and I do not think the Hollywood Shuffle will ever again submerge as a pivotal moment in Hollywood cinema. <br /> <br /> Note: * out of orgasm
