After a lively and predictable bank robbery scene, 'Set It Off' plunges right into the gutter and continues to sink. This is a film that deals with nasty and worn stereotypes instead of characters, absurd manipulation instead of coherent conspiracy, and a heinous cocktail of cloying sentimentality and gratuitous violence instead of thought, wit or feeling. In short, it's no different than 90% of the Hollywood product. But it is the racial angle that makes "Set It Off" a particularly distressing example of contemporary cinema. Posing as a celebration of "insignificance," the film is in fact a celebration of the most virulent forms of denigrating the American-American "gangster" stereotype. The trick this time is that gangstas are using drag. Not only does the film suggest that gangsterism is a standard identity for all African Americans who are in need of money or feeling a little annoyed by Man but also presents their sistas as superficial materialists who win prizes and money above all else. Worse, 'Set It Off' explores the theme of racial discrimination and disadvantage simply as a device to sustain its weak plot structure. Serious social issues related to race are conducted in an invented and opportunistic way to justify armed robberies, after they are abandoned as soon as the film has to produce the inevitable conventional end where the crime is punished, the DPLA ends up being a bunch of careless and guilty liberals (say this to Rodney King), and the aspiring sista "good" sista, Jada Pinkett Smith, follows the path of upward mobility out of the neighborhood and into a world of middle-class self-indulgence. opened up for her by her buppie bank manager boyfriend. 'Set It Off' illustrates the abysmal state of contemporary blaxploitation film, favoring stupid gangster stereotypes and pretending to celebrate life in the neighborhood while all the time despising it. Although the likes of 'Shaft' and 'Superfly' in the 1970s may have spread stereotypes and consummate well-worn plots, they had a freshness, energy and innocence that impressed audiences of all races and made them fun. to see. 'Set It Off' would not be worth getting angry if it were not a symptom of the tragic decline and ghettoization of African-American cinema since the promising days of the early 1990s.
