Rating: 4 out of 10 As this mini-series approached, and we were well aware of it in the last six months, while the Sci-Fi Channel continued to spice up their shows with BG ads, I confess that Senti growing uneasiness as he learned more. <br /> <br /> As with any cinematic art work that has stood the test of time, different people turn to it to see different things. In this respect, when people think of Battlestar Galactica, they remember different things. For some, it is the chrome warriors with the red light swaying in their visor. For others, it's the affection they had for special effects that were quite evolutionary for their time. Many overlook the state of special effects during the late 1970s, especially those on television. For some, memories settle around the arc of history. Others still remember relationships as relationships themselves have helped overcome the challenges they faced. <br /> <br /> Frankly, I come from the last group. The core of Battlestar Galactica was the people who united to save each other from an evil empire. Yes, evil. The Cylons had nothing to gain but the extermination of the human race, even if they did. As base stars spun, men and women gathered to face an enemy with virtually unlimited resources, and somehow managed to survive until the next show. They did not survive because they had better technology or more firepower. They survived because they cared and trusted each other to move on to the next show. <br /> <br /> The show had its flaws, and sometimes it was sentimental, but it was people you could care less about. <BR> The writers of this current version never seem to understand this. In a way, he took the less significant part of the original show, the names of the character and a take on the arc of history and created what they called nothing less than a reinvention of television science fiction. As that was their goal, they can be judged by how well they accomplished it: failure. It was far from being a reinvention. In fact, it has in many ways been one of the most derivative of science fiction endeavors in a long time. Lend liberally from ST: TNG, ST: DS9, Babylon 5 and even Battlefield Earth. I find that unfortunate. Ronald D. Moore has been a contributor to popular science fiction for over a decade, and has made contributions to some of the most popular science fiction television you could expect to see. One of the difficulties he seems to have had was that there could be no conflict in the Enterprise D & E crew. That was the inviolable rule of ST: TNG, by Roddenberry. Like many who have lived under the rules of others who take every opportunity to break the rules when they are no longer under that authority, Ron Moore seems to have forgotten some of the lessons he learned from renowned science fiction master Gene Roddenberry. Here, instead of writing the best possible story, he has created a dysfunctional cast as I have seen with the intention of creating as much conflict as possible. In addition to being dysfunctional, some of them were not at all credible. Anyone who has ever been in the military knows that someone who does not hit a top cop could not get just a few days "hacked", they could have gotten the execution, and they would never have left the next day. It would not have happened, period, especially in times of war. <br /> <br /> What I remember most about Ron Moore's earlier work was that it was he who wrote the death of Captain James Kirk. He killed Captain Kirk and unfortunately killed the Battlestar Galactica.
