I saw the second part yesterday. And I must say it was better than the first. At first, I realized: it's actually a sequel, not a remake, but not a good one. I do not like the old Galactica movies and series, because the cylinders looked like toasters (as was mentioned in this new movie) and were completely harmless to the old galactic. This movie flips sideways - humans were harmless, but the whole movie was completely chaotic and stupid to me. Many scenes were unnecessary, for example, the story of the "computer expert" - completely crap. If I were a screenwriter, I would let him die in his house, killed by the Cylon woman. And the evacuation of the planet? Oh, please, if it were bombarded by 50 Megatons (why exactly 50 MT ??), they would be dead dead by the radiation. And how is it possible that the great Cylon fleet was completely hidden before the attack? Aha, it was possibly this computer virus, created by Cylon - the script was probably written by a ten-year-old school boy. The good side of the movie is that humans have finally been defeated !! Really defeated, the population is near extinction (children are dying - twice explicit in the film: 1. a baby! Maybe a month old and a girl at the age of ten at the most - which is a violence ...) . And the bad asses won and I think it's the first time in a science fiction galaxy fight movie. I also appreciate the design of the cylinders (not only the humanoid cylon :-) a good job with these ships - I like the design of the ships by both - a cylons human. Human ships are never a good version of the ancients. And galactica - very pretty with these docks, I liked that. But that's all, only the design is not enough. The acting was really bad, the whole plot was expected (only two things not - the human-cylon in the ragnardocks and the human-cylon in the end). The dialogues were trivial (and in Slovak just dulling stupid, but that's not flawed from the movie). The whole movie looked like a pilot movie for a series, but who would record this series? What would it be? One star for the second design for the near extinction of mankind.
