This movie is a mess, but at least it's not pretentious. The box art for the market markets it as a "fun return" to the gigantic buggy movies of the 1950s. In fact, it's an imitation of "Aliens" in the bargain basement. <br /> <br /> The producers clearly wanted to take a picture "ALIEN", but they should not have much money. In fact, it does not look like they had any money. I hope everyone has paid who worked on this thing. <br /> <br /> The basic plot is maintained - isolated group of people with killer insectoid creature - and a land site is inserted for budgetary reasons, I presume. Instead of putting the movie in space, where no one can hear you scream, they put the movie in a hospital where everyone can see their budget stripped. The funny thing about "Blue Monkey" (and there is only one funny thing about it) is that the filmmakers did not abandon the aesthetic "ALIEN". Even though we are in a hospital, we still have an unlikely cavernous attachment where science fiction experiments are being conducted, in this case, the venerable plotting device "growth hormone." The attachment also doubles as a warming room (or something like that), so we can have an explanation for the monster that seeks the heat. The boiler room is so large that it is tied with multi-level steel walkways, perfect to allow the sludge to flow between the slats. <br /> <br /> The idea is that a man working in a greenhouse is attacked by fallen flower of a rare imported plant growing in an exotic location. He plays and says "Ow", so we know he was hurt. The cut on his finger causes him to fall into unconsciousness in a matter of minutes, and in the hospital he gives birth to a white worm through his mouth (I think in a photo "ALIEN" would this be called a "mouthburster"?) . The worm is isolated, but some little children (patients with leukemia) arrive sneakily and "accidentally" give you some experimental growth hormone. You know everyone is in trouble when some of the hospital's fornication workers are attacked by a camera on a crane, and soon a maintenance man finds some mandatory cocoons just before being grabbed by a couple of semicomputer insectoid arms. The rest of the film is dominated by the semi-offscreen monster, semi-obscured by the semi-darkness. <br /> <br /> Which brings us back to "ALIEN". How, you ask, can a hospital-set movie incorporate all those strobes that are always in the movies "ALIEN"? No problem ... a lack of power (or something) causes the electrical system to go wrong, which apparently causes strobe lights to blossom in every room of the hospital and blink constantly throughout the movie. This also works as a convenient cloak for the less-than-special effects (though the bugs are pretty cool, they do not move very well, and the pet looks charmingly like a Cootie toy). <br /> <br /> OK, so what "ALIEN" bases did not cover ... OH, the water running down the walls! Check ... we'll split the gigantic hospital into two parts and then send some of the characters through the damp, dirty basement to get to the other side. Problem solved, we now have the opportunity for countless "tunnel presentiment" shots. And do not forget the fog ... well, you never need an excuse for that in horror movies, do you? Okay, maybe inside a hospital you do that, so let's create smoke because lots of things are burning and burning. <br /> <br /> I did not say anything about the insignificant acting, not that the actors get any kind of script to follow. I understand that "Blue Monkey" should be lively and fun, and if so, then it's a good try, but the pieces do not come together and the movie turns out to be a real bummer. Watch a movie called "The Return of Foreigners: The Deadly Generation" if you want to see a film of this type that will set you up, with much less money and even marginal acting talent. It falls on its alien.
