* McCabe and Mrs. Miller * occur in the Pacific Northwest at the turn of the century. In a muddy, muddy mining camp, John McCabe (a hirsute Warren Beatty) appears at the edge of the bar, full of cigar smoke and great ideas about building a city-appropriate saloon, filled with a trio of the most pitiful prostitutes The history of cinema. He also comes with an undeserved reputation as a gunslinger: too shameful about this to advertise blatantly, but not exactly afraid to use it to affirm alpha male credentials among the locals. And so he chases the boys to build his salon at a rate of 15 cents an hour. <br /> <br /> It seems a rather sad operation until Mrs. Miller (Julie Christie) appears in an amazing contraption that is half-wagon rail, half car (where Altman found this thing?). Ms. Miller immediately assumes McCabe as a business partner, aiming to classify the new board with appropriate prostitutes and an insistence that all visitors take a shower before entering. Noting that McCabe does not know how to add, she also insists on handling the bills. It is unclear what McCabe's role will be. <br /> <br /> The plot complicates when a pair of oily representatives from the mining company appears in the town and offers McCabe to buy it for five thousand. McCabe tells them to buzz - he's waiting for fifteen thousand. The company finds the negotiation unpleasant, so they hire a trio of killers to simply kill McCabe. . . however, how they think they can get away with murdering a man in broad daylight downtown is not as clear as McCabe's role in the partnership. (Apologizing for this huge hole in the ground, claiming that locals would be too intimidated to talk, does not cut the mustard when it is considered that any reward offered by the local marshal would be very tempting.) McCabe and Mrs. Miller , supposedly "classic cinema of the seventies", should be much better than they are. The film tells a good story; the main characters have the potential to be interesting. There are some striking scenes, especially one involving what appears to be a 14-year-old cold stone killer. But it's very difficult to enjoy a movie when you barely hear what someone is saying and when you can barely see what someone else is doing. Once again, this director hijacks his own film with pure laziness and sloppiness. According to the trivia here on IMDb, the film's editor told Altman that the sound was blurry; Altman disagreed; and when everyone said the sound was blurry after the movie's release, Altman blamed the publisher. (Nice.) Along with the bad sound, the film has an atrocious look. Only Robert Altman can hire a world-class DP like Vilmos Zsigmond and make a film that seems to have sprayed the lenses of the cameras with dirty water. Reviewers here who praise the "dark brown glow" of this photo have to be kidding me. The interiors are filmed through what appears to be a dark scum. The outside picture is even worse: it's as if Altman puts 500 fog machines behind the copious trees. During the climactic stretch, when Beatty is dodging the killers while the local church is on fire, Altman insists practically obscure the view with a lively snowfall reminiscent of a Rankin-Bass Christmas special. <br /> Look - I can not watch a movie under these conditions. Come back to me when you learn how to put microphones boom, when you remove all that annoying "Altman-esque" dialog overlaps, and when you clean the lenses with some Windex, or something like that. 3 stars out of 10
