How they made Al Pacino play in that movie is beyond me. This movie is absolutely terrible. I discovered, after reading some of the other reviews, that some people really liked this movie, which intrigues me deeply because I do not see how anyone in their right mind could enjoy such a terrible movie as the Revolution. Not only is it a bad movie, with a lame plot and a general strangeness that is extremely unpleasant, but it seems that the filmmakers were either mentally retarded (which is a very possible explanation as to why this film is bad, though probably is still a drug, even if compared to other films made by delays) or deliberately made all the illogical decisions to make this film as shocking as possible. For example, we see Donald Sutherland running around with a huge fat ugly wart on his face. He usually does not have a mole. The mole does not add to your character. It is extremely ugly and disturbing. It's not like Robert De Niro's mole; is much worse. Why the hell did he get that mole? It's as if the filmmakers have just said, "Let's see, how could we make this movie even worse than it already is? I know, let's give Mr. Sutherland a giant ugly mole right in his face." <br /> <br /> Another example of the filmmakers' stupidity is the character Ned. We see, in the first three quarters of the film, young Ned. At one point, "six months later" appears on the screen. We see Ned again, and of course, the same actor who plays the boy. Five minutes later, "three weeks later" appears on the screen and all of a sudden we have a different actor playing like the now older Ned. What do they think we're idiots? Good God! Once again, it's like the filmmakers are saying, "How can we make this worse? I do not think we can ... Oh, wait! I had a terrible idea!" I know that a child does not grow very much in half a year, which is good, but at least grows more than in three weeks. Just do not get another actor to play Ned, or at least get him to play the five minutes when he's three weeks younger. In addition, the boy who plays Ned "older" does not seem older than "young" Ned. In fact, he looks completely different, much leaner, and not taller or older than the original actor, which is very confusing, since I, like any rational human being, thought at first that he was a new and different character. Did the first boy die while they were filming the movie? <br /> <br /> Because he was in the first hour and a half, and then, suddenly, three weeks later, the guy from Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels is playing Ned in the last five minutes of the movie. And even if the original actor died, the filmmakers should have at least one actor who looks like him to play the rest of his role, and redo the five minutes of "six months later" scenes. Better yet, just undo the film completely, never end and never pitch, not even tell anyone about it, because at this point they should have realized that the film sucks and they would end up wasting more time and money making one of the worst movies of all the times. <br /> <br /> I'm not saying that this movie is so bad that you should not watch it; It's so bad you should watch, just to see how bad it is. It's terrible, terrible.
