Actor brilliant as he is, Al Pacino derails Revolution completely? His approach to acting Method is totally inadequate for the role of an illiterate hunter caught in the American War of Independence. Much of the blame should be attributed to director Hugh Hudson (yes, the man who made Chariots Of Fire just a few years earlier? Talk about a turnaround !!). One of the many jobs of a director is to mobilize the actors, persuading believable performances, but in this case Hudson allowed Pacino to flee without asking any kind of restriction. It's not just Al's underperforming career that makes it difficult: there are countless other flaws with the Revolution, more than will be said later. <br /> <br /> The illiterate hunter Tom Dobb (Al Pacino) lives in the north. eastern region of America with his son Ned (Sid Owen / Dexter Fletcher). Does it lead a simple life? living off the land, raising their child, surviving against the elements. The country is dominated by British colonialists, but over a period of eight years (1775-83) there is a revolution that ends with the defeat of the British and the birth of the independent American nation. Dobb gets caught up in the events when his boat and his son are recruited by the Continental Army? swept by events they can barely understand, Dobbs finds himself struggling for their lives and freedom in bloody combat after another. Tom also falls in love with Daisy McConnahay (Natassja Kinski), a beautiful and fiery woman of aristocratic British ancestry. His forbidden love is played against the broader historical context of the struggle. <br /> <br /> Where to start with the flaws of the movie? Most of the main actors are miscast ?? Pacino has been widely criticized, but Kinski does a little better as the renegade aristocrat, while Donald Sutherland is hopelessly lost as a cruel English soldier with a wobbly Yorkshire accent. Robert Dillon's script is confusing in his attempts to bring great historical events to a personal level. At no time does one seem to have decided whether this is an intimate study with the American Revolution as a backdrop, or an epic war film with a handful of characters designed to carry the story forward. As a result, the narrative falls on no-man's land, floating from "big show" to "little story" indiscriminately and meaningless. John Corigliano's score is rather ghastly, and is poured out on the process without either thought or subtlety. Hugh Hudson's direction is clumsy, both in his mismanagement of Pacino and other key actors, and in the decision to use annoyingly unstable camera works during the action sequences. The idea of ​​the handheld camera is to create immediacy? that feeling of "being there" in the confusion of battle and musket fire. Like so many other things in the movie, this does not work. The only department where the film recovers a bit of respectability is the detail of the period, with costumes, scenarios and armaments that seem consistently accurate. But if it is a detail of the period when you are interested in a trip to the museum, it would be a better way to spend your time because, as an exciting cinematic experience, the Revolution does not even begin to rank. Nothing but a £ 18m megabook that the struggling British film industry could not afford in the mid-1980s.
