What a great word to "re-imagine" is. Is not this what they call the Dawn of the Dead MMIV (2004)? An intelligent word, in fact, disguises the term that all have hated, "remakes," that is, and makes it seem almost as if the creative process were creative and involved the imagination. Well, dammit, I was fooled. At least I was more seduced by the idea of ​​countless rampant, rampant violence than with the idea of ​​"re-imagining," though it played a part. <br /> <br /> Still, why make a remake? Directors do this only for a few reasons: updating a movie to a modern audience, or because they love the original and want to pay homage to it. A tribute, if you will. However, everything in general (I admit exceptions) usually comes down to one thing: stealing someone's idea and reformulating it (or "re-imagining" it) so that those who never saw or understood it paid to see it . It's like the Coles / Cliffs notes; pour everything in the blender, purify everything that is more intriguing and curious and put some artificial flavors. In other words, a great marketing scheme. <br /> <br /> So, what's wrong with this one? Well, I'll start with what I liked. I liked the opening scenes. Thanks to CGI and a bigger budget, we really got to understand the zombie holocaust chaos that Romero tried to communicate in the original through minimalist means. We see the city in ruins, thousands of zombies: chaos and death. Two words that look beautiful on the screen. Then everything falls apart. <br /> <br /> This setting does not get you anywhere. The movie does what almost every remake does. It adds more of everything except character, atmosphere and history. It is noisier, (in some sense) bloodier, and fuller of main characters appearing only to die in meaningless subplots. The setting, the mall that played a crucial role in the history and theme of the original film, is mere coincidence. The idea communicated in Romero's film, the pure ecstatic joy of having "a mall just for you as a fortress," has disappeared here. Besides, this "re-imagination" has no moxie, no spirit, no balls. He assumes (probably rightly) that the audience has no attention and does not care to be interested in the characters or the story. The movie is rushed and misses the quieter interactions of the four characters in the original. You really grew to care for these people in Romero's version, because there was a certain realism in their existence despite the insanity outside the mall. Here, you do not care when or who goes: what matters is how they go. <br /> <br /> What else can they say? The movie is not scary. It has one or two "jump" scenes and tries to compensate for the rest with noisy and noisy special effects. As a story, it's actually very unstable to be followed and the conflicts between the characters are too underdeveloped to save it. The humor is also reduced to some one-liners (and a very good character: Andy). After that, what's left? An ending that is clearly ridiculous and far inferior to the submissive and inevitable ambiguity of the original film. But despite being a very bad movie (though not as bad as some other remakes), it must be remembered for one thing: it kicked The Passion of Christ from its first place at the box office. Well done zombies.
