This movie is pure 'Hollywood hokum'. It's based on a novel called 'Not too narrow? Not Too Deep 'by Richard Sale, which may or may not have been interesting; It would take research to find out! The story of the film takes for granted many incidents and many background that obviously existed in the novel, but which are not seen anywhere in the film, so either the film was brutally cut or the script was a mess from the beginning. There is not a thousandth of a second in this movie that is remotely realistic, either in terms of events or characters. It's pure Hollywood fantasy in every respect. Two well-known actors, Paul Lukas and Peter Lorre, are so underused and wasted that there was no sense in being in the movie. They must have been thrown into the mix the way you add a pinch of chopped chives to an omelet, hoping the taste will be improved. The film is a thoughtful attempt to produce a "tale of morality," and is so tacky that it is laughable. The story concerns some hardened criminals arrested in French Guiana who want to flee their French colonial prison through a jungle (much more a Hollywood forest with a rubber snake). Of course there has to be a woman in the story, so Joan Crawford considers her a bum who, for some reason, becomes irresistible to Clark Gable, one of the criminals who escaped. Crawford in escaping through the jungle wears high-heeled shoes and keeps makeup fresh. Gable flirts and grimaces and makes dull expressions, frowning as was his custom, smiling and looking suggestively at everyone, which was his way of acting. It is difficult to treat a character as a hardened criminal when he is always trying so hard to be Clark Gable that he certainly has no time to be a thief. (Those who seek attention are, by definition, too busy to steal and unsuitable for a task that requires people NOT to see them.) The whole escapade is so ridiculous that it can only be considered as light entertainment. An attempt at religiosity and 'depth' is made by injecting into history a mysterious 'angel of mercy' who voluntarily enters prison and pretends to be a prisoner. He helps in the escape and accompanies all the criminals and ministers for their various deaths, helping them to find 'peace' in their last sighs. This character is played very well by Ian Hunter, who holds a convincing air of secret knowledge, smiles enigmatically, makes enigmatic prophetic comments and has a small spot on his face to give him a heavenly glow. The theme is meant to be redemption. You can call it the Donald Duck version of 'Hollywood Goes Moral and Heavy Gets'. To a real depth, Hitchcock's 1953 "I Confess" shows how it really should be done. On the other hand, this trivial absurdity shows how much Meaning cabinets were naked in Tinsel Town, and that when they looked for something that could mean something, all they could do was, you guessed it, more trimmings.
