Author of numerous novels, plays and short stories, W. Somerset Maugham (1874-1965) was considered one of the greatest authors in the world during his lifetime and, although his reputation has declined over the years, his work continues to demand critical respect and great public reading. Published in 1944, THE RAZOR'S EDGE is the tale of a World War One veteran whose quest for spiritual enlightenment runs away from shallow Western values. It was Maugham's last great novel - and it was immensely popular. Since the novel's conflicts are internalized spiritual and philosophical issues, it was also an extremely strange choice for a film version - but 20th Century Fox's Darryl F. Zannuck fell in love with the book and snapped up screen rights shortly after publication. <br /> <br /> According to folklore, THE RAZOR'S EDGE would be directed by the legendary George Cukor from a script by Maugham himself - and it seems that Maugham wrote an adaptation. When the film went into production, however, Cukor was replaced by Edmund Goulding, a director less known for artistic touch than as a worker, and Maugham's script was replaced by one by Lamar Trotti, author of memorable scripts like OXBOW INCIDENT. Tyrone Power, recently returned from military service during World War II, was cast as the spiritual conflict of Larry Darrell; Gene Tierney, one of the greatest beauties of her day, was cast as Isabell Bradley's socialite. The supporting cast was particularly notable, including Herbert Marshall, Anne Baxter, Clifton Webb, Lucille Watson and Elsa Lanchester. Both the budget and the filming schedule were extravagant, and when the film premiered in 1946, it was much admired by both the public and the critics. <br /> <br /> But time has a way of putting things in perspective. Seen today, THE RAZOR'S EDGE is in fact a beautifully produced film - but otherwise, the best you can say is that it achieves a fairly consistent mediocrity. As in most cases, the biggest problem is the script. While it is reasonably close to Maugham's novel in terms of plot, it is conspicuously out of character in character and completely fails to grasp the fundamental issues that drive the story. We are told that Larry is in search of enlightenment; we are told that he receives it; we are told that he acts accordingly - but despite the occasional and largely superficial commentary, we are never told anything about the spiritual, artistic, philosophical, and intellectual processes behind any of them. In particular, we have never been told anything significant about the nature of enlightenment itself. It has the effect of cutting the story to its knees. <br /> <br /> We get the shell of Maugham's plot, which focuses on the relationship between Larry and Isabell, a woman Larry loves, but leaves because of the growing ideological riff between them. Tyrone Power and Gene Tierney were more indicated for physical beauty than for talent, but both were able to perform well when they received solid direction and script support. Unfortunately, this does not happen here; they are extremely of a note and the power is very difficult to initialize. Fortunately, the supporting cast is very good, especially with Herbert Marshall, Clifton Webb and Lucille Watson; Anne Baxter's then-famous performance, however, did not wear out as well as one might expect. <br /> <br /> With an execution time of just under two and a half hours, the film also seems unnecessarily long. There are seemingly endless cocktail-type jokes, and in fact the whole sequence of India (which is somewhat hilarious) would have been better cut entirely-a strange situation, for this is the very sequence that is intended the crux of the whole movie. Regardless of the specific scene, everything seems to go to a real point. <br /> <br /> As for the DVD itself, the movie has not been remastered, but the impression is extremely good, and while The bonus pack is not particularly memorable nor is it notably poor. When all is said and done, I give THE RAZOR'S EDGE four stars for production values ​​and everyone's willingness to accept the material - but frankly, this movie is best for Power and Tierney fans who will like the stars and those whose ideas about spiritual enlightenment are as vague as the film itself. <br /> GFT, Amazon Reviewer
