What if Somerset Maugham had written a novel about a coal miner who decided to seek transcendental enlightenment by trying to join a country club? If he had, he could have called it The Razor's Edge, since the Katha-Upanishad tells us: "The sharp edge of a razor is hard to pass, so the sages say that the way to Salvation is difficult" . But Maugham decided to continue with the well-educated class, and then we have Larry Darrell's version of Darryl F. Zanuck, newly returned from World War I, carefully prepared, well-connected in society, and determined to become a coal miner. <br /> <br /> Or, as Maugham tells us, "This is the young man of whom I am writing, he is not famous, it may be that when his life finally comes to an end, he leaves no trace of his permanence on this earth, than a stone thrown into the river leaves on the surface of the water, but it may be that the way of life which he has chosen for himself may have an ever greater influence upon his fellows, so that for a long time after his death, perhaps, will come true that he lived in this time a very remarkable creature. "<br /> <br /> Razor's Edge has all the cultural taste of Zanuck that money could buy. It's so sincere, so sincere ... so important. While Larry seeks wisdom, working in mines, merchant ships, climbing a Himalayan mountain to learn from a wise old man, we have his selfish friend, Elizabeth, played by Gene Tierney, her tragic childhood friend played by Anne. Baxter, the snobbish and impeccably dressed girlfriend of Clifton Webb, and Willie Maugham himself, played by Herbert Marshall, taking notes. The film is so unbearably presumptuous about kindness that the only thing that cheers a little is Clifton Webb as Elliot Templeton. "If I live to be a hundred, I will never understand how any young person can go to Paris without clothes at night." Webb has some good lines, but we ended up enjoying Clifton Webb, not Elliot Templeton. <br /> <br /> Zanuck wanted a prestige success for Twentieth Century when he bought the rights to Maugham's novel. He waited a year before Tyrone Power was released from military service. He made sure there were dozens of well-dressed extras, a score that sounded like a cathedral, and even wrote some of the scenes. The effort is as self-conscious as a fat man wearing a rented tuxedo. Despite Hollywood's view of things in The Razor's Edge, I can tell you that for most people hard work does not bring enlightenment, just tiredness and low wages. <br /> <br /> After nearly two and a half hours, we see Larry last carrying his backpack aboard a steamer in a gale. He will work back to America in Europe with a satisfied smile on his face. "My dear," says Somerset Maugham to Isabel at the same time in an elaborately decorated room, "Larry has found what we all want and what few of us have ever gotten in. I do not think anyone can stop being better, and nobler You see, my dear, kindness is after all the greatest force in the world ... and it did! "Larry and the audience need a healthy dose of Dramamine. <br /> <br /> Maugham, not to forget, was an excellent writer of plays, novels, essays and short stories. To see how the movies could do justice to him, see how some of his short stories were brought to the screen in Encore, Trio and Quartet. And instead of wasting time with Larry Darrell, spend some time with Lawrence Durrell. The Alexandria Quartet is a good read.
