The summer of 1979, when this movie was a milestone in the new movie called HBO, was Gas Line Summer and Iranian Hostage Crisis Summer. A change of mood was about to wipe out low-budget, solitary movie movies, though "Smokey & the Bandit" kept the films in need of speed like Roadrunners live-action drawings for a few more years. "Corvette Summer" is as quirky as any previous movie like "Vanishing Point" or "Dirty Mary, Crazy Larry", if lighter and sexier than most. Kenneth (Hamill), a newly-formed auto industry genius, hitchhikes into Vegas in search of the car-theft ring that ripped off his Shop Class masterpiece, a super-personalized Vette on the right. In the spiritual limbo of the I-15 desert (see "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas") he walks into a personalized van (yes, that was also the end of the van mania) cheated as a mobile brothel by the daring aspiring prostitute Vanessa Potts), on his way to Sin City to do it, well, whatever prostitutes do. VANessa, you understand? The timid and innocent Kenneth is on his head in Las Vegas with only his American determination and his new friend to help him, though the tough, predictable young girl is predictably less wise than it seems. Why, in the "I am a woman" era, Vanessa has invested her talents, money, and future in the earliest profession, but less worthy of the world, say college or even hairdressing, can be explained by young women who would like to think that all women , at least, consider the joys of that career. Remember the target audience, right? Hamill is a good choice for Kenneth Whitebread (the car does not even belong to him personally, but to his school), who will not be deterred from his goal by violence, money or even love - until he finds out why the car was actually stolen . Potts acts with style and energy, but Vanessa is way too incredible for anyone besides the most gullible testosterone machine to buy. The thugs are surprisingly human, especially by the always good Brion James. But there is not much action and this is not the type of film that can be transmitted through dialogues, twists or heavy themes. You can always reach, turn the TV dial and connect your console "Pong". The similar, but heavier, Chris Mitchum vehicle, "Stingray," which appeared about the same time, featured a smarter performance but more skin, speed and chaos. The best features of each movie may have produced a Vette movie that is worth remembering. So Trans Am was left to rule the box office muscle car showroom. Another forgotten car movie brought from the dead by the "Speed ​​Channel" weekend series, Lost Drive-in.
