54 is a film about a club with that same title in the scenario of the 70's. It features the classic good-looking bartender. Sexy women. The owner of high power. The party. When everything intertwines, chaos sets in, and the bartender (played by Phillipe) seems to be at the top of everything. <br /> <br /> I will be as direct and honest as possible while avoiding anything. unfair or false comments (like, it's an 'ok' movie). I really find this a completely ghastly movie complemented by the bleak cast. Every time I sit down to watch a movie launching Salma Hayek, I'm always hoping to see her beauty radiantly expressed simultaneously with great performance, but, reality invariably reminds me so abruptly of how utterly untalented she is. I mean, really, what she already left to the masses, in addition to her huge table dance in 'From Dusk Till Dawn' ...? The same goes for Ryan Phillippe, another poor actor who gives nothing to the screen, but his good looks and insanely dull facade, also known as "acting." Mike Myers, is not as bad as these 2, he at least gives the movie something decent. Playing the decadent and outgoing co-founder of Club 54. The type that most watching hates (ie, well done job) he puts on a somewhat convincing performance that gave me rare enjoyment of the movie. But unfortunately, it is not enough to rescue the film from its groundless and flat nothingness. Most bad "bad" movies I find something to get out of the movie, but this has nothing to do, actually. Neve Campbell is not that bad, but she's "there". The plot is monotonous, it seems that the writer was more committed to making a film of this style and beautification and forgot to add anything else. Any meaning. Any class. Nothing at all. Because, like most ornaments, they are just meaningless hollow objects, which are merely beautiful to see, much like the base of this disastrous film. <br/> <br/> Genuinely an hour and a half of time I could have spent It's better to do something a lot more exciting, like talking to 90-year-old relatives on the phone on the weather.
