If you hit your teenage years in the '70s, like I did, you probably remember the stories about Studio 54, whether you like it or not. An exclusive club was the perfect symbol of the cultural excesses and self-absorption of the 1970s; there's even an excellent VH1 documentary about the club that could tell you everything you wanted to know about its heyday, and the stories are easily interesting enough to generate a very catchy movie. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, that's not it. 54 follows the lives of some of his staff, a bartender named Shane (Ryan Phillippe), a waiter's aide named Greg (Breckin Meyer), his wife, a coat-of-arms girl, Anita (Selma Hayek) and, of course, master of ceremonies himself, Steve Rubell (Mike Meyers). While the events at the club are well represented, this film is more concerned with the personal lives of the workers, following the story of Shane closer. <br /> <br /> The movie works in outbreaks. Sometimes he perfectly captures the shallowness of the nightlife culture (such as when Shane is taken to a dinner party and does not know who "Errol Flynt" is), and at other times he turns into a chubby melodrama. Part of this is inherent in the premise? following the subordinates as they mingle in the world of the rich and fabulous ?? but much of this is due to the child glove treatment with which the club and Rubell are given throughout the film. While Rubell has certainly electrified the scene in New York with his penchant for the exaggerated spectacle and his exclusive choice of crowds every night, rampant drugs and sexuality are briefly touched; and Rubell himself, while his excesses are mentioned, seem strangely positive to a guy who was in life a liar, a cheater, a drug abuser and promiscuous like all hell. Not that I was looking for the man to be ridiculed here, but his ego directly contributed to the downfall of his club and the diminishing culture of nightlife he helped raise. One final scene in which he looks at regulars is paternally so emotionally false as to appear patently absurd. <br /> <br /> Meyers does his best to capture Rubell, but he gives so little to work on here that it's amazing how effective he is; but he is good and helps to anchor the movie. Philippe, whom I generally consider to be a good actor, is paralyzed by the superficiality and stupidity of his character; he is limited to a deer-in-the-head smile or a grumpy, sulky expression, and even he can not translate that into a strong performance. Hayek and Meyer are both well again, cut out by writing, and Neve Campbell ?? highlighted on the DVD cover? appears so briefly that she really has a long stake. <br /> <br /> For some reason I still feel interested, even fascinated, by the popular culture of the second half of the seventies. But even taking into account that this is not a film that involved me particularly despite the predisposition to like it. I'd say if that was, or that club, got any interest for you, find the VH1 special instead of that half-way melodrama.
