On the face of it, Ruiz set out to make a psychological thriller. Although not as satisfying as a classic piece in this genre, there are trade-offs. The tensions generated between Huppert and Balibar as women quietly, but calculatedly at war on a boy whom both affirm are convincing; however, in a true European style of art, Ruiz does not release this tension, since women also try to behave with compassion to one another. The only voice raised is Huppert's waking from a nightmare (an undeniable irrational event in the film). <br /> <br /> In fact, if we follow the title, the film is as little about its thriller skeleton as Jane. Campion is in the cut. Instead, it is an intergenerational psychological study with a focus on men. The boy, Camille (Nils Hugon), decides in a joke, throwing his mother against another emotionally vulnerable woman. Both women seem to give in to him instead of berating and this raises the problem. In the background is an intemperate psychologist (Charles Berling), agile to confront the women in his life - his sister Huppert, the nanny or his father - and thus act as a symbolic adult counterbalancing Camille, calm and (we learn) manipulative. It is particularly interesting that, like Henry James's father in The Turn of the Screw, the father of Denis Podalydes is absent throughout the film. Ruiz throws an oedipal moment out of Huppert's reaction to his return at the end of the film. <br /> <br /> Read either as a thriller or as a psychiatric essay, this movie is, in the end, quite disappointing. I'm officially fed up with Mme Huppert's screen method, which is heavily buried, and so I'm going to look for her on the stage before I see her again (European - I like Heaven's Gate) again. Support is good. Ruiz does the cast does not favor though. Quite apart from some dim lighting and some intentionally strange shots, it's as if his direction had left characterization quite out of reach - I'm thinking particularly of Edith Scob's next shaman for Isabelle, who acts knowing but communicates perplexity. The plays do not attach to a front conspiracy - the tension I referred to is not only weakly dissipated but wasted on its directional potential. <br /> <br /> Want to see a good contemporary French thriller? Go and see L'Appartement instead. 4/10
