I absolutely despise this movie. It is not by chance that José Larraz "disowned" him at some point and refuses to discuss the matter. I admire Larraz's work, especially his more obscure horror / maniac sex thrillers like SAVAGE LUST or SCREAM AND DIE. His work has a kind of artistic ingenuity to the point that he can not detach himself, partly because of his secondary career as a painter and cartoonist. It's a shame he never made a western, his vision would have been perfect. <br /> <br /> BLACK CANDLES is easily his most notorious film and probably his best known after the masterpiece VAMPYRES. And the notoriety revolves around a scene in which a satanic clan enacts a bizarre rite involving the extraction of the reproductive fluid from a goat - symbolizing The Beast - as a kind of nauseating balm to be used in the preparation of the abandoned child as a sister to a murdered man his role as the bride of Satan. The scene in question is staged in a way that seems quite convincing, even without the display of any plumbing apparatus that the goat may have been endowed with, the rector's histrionics recruited to represent the supplicant in the ritual, and many guttural chants about recycled musical score of the film heard in half a dozen films attributed to Jacinto Molina. The perverse nature of the scene is more implicit than shown in graphic details, augmented somewhat by the knowledge that the supplicant is in fact the teenage daughter of the satanic priest. Mine, but they had fun inventing this movie. The problem is that there is not much to deconstruct or contemplate beyond the paper-derived story of a woman being weaned in her role as The Bride of Satan by a sophisticated group of satanists who live in the fields of a England too sinister. Led by the Eurohorror sensation, Helga Line, these Satanists are made up of doctors, lawyers, landowners, tycoons, and other high society dignitaries who owe their professional success to devil worship. All you have to do is sell your soul and the world can be yours, just watch out for who you can sell to pay a small personal conflict or you may end up being cheated with a sword. <br /> <br /> The film attempts to combine this intoxicating Satanic journey with a great deal of explicit sex, and it must be rightly regarded as a kind of culmination or culmination of the Spanish suspense traditions of sex and horror, popularized in part by Mr. Molina and Ms. Line, who had Surprisingly flourished under the watchful eye of a Generalissimo Franco, the dictator who controlled Spain until 1976. While he lived, his decree was that Spanish cinema would be free of graphic depictions of sex on screen . Spanish directors used to make two versions of their films, one with hidden sex for their own screens and another with fornication on display for export. As difficult as it was for filmmakers to express themselves, the result was a kind of interesting tension that usually results when artists flirt with the forbidden: Spanish horror of the 1970s has a very special flavor that is somewhat acquired. It is not for everyone. But in a bizarre twist of events, without Franco's influence on his culture, Spanish horror dried up in the late 1970s, when his Gothic castles and demonic orgies were suddenly seen in comparison to new sensations like JAWS and the STAR WARS phenomenon. And without Franco's restrictions, they were suddenly a wave of openly thrillers graphics that fell out of tubes in the late 1970s and early 1980s, of which BLACK CANDLES is perhaps best known for its emphasis on sexual deviance with a corral animal. Larraz's main horror films have always revolved around sexual taboos (VAMPYRES lesbianism, incest of SCREAM AND DIE & DEVIATION), but here the effect of depravity is to overshadow the rest of the production. No one cares about anything other than the traditionally censored trip to the Goat Barn, and watching a cut version without the scene in the barn is almost an exercise in uselessness. Sex is not graphic enough to gauge how porn and the chills are not scary enough to rank as horror. <br /> <br /> So the BLACK CANDLES are essentially a study of behavior - Here's how British high society Satanists can behave in their secluded mansions in the West Midlands or whatever. Among the sex scenes, actors / actresses sit and have lots of discussions. The best thing the movie has for him is an undeniably oppressive atmosphere of claustrophobia, with most of his action taking place in the confined interiors of the Line character's mansion. Almost all fornication routes are suggested so gentle sex fans with a hint of supernatural horror are fun, and of course the vicarious sex offenders among us will love to choke their chickens into the scene of the goat barn. But the final conclusion of the film is silly, pretentious, insulting to intelligence and probably perfect for such a forgettable exercise in a sleaze applied. <br /> <br /> 2/10; Without the Goat Barn, this movie is not the same, and the scene is a bit much for most viewers. Larraz was right to deny it.
