Note to self-just because a film is foreign, obscure and stars Catherine Zeta-Jones does not mean it is good. Such is the case of 'Blue Juice', a 1995 film about an improbable group of surfing enthusiasts in what would seem (to an idiot American, after all) an even more unlikely place to find surfers: Cornwall, England. You may be thinking this is the result of a little fun comedy. If only. The movie is only a little over ninety minutes, but it seems endless. The easiest way to describe it is as a kind of British '90s version of' Grease 'without the dance, but even that makes it look better than it is. No, the best way to catch it is like a small slice of life in a small town. Catherine Zeta-Jones plays Chloe, a young woman who lives with a surfing instructor, JC (Sean Pertwee; you remember him). Pertwee is actually the star of the film, and his character is a kind of surfing legend for a small group of surfing devotees, the necessary eccentric group of free spirits that inevitably inhabit such films. In this case, it consists of a drug dealer who wants to be a journalist, a former dj who wants to be a music producer and a fat nerd who, in an unnecessarily extensive scene, is stoned and loses all his inhibitions that of course turns out to be the best thing that ever happened to him. I can not honestly say that everything that happens in 'Blue Juice' is predictable, as it is set in a place and reflects customs and customs that I am not very familiar with, but certainly there is nothing surprising or interesting to occur there or with the characters. The comedy, however, is very predictable and tired. One can feel the set-ups a mile away and almost recite the dialogue (in the American way, of course) before the actors do. The relationship between JC and Chloe is so trivial. She wants him to grow; he wants them to get the impetuous teens they started to be. He is afraid of losing face with his gang; she thinks he prefers it. You got the idea. As I struggled to stay focused on 'Blue Juice' in the end, I felt, as they say, that this was an hour and a half of my life that I would never go back.
