About five minutes later, I saw where this was going. A bunch of high school kids get angry with the school administration and thoughts of rebellion begin to be fostered. I told my girlfriend: If I get below 5 on IMDb, I'm going to read a book. He won 5.0, so she convinced me to keep watching. What are the good things? Well, it's good that this movie does not have a story, because you would certainly be distracted by the issue. It's like the student's drawing that was ripped off by one of the teachers, all footage of this movie was cut in a weird accident involving a meat grinder, and left half of the stock destroyed, with the other half in two second bits. Even in a ten-second scene on local TV news, there are about six cuts and three different angles. And then there's the mounts. All this is linked to electronic music, which provided for another set up, so that, like Pavlov's dog, you start to shrink every time you hear it, which is every three minutes. Oh, I should tell you what's good in this movie. Well, the film was filmed very well, with a nice color palette, which matched very well with the emotional content - as was the case - of the scenes. Okay, now with great flaw of the movie, and it was not the story, or the lack of it. The director made this fatal mistake of getting him to divert people and situations, not from telling smart stories, but from being highly selective about what to show about the main characters. This is just cheating. I think he did it to make the central character friendlier. But this has become simply annoying. If the story is full of holes, it is not good to try to fix it, disorienting the viewer. And often there was not even a point to that. And then the end. Basically, the main villain of peace turns out to be a nice guy, if he's a coward. In addition, he transforms what seemed to be the main point of the film, that you should defend a just cause in your head, by the aforementioned misguidance, and makes it a point on the nature of revolutions that has already been made, and much better, by animal farm. She also committed what I call Bill Cosby's sin: no matter how things seem at first, in the end the adults are always right, and the children always wrong. And let's face it: unless you are me, this is not true.
