Sammy Horn (Michael Des Barres) is the chef and owner of a famous restaurant in California. He has a beautiful wife, Grace Horn (Rosanna Arquette), who is pregnant, and a beautiful son about five years old. Sammy really loves his family, but like Dr. Jeckyll and Mr. Hyde, he has a double life, having sex with many different women. Dr. Jane Bordeaux (Nastassja Kinski) is trying to help you. OK, it's my fault: I read the summary of the other IMDB user comments, I saw the IMDB user rating, but I really did not believe that Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski could participate in such a bad movie. I decided to check, and in fact some comments are very accommodating. The plot, the script and the dialogues are so silly and laughable that even in some pornographic movies we can find smarter stories. The photograph is so amateurish and naive that in some parts it seems to be made through a VHS camcorder. Michael Des Barres has no sense of ridicule: being an old, bald man would be acceptable in a Viagra ad or the little boy's grandfather. But as an attractive man who stays and has sex with any woman, it's scary. In the Wood Allen comedy, maybe he has a chance, but in a "serious" movie, it's funny. I'm trying to figure out why or how Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski agreed to participate in such a horrible, amateur and trash movie. They need money? Lack of chances in better movies because of their age? They are friends of the 'director' (sorry for using this word) and have decided to help and promote it? I do not know if Rosanna Arquette's intention was to show her breasts full of silicone, but it's unacceptable that a great actress would accept such a script. The same applies to the beautiful Nastassja Kinki. She is presented fat, without makeup, without glamor. A total lack of respect with one of the most beautiful actresses in the history of cinema. One fact really puzzles me: as a reader, with no personal interest, can you promote this garbage, give it higher rankings, or write favorable comments about that movie? Are they friends of the 'director' (again, I'm using this word ...) or the cast? It seems very strange to me that a regular IMDB reader might like this movie. My vote is two. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): `Addicted In Sex '
