This useless B movie tries to masquerade as a study of sexual addiction, but it really is a poor excuse for a sexploitation film. The story revolves around Sammy Horn (subtle name) played by Michael Des Barres. Sammy owns a restaurant with a baseless wife Grace (Rosanna Arquette) and a small child. He has a sexual addiction and must have senseless sex every five minutes with any woman in his field of vision who agrees (and of course every woman on the planet finds him irresistible, despite the fact that he seems old enough to be collecting the Social Security) The story is centered on a conversation with his therapist (Nastassja Kinski), where he is describing each of his sexual explorations through flashback. This is nothing more than a convenient starting point for a parade of serial sex acts, which consumes at least 75% of the time on the screen. <br /> <br /> It's hard to know where to start criticizing such a bad movie. The production values ​​are abysmal. The film is videotaped with a look somewhere between a TV soap opera (at best) and an amateur porn movie filmed in someone's garage. Joseph Brutsman's direction is awful, with bad lighting, uninspired framing and inadequate direction of the actor. The script is insipid and dialogue is foolish and vulgar. Women are usually portrayed as sex-obsessed nymphomaniacs, just waiting for an addict like Sammy, who attacks them while feeding their insatiable appetites with some impersonal copulation. . As an example, Grace's sister is outraged to inform Sammy that she knows he is sleeping there and that she will tell his wife. Her response to this is to throw her against the wall and start raping her. About three seconds later, she has an epiphany and is instantly converted into one of her sex disciples, begging him to give her more. As soon as they finish, Grace walks in and tells her, 'Oh, great to see you, you have to run to get Timmy,' and her mother talks about Sammy's indiscretions. The bond of loyalty was sealed with a good fury. There is no spoiler here because it is so typical of the obvious nature of the movie that anyone who has seen the first fifteen minutes could have foreseen it. <br /> <br /> Sexual representations are exaggerated, mechanical and poorly simulated. that they are more comical than erotic. Most of them are made with both participants fully clothed. The acting is disgraceful. Michael Des Barres presents the whole depth of a puddle of rain. He really seems to get into the jerk and profanity of the sex parts, but when it comes to actually acting with Arquette and Kinski, he is adrift. Rosanna Arquette is the closest thing to an actor in this movie, giving a bearable performance and looking genuinely hurt when she finally discovers that her perfect husband is a lecherous animal. Nastassja Kinski is very compassionate as the therapist, but at least we have some acting going on here. The rest of the cast is just a collection of high body pairs, to whom they give lines that provoke thoughts like "hit me harder, is the best you can do?" and 'Oh, God? YEA'. <br /> <br /> This movie is among the worst I've ever seen, a dubious distinction given the thousands of movies I've seen. I gave the extremely rare disgrace to evaluate it 1/10. It should not be seen within three hours of any meal.
