You can not deny that we have an affinity for speed. That's why movies like Fast and the Furious, Dhoom, Rempit are made to touch to the satisfaction of the audience, especially the locals. We live on a small island, and I can not understand why, for the relative efficiency of the public transport system, most of us want to get into debt by having a set of wheels that come with 100% tax when they get on our backs, and the myriad of taxes and accounts payable while operating one. Not only that, the state-of-the-art sports cars have already been quoted by a prominent politician to the north that they will never make it to the fourth gear so they do not reach the sea. <br /> <br /> And these films are relatively easy to do. Hot wheels and hot chicks always fit well in targeting the demographic needed. For the first time, those necklines exposing short and short skirts, accentuating legs two meters long, can not compete with the attention given to those beautiful curves that exotic cars have in films like these. Of course, there are among us (ahem) those who choose the sexist portrayal of women as mere sexual objects (otherwise explain why motor shows come with model-laden trucks, and movies like these can not do without a leggy model in a frame) however they do not guarantee the kind of collective orgasm sighs whenever quadricycles appear on the screen, even when they do not do anything at all and have their gears in the park. The guy sitting next to me, I swear he wets his pants every time his dream car shows up, and wrinkles his pants even more when he hears those motor whimps growling. <br /> <br /> So we have this, the fans that came out in bulk just to watch which of the coolest cars appeared in the movie. With the Fast and the Furious franchise, Japanese models such as Evos and Skylines are at the center of the stage, as is the GT. Here, the Ford GT takes on an incredibly slimy facade modification, which even I'm impressed, alongside newer models like Ferrari Enzos, Porshe Carerra GTs, Koenigsegg CCXs and all cars that have wings for doors. But seriously, my heart races to the cars every time they are mercilessly destroyed just for fun. I mean, this is perfectly fine, high performance models that are at the apex of motoring but still because whoever financed the film had millions to blow, they do it because they can, <br /> <br /> There is no story in Redline, just excuses to put together a movie full of beauties (the cars that are) that can rip the asphalt probably in the most annoying way possible, and with the usual pedal scenes (always the accelerator, remember, by tapping the pedal brake is equivalent to blasphemy, and you get no respect), steering wheels, gear shifts (always shifting up and not down), all this while the actors pretend they are the worst ass with one engine, growling and giving others dirty looks. It's not a very difficult task for an actor, and that's why we have the most regrettable presentations of all time, with phrases that seem to be written by elementary school students. <br /> <br /> The heroine (yes, made a statement that girls Natasha (a Nadia Bjorlin much like a plastic) is one of those million dollar discoveries - a model-like girl who does not care of being four and immersed in oil, who has a pedigree of racing within her and presents herself with a rock songs sung with lyrics that are simply laughable (every line had to do with cars, and when she sang about love, she had to chain Introduced against her will to illegal races by a gangster named Infamous (Eddie Griffin), she engages in family quarrels involving a Leo-like veteran DiCaprio in Iraq, and a rich and despicable uncle.Everything else, as I said, serves only as an excuse for the movie to go from race to race. <br /> <br /> And it is almost always the same, as there is very limited to what you can do to increase the voltage. between race cars, especially when you know the race is manipulated (for narrative reasons) and you can see the result of the race one mile away from the finish line. While Fast and Furious had very charismatic actors, and I'm going to put my head on the philtrum naming Paul Walker, Sun Kang, and of course, the star who created - Vin Diesel, Redline had none, just beautiful faces with a lot of air unfortunately. It looks like a TV movie in its treatment from the outset, with a very insipid opening sequence in which is a man, a car and a 105 minute race against time to get to Vegas. <br /> <br /> If not for the cars, then this movie is seriously a piece of junk, with bad acting, bad lines and bad deeds. Strictly for the fans of cars, or those who like their movies with countless beauties that excite their bodies without saying anything.
