There is a scene in this movie in about 42 minutes which is among the worst I have seen in some time. While F. Scott Fitzgerald (Gregory Peck) and Sheilah Graham (Deborah Kerr) are resting on the beach, things suddenly get strained and Sheilah starts crying - when she tells her lover about her sordid past. This "dramatic scene" becomes so terribly exaggerated and histrionic that I could not help turning to my wife and exclaiming how stupid everything was ... while dramatic music swelled on the television when it all came to a false crescendo. NOBODY experiences moments like this - no one. Now how much of the rest of the film is true, I can not say, but this particular moment was ridiculously bad and as fake as a $ 8 Rolex - and leads me to suppose that some of the other reviewers were correct - the film is very bunk . However, I am not an expert on the lives of these two people and the internet also did not seem to clarify this. <br /> <br /> Who were F. Scott Fitzgerald and Sheilah Graham and what was their relationship like? What I know about Fitzgerald, however, seems different from what I saw in the film. Was he the gentle, decent man we first saw in the movie? Well, considering he was married while still with Graham and drank like a fish, I'd say he was not. Was he as unpleasant and rude as we later see in the film? Maybe, but if he was that bad, and yet Mrs. Graham was with him, then that makes her a complete idiot - not someone you'd like to see in a movie. And if he was not, then the film does a bad disservice to his memory. Either way, it was a painful and not particularly enjoyable viewing experience. <br /> <br /> The sum total of this movie seems to be a tale of two people not particularly nice or healthy. In a dark and lewd way, some might find this quite amusing, but most will surely see it as a train disaster with no surprises along the way! Unpleasant, but with brilliant production values ​​(especially music, which was beautiful but much higher than expected), it raises the question "why did they choose to do it in the first place?". The bottom line - it's a really bad movie around and probably not worth your time - even if, like me, you're a big fan of Gregory Peck.
