I hate plane movies ... all of them! In fact, I hate them all with a passion! First of all, they are cheap and have no skill! Secondly, they insult the aviation industry and tell the audience that all airplanes do it ... Fall out of the sky and ruin it! <br /> <br /> Why do I shudder in such a movie? This could happen to any of us and with consequences worse than those suffered by the characters in the movie, which is the only scary aspect of an air disaster like this. I hate this movie because it's like all the 50,000,000 movies of airplane stupid chaos before him! The free fall is like all the others: nothing more than the boredom before the clichés of dramatic scenes. <br /> <br /> First, we have the same cast of delays in this death trap: the family of three children Cleaver-esquire, the yuppie baastard and bitch of a complete flight attendant with a large blonde hairstyle 1987 Rebuking anyone who has the least fear! <br /> <br /> My second complaint is that this should not be a full-length movie, but rather a documentary explaining everything about the Air Canada "Gimbli Glider" incident, also known as "Free Fall", to the precautions of safety. <br /> <br /> My third and last gripe is with all the airline movies of this caliber (with the exception of Fearless) Why the hell did the flight attendant instruct passengers to remove their shoes? (I could understand high heels and sharp, loose objects, but come on!) As if that would make them more f # * safer than they are now! This plane if they (the passengers) knew nothing better: they knew they were going to land. Why would you force 100 wounded people down a rubber slide that can cause skin to peel and bleed on impact just to walk on your feet in a wreckage field! Does that make any sense to anyone? Fearless and ABC's hit series "Lost," had more depth and realism for air disaster than just "airplane crashes - panic-butler people become idiotic plane lands without wheels in a field, people wander without shoes and jackets, etc. the same old crap of the Airport 1975! Freefall was so typical of an air accident movie I almost expect to see Charlton Heston or Peter Graves break the damn passenger cabin Could we at least see how these ill-behaved characters come back to normal, instead of people rejoicing amid the impending tragedy that is facing them? A typical idiot movie of life! Cheap and stupid! The director of "Freefall" should get cheap movies made for TV with white middle-aged women with stupid teenage boys who use drugs and have marital problems. As for the suspense ... leave it to the pros ... you because Audience should stay over an hour and a half from is the airport wannabe. I hope they do not make airplane movies like this. If this were like the ABC series "Lost" then it would be something to watch. But this is absolute crap and then some. Stop turning every plane crash movie into "Airport 1975"! This is not "Airport" is a pathetic cheap waste of my time. I would not recommend this movie or any air disaster film made for TV to anyone, not even to my worst enemies.
