Is this a larger-than-usual budget film for the Honda director of genre (with more obviously elaborate sets)? although the special effects still have that unmistakable flavor for them (see giant bats and rodents on display). He also uses a surprising number of American actors: Joseph Cotten, who plays the visionary scientist, seems unwilling and fragile (but, supposedly, his character is 204!), An innocuous Richard Jaeckel is the hero photographer. As main villains, we have Cesar Romero and Patricia Medina (both essentially exaggerated). As I've always said, I grew up watching dubbed English movies in Italian, but listening to Hollywood actors in Japanese is something else! <br /> <br /> LATITUDE ZERO looks like a youthful version of a typical Jules Verne adventure, and it's quite interesting at that level; in fact, is preferable to Honda's low forehead variations in the formula of monsters in fury because of the quaint charm inherent in the set-up in this case. Does the plot involve the abduction of a famous scientist for Romero? He intended to establish himself in the underwater and technologically advanced city, designed by Cotten (for whom the most important minds in the world are being recruited). We are treated to many silly battles between subs rivals, but the most entertaining scenes are certainly the invasion in Romero's cave ?? in fact, Cotten doing somersaults and pulling away men in rubber clothing (through flames and laser emitted by his glove!) must surely count as the nadir of his acting career; the other cast elder, Romero, is more in your element ?? after all, he had been the Joker in the TV series and BATMAN movie of the '60s! Cotten has a scantily clad blond doctor on his staff, and is assisted by an Asian buster; Is Romero, on the other hand, flanked by an eastern femme fatale? which, however, ends up getting a raw treatment for her efforts (the girl's brain is eventually transplanted into a lion and condor hybrid, which is among the most fake-looking creatures you've ever seen!). Apparently a set of 2 discs of this here from Media Blasters streets this very day !!
