The 7EVENTY 5IVE storyline involves college kids playing a cruel telephone game that unexpectedly (for them, if not for horror fans) puts them in their heads. The story of 7EVENTY 5IVE, on the other hand, is that of a horror movie that had a little bit of promise, sadly outweighed by a very bad writing. <br /> <br /> What could have been fun if at all? The silly, old-fashioned slasher tale is derailed at first by the mistaken belief of its filmmakers that the public would love to see a bunch of rich and whiny kids complaining about each other for most of the movie's running time. With the exception of a police detective played by Rutger Hauer, (in a smaller role that is primarily designed to add the movie's only star power), each character on the screen is a different breed of young A-hole. <br /> <br /> Male and female, black and white, heterosexual and gay, a whole set of boys of superficial and agitated colleges carries the bulk of the film's narrative. Worse, since the tale deals with a PARTY game that went wrong, most of the time the scenes are completely filled with these little bds. Because of this, there are few interruptions for the viewer, who must put up with the angry sniping of the protagonists. Even if at least some of these people are supposed to be friends, invariably all the characters interact in a very hostile manner, long before any genuine conflict actually arose. This leads to the worst possible outcome in a horror movie: the audience, with the intention of worrying about the leads, instead not only animates the anonymous killer, but wishes he had arrived to start catching the much more empty little brats early. <BR> <BR> The real shame of this bad characterization is that, otherwise, 7VEVENTY 5IVE really has some potential. Visually everything is fine. New directors Brian Hooks and Deon Taylor know how to create a climate of suspense. They can also deliver in some competent, if sparse, moments of the classic blood of the 80s. Surprisingly, the cast of production is also quite capable. It is not that actors are not able to express realistic human emotions; it's simply that the script (co-written by newcomer Vashon Nutt and director Hooks, who fared better behind the camera than with a keyboard) is short of such moments. <br /> <br /> 7EVENTY 5IVE can hardly be recommended as its familiar premise and few emotions can not make up for the bad taste left behind by a story driven by a bunch of nasty characters. In this whodunnit tepid, the real mystery is why one should worry about a group of young people who can not even like each other.
