This film, although ostensibly a comedy, is extremely serious. Its theme is imperialism (with a capital I): as England, foolishly, humiliatingly, tries to convince itself that it is still a great power after World War II. At home, the Empire is ruled by kind benevolent fools, who are so naive that they can not distinguish close relatives; Government Offices consist of long-forgotten archives (an orphanage paranoia?), inhabited by indolent rats, and anteaters in which the room gets bored, reading popular novels. Abroad, Britain clings to ancient pomp; but pomp out of context seems beat up and silly, especially when it's embodied in clumsy idiots. Carlton-Browne is a non-sentimental portrait of decline, without the tearful rot that marked the supposedly anti-imperialist Jewel of the Crown. <br /> <br /> The film also talks about the Cold War, admitting bravely that it is a dangerous farce, whose participants deserve ridicule and contempt, not fear and respect. It is about how colonialism, characterized more by neglect than tyranny, destroys the colonies it deserts, robbing them of amenities, power and, most importantly, self-esteem, leaving them vulnerable to the machinations of dangerous cowboys. <br /> <br /> It's the seriousness, of course, that kills. That's not to say that important issues can not be treated with comedy - Morgan's Creek Miracle, Dr. Strangelove and Brian's Life proved it. In fact, it may be suggested that serious themes should only be dealt with by comedy - allows for a clearer picture. <br /> <br /> The problem with Carlton-Browne is that every situation must have a meaning beyond mere comic. , so that it will be heavy and bland. In the three films mentioned above, much of the comedy arises from the character's reaction to an extreme situation, not the extreme situation itself. Here the script is too poor to support rich comic characterizations, and some of the greatest comedy talent ever - Peter Sellers, Terry-Thomas, Raymond Huntley and John Le Mesurier - are criminally wasted. Terry - Thomas, sublime so often, shows that he could not handle pieces of lead, and that he needed to play scorn, arrogance, not bureaucracy. The song is made to convey much of the comedy, but its heavy irony only draws attention to the lack of joy on the screen. (To be fair, unlike most British period comedies, which were stagy and under-produced, Boultings often try to make their points through the film itself, by editing and composition). Only Huntley manages to create genuine laughter, and this is rehearsing a character he could have played in his sleep. <br /> <br /> None of the Boultings farces dated well - they were never thought enough. Although Carlton-Browne is interested in the decline of the Empire, it also appears to be antidemocratic and militaristic. I'm sure this was not intentional, but those mistakes will probably happen if you allow worthy intentions to take precedence over comic book intelligence and film form.
