You may want to know beforehand that I am not a Mormon, as opposed to quite a few of those who have reviewed this movie. I mention this so that you understand that the way I look at the film may differ a lot from those who are in the faith. For some, criticizing the film can be seen as a critic of the faith - and that is NOT my intention. So my review is that of an intruder trying to look inside and learn more about who this man and his people were. Well, after watching the movie, I doubt I've learned much. Since I am a history teacher, I have a good basic understanding of Young, as well as about Joseph Smith, as well as about the teachings of the church. But anyone who wants to see this movie to really learn anything will probably be disappointed because the movie looks so cool - very good and very unrealistic in its interpretation. In addition, you learn virtually nothing about church beliefs, unless they are nice people, work hard and some have many wives (and this last part is just hinted at in the movie). Instead, people are almost like cartoons in their simplistic portraits. Joseph Smith and Brigham Young and their followers are angelic, non-Mormons were all demons and Brian Donlevy (playing EXACTLY the same type of role that Edward G. Robinson later played in DEZ COMMANDMENTS) is the troublemaker who claims to be a Mormon, but it only comes together so the movie may have a bad face. It's all very simple ... very simple. Almost like an indoctrination or infomercial movie. Brigham Young was especially a very complex man - with many good points (an excellent organizer and visionary) as well as evil (do not even make me begin your visions about blacks inside the church or between weddings). To portray him in such vague terms is simply silly. It's also very much like the way Gandhi was portrayed in the movie with Ben Kingsley - only the facts that made him almost superhuman were emphasized. Hell, now that I think about it, that's the problem with most religious films - they're usually one-dimensional, trivial, and bland. Let's have a full and complete movie of these men - one that will stick to facts and not emotional appeals. <br /> <br /> Now if you can ignore the fact that you will not learn much about the faith or your second leader, the film is quite enjoyable. It was obvious that someone from 20th Century Fox really cared about the film, as they had a wonderful cast of top actors (Tyrone Power), new actors (Linda Darnell, Jane Darwell and Vincent Price) and wonderful actors (Dean Jagger, John Carradine and Brian Donlevy). The film also had wonderful footage and lots of brilliance. Just did not have much to tell us beyond all "swell". In addition, there were many factual errors and some simply stupid scenes. Some of the errors include Young taking command immediately after Joseph Smith's death (three years later), no mention of the various Mormon denominations and dissident groups, talk of "gold in California" - even if it was 1847 and gold would not be discovered until 1948 , as well as no specific mention of polygamy or Smith's many wives. Only meaningless scenes include Carradine pulling a gun and waving at the court scene - and no one seemed to care - even if it was a very hostile audience! Do not you think at least the judge would tell him to save and stop threatening people with it ?! <br /> <br /> A final comment. I do not repeat, I do not watch this movie when it is shown in American Movie Classics (a great season that has sank a lot in recent years). Although I am critical of the film because of its simplistic message, I was horrified by the church's complete disrespect for the church and its traditions. What I mean is that. The film was punctuated with ads for penis enlargement formulas as well as tons of pop-ups (some advertise a show featuring the "sexiest cast"). Talk about disrespectful and gross and I would be so offended if they did it for any other religious movie. In doing so, they not only insult the faith but also marginalize their market - after all, who is hearing about these things and the life of Brigham Young? Is this a movie in this way that you can show your children or recommend to others?
