Nahhh! Leila (Grace Mills) is a teenage girl linked to Satan (and LSD) by her archeologist Richard. There is a cult of the neighborhood hippie demon in the old decrepit castle where Leila and Richard drink blood, play drugs, participate in sex orgies, dance in psychedelic rock, and attend mass ceremonies where guys wear pants, masks and cloaks and women use nothing. Unfortunately, this kind of extracurricular activity left Leila open to the demonic possession of the dreaded "spirit of evil." Leila also comes from a broken family, which also does not help. His older brother, John, is a recluse who seems to be in love with her. His mother Patricia (Maria Perschy) is depressed because she thinks she was responsible for her father's death. On top of that, her sister (Maria Kosti) is a semi pro golfer slut called (sigh!) Debbie Gibson. There is a lot of hired help too to waste more time. Two maids (a young woman who takes off her clothes and an old woman who spies on everyone), besides Udo (Luis Induni), a voyeurist handyman who spies on Leila to change clothes, takes pictures of her naked and flees to the pool house to take a look at your newly used swimsuit. Oh, yes, and Borg, the German shepherd pet. <br /> <br /> Paul Naschy is the priest Adrian Dunning, the priest who doubts he begins gossiping after John and Richard have heads twisted back. Leila tells him "They say I'm perverse and I'll prove it's true!" During her birthday party, she tells her guests "You make me sick! I hate you all!" and when the mother suggests that a doctor come, she shouts "I do not want to see that fat ass!" Debbie suggests that they commit Leila to a "sanitarium", but Leila runs away and joins the cult again. She is rescued (again) and brought back home (for the third time). <br /> <br /> At this point in the movie, it's only ten minutes to go, and all we've basically seen is boring scenes of characters talking and whining about how terrible and frightening their lives are and how Leila is acting strangely. It's almost so agonizing to go through an Andy Milligan movie, except the blood and laughter. But finally, during the last minutes, we have the movie that the title implies - a film of possession type EXORCISTA. Unfortunately, the best part is the contact lenses Leila uses. Some cheap time lapse cuts appear on her arms, legs and face, she gets rough lips and her eyes take on the appearance of blue and white polka dots. She begins to smell rotten flesh, spits out a little dirt, begins to speak with the voice of her dead father, enters her mother's bedroom, patting her and calling her a "filthy prostitute bitch." Next comes Father Adrian, who now believes she is really possessed, pushes away her seductive attempts, hallucinates frogs and eels in the kitchen, and washes Leila with holy water. The doors open and close, a mirror breaks, there is a sudden thunder, and its bed rises from the floor. After she tackles Dunning and the two descend the stairs, the spirit is out of it and in - guess who? Why, Borg, the family dog! The demon dog then turns to Adrian and chews him a bit before impaling him into a firepower. So we have one of the most annoying final shots ever made for filming. It's Leila on the floor, going from her hideous appearance back to her normal sexy self. But then there is another time-lapse effect that seems to suggest that the demon possibly returned to his body. It's so poorly done, you really have no idea what to do with it, which is the final slap in the face of those who just realized that they lost an hour and a half in this useless POS. <br /> /> Screwed the contacts, 1 of 10 is.
