I feel like a genius; I feel like I'm the one who saw through this fake movie. I watched it three times, once with comments, and I found myself getting annoyed with all the close-ups, every time the screen turns black, and worst of all, I feel like the movie never really solves anything. Yes, the priest dies, but he did not really look at peace with the city that gave him so much pain, or with himself. That and he was an idiot. If it had not been for Peter Cowie's commentary, which explained not only the movie, but the book where it came from, I could not have endured anything. I like French films, but this is completely absurd. <br /> <br /> The Diary of a Country Priest is filmed in beautiful black and white photographs, but that alone can not save this deadly tripe. Scene after scene of extreme close-ups, where the characters say nothing until the camera cuts and goes to a black out, DO NOT make an interesting or relevant story. As this movie has already become a classic is incomprehensible: this reminds me more of Emperor's New Clothes. <br /> <br /> Yes, the performance of Claude Laydu is sincere and thought-provoking, if you are a sadist, but this film left me. I feel empty because, in general, it is a weak impression of the Catholic priesthood, which is a ignoble and inglorious institution of corruption. The young priest's triumph over the countess's pride is a faint scene, but 90% of the film will drag him down with his sombre insight and window into the young priest's melancholy thoughts. This priest is not so much humble as simply pitiful. Being that I do not speak or understand French, I was eager to do the SUBTITLE thing in English to help understand the film. Well, sometimes it is impossible to see / read the SUBTITLE in English and the text goes so fast that there was not much I could not read (and I am not a particularly slow reader - I just finished Dostoevsky in three days). <br /> <br /> I really wanted to like this movie. I experience everything that is "chosen" by the Criterion Collection, and I still can not see why, in many ways, it deserves some kind of critical nod. However, I sat through this two-hour movie to feel some kind of empathy for the main character, and it never materialized. He looked just like a victim and not a fighter. And for that, I say it stinks.
