... You can not exactly push her out of the way, because she's old; and if you were being charitable, you could say that the heavy step with which she walks along is not really her fault. However, in these circumstances, it's hard not to get angry when you find yourself dragging your heels in your way. So it is with "The Pallbearer," an attempt to do something "different" with a romantic comedy that, in this way, is mostly paralyzed because the place is totally wrong; more or less like showing off his 'breakdancing' skills at a grandfather's funeral. <br /> <br /> To further magnify the metaphor (perhaps recklessly!); like the old lady, one begins to feel with the montage of the film that its death can not be far. Certainly this particular "death" is agonizingly prolonged, slowly grinding out our reserves of empathy in small increments, for depressingly we come to the conclusion that the process is only moving in one direction: Downhill. His laborious attempts at 'humor' can be seen a mile away - again, not unlike the cruel inevitability of death! Returning once again to the image of 'dragging the heels', the main character, Tom, is shown to relentlessly repeat this action throughout his life. If there are, in fact, degrees of 'pathetic', then this sap is possibly quite a few points ahead of Schwimmer's other - more famous - role. Finding yourself in the uncomfortable position of having to align the public's sympathies with an even more "clueless" character than Ross is certainly a difficult question even for a comic artist like Schwimmer, but I think he can criticize himself for Associate yourself with some seriously "eco-friendly" situations in the first place. <br /> <br /> How will he escape his most famous interpretation if he is choosing scripts where the characters could be almost "interchangeable" even if the situations are not? A man with a long-standing passion for someone he has not seen in years. Sound familiar ...? Paltrow is nothing but insipid in her role of "Rachel," but all of this overcoming the old ground might be forgivable if the remarkable DIFFERENCES present were not so incongruous either. Unfortunately, the romantic element is so worn out that it's exhausting, and the "backdrop" is so inadequate that it seems like the best way to describe the resulting film is as "hard" ...! 2/10
