This British-Spanish co-production is one of the numerous films filmed in Spain in the wake of the unexpected phenomenal success enjoyed by the Italian "spaghetti" lighthouse and, as is typical of such genre efforts, features an eclectic variety of established and emerging artists. International stars: Robert Shaw, Telly Savalas, Stella Stevens, Martin Landau, Fernando Rey, Michael Craig, Lettieri Dudley, Sutton Dudley, Antonio Mayans, etc. Ironically, however, this incoherent confusion of a film serves as a shining example that most American film genres have become an endangered species in the 1970s and nowadays is virtually extinct (or officially?). <br /> <br /> I really wanted to like this movie, not only because western is one of my favorite types of movies, but also because it had all the qualities, including an intriguing premise, to be a good one - not to mention the fact that my father had bought a paperback edition of A TOWN CALLED BASTARD's novel after its original version. facility! As it turns out, the only virtue of the movie (if indeed it can even be called) is its sheer eccentricity: for example, Stevens, throwing a widow for revenge against the man who betrayed her revolutionary husband, sleeps inside a coffin! ) driven in a chariot by his idiotic servant (?) Sutton; Savalas, like a bloodthirsty renegade, who at first seems to be the main villain of the film, is dispatched unceremoniously by his own henchman Lettieri early in the picture; the villain of the play then turns out to be Landau who, in the first scene of the film, is seen looting side by side our legendary hero who turned Father Shaw! Fernando Rey, playing a blind peasant, is the only one who can identify the rebel Shaw who, in the end, turns out to be just a facade to ... well, never mind! As you can see, the plot is very confusing and gets weirder from there! The production team responsible for this film also lagged behind other Western recipes around the same time period, such as CUSTER OF THE WEST (1967), RIO BAD MAN'S (1971), CAPTAIN APACHE (1971) and PANCHO VILLA (1972 ).
