I'm amazed at how much praise is accrued in this movie by other commentators. For me, it was a disappointment, especially the combination of historical facts, fantasy and inner turmoil of the main character does not work (in Vonnegut's book, Slaughterhouse Five, and even in George Roy Hill's adaptation to the screen). Credibility is often overwhelmed. Many questions are left open. Have I missed some central points? Or I could not identify the lines that supposedly connect the dots? <br /> <br /> A boy named Campbell Jr. grows up in New York. At home, your father has many technical documents and a book. There are pictures of piles of corpses in it. The boy leafs through the book, his father does not like him to do it. What should that tell me? The family moves away from northern New York to Berlin. BANG It is 1938, the boy is a married man in Berlin and a theatrical playwright. What kind of pieces does he write? In what language? Is he successful? His wife is an actress and looks glamorous. Parents return to the US and invite their child to do the same. He no. Because? Because he grew up in Germany, does he feel more German than American? Why is he successful? Because his wife is? Because he likes his life there? Why does he like the Nazis? Why is he just lazy and does not like change? Do not ask me. <br /> <br /> Possibly, the man simply does not care, is not interested in politics, is a kind of existentialist. He states that he is deeply in love with his wife. He speaks of his Republic of Two (which means he and his wife). There is little or no evidence proving his love for his wife in the film, it seems much more of a Republic of One. At the request of an American agent Campbell, Jr., agrees to convey anti-Semitic Nazis hate propaganda to American listeners as a device to transmit encrypted messages to American authorities who read between the lines. The crucial meeting with the agent on a Berlin park bench is short, uninteresting and anti-climatic, the decision to play together comes easily without any explanation, the rise to the station seems to be monotonous and seemingly fast. <br /> <br /> So now we have Campbell Jr., aired as the last free American. The scheme for transmitting secret messages is quite realistic and exciting - although one wonders what happened when Campbell, Jr., really and honestly had to cough, sob, etc. (must have messed up the messages terribly). Anyway, the Nazis lose, the wife dies (on tour in the Crimea for German troops - I've never heard that such excursions actually happened on the German front lines in World War II), Campbell Jr. says he goes forward Russian but is not going, is captured by an American soldier who recognizes his mug (how?), is dragged for a sightseeing tour in Auschwitz, is then released and resettled with the help of Crucial Agent somewhere in New York City. <br /> And this is where the story really begins <br /> <br /> BANG. From now on, it's like a tale by Paul Auster. It is 1961, Campbell, Jr., lives in New York as one has been and regrets the loss of his wife. No one really cares - or do they? Yes, somehow they do, and their neighbors offer some kind of distraction. Survivors of Auschwitz. A painter. Some American supremacists discover "he and they want him to be their figurehead." They even find his presumed dead wife for him, or is she his wife? Anyway, in the end Campbell Jr. calls at the Israeli consulate, and they kindly give him the treatment of the Great War Criminals, placing him in the cell adjacent to Adolf Eichmann, he writes his life story and, once this task is finished, hangs on the typewriter tapes without getting sooty. While I can see that there must be a matter of guilt and loss, I just got the impression that the main character is a person who at all times is quite indifferent to everything and hardly able to love someone I found it hard to sympathize with this loser who mourns his loss. Incredibly, many critics have focused on his status as a potential war hero, having put his reputation at risk by playing Last Free American. However, the film suggests that by accepting the task, Campbell created a win-win situation for himself, since he would be politically on the safe side, no matter who won the war. The danger of it being discovered never appears during the first part of the story. <br /> <br /> We could argue that the whole story is a dreamlike fantasy and that no one should bother with historical precision or with a logical development of the story that accounts for everything. But even so, it makes no sense at first, I suspect, because the love affair in the Republic of the Two falls completely. This is a shame, especially if you consider that the wife was played by Sheryl Lee, a talented, versatile and sensual actress. She has very little time on the screen and is forced to wear a ridiculous German accent. Another neglected aspect is somehow the different texts (confession, transmission and hidden messages), but I think this is largely non-applicable. Maybe I should give the book a try.
