You can call it a flop, and that one is too big! Quality is not associated with the words National Lampoon, but at least the entries from Vacation and Animal House were fun, but that offer has to be the most idle feature I've ever seen. Ugh! The three-piece story frankly tries to parody the cliches and stereotypes that have flooded Hollywood's genre films, which turns out to be a completely dull and crude scum. <br /> <br /> "Growing in yourself." Jason, a corporate lawyer, decides to quit his job and separate himself from his wife so they can both grow up and do what they've always wanted to do. It's life, as Jason sees it and he takes control of his children, but his decision to follow this path may not be right. <br /> <br /> Talk about lead, boring and rigid. There's only real interest in the little performance of the lovely Diane Lane. The satirical element here seems to be pointing to something rather than just handing it over. The silly humor is tense, flat and particularly meaningless. Peter Riegert retains the lead role in the lead role and Teresa Ganzel bubbles in her role. "Success Wanters" - After finishing the collage, Dominique Corsair gets a job as a stripper and is raped with a little butter. by the presidents of the Dairy Company. For the return, she is interested in the margarine industry and practically reaches the top. Probably the best of the three, but the competition was not very good. I want to go more subtle with their sexual tone and power oriented, but they still feel more tacky and forced. The idea had something promising and inventive to build, but the languid rhythm begins to wear out to the end and the disastrous dialogue does not humor tries, but more often does not leave despite the hunger. The seductive Ann Dusenberry is quite cool and manipulative everywhere (well after the ordeal) and likes to gracefully strip all that. Even the little stripper looks to be exercising for the initial half of the story, appearing in small appearances by Dick Millar, Mary Woronov, Olympia Dukakis, Fred Willard, Robert Culp and Joe Spinell. "Municipalians" - a serial killer who leaves copies of his driver's license behind after each murder, is being traced by an enthusiastically naive rookie cop and his old gray-haired partner. However, the young police officer learns that being tough is the only way to go when the two find one situation after another. <br /> <br /> Stupid! Oh yeah. Of course, if you will fake something extremely exaggerated, make sure that the laughter will be played. Obviously, they forgot that! Even in his 30-minute race, the boy sweeps! Robby Benson's mocking performance was rather arrogant with Richard Widmark, who suffered very little as a partner. Christopher Lloyd underestimates the role of serial killer, but his weird and humorous performance works well and pretty much shows the other clues. Elisha Cook Jr., Rhea Perlman and Harry Reems appear. When the jokes arrive, they really feel out of sync and get a little bored with the repeatability of making fun of these clichés of cops. <br /> <br /> All in all, the stupid stuff tied up with his sketches seems disposable, and the unbearable script is basically inept and meaningless. Only one or two gags can get out of each segment, but in fact there are many cheap stinkers or simple bugs that get in your head. This is because it practically becomes what he is trying to ridicule and this basically shows in every story. That loses sight. The performances range from warm to cold, but who can not deny the embarrassment he felt on most faces. The first taste of director Bob Giraldi is insipid to "Growing in Oneself", but "Success Wanters" showed some small flourishes of little effectiveness. Henry Jaglom does a labouredly worn work on "Municipalians". Rick Meyerowitz's lively drawings, which open the film, are carefully planned and begin to define style and humor. <br /> <br /> This low-brow comedy is suppressed by overdoing it, with key stakeholders being derivative of the film. family appearances. But really, it pays to go through this pessimistic and restless mania just to see them. Well, this is up to you.
