I laughed a few times during this movie. I laughed out loud while acknowledging the company's margarine delivery (pun intended). <br /> <br /> There are three segments in this movie. The first is a kind of "woman" grows and launches career films. The Tampax® box was the funniest thing in this segment. Most cast members are not listed here on IMDb. They are the lucky ones. Few other people will be able to connect this thing to the ruin of their acting careers. <br /> <br /> The second segment is a parody of "shark woman" movies that sleeps to the top and takes control of gigantic movies. Robert Culp has several funny moments, all physical humor, including the above-mentioned delivery. After his character dies, the segment sinks deeper and deeper as Dominique Corsaire climbs higher and higher. By the time she becomes first lady I wanted to tear off the cable from the TV and watch "snow." I switched to Pakistani music videos. I do not understand Urdu, or whatever language the videos were in. It was still better than hearing the dialogue in this painfully tedious "story." Elisha Cook, Jr., Christopher Lloyd, Rhea Perlman, Henny Youngman, Julie Kavner, Richard Widmark, and ... * Robby Benson. * This is to be a parody of "The young police officer is opposed to an older, substance-hardened police officer who needs bad films for retirement." * The horizontal flash bar in the police car is very impressive. interesting to see old RTD buses, a sign of Shell's gas station and a sign of American Savings - none of them is any closer.Never stop anywhere you might have to get out of the car. "Nagurski made me smile momentarily. they discuss how the young cop is boring.Many, from one side to the other, as he is boring.This was as annoying as this description of how annoying Nagurski's Law Number Four, "Never go into a music store which was cut with an acetylene torch, "made me think that the music store is a real deal at the actual location that the dispatcher gave." Thinking about it was more interesting than the gag setup that followed. takes a He becomes a hardened cop like Nagurski. The segment keeps going. And so on. And on and on. Will not stop. It rolls relentlessly forward, no matter how many times you wish it to simply * die * already, then this thing will end. Do not do. It continues and continues ... So an episode of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", which I've seen four times, is coming. Thank God! This abysmal film ended while I went to get the email.
