If the term itself were not geographically and semantically insignificant, one could refer to "Ned Kelly" as an "Australian Westerner." For the Down Under people, Ned Kelly was apparently a bandit of popular heroes resembling Robin Hood, Jesse James, Bonnie and Clyde, and Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid. The descendant of Irish immigrants, Kelly became a fugitive and an outlaw after he was falsely accused of firing on an Australian law enforcement officer, a crime for which his equally innocent mother was placed in prison. To return to the government for this mistreatment, Kelly, his brother Dan and two other companions became notorious bank robbers, conquering the hearts of many people in the countryside while delivering a coup for justice in a land where Irish immigrants were often treated with disrespect and disdain for those who administered the country. <br /> <br /> Maybe because we've encountered this "gentleman villain" scenario so many times in the past, "Ned Kelly" feels terribly familiar and unoriginal. pays homage to any number of stereotypes and clichés of the genre on their way to the inevitable confrontation. Ned is the typical violator of the golden heart who only kills when forced to do so, and yet with the deepest sorrow. He also has the pulse of the common people, as when, in the midst of a bank robbery, he returns a valuable watch to one of the patrons after a member of his gang punched him so incoherently. What movie about this particular subject did not present a scene like that? They are acts of selective generosity like this, of course, that give you the love and respect of all the little people who come to secretly admire anyone who can get away with the powers and the status quo. Geoffrey Rush plays the typical dumb-ass agent of the law, who feels a personal interest in overthrowing this creator of troublemakers who keeps getting out of service. There's even the inevitable episode where one of the girls being insured walks into the next room and has sex with one of the thieves, so she's excited about the romantic attitude of the criminal lifestyle. And the movie is filled with a banal scene like this one after another. <br /> Heath Ledger can not distinguish himself in the title role, providing little in substance to make his character interesting or engaging. It does not help that he has been forced to provide a monotonous narration that emphasizes the sanctity and pretense of the character and the film. "Ned Kelly" may have a role as a lesson in Australian history, but as entertainment, it's just the same old story told with different accents.
