I had heard some bad things about Cabin Fever almost as much as I heard the cultish hype. In fact, the first movie of the new entrepreneur Eli Roth, is just an effort with falling IQ points as the film progresses. There are worse movies out there, and certainly more bloody (although I'm not sure how the hype-meter got so high in the Hostel blood count, there's a fair amount for fans of the genre here). The premise is also not necessarily bad: the children go to a cabin during a week of partying, only to come across a very sick man, covered in blood, who in panic burned. He ends up dead in the water that feeds the reservoir, and soon all the characters succumb to the carnivorous virus in one way or another. The characters, or the top college kids (including Rider Strong as the hero and James DiBello as the front bar) or the support staff of the "village" are archetypal to the point of inertia, if not painfully. <br /> <br /> As they meet their fates, the townspeople get very strange, and this seems to be played in a non-sensible way without the many laughs; 'Pancakes kid' comes out of nowhere, and may have been funnier in another movie or in itself, but in the context of the rest of the movie, it just does not work. There is also a young police character who is even dumber and less convincing than the others. And the family that goes after DiBello after an incident has some possibilities that are not realized. But all the time, Roth raises his common-sense script through the window and it freaks out and fights with people hacking blood on each other and a killer dog rambling. That is not all for not too. Now, unlike minor or even smaller Troma horror movies of the '70s or' 80s - for which I'm sure Roth is a die-hard fan - he does not make it unattainable. It's also smart to have no explanation of where the virus comes from. <br /> <br /> But unlike these movies, he also has no good idea of ​​what makes the great times of terror are exaggerated. His film tries this, of course, and just once or twice it makes it a silly and bloody time (I liked the random bunny that Strong sees while lying on the stretcher). It's not even badly filmed most of the time (though with your own artificially red style choices in the lens or that story with the bowler). It simply contains many illogical scenarios and choices made (shave your legs with a deadly virus, uh-huh), and it points to quite typical terrain. If this is your cup of tea, more power for you. But in the end I found it to be a non-exceptional genre territory that does not offend the sensibilities of the audience but is not as clever as a movie B. Roth also has the audacity to finish the movie with a true note of "what the hell" , as the bearded Santa Claus clerk at the beginning of the movie serves a bunch of blacks. It could work if he went with something better, or if he left him completely. The same could be said for much of the film. W-
