The premise of Cabin Fever begins as if it could have something to offer. A group of university teenagers after the finals (in the fall?) Goes to a hut in the woods where, one by one, they are attacked by an inveterate virus that eats meat. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the first paragraph is where any remote elements of movie quality stop. Cabin Fever is little more than a college kid looking for sex, drinking, chatting endlessly for nothing, and seeing how many F-bombs can get in 1:40 minutes or how long this mess lasts. <br /> <br /> Children act and react stupidly to everything around them. One, for example, discovers that the skin virus has infected her legs, so what does she do? She continues to scrape her legs, failing to pay proper medical attention to the wounds. The scene is little more than rudeness. In another scene, Boy Meets World's Rider Strong is bitten in the hand by a boy who only says "Pancakes" and likes to make karate kicks in who sits next to him. If you can find out why the boy "Pancakes" was included, I'd love to know. Anyway, Rider pampers a wild dog and goes out to wash his bite hand in a probably contaminated creek. Another kid likes to drop the bombs in reacting to everything around him and shoot the squirrels. Because? Your guess is as good as mine! <br /> <br /> Rider Strong is the only kid with any recognition in this movie. He tries to calm people between screams and screams and F *** Y **! bombs that people are throwing around. When the kids are not yelling, they are either having sex or talking nonsense to the other adult characters who are EVEN MORE (if that's possible) idiots than the kids! The idiot cop with an IQ of 60, at best, could be one of the WORST acting jobs I've ever seen in a movie. You talk about people who do not play with a full deck, that idiot does not even know how to find the cards! I LAUGHED A LOT! I was like, "Will you PLEASE shut up already?!" It makes child actors look like geniuses! The only part I enjoyed was Rider's scary story (albeit bloody) about the crazed bowling guy. In interviews, Rider said he had a lot of respect for director Eli Roth. But the problem is that Mr. Roth seems to be going for little more than shock and gore. There are many bad things about this movie for Mr. Roth to get any credit. I wish I could agree with Rider and find something nice about this movie. Maybe the autumn scenery at the beginning? In fact, Rider Strong JUST saves this movie from being a 1! With luck, he was compensated for this rubbish!
