I really do not know if the Cabin Fever is a joke or a movie ... But as far as I know, it's a lot closer to being a joke than anything else. A few years ago, the horror film community decided to take a new step and make fun of the genre, giving birth to the Scream series. A list was given in Scream of all the stupid things that horror movie characters make predictable, and the characters in Scream ended up doing exactly the same things, which added a lot of humor and irony to this analysis of the genre, and led to the expectation that the horror films from now on would show a little different, full of irony about the genre, self-derision about the film itself, or at least different in its dramatic process than all the "old" "that responded to the film. even tired criterion. On seeing "Cabin Fever," unfortunately, many will see how little original, serious, pretentious, boring and even scary, some supposedly "scary" movies are now even a few years later. First of all, this movie has no originality in a way that few others do. It has been said several times, how little imagination terror directors have today, remaking reworking foreign sequences, but putting the film in a hut in the woods does not seem to be a "tribute" to anything, seems to be simply a ripoff. Anyone who wants to be surprised by other factors in the story of the movie will not be: again, we are dealing with a movie whose characters are all in their early twenties, who do not rationally think when placed in front of a problem rather than discuss for hours and pick fights than to try to think and do something about it. There is not much emotion there either. For the umpteenth time in a horror movie, they are tempted to kiss, make love and basically have fun, all sorts of things that do not really make them different from any other horror movie victim seen previously. Secondly, this movie is unimaginably serious. Each situation in which the characters are, every dialogue, every situation in the film is treated with such seriousness that any spectator with a little scorn will be relieved when some characters finally end up dying. Nothing in the way the film is directed, written or acted shows any hint of humor or sarcasm, which is rather surprising considering that the film is about an invisible-never-heard-before-eating-flesh meat (not laughing, please) . I'm not even going to talk about acting, since there are no actors in this movie. The cast was certainly hired as the director's friend or neighbor. Third, and this will impress anyone who has ever seen a "good" horror film before, the script is absolutely empty. Nothing really happens, some actions are repeated several times ("let's try to get help!"), Nothing makes sense, be it in the facts, in the psychology of the characters, or even in the last hilarious sequence of the movie, which is probably supposed to be funny according with the director and screenwriters. In the end, I'll just note that a horror movie must have something scary about it. Gallons of fake blood, whether they are vomited, squirted out of severed limbs or simply dripping with wounds, were never enough to scare an audience. Such key features as script, ideas and even cruelty are requested for anyone who has thrown into something scary. If I had not considered it to be a total failure, I would have agreed that the film has a talent: it is disgusting to see. However, being afraid and being afraid are two very different feelings, let it be known. <br /> <br /> I would like to encourage someone a little curious or interested in watching this movie to check out old horror movies, why not the 60's, 70's, 80's, films made by Wes Craven, Dario Argento, Sam Raimi, Stanley Kubrick, David Lynch, Roger Corman, William Lustig, John Carpenter ... can not only give a good definition of what is scary, or self-ironic terror, but also convince viewers that "new" is not necessarily "better". A good example related to the film is the few tracks that composer Angelo Badalamenti made available for this film, although they are unmistakably close to their previous compositions, they are below anything he has done before.
