Anyone who has read my review of Uwe Boll's "Alone In The Dark," will remember that I compared the unenviable task of going through that piece of human trash to have all the hairs on your arm ripped out. Well, take this analogy one step further with this unrecoverable garbage and try to imagine the pain of extracting your teeth without novacaine. Do this, and you'll get a general idea of ​​what Eli Roth's "Cabin Fever" is. <br /> <br /> I never believed that a movie was able to overcome the pure and agonizing fate that Uwe Boll does. as the "worst movie ever made." But in all honesty, I have to say that "Cabin Fever" comes very close. This is yet another sad excuse for a movie that had absolutely no valid reason to meet any form of theatrical release. For someone who claims to love the horror genre as much as Eli Roth, he created the most annoying and complicated patchwork of a movie I've ever seen in my life. How do you spoil a story like that? Think of the potential that this plot would have without the poorly written characters, without the bad writing, and without all this unnecessary and unfunny comedy. A film about a carnivorous and grotesque virus could and should have been much better than what Roth did for us here. This script failed on many levels with me. And although I do not doubt the obvious talent that this director possesses, I know that he was very much in the way of an idea that might well have redefined the horror genre. <br /> <br /> To say that this was the production of lost opportunities would indeed be a rude play of words. A generous amount of blood and disturbing special effects can not even save him, and that's one element I usually choose. There really was nothing about "Cabin Fever" which I could easily recommend to anyone. When three-quarters of the audience leaves the movie theater halfway, you know the movie is sinking fast. My best advice for those reading this would simply be rent before buying. One sight was more than enough for me to know that I'll probably never bother with her again.
