Those of you who, like me, were disappointed with the original 1995 horror lament, "The Fear" will find more to be disappointed with this little sequel. It is something that follows a similar storyline, but it is impossible to connect to the original, with the exception of the presence of Morty the monster mannequin made of wood. Here is a brief summary. <br /> <br /> Twenty years after Mike Hawthorne (Gordon Currie in a decent performance) witness his father brutally murder his mother and then take his own life, Mike is still suffering from the fear of that day. Hoping to rid his fear, Mike takes his girlfriend and a bunch of friends to his grandparents' house. His plan is for everyone to wear costumes that represent their fears and present fears to the Morty Mannequin. According to an Indian friend, this process should magically take away someone's fear. What Mike does not know is that Morty is possessed by the spirit of his father, and begins to kill his friends ... or is Mike himself killing? Who cares? <br /> <br /> Some problems with this movie. The first lie with Morty. I thought the original made Morty seem pretty convincing. This time it is painfully obvious that Morty is a man (actor Jon Fedele) in a fake costume. This can be seen especially in the early scenes, where Morty is still supposed to be inanimate, but if you look closely you can see him blinking. Another problem is that most of the characters do not try hard enough. Some of them, Betsy Palmer, on Friday the 13th, which was excellent in this movie. But most of them do not make the effort or did not have the chance. Finally, there are the murders. The opening scenes involving ax killings were very convincing. In fact, when I saw them, I thought I was in a good movie. When the second half of the movie arrives and the murders really begin, everything falls apart. The killings are either creative, invisible or predicted (glimpses of the next scene as Currie has a blackout). A character dies at the end and no one, including the viewer, even realizes. Although more characterization was needed in the beginning, it was not so bad. The second half was. I think the new director Chris Angel got to that point and did not really know how to shoot the violent scenes, so they became really sloppy and pedestrian. A foolish ending also does not help. So, unless you really loved the original and have fun ripping splinters from underneath your skin, you should probably skip "The Fear 2: Halloween Night." Zanatos Score: 4 out of 10.
