Attack Force has a horrible title, and it almost certainly can be judged by its horrible cover, because the movie is horrible! A mishmash of tangles, a mess and a horribly stagnant rhythm make the film difficult to watch from beginning to end. I got it and I'm proud. As a fan of Seagal's work (for most of his old days), it is painful to see him star in this foolishness. The last half dozen True Seagal movies have sucked a lot, but some of them at least had some redeeming features. Attack force is a mess. From conception to delivery, this film has undergone many changes, from an alien plot line up to the current one on a highly addictive super drug, about to be unleashed in Romanian (the film has several scenarios, none of which is Romanian but all resembling Romania because they are in Romania!) population. The film is tackled together with little regard for the state in which the original screenplay was filmed. Plotting holes and loose ends are abundant in the film, for sure. This has been a problem in the last Seagal movies as well, but the result has never been so annoying. There is an entire plot about the water supply being poisoned with CTX (which is the legal name of the drugs) that is never solved! <br /> <br /> Of course, in recent years the plot has not been the main attraction of the Seagal canon, so there was a heavy burden on the other departments, especially the action. Before considering the action, all other departments are poor. The direction is weak, or perhaps better, made to look poor. Who knows how director Michael Keusch originally intended this movie? Between him finishing his work, re-filming by stuntman Tom Delmar and editing, a coherent author's vision is completely lost. The best way to describe the movie is that it's all over the store! Cinematography is monotonous, almost inducing sleep, while scandal (sounding as if it were produced on cheap cheap synthesizers) does nothing to excite things. The cast is also poor, unable to save anything here. Seagal seems bored beyond recognition, and is nicknamed through much of the picture, clearly when plot points are being altered. He seems tired and overweight, and lethargic, contrary to what he saw in previous photos too (noteworthy as the above mentioned were the main complaints in recent Seagal photos). The only member of the redeemable cast is Adam Croasdell as one of the villains, making it a slippery British routine. He seems to be a setback for the alien plot, because he is playing inhuman. It looks like a cross between a body thief and a vampire (idem to the main villain played by some hot girl who appears at the time, apparently waiting for her husband? Dracula). <br /> <br /> Finally the action. Well, he's poor. Poorly conceived, poorly filmed. Also there is not much, and there is even less with Seagal. Stevo does not really bring the stunt here, because there is very little to do. There is even a long (repetitive and boring) action scene that occasionally intersperses with small Seagal flashes because Seagal clearly was not there while the scene was being filmed, and they wanted him to appear on the scene. action scene. Seagal eventually appears in person to shoot two guys in the head. Seagal has a producer credit here and a script credit, but from what I understand the film has been altered on its back to the current state. Seagal apparently will not be working with these people again, or with the Castel Studio, which continues to deliver horrifically sub-Nu-Image (which is saying something) material. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is one to avoid if you are not a Seagal fan. Seagal fans can also be sure, knowing the great man probably will not want to do something that bad again. Unfortunately, his next film, which has already been filmed with the same people, promises to be even worse than that. *
