As far as I can understand, TIW WATCHER is the first work of a young director. My question is whether this is the work of a normal guy who happens to love movies or if it is the work of a film student, since there is a reference to the School of Arts of Porto in the final credits. <br /> <br /> However, the director Ricardo Pinho demonstrates with this film a total ignorance of some basic notions about the cinema. What is a movie? How to tell a story? Never mind, for the newbie director. One of the first things you learn at school when you study film is how to tell a story. You learn that, just as in novels, in movies you must also build your story in three acts: introduction, development, and conclusion. You learn that your story must have a protagonist and an antagonist and that there must be a climax. You learn that this holds true for a 3-hour epic, regular movie, short film, and even, believe it or not, for a 30-second commercial. You also learn that there can be levels of subtlety in your approach to academic structure and that ultimately you can even deconstruct it. In general terms, TIM WATCHER introduces us to his main character and then The Movie Ends - The entire movie sounds like the introduction of the characters in the AMÉLIE of Jeunet. There are no second or third acts in TIM WATCHER. This is not a parody or an art film, so you can not even try to justify disrespect for the academic structure. You are waiting to be told a story, and it does not happen. Worse than that, TIM WATCHER is defined as an alert; and one with no real purpose. It does not make sense, or at least is not valid. Your point is childlike, with a sense of revenge. The situations portrayed are absolutely simple and his approach is Manichean. <br /> <br /> I expected much more from this short period. The film opens with a pretty credit sequence and you soon realize that you are watching something with better production values ​​than the regular Portuguese short film. I do not know the budget for this movie, but judging from the thank-you list in the final credits, the merit should go to the production team for such good connections in a country where it's hard to have open doors for young filmmakers. <br /> <br /> The TIM WATCHER seems to be an exercise in style, color and carefully chosen plans combined with a good score. That is all. There's nothing else. There is no plot. And that's a shame because it seems like a waste of production values. Hardly, you can see in the regular Portuguese short such diversity of places and so many extras available to enrich a story. <br /> <br /> As absurd as the comparison may seem, I should mention BMW shorts as a good example of how you can tell a good story in a very short film, severely conditioned to the placement of products and elegant cinematography and exaggerated.
