I rented this because I'm a bit tired of NBC's 80's programming and apparently saved a lot of money. I have nothing against any of the actors and, to their credit, they do a good job, but this show is wrong due to the premise. <br /> <br /> We have a character that is unpleasant. He is full of flaws, not enlightened, and a complete idiot on a good day. However, the reason someone should care only is not there. While creating an American sitcom centered around a complete idiot is revolutionary and full of potential, it simply is not found here within this program. Most of the supporting characters are not a completely needy character, but rather a punching bag that wants the public's empathy for being punching bags. As in any sitcom, they are the most normal for the public to relate to, and in doing so they deny the main character in such a way that we see Bittinger being himself and harming people and they just stay there because .... why? There is no reason. Any normal person would simply have left the abuse. Keeping them there for no real reason - even the really unbelievable one given by Joanna Cassidy in the two-part special episode of abortion that has big problems - is where the show just melts. Simply believing that people bear this guy because they tell us that he has a heart of gold does not match the reality of the situation. If anything, this is not even dramatic. This is a poorly planned, conceived and executed premise that took a few moments, but overall found the fate it deserved. Someone had the guts to go out and get a good idea, but the execution is so random that it looks like a weird version of Jerry Springer's script, where someone is abused by that tyrant we should cheer because we are told to. A show like this requires a deft touch that the actors here could have provided easily, but somehow are not able to do so. And this is a fatal mistake that actually killed the program. <br /> <br /> Chalk for a show in its infancy. Regardless, the show is worth watching. But this really spoiled when trying to point to the stars, and made the whole venture not what it might have been.
