Descending as the most expensive film in Finnish history, to this day, "Dark Floors" is a horror film with an extremely lynchinian narrative that chronicles an increasingly decrepit series of "Floors" (ironically) in an abandoned hospital, in which our protagonists are trapped. Led by an autistic daughter and his father, himself disenchanted with the apparent lack of medical progress with his daughter, he enters an elevator debating the issue with one of the hospital nurses. Accompanied by a security guard, an entrepreneur and an apparently intoxicated hobo, the collective soon discovers that the complex is abandoned, but they are not alone. Directed by the Finnish-born Pete Riski, best known for his television work, "Dark Floors" is filmed in English, mainly using English actors, but has the notable inclusion of the undoubtedly most famous "Lordi" group (winners of the Eurovision 2006 contest). themselves, ie in their monstrous costumes, as the antagonists of the films, but for all this razzmatazz production fails where it is most needed, to convince the public. <br /> <br /> Any movie that has its main character use the phrase "it's too quiet" is already on a dubious path, and that horror influenced by Lordi does not break this convention. For all the good ideas that are thrown into the mix, there are a handful of ripe cliches on the side and, worst of all, anything that is interesting and original is not enough for it to resonate. The concept of degrading floors is initially highly ominous and provides a sense of inevitable disgrace as the public is aware that those trapped in the hospital must progress ever more in the mud. However, there is enough atmosphere created to scare and intimidate the public to the unknown fear, the viewer is aware that the journey will become increasingly dangerous, since the levels degenerate from bright white to infernal black, but I do not think the characters are aware enough of this fact to be menacing. In addition, the entire film taking place in what is essentially their own time bubble is again a very nice touch, a concept not often used in the horror genre, but the characters do not confront the situation with enough fear and trepidation when they encounter this fact , they continue on their business very promptly and without genuine concern enough for the idea to mean anything to the public. These initially good ideas are left to be wasted, as if the director and / or Mr. Lordi (who had many of the ideas used in the film) had these thoughts, but could not agree or decide how best to use them. and, as such, lose its purpose and point. <br /> <br /> However, despite all the frustration, there are large amounts of comedy, but not for the reasons the creators expected. Much is cliché, much is recycled and much is simply ridiculous. While the lead is amicably played by Noah Huntley, the characters are mere cardboard cutouts that have been glued to the history of other films. We have a leader doing everything possible to protect his daughter alongside a poorly developed love interest. Accompanying the "couple", we have the traditional black man as an intransigent security guard, with the almost endless clip for his gun, and a businessman who does not believe much, just lurking. Worst of all, though, unfortunately, is the introduction of Lordi's cast as the creatures of the night who plague our errant flock of misfits, but not for them appearing as themselves. What makes a horror movie scary to the audience is to contextualize fear. "The Shining" is scary because it's a member of your own family chasing you, in "Dawn Of The Dead" it's our fear of each other and the primordial cannibalism and irrational thinking patterns that zombies possess in "Alien "the fear is explained, the creature is rationalized and in" Dark Floors "there is none of it. It may be unfair to compare this production with these monoliths of the genre, but when you do this it turns out to be very pale and that the attackers seem nothing more than demented klingons where you can almost see the zipper of the costumes they wear without an accumulation of any "Lordi" atmosphere simply are not scary. <br /> <br /> It's annoying because we all twist for the underdog and expect them to do well, you want the smaller productions to say that they can create the same movie quality as "Hollywood" if it shakes in the same way which George A Romero started, but does not always materialize. I liked the movie and it did not feel like I wasted the ninety minutes I had just spent, but I felt pleasure on a completely hollow level, as if nothing that had happened cared or subconsciously, emotionally, or critically. I felt that the almost Lynchian narrative was a plus point, but it disappeared into nowhere. Why did this happen? What does that mean? Will they go through all this again? Without the slightest insight into what will happen, the film is simply intriguing to try to be artistic. Was the entire sequence of events real or merely a dream sequence? Had the autistic girl attended the Eurovision Song Contest 2006 and simply had a highly bizarre nightmare, given the stress she was suffering? Who knows? And unfortunately I can not work the energy to care. "Dark Floors" is an annoying experience that, while ultimately potential potential and at least shows a plethora of creative energies from Mr. Lordi, who perhaps should look to work alone to fully develop their ideas. It is one that fans of the group or the genre may have to follow but will leave you feeling left in the hand by not having enough light on the situation.
