Well, on the credit side (if you can say you have one), Timothy Hines was able to capture the original setting of H.G. Wells' remarkable novel. But beyond that - well, to call a shovel a shovel - sucks big. What Master Ed Wood could have done with the supposed $ 20 million budget! Timothy Hines really does Mr. Wood, who was an imperfect genius, looks like the best filmmaker of all time. The special effects (I think you would call them that) do not conform to the standards of computer games. The acting is perhaps comparable to the dinner theater, and the accents are atrocious. At the risk of sounding offensive, much of the performance of the main male characters is (especially Poor Ogilvy), well, ahem ,. . . GAY! Poor Ogilvy vibrates and wanders over the fake English countryside, waving his white asbestos scarf like a heat-resistant armor. Hey, the Stormtroopers in "Star Wars" also had good white armor and also did not work, they were still destroyed. Even when the Ogilvy and Company is fried by the Martian 'Heat Ray' (?), They shake and put on a strange kind of dance, even when they are theoretically dead and reduced to skeletons, which persist in indecorous dances and contortions. Maybe Timothy Hines rented the skeletons of Ray Harryhausen, left over from "Jason And The Argonauts". Or was it "Josie And The Pussycats"? Do not know. The soldiers, supposedly because they are "military", seem to explode in no convincing fashion, like the soldier of crutches and his unfortunate comrades carrying the litter directly behind him. Wow!! I loved! But all the "soldiers" looked like fascist troops of the Spanish Civil War, or Boer Commandos (which would be more or less correct for the period, maybe that was a bit of subtle subtleties on the part of that evil genius Hines). ?) Curiously, Curate's character looks exactly like it was drawn in Warwick Goble's original illustrations, and it also transforms into the most compelling acting job. Oh yeah. Do not forget the son of thunder. In the book, the warship is described as a torpedo-ram. It needed RAM enemy ships. However, her bow was crumpled after colliding with the Tinker-Toy built Martian War Machines, with a small irregular hole in the forepeak, and she sank. A rugged battleship like THUNDERCHILD could have attacked TITANIC and survived, but I think the Royal Navy was bound to the same lower-priced restrictions as our own military. The costumes are all wrong, especially the British Army and Police uniforms, assembled mainly from the USMC Alfas. And Timbo, in an obvious tribute to Western Films Of Yore, obviously put his film in the Wild Western England, because all his pilots are wearing western saddles. The accent used by almost everyone seems to be a mixture of some sort of Scottish regional accent used by the Macabre Clan, and magically delightful Irish accents from Malarky County. On the credit side, and contrary to what one critic wrote, the only genuine and authentic feature of this Thing is artillery. The guns are not from the Civil War, but appear to my eyes and research as British nine or 12 pounds, which are perfectly authentic for the period. So was the ammunition shown being used. But Artilleryman, who is a pilot at Artillery on Horseback, was not shown correctly by driving his limber. You do not sit in the fragile box and drive a team of guns, you ride the horses of the nearest wheel. The opening, using what I believe to be an authentic footage of a period, is good, and the punctuation is not bad. However, as far as I know, Weybridge never had an underground, and certainly did not do it in 1898. <br /> <br /> But growing up reading this novel, I'm very disappointed. Even more disappointed, then I was in Spielberg's zillion dollars, loaded version of special effects. Perhaps his version had profited by trading Anthony Piana for Tom Cruise and vice versa. I have a lot more to say, but I'll leave it for now: I'd like someone to make a BOM version of "War Of The Worlds" that's true to the original. Timmy's vision is good for a high school movie class, or maybe I should say pretentiously stupid to a college-level film student, and as bad as, the best I can say about it, but that's about it. Oh yeah. Just where was the budget? And what happened to Michael Caine? I would like to hear your comments! I have a suspicion that Timbo's breathtaking cinematic masterpiece "Orson Wood" may be the director's risky stardom ticket because, I must confess a guilty pleasure of watching this movie, what I did. I paid anyway but was carefully sent to me by a friend who recorded a DVD copy for me without any malicious intent that I was able to determine. I should add here that I found that the abbreviated, abbreviated version of Blackmoon was not only a great improvement, but an absolute pleasure, hysterically funny (in a good way) to observe. I find it difficult to watch Master Timbo's version after the Black Moon. Keep it up, Tim! Make your own version of "DUNE" now. Just wait for the hand of a master like you! And all your fools who hate Cloverfield? FORGET. CAN NOT BEAT TIMBO HINES ARTISTRY FOR SHEER'S HILARIOUS EXPERIENCE! HE MAKES A LIFE! TIMBO IS BAD THAN MASTER ED MADEIRA! I'M NOT KIDDING WITH YOU!
