Lordi was a huge exaggeration and revelation in 2007 because they won the Eurovision Song Contest with a (not so heavy) metal music called "Hard Rock Hallelujah" and appeared onstage as horrible monsters. But let's face it, their victory probably had very little to do with their great musical talents. The Eurovision contest gradually turned into a great political circus over the years and Lordi probably only won because the song finally brought a little change and ?? even more important - because his whole act kindly ingeniously invented the entire annual event. The last absolute thing that Lordi's first horror film brings (and hopefully last) is change and ingenuity. "Dark Floors," based on an idea by the singer and starring the rest of the band in supporting roles, is an accumulation of truly unimaginative and hopeless cliches. The immense budget ("Dark Floors" is supposed to be the most expensive Finnish film of all time) definitely ensures extremely macabre scenarios and impressive makeup, but what is the point where there is no story worth telling? The film is set in a busy hospital where a group of people, including a father and his young daughter with an unidentifiable illness, get caught in the elevator during a power outage. When the doors open again, the floors are empty and it looks like the hospital has been abandoned for many years. Trying to reach the exit, the group encounters a number of morbid and unexplained obstacles, such as corpses without eyes, screaming ghosts and heavy metal monsters emerging from the ground. The only three points I'm distributing for "Dark Floors" are exclusively intended for the setting and proper tension building during the first half of the film. While sinister events do not require an explanation, the atmosphere is rather scary, but as soon as you realize the explanation a) it will be very stupid or b) it will never come, the healthy simply collapses like an unstable house of cards. Lordi's costumes have never really been scary to begin with (except perhaps for traditional Eurovision fans), and in combination with a story more reminiscent of Asian ghost terror, they just look downright pathetic and out of luck. With all the national myths and really unique outdoor filming locations, have I always assumed Finland? The land of a thousand lakes? would be the ideal spot for potentially horrible horror stories, but I think it's another disappointment on my own.
