I just lost three hours of my life for this farce, and I can honestly say that I feel violated. I had read the reviews and heard the warnings, and I thought I was prepared for anything - at best, I thought, a faithful (though mistaken) attempt at an original adaptation; at worst, a "Plan 9" so good and bad for the new millennium. So when I got a copy at Walmart while I was in Florida and brought it back to the UK, I joked with my friends, "Get ready for the worst movie ever made!" Cruel karma. There is absolutely nothing to recommend this movie. "Special" effects look like the work of a first-year design student using a ZX81 Spectrum. The acting is terrible, the accents are worse than terrible (the artillery man's accent seems to take us on a tour of the British Isles, from Scotland to Wales by Northern Ireland), the dialogue is blistering, the editing is production values ​​prove that no expense was lost. Words really can not describe how bad this movie is; of the Union flag flying from the horribly cowardly Thunderchild (the Royal Navy flies the white flag, NOT the Union flag) to the street vendor's acting, this is simply a crime against the cinema. When you consider some of the literally zero budget fan movies that are available on the net (for example, "Star Wars Short" Troops), the whole argument "we're amateur enthusiasts" goes straight from the window. I can only assume that dishonest facial hair does not come cheap in the US Perhaps the problem is that Hines & co tried to make a movie from the book, instead of turning the book into a movie (if that makes any sense.) Characters and extras take bits of text verbatim without trying to convey the feelings behind the words. Ironically, the only person who came close to performing well was Darlene Sellers , the former porn actress.My advice? Pray like crazy that Jeff Wayne does not screw up and go watch Spielberg's version.Maybe not true for the text of the book, but I can say that.As a longtime fan of HG Wells (and English too), Speilberg's film is true to the spirit of the book. Maybe the customs were wrong to let me take this monster to the field, but I'll say: Timothy Hines stole three hours of my life and I want them back.
