One of Carry On's weaker adventures sees Sid James as the head of a crime gang stealing contraceptive pills. The fourth of the series to be hospitable, is possibly the least of its kind. There is a curiously flat feel everywhere, with everything apparently wasted on material below the face value. This is far from the nadir of the late 1970s, but Williams, James, Bresslaw, Maynard et al. are all class performers but are not supported by a script equal to their ability. <br /> <br /> Most of the jokes are happening instead of being episodic as Carry Ons usually is. So instead of the traditional hit-and-miss index, if you do not find the funny joke in the first place, you'll be stuck with it for most of the movie. Do these solid plot lines include Williams ?? for no good reason? worrying that he is changing sex, and Kenneth Cope in the drag. Like physical chaos, the whole thing seems more artificial than in other films, and devoid of interest. Continuing this theme, Matron lacks the usual pun and insinuations format, opting largely for the characterization and consequence to provide humor. In fact, the somewhat childish series of misunderstandings and forced circumstances reminds one more of Terry and June ... so it's appropriate that Terry Scott be present, futilely assaulting. <br /> <br /> Some dialogues have some of the old magic, like this between Scott and Cope: "How about some booze?" "Oh, no, no, I've never touched." "Oh. Cigarette then?" "No, I never touched them." "That leaves only one thing to offer you." "I've never touched that either." That said, while a funny man in his own right (animating the boring episodes of Randall and Hopkirk (deceased) at the end), you feel that Cope is not much taken advantage of for self-parody Carry On idealology and that Bernard Bresslaw dressed as a nurse would be a lot funnier. This actually happens, in part, though only in the last fifteen minutes. <br /> <br /> Williams trying to seduce Hattie Jacques while Charles Hawtrey is hiding in a closet is sheer farce in the drawer room but does not have the irony of carrying it off. That said, Williams's description of premarital relationships is invaluable: "You do not go into the store and buy enough for the whole room, get away from a small strip and try it first!" "That may be true," Jacques countered, "but you will not put me up against the wall." Williams really comes to life in his scenes with Hattie, and you can never get bored hearing a metal whistle whenever someone accidentally flashes your panties. <br /> <br /> Carry On Matron is not a bad movie at all, just an overwhelmingly swampy pattern.
