I watched this film version of R.D. Blackmore's classic novel as a substitute until the 2001 version of A & E was released on video. And what a poor replacement proved to be !!!! <br /> <br /> This version does not have the authentic look of the A & E film. The actors are mostly wooden (with the exception of Sean Bean) and the "novel" looks forced and artificial. In fact, there are no kisses by the end of the movie !!!! The triangle between John Ridd, Lorna Doone (or Lady Lorna Dugal, whichever you prefer) and the evil Carver Doone is not mentioned or expanded. We do not understand much about Carver here, or because he has some (or no) romantic feelings for Lorna. This film cuts off many of the novel's main and interesting characters, such as John Doone's advisor and his sister, Lizzie, who were crucial to the plot. The script itself is devoid of conviction. Political intrigue is also missing from the screenplay. The way Lorna came up with the Doones is not true to the original story. Now, do not get me wrong, Clive Owen is a handsome and talented actor (watch Gosford Park and King Arthur for confirmation), but he seems insipid and stoic, and long hair (may have been a bad wig) does not suit him ! Polly Walker is an adorable and talented actress (see Enchanted April and Patriot Games, in which she also worked with Sean Bean), but she looks colorless and lackluster. She has a lip sore that makeup can not hide, and the clothes do not look authentic. The late Robert Stephens does a respectable turn as Sir Ensor Doone, though he refers only to Lorna as his favorite, instead of his granddaughter, whom she was known to be in the book. Besides, it seems to me that Owen and Walker are too old for their roles (maybe it's the makeup) and the scenery is brown, cold, gray and barren, without much of a hint of a sunny sky. I understand it is set in South West England, but it is green there and they get their sun !!! The portrait of Tom Faggus's character and his "death", which does not happen in the novel, further depresses the film. The positive note is the performance of Sean Bean as Carver. Though he does not even come close to matching Aidan Gillen's picture in the A & E movie, Bean makes a common villain. In short, note this only if you have a few hours to kill, but do not expect anything exciting or true to the novel. See any other version (but I highly recommend the A & E movie) about this weary adaptation.
