Of course, I did not have high expectations of "Corky Roman". But then again, who did? However, I felt I deserved the benefit of the doubt. I also had no high hopes for "Joe Dirt" - another recent comedy starring a SNL cast member - and I ended up being pleasantly surprised. But this movie is as bad as it seems in the previous ones. Chris Kattan is actually a talented comic actor - contrary to what you might think after watching this movie - with a lot of energy. He's in many SNL hysterical skits, and I think he's one of the most talented cast members on SNL from now on. In this case, he received a meaningless and useless script and tries to remedy each scene with his incessant assault. Throughout each scene, he attempts a lame act of Jerry Lewis and fails miserably. Jerry Lewis knew how to do this kind of physical comedy, not to mention that he worked on a much better writing. Kattan just seems like an ignorant idiot with ADHD who had too many Lattes coffee. He does not even wait for the joke; He assumes we'll all laugh when he starts jumping like a crack monkey. In one scene, he ends up in a fight with a dog that has a pack of cocaine in his mouth. The pack explodes and cocaine splashes on top of him. He goes back to work, stuffed with cocaine. Now, how are we going to laugh at the fact that he's acting so hyper and uncompromising, when he's doing the same thing all through the movie? <br /> <br /> As for the rest of the cast members ... Vanessa Shaw is very sexy, Peter Berg is wasted on an ungrateful role and Chris Chris too. Peter Falk is also lost, despite having some funny lines that I'm sure he improvised. I hope Falk gets a decent movie sometime soon. That's a lot of talent and waste on a clunker like "Corky Roman". I also did not like the latest Falk movie, "Made," but at least he played a decent role. <br /> <br /> I laughed a few times, but I could not make a single laugh. Each gag is performed without any sense of time or delivery. And it got worse with Kattan. And there are certain jokes that are strictly drawn out. For example, when Kattan is about to fart on the faces of her two siblings. He stays there for 2 or 3 minutes, trying to get out of a fart and when he finally does it is a bit small. It's bad enough when you have a funny joke and it knocks you out, but when you have a joke and drag it out, it's much worse. And another example of this is when he tries to translate what those two Asian men are saying during a drug seizure. I can keep talking about what's wrong with this so-called comedy, but I will not waste my time. Like I said before, if you predicted bad things in the trailers - you predicted right. My score: 3 (out of 10)
