Why is this movie so bad? Well, if being so stupidly boring and boring is a reason, then this movie is that. The character of Corky Romano is unpleasant at best and frankly infuriating at worst. Jokes are predictable, but that's not what makes it bad. They are the kind of predictable jokes that your dull friend would say. <br /> <br /> Corky Romano is about an educated veterinarian who tries to do right, but is so clumsy. His quiet life is thrown into a loop when the family who once despised him now need him to infiltrate the FBI to destroy any vestige of the family crime story. However, it is not so easy for Corky because the FBI believes that he is a super agent and hugs him to spy on his own family. Deviations and disorders happen, but it really does not seem like any comic hijixn is there. Corky ends up falling in love with his handsome FBI partner and has to settle accounts with the FBI and his family if he wants to settle down again in a quiet life. <br /> <br /> I think what makes this movie annoying is both the lead actor and the so-called jokes. Chris Kattan reveals his alarming limitations and as an actor here as his routine a clown note drops flat about 10 minutes into the movie. It's okay to have a complete movie based only on stupid and idiot humor. Will Ferrel, Kattan's SNL partner, seems to have made a full career out of it. The only difference between Katrell and Ferrel is that Ferrel knows when to take it and rely on other ways to tell a joke. There is absolutely no diversity in Kattan's routine. It's hard to hear the same joke twice, but for a whole movie this is pure torture. <br /> <br /> The other problem with the film was the lack of truly unique and FUNNY jokes. The gay mobster brother, the clumsy guy and many other forgettable jokes do not look as funny as the first time you barely laughed. It seems the writers had more fun writing this than anyone who watched it. Even with a cast with some comedic talent (Chris Penn, Peter Falk), the jokes that begin are tired. There is no chemistry either. This film was obviously one of the pocket books for the actors. No body seemed to care, or even try. The saddest thing is that no body said that to Chris Kattan.
