Although I knew that "Cama de Gato" was the worst Brazilian film of the decade, I watched it giving a chance; after all, first-time director / producer / writer Alexandre Stockler was able to do his first work (filmed on video) for only $ 4,000 and - although it seems even cheaper - I can not imagine all that he's finally gone through show it in theaters without major sponsors or producers behind it (so while watching, I realized why). But whatever the odds you're willing to give Gato Cama, they are reduced to zero in 10 minutes: it's an incredibly absurd, verbose, ideologically fanatical, and technically catastrophic attempt to portray the youth of the Brazilian upper-middle class as a bunch of pampered. neo-Nazis addicted to bad sex, drugs and violence (and they're meant to look like gays locked too), made without any visible trait of talent, imagination, expertise or notion of structure. Visually and audibly, he recalls the worst amateur things you can find on YouTube - except that here are nine minutes of hysteria and ruthless clumsiness, and it's not at all funny. <br /> <br /> We've all seen the story before: bored young people want to have fun, go to the party, take drugs and everything goes wrong - there is rape, beatings, murder, accidental death (falling from the stairs !!) of the mother of one of the boys, culminating with the boys deciding to burn the corpses of the girl and the mother in a landfill. Moral and literal garbage, got it? The film is heavily influenced by Larry Clark (especially "Kids" and "Bully"), but Clark's films - though also moralistic and sexploitative - are high-quality masterpieces compared to this crap. <br /> <br /> Do not think there has ever been a monomaniacal move on a filmmaker to shove his ideas into the throat of the audience: Stockler grabs us by the collar and tries to force his uninterrupted moralistic discourse in our brains by repetition and exhaustion - YOU CAN numb-minded with both babbling, screaming, inept direction, shaky camera and terrible acting going on. Stockler does not care a bit about technique (picture quality, framing, sound recording, soundtrack songs, dialogues, sets, editing, etc. is uniformly shocking), but he is a control narcissistic maniac: he anticipates the critics for getting added captions with clever comments, and making the protagonists comment on one point how absurd and false it is (I could relate to THAT). Despite his megalomaniac ambitions, Stockler seems unable to give us a minimum of visual or narrative structure - he can not even decide whether he wants brave realism (handheld camera, etc) or styling (replaying scenes, using alternate takes , etc). Damn, he can not even decide where to put his camera (there's subjective camera use for all three connections)! The dialogue presents some of the most stupefying banal verbalizations of all time; the plot simply exists to justify the director's deep hatred for his characters and for what they stand for. All you see is a filmmaker being hateful, preaching, condemning, moralizing without the benefit of a minimum of talent (or technique) to accompany him. <br /> <br /> It is very disappointing to find Caio Blat in this mess. Certainly one of Brazil's most promising young actors, with his drowsy-eyed doggy look and emotional boundaries often resembling Sal Mineo, Blat can be highly effective under good direction (as in "Carandiru," "Archaic Crop," "Prohibited Prohibit"). Here he is told to go over and he has to play with some of the most embarrassingly under-equipped "actors" in recent memory. He also enters the risky realm of sex graphic scenes (so sarcastic that they look a little like web pornography). <br /> <br /> The film opens and ends with actual interviews with "typical" (?) middle-class youngsters. "Stockler wants us to take these interviews as" proof "of what he's trying to preach in fiction. But he blatantly disdains and makes fun of his interviewees by selecting a highlight from abject, racist, sexist, stupid statements (which only show idiots are everywhere). Stockler wants to prove that Brazilian middle-class youth are ALL present or future fascists, BECAUSE they are middle class and enjoy recreational drugs (is he saying that all neo-fascists are drugged? Or what drugs potentiate fascist behavior? ). With its dogmatic self-justification, headache-inducing technique and annoyance, "Cama de Gato" is bad for 1000 reasons, but above all, it is harmful in a very insidious way: it gives detractors of the Brazilian cinema a powerful argument of argumentation. "Cat's Bed" is best not seen, not mentioned, buried and forgotten.
