We all know what it is when we have a bad day at the office, right? Well, this Neil Simon comedy shows what it's like when you have the worst of every day trying to get to the office. Sometimes it's not worth going, you know what I mean? And sometimes it's not worth doing anything when it was done before in 1970 with Jack Lemmon and Sandy Dennis ... and a lot better too. <br /> <br /> It's not that Steve Martin sucks. comedian or wrong for the role of tormented and stressed advertising executive; on the contrary, in both cases. And it is not that Goldie Hawn is equally inept; her work has been consistently good, if not great, since I first saw her on the TV series Rowan and Martin's Laugh-In in the 1960s. The problem with this movie is that it's not about the unfortunate couple at all: is it really about New York and why should everyone come to New York to live and love their lives in married happiness? kind of ?? in the largest city in the world. If you're a New Yorker ... See, the 1970 movie is still an excellent comedy that has realistically explored all the things that can go wrong when you take a trip somewhere, and included most of the time. the situations and jokes you can imagine about what can happen to you in a strange environment. This 1999 release, unfortunately, goes into free tangents specifically for an audience these days waiting or wanting to see the excess. For example, not content with the appeal of the main players, there is a (relatively long) participation of Rudy Giuliani, then mayor of New York, as we all know. What ?? Giuliani wanting the president even then? Worse ?? a walking advertisement for the gentler face of New York. <br /> <br /> And then we have John Cleese, reprizing his role as Basil Fawlty ?? but this time as a steep cross-dresser too? Again, intimidating the hotel staff, cursing affluent customers and generally making themselves look like the idiot he is in that role. And in the process, cause great damage to the memory of Fawlty Towers, arguably the best British comedy series, without barriers ... <br /> <br /> Why was this 1999 film made? In the 1970s, New York was a dying city in many ways. It was almost literally bankrupt. So when it was 1970, that was the city you saw: dark, somber, moody, unsettling, and not the place that the beleaguered couple finally chose for their new life together in the Great Smoke (as it was then, polluted and everything ). Things got better in 1999: brightness was back, New York was thriving, it was the Big Apple, ready for you to bite, if you had the guts ... <br /> <br /> So, of course, the couple in this second coming he finds that moxie within him and finally joins the fabulous fight to continue the American dream of life, freedom and the pursuit of happiness. So this movie is truly comical, but not for reasons the producers might have imagined. As much as I like Steve Martin and Goldie Hawn in the comedy, this movie is a much better farce done with the great Jack Lemmon. If you have seen the latter, then definitely do not bother with this one.
