An accurate review of nuremburg should consider the door of the story inadvertently opened with the movie "valkyrie" (Tom Cruise). "Valkyrie" (2008) finally tells the world that there was a German resistance during World War II organized professionally with bureaucrats, military generals, soldiers and civilians who tried to overthrow the Nazi political regime, install a new chancellor, get peace and close the fields concentration. However, these unknown absolute heroes did not receive help from allies who aided the French resistance next door. History writers have used an institutionalized agenda ever since to hide a bad ally that cost tens of millions of lives with everyone conditioned to believe that the German people fully supported the Nazis and consequently deserved the 24-hour genocide and "unconditional surrender." this was imposed on the Germans. <br /> <br /> German puzzle codes were broken by English scientists in 1943, and much of what the Germans were doing was known. During 1943, the Germans developed new fighter jets and bombers by companies like Arado, Heinkel and Messerschmitt. However, even if the Nazis were eliminated and German resistance succeeded, the allies would not allow any democracy in the world to have jet fighters, jet bombers, high-speed submarines, ballistic missiles and guided missiles without the US having first! This is where the institutionalized agenda is relevant. Consequently, the German resistance did not get any help from the allies, although they always had crucial intelligence to eliminate Adolf Hitler. The coup of July 20, 1944, is proof that there were significant efforts by the Germans to obtain peace. Instead, the Germans received ultimatums of "unconditional surrender" and 24-hour saturation bombing on an agenda to avoid peace. The Allies wanted to steal the world's greatest technology and scientists from the Germans and contain complete ownership through "unconditional surrender." It was a premeditated allied agenda to allow the war to perpetuate and hold the Nazis in power to justify the 24-hour bombing, but it took a year after day d before allied armies advanced to Germany to steal the world's greatest technology and scientists on the barrel of a gun. However, tens of millions of people have died since the Allies abandoned German resistance for their own greed. The Allies imposed "unconditional surrender" on the Germans as a pretext to complete ownership and control of German property and government, and this was done without using German resistance to overthrow the Nazis. The Allies wanted to steal the world's greatest technology and scientists from the Germans to achieve world technological supremacy. Consequently, all the rest fell into the background with the allied evil agenda that killed millions of Germans in the 24-hour bombing; the concentration camps remained open; the war continued and led to the "cold war" with weapons based on German industrial achievements, technology and scientists drawn from the Germans in World War II. <br /> <br /> The 1946 war crimes trials in Nuremberg were public. deception and mass murder relations perpetrated by the Allies as retrospective justice for the Nazis. It was a smokescreen to hide the evil and the ambitious allied program of world technological supremacy, instead of helping the German resistance to overthrow the Nazi political regime. <br /> <br /> Tens of millions of people died because the Allies abandoned the German resistance. to an agenda, but they inflicted retribution against the German chiefs, anyway, who paid with their lives in Nuremberg war crimes or not, although the Allies had committed genocide to achieve world technological supremacy.
