The word 'True' in the title of this movie made my alarm bells ring. They sounded louder when a title card referred to the American Civil War as the "War Between States" (the circumlocution preferred by the stubborn Southerners). Jesse James - a thief, slave-keeper and killer - is described as a quiet, gentle boy. <br /> <br /> How dishonest is this movie? There is no mention of slavery, much less the documented fact that Jesse James's poor mother owned slaves before the war, and that Jesse and his brother Frank actively fought to preserve slavery. According to this movie, all those Civil War soldiers were really struggling to decide whether Missouri is a northern state or a southern state ... that's all. Black people are totally absent from this movie except for two glimpses of a pair of beggars, one of whom uses a "HELP THE POOR" sign that is very implausible rather than hand writing. (Some photos of 19th century newspapers are inaccurate too, with twentieth-century sources.) <br /> <br /> This film has a strange structure of flashback. There are some very impressive stunts (and a good work of stunt horses), and an excellent mount. I savored a line of dialogue: "Some of these kids will never taste the beans again." Hesse, as Jesse's mother, hides her right arm in the scenes after the attack by Pinkerton's agents (here called "Remington") in which Jesse James's mother in real life suffered injuries that required amputation. of your forearm. Some errors here are forgivable: during his bushwhacking days, the real Jesse James accidentally fired part of his left middle finger, but Robert Wagner (in the title role here) does not have a stumpfinger. I saw a picture of Jesse James's real wife; if she had looked kind of glamorous like Hope Lange in that movie, Jesse James might have stayed home more. <br /> <br /> There is a lot of revisionism here, and most actors use 50's hairstyles. But many of the mistakes in this movie were avoidable. Jesse James's mentor, William Quantrill, is mentioned several times, but all actors mispronounce his name. We see Jesse and his wife move to an elaborate two-story house (where he will soon die) after paying a $ 18 rent. In fact, the last residence of Jesse James (at 1318 Lafayette Street, St. Joseph, Missouri ) was a simple one-story house, rented for $ 14. There was no upper floor ... so when Jesse James is killed, his wife could not come running upstairs, as Hope Lange does here. (In fact, she was in the kitchen.) A continuity error: Robert Wagner (no stunt double) does an impressive job of taking a slug to his chin and falling while his hands are tied behind his arm . back ... but when he gets up, the rope that ties his wrists disappears. <br /> <br /> The script does some strange and unnecessary juggling of encounters. After attempting to rob Northfield, Jesse says he hopes to get home on his birthday. The actual Northfield bank attack by James Gang (September 7, 1876) was two days after Jesse James' birthday. (Maybe he meant next year's birthday.) Later, we see Jesse and his wife walking into their house in St. Joseph's on a beautiful summer day, while Jesse tells her what he plans to do when she gets there the day before. Christmas ... but in real life Mr. and Mrs. Jesse James moved into that house on December 24, 1881 ... so this scene should be * on Christmas Eve! These mistakes were totally avoidable. <br /> <br /> Some of the fictions here do not make sense. According to this film, the attack on the Northfield bank failed because a (fictional) henchman was late in cutting the telegraph wires. If this had actually happened, it would indeed have made it difficult for James Gang to escape ... but that would not have affected the robbery itself, which failed for other reasons. <br /> <br /> There are good performances here by Jeffrey. Hunter (as Frank James), Moorehead, Alan Hale Jnr (as Cole Younger) and stage actress Marian Seldes in a rare role on the screen. I was disappointed with Robert Wagner, usually an understated actor. Elsewhere, Wagner proved his impressive reach by convincingly portraying heroes, villains, and morally ambiguous characters. Here, he can not decide whether to portray Jesse James as a little friend or a villain ... so he does not bother too much. John Carradine calls his performance in a brief role as a fictional preacher who baptizes Jesse and his wife at their wedding. In fact, Jesse James was baptized in childhood by his uncle, a Methodist minister ... but perhaps this second baptism is a complement. <br /> <br /> Jesse James was not Robin Hood. (I doubt Robin Hood was Robin Hood as well, but that's another story.) There is not a single documented instance of Jesse James sharing his loot with anyone but his own family. After some of his assaults, he did not even share the style with the rest of his gang. In this movie, Jesse is killed shortly after he promises to give up his bad guys forever. In fact, the night before his death, Jesse James and the Ford brothers stole horses that Jesse planned to use the next day in an assault on the Platte City bank. In preparation for most of his robberies, Jesse James stole horses from local farmers ... the same poor ones who (in imprecise legends) were supposedly the beneficiaries of his generosity. I shrank into a scene here, in which the fictional Jesse James is so refined that he disapproves of an oil painting that portrays nude taste. <br /> <br /> 'The True (Not Much!) Story of Jesse James is voluntarily dishonest about a murderous thief, and also dishonest over the Civil War. For the impressive stunt work, a good set up and some good performances, I will classify this obscenely dishonest 2-point film by 10.
