Before giving Spike Lee's mess in the movie SUMMER OF SAM, I'd like to make one thing very clear. I do not insult this film simply by its abundance of despicable and unpleasant images. What makes this film so unsustainable is the fact that Lee seems to believe that SUMMER OF SAM should be taken seriously as a socially enlightening drama. Quentin Tarantino's crime films, for example, are full of violence, swearing and other bullshit, but they are nevertheless highly watchable because Tarantino does not try to pass these films as socially redeeming works of art. He knows that these movies are just for entertainment. On the other hand, serious dramas like SAVING PRIVATE RYAN and SCHINDLER LIST are often unpleasant to watch, but displeasure serves to develop the plot and characters of the film, with the ultimate goal of engaging the audience emotionally with the story and the characters on the screen. SUMMER OF SAM, unfortunately, only dwells on his own sensationalism and sleaze, while believing it is serving as social commentary as well as other epic garbage. <br /> <br /> SAM SUMMER does not serve as a serious drama because his characters are mere cardboard clipping stereotypes. His plot is intended to show the emotional impact of hysteria on the murders of Son of Sam on the residents of the predominantly Italian-American neighborhood in the north of the Bronx, where murders occurred. However, instead of presenting the venues as a diverse mix of personalities, Lee simply distributes all imaginable negative Italian stereotypes. Men are ignorant, lazy and overly sexist Goombahs. Women are divided between fragile and complacent "good girls" (Dionna of Mira Sorvino) and promiscuous "girls" (Rubi of Jennifer Esposito). Lee seems to vengefully want to "repay" Hollywood for his years of negative African-American stereotypes exhibiting stereotypes of his own, and few critics seem to care. If Martin Scorsese, for example, introduced the residents of an African-American neighborhood as a bunch of stereotypes of Amos'n Andy and Aunt Jemima, critics would legitimately condemn such flagrant stereotypes. More importantly, stereotyped and one-dimensional characters undermine any movie that attempts to be a serious social commentary. <br /> <br /> Without exception, the cast of SUMMER OF SAM is excellent. However, the acting, for the most part, is uninspired. The cast is just going through the motions, or they have little to work with the scriptwise. In addition, there is remarkable miscasting. Comedian John Leguizamo is very talented, but his Vinny character appears to be a comical and restrained personification of John Travolta's Tony Manero, SATURDAY NIGHT FEVER. And Michael Badalucco, a perennial actor of "cool guy", is barely seen as serial killer David Berkowitz, looking more funny than scary. The only performance worth paying attention to is Adrien Brody, as the clumsy but heartfelt member of the Ritchie neighborhood. Brody's performance and Lee's typically stylish cinematography are the only virtues of this film. <br /> <br /> * 1/2 of ****
