After hearing the word of how bad this movie is, I made the decision and bought the DVD. That said, everything that was mentioned earlier about this movie is true. For a movie claiming to have a budget of millions, it just does not appear on the screen. The list of problems with the movie could drag on forever. Boss among them is the film is simply too long. He crawled for a few minutes before 3 hours. Almost an hour could probably have been cut off from the runtime if the editor had simply removed the overabundance of scenes that dealt with nothing more than the main character wandering aimlessly. <br /> <br /> Second, as many have pointed out in "trailers," special effects are anything but special. The tripods looked ok on a few shots here and there but moreover it was all 1970s or 1980s Z-grade quality. Probably the worst effects of all were the horses, which lashed back and forth as they moved. The effects of the heat ray were laughable, as people were reduced to bones that somehow were still able to shake without muscles. Also unfortunate was the Thunderchild sequence, in which the Thunderchild, described in the book as a ram, did not look like that. Instead, it resembled a World War I-era destroyer, complete with deck guns (firing but no visible crew) and torpedo tubes. <br /> <br /> The colors and backgrounds were as bad as the effects. The most laughable of all was a scene at the beginning where the main character and his wife go out for a night stroll and he points Mars to her in the sky. Well, the sky is black, but the view of the characters and the landscape around them is broad daylight. There is also a very marked demarcation between the real landscape, bathed by full sun, and the false black night sky with excessively large diffuse stars. To make matters worse, the color of the scenes made no sense. In some they are bathed in orange light. In others, light green. In still others, it is the blue light. In some cases, the exteriors are illuminated in orange, but the interiors of the houses are green or blue. The frame rate and camera are very fragile, giving everyone a gaga look. <br /> <br /> Finally, the acting is globally insignificant. A man portrays two characters whose only difference is the lack of a mustache. This led to some confusion at times about who was who and where all of them were. English accents, even to American ears, are scandalous. <br /> <br /> In summary, this movie may well be considered the worst movie released in recent times. I have not seen Gigli or some of the other recent failures, but this one, because of its poor quality in all respects, should easily be worse than anything the mainstream Hollywood has divulged. I would not be surprised if the film reaches 10 or 20 below the IMDb ranking. Too bad the Mystery Science Theater is not around yet.
