*NOTICE. There may be SPOILERS ahead if you care. Okay, the basic premise of this Texas home movie is: Kids College + House of Spook + Magic Book of Evil = Scary stuff. In practice, it's a long time to look at how long this movie will drag on. A bunch of fraternity boys, along with several friends and volunteers, are setting up a haunted house for charity. The project is being chaired by a completely repellent character whose main purpose seems to be to verbally and physically assault as many cast members as possible. I had a hard time believing that someone would try to work with that person anyway: he is nothing but rude and abusive to everyone, including his girlfriend and his friend. Regardless, children are visited by local character and annual champion-pumpkin-carving "Pumpkin Jack," an elderly coot who is described as "Santa's Halloween", and who drops a load of props into the house including a sinister book that figured prominently in the annoyingly stroboscopic prologue (where a bunch of cultists turn into sauteed). Needless to say, some damn idiot starts messing with the book, and eventually most costumed monsters turn into real ones, and the few remaining normal people have to try to survive. There are some good things in this movie, but not much: everything is filmed well and the makeup effects are decent. On the other hand, performers do not practice or exaggerate drastically; much of the plot makes little sense outside of a series "this happens so that it can happen"; there is virtually no musical track to speak, just snippets of music throughout the film; and the movie takes an hour to get somewhere. This last problem is most revealing: two-thirds of the 90-minute duration is used to repeatedly configure the characters. Tom is a nice guy dating Heidi, the control maniac, but he used to date Jill, who is now dating Dan, but she started a relationship with Kira, the girl who wears many shawls. Dan is a great idiot, Gary likes to make jokes, and Steve and Lily like to have sex. Things that could have easily been resolved in 20 minutes or more, crawl to the point where the lesbian scene of "sex" (calm, very meek) left me looking for the fast forward button. That leaves us with half an hour of low-calorie scares, a shocking ending and a deep antipathy to old Pumpkin Jack, who I blame for all the mess. Unless you get it in some sort of discounted rent (and you've actually seen everything in the store), put it back on the shelf and keep looking.
