I probably give more credit than it deserves because it's Halloween, I was at "Knott's Scary Farm" and I wanted to watch a really fancy Halloween movie. <br /> <br /> Oh, and it only cost me a dollar. <br /> <br /> Usually I'm going to go through a movie like this to get to the "good stuff", but I resisted it here and still do not know why. It was obvious from the initial photos that this was not a "real" movie, not even a B movie. It's more in the category of the horror films "DeCoteau" and "The Brotherhood", which are filmed in a movie by about 50 cents (actually, I was afraid that a minute of his college kids would stagger up rubbing on his underwear or something). There were no cut-outs (too expensive to make various camera settings) and flat lighting, but ... it's difficult to identify. There is something refreshing about watching a director with no money making a decent movie. The fact that he's doing a decent job is laudable, and this movie has its merits - acting is not bad, photography is very good (if it's too bright to be scary), there are a few surprises, and the thing It's all kind of ... different in some way. <br /> <br /> A bunch of college boys is (for some unknown reason) stuck in the warehouse where they are decorating the annual haunted house. A scary old man gives them a satanic book and accidentally invokes the powers of hell. This makes the people dressed up in the haunted house become who they are and cause a lot of chaos and human suffering. Along the way, we are treated to a strangely complex and attentive lesbian relationship subframe - it is interesting that this couple seems to be the most complete of the film. Yes, there is a sex scene, but it's not lascivious - or at least no more than you think in any legitimate lesbian movie that shows them having sex. It is quite unusual for a horror film to take the time and effort to do so without resorting to cheap exploitation. The other thing about this that held my interest was how clearly he was trying to imitate the vibe "stupid kids have sex and are dead" from the 1980s slashers. It's hard to understand this because there are so many movies that already exist, the genre was made to death. I'm not sure if it's good or bad that these filmmakers simply try to make another entry into this genre, without irony, as if it were still a LIVING genre, but I appreciated the attempt. <br /> <br /> That's why I sat down; sometimes you just want to watch a horror film "A-for-effort" meaningless, without budget. There was really a lot of confusion, bloodlessness, endless holes, dead ends and cliches, and the unfortunate general feeling of a movie that simply did not have enough money to be the movie that the producers imagined ... but at least the scenes from haunted house were cool. I would pay to go to that haunted house if it existed, and I would not mind paying a dollar to watch on DVD, even if I never watched it again. <br /> <br /> Oh, and a possible spoiler, but there were big deals with the vampire in the coffin: "I used to be claustrophobic, but I've changed." Ha ha, good one.
