In this 'sequel' Bruce is still called Billy Lo (understood? Bruce = Billy, Lo = Lee. No?) But other than that, that's all he has in common with the other film. Billy does not seem to be an actor anymore. He seems to be in another country. He's more like a spy. He is the only cast member to return and, unfortunately, they kill him to make way for a new character, his brother, Bobby. Unfortunately, when Bruce dies, the film almost dies with him. This was extremely poorly done. It looked like they were writing the script while they were filming. The footage works for a while (not very obvious at first) but soon Bruce is always shown in the dark all the time (he casts a light on stage for no apparent reason to hide the fact that it is not Bruce playing the part ). Unfortunately when he dies the movie changes. I can not help but wonder if they were filming while writing and may have planned to keep Bruce alive, but then they decided to kill him because it would not be plausible since Bobby does not show up until Billy is dead. It's hard to change the main character in the middle of the movie and Bruce is a difficult act to follow, so it's hard to accept Bobby as the star. Bruce is never seen in this movie again. I think they should have made that sequel without Bruce, he has a lame part in this movie. People hoping to see a new Bruce Lee movie will be disappointed to see that although he has received the best billing, he only plays an important role. Even the worst movies are at least a little memorable. If there was a bit about that movie that people seem to talk about, it's the scene where Billy fights in a plant nursery. Ironically, he does not even use Bruce Lee's pictures. Remember, they did it most convincingly in No Retreat No Surrender. None of the other actors here did anything memorable. Bruce's girlfriend (Colleen Camp) is never mentioned. My advice is to turn it off as soon as Bruce finishes writing his letter to his brother. Nothing else in the movie is worth watching. I found it very sad to see Bruce die. I do not see how a small budgeted movie like this could get enough money to use images of Enter The Dragon. This was an inexpensive way to try to cash in on Bruce's name. Strangely, this and the original are credited in Bruce's filmography. Luckily so far, no one has tried something like that again. 1981 was the year of Bruce's last film appearance. It was a sad way to end it, but fortunately this proves that Bruce's film career must be left alone.
