Is it possible to film NO STARS? I suppose not. However many IMDb stars show this just think zero and you will get my detour. Director and photographer Timothy Hines did not have much budget compared to Spielberg's Herculaneum effort with the same material (supposedly the most expensive film ever made), but that need not be an insurmountable disadvantage. I've seen a wonderful work done on a comparative shoestring ("Soldier and Saints" is a recent example). With hard work, integrity and, above all, talent, it is certainly possible to get a faithful interpretation of Wells's novel - and for a fraction of what Dreamworks spent on his "War of the Worlds." Unfortunately, Hines failed in all those departments. Even if he had Spielberg's budget and Tom Cruise had signed the lead, his film would have been as bad as this animal he inflicted on us. <br /> <br /> First, Hines seems unable to tell a story. Thanks to digital video technology, it can record images and sounds, but it shows little aptitude to put together a narrative with what it records. A guy walks a lot on a country road. He speaks poorly. He's got English for another guy. So he goes down the same lane, just shot his back this time to show he's coming back - smart, huh? Walking and talking for almost an hour is all that happens. Okay, I'll grant a long tour of the main character's home to the impact site in Horsell Common to show that it's a considerable distance from one place to another may be helpful (a first year film student could make a storyboard more economic and more aesthetic setting sequence than that, btw) but a half dozen times? Forward and backward, forward and backward, et cetera, et cetera with some yakkity-yak between. Remarkable. The only explanation for this excess of redundancy other than total artistic ineptitude is the desire to fill thirty minutes of CG work in a despicable and amateurish way in something that could be offered as a feature film. Finally, the Martian fighting machines appear and the walks and conversations become races and conversations, or screams. Later we were surprised and crying for dessert. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, much of the dialogue is drawn directly from the text of H.G. Wells; otherwise we would have no idea what is happening. But is not it the purpose of cinema to illuminate a text, to realize what words alone can not convey? If a film depends on dialogue or monologue to tell us what we see or how to feel, why bother? Why not play a radio? Orson Welles made a household name doing just that. However, Hines thinks that he is a filmmaker, so he is content to express the words and swallow the meaning. <br /> <br /> Second, Hines was able to buy some CG effects for the movie, but he has no idea how to use them. Now I, at least, have no desire for insatiable sweets. I believe that good science fiction movies do not need dazzling technical effects. Some really powerful Sci-Fi have bloomed in practically none. But "The War of the Worlds" as a film requires some initial effort. Wells tells a story that depends on things that can be seen, heard and smelled. The effects need not be complex; they may even be rudimentary (for example, wire-fighting machines sliding on miniature streets, as seen in the 1953 version of George Pal / Byron Haskins), but they must be treated well. Unfortunately the effects of Hines are gross and incompetent? Tripod fighting machines top a cathedral tower steps around making a noise like a skipping jump on linoleum ?? Martian squidoids, though overwhelmed by four times the gravity of their native world, run and fly effortlessly noticeable ?? totally stripped skeletons of flesh and muscle squirm and scream - the same damn horse and buggy greenscreens its way through the foreground a dozen times (turned left to right occasionally in the hope that we may not notice)? and ad nauseum. The raw technique is forgivable. So you have a CG fire effect that is less convincing? All right, we can get around this. Just do not use it too often and just show glimpses of it. Does that sequence of women look more like a crushed plum? Throw away. It is not necessary. You say your Martian leaflet looks like a toy on a rope? If you need to use it, go ahead, but do not show it twice! But no, Hines will not listen. We get the worst things used again and again. I gotta get those 180 minutes somehow, boy. <br /> <br /> Next, we have acted, or more accurately, a lot of acting. Whether it's in a role of speaker or just paid to die in the queue, everyone in this movie is acting with his heart. Of course Hines thinks he's making a bargain - more fleeing terrified there! You, trembling behind that tree, are going to have a real conviction fit for that shot. You call it squirming in agony? Nonsense, my grandmother can squirm better - However, the cast as a whole and individually stinks. They are not even good amateurs. But that need not be fatal. Many good movies were made with rancid acting. This is what the directors are for. And editors. What brings another point? Who the hell left Tim Hines to edit this cheese factory? If America's butchers were as adept at cutting meat as Hines is at the cut of movies, their next burger would be all fingers and not meat. Despite the nearly three hours of racing, there's a lot missing in this movie - not sequences, but unique frames, creating a spasmodic effect that is nauseating to watch. Perhaps Hines's intention was to simulate the effect of a motion picture camera of 1890 at hand. If he was, I can tell he does not know how to do this.
