I'd like to begin by saying that I'm not an anime fan (with some notable exceptions), and I usually have a low opinion of the so-called otakus, since they're so passionate about their particular cartoon brand that they label each movie starring characters with big eyes and hair stuck like a work of art, without considering other vital factors such as plot. And no anime movie better represents this division between otakus and people with real taste than this classy piece of junk, Fatal Fury: The Movie. <br /> <br /> Seen through the glassy and bland eyes of an otaku, there is just to find flaws in Fatal Fury - there is much peculiar Japanese humor, one-on-one duels, some "dramatic" moments and all is beautifully drawn. But all the others will be shut down by clichéd, predictable plot, with predictable characters clichés, culminating in a predictable, predictable ending. The love scenes are ridiculously hilarious - the scene in which Sulia "cures" Terry obviously purports to be a moment of tenderness, but it's virtually impossible not to be thrown into spirals of dizzying laughter at his sheer nonsense. And, of course, Fatal Fury is not exempt from the obligatory cartoon T & A - this is provided for free by the huge Mai Shiranui. And as Fatal Fury is based on the series of video games of the same name (oh boy), we are treated with countless useless appearances of popular characters with little or no relevance to the plot (they go through all the work of introducing Kim early, just for him disappear from the film entirely after that point). This movie mess reaches its climax with the unintentionally ridiculous final battle in which all the main characters engage the all-powerful main villain in one-on-one combat. This is something that has always amused me ... even when battles in anime are not happening in a tournament, they always happen as if they were, regardless of the fact that it makes no sense at all! Otakus always talks about how anime movies should be treated as MOVIES instead of mere cartoons, and a disturbing portion of these people love Fatal Fury. So Fatal Fury would have been good if it had not been an anime? The answer is an emphatic "no" - all the charm of this film, the little that exists, lies in the real drawings. If Fatal Fury were not an anime, it would be worthy of an episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000, if the show were still on the air. That's the key - this is nothing more than a ridiculously bad B-movie in the form of an anime epic. If you are a fan of such bad movies that they are really fun, consider renting the Fatal Fury (or catching it on the Sci-Fi channel) as it is definitely one of them. If you are an otaku, please WAKE up and realize that 90% of the things you are watching are crap. As for everyone else, buy a Dreamcast and Fatal Fury: Mark of the Wolves, but do not even think about watching this movie.
