Sometimes laughter in the middle of a horror movie is a sign of its greatness. I remember the nervous laughter of the audience in the re-release of The Excorcist? really nervous laughter. This punctuated how terrified we all were watching the voice of Satan coming out of a 12 year old girl. In the case of the 2006 remake of the 1972 cult classic The Wicker Man, however, it made me think that this new Wickerman is as scary as the South Park character, Scuzzlebut, the friendly forest monster with Patrick Duffy for a leg and One The stalk of celery for an arm that is the favorite pastime is to weave wicker baskets. <br /> <br /> Three years ago, a friend of mine in Hollywood told me that he heard that Nicolas Cage would do a remake of the movie. I started to laugh and my friend (Keith) got mad at me talking about Nicolas Cage as a great actor. I just did not think he could do this and unfortunately for the viewers I was right. It was realism, exceptional original music, originality, shiver and marvelously powerful dialogue. Instead, we have clichés of horror films, acting affected and changes in the plot that make any credibility undo. Like many of the countless Hollywood remakes that have been flooded lately, it seems like we're watching 4th grade students on a "playing Wickerman" playground. <br /> <br /> The original film takes place on a remote Scottish island where a Scot A cop is drawn to find a missing girl named Rowan Morrison. In the new turn, a California cop (Cage) is lured to an island off the coast of Washington State by his ex-girlfriend to find his missing daughter. She sends a photo and the missing daughter looks exactly like a young girl he tried to save in a fire accident not too long ago. The accident still haunts him in part because the girl's body was never found. However, even after he receives a letter with her photo, that connection is completely discarded as he heads north, alone, to help his ex-girlfriend find her daughter. He arrives to find an island full of actors who pretend to be the descendants of Wiccans, many of whom do not seem to get calls for roles in The Village. And like The Village, it does not take long for you to realize that there is nothing to fear here. Not even the blind sighted-eyed sisters who speak in unison. <br /> <br /> I think the opportunity in Hollywood to make large amounts of money in a movie often costs a lot for art. I think that someone like Nicolas Cage, who is in so many movies nowadays, loses contact with the magic that the film can be when it gets to the point where he has a personal chef on the set preparing his snacks. We needed a reform of Wickerman as if we needed another '9-11' movie. I'm beginning to wonder if Nicolas changed his surname to Coppola because he wanted to or because he was begging to do so.
