Everyone else who commented negatively about this movie did an excellent review of why this movie is so horrible. I was not going to comment, but the movie bothers me so much, and the writer / director in particular. So I must throw my hat to join the pessimists. <br /> <br /> I saw the original "Wicker Man" and really loved the cornucopia of music, sensuality, paganism in a modern world, and the clash of theological beliefs. That being said, I'm not part of the crowd who think that remakes of great movies should not be made. For example, I liked the Invasion of the Body Snatchers of the 50s, but I liked the remake of 1978. Both movies can stand on their own. Another example is "The Thing". The original, as exaggerated as it looks compared to today's standards, has much to boast about in the 1982 remake of Kurt Russell (my all-time favorite horror movie). So this small minority of people who like "The Wicker Man" redo can not accuse me of dismissing such crap just because it's a makeover. <br /> <br /> This film has solidified for me the sexism of Neil LaBute and misogynistic tendencies. It also made me wonder how the executives, wanting to make a serious suspense, would give the green light to such an anti-feminine product. There are many scenes of Cage hitting on women just because he is frustrated with them frustrating their investigation of a missing girl. Would he react outside the island in other cases where the suspects are not nearby? The original created a society in which men and women are equal participants in a Goddess-based religion. The threat to the main character came from everyone, men and women. There was no sexual hierarchy. <br /> <br /> The metaphor of bees, drones, etc. was a bit heavy and convenient ("The drone must die!"), especially when the Cage character has allergies to bees. I wondered why the men of the island did not react and only used physicality to prevent these women from treating them as grunts. These were not women with special supernatural powers, and half of them appeared to be pregnant, the other half old and fat, and the other thin girls and blondes, so if men really wanted to run away they could do what most do when they hate women. Physically dominate them. There seemed to be no weapons or weapons other than the cutting tools to hold them if they were unhappy. But if they were happy to be drones, why can not they talk? They could be used as a threat to Cage because they would defend the community. They are drones because Neil LaBute seems to believe that a society ruled by women would leave men castrated. (This movie has already been done.) Stepford's wives "anyone?" Classic symptoms of men who fear what can happen if women come together and are really equal citizens. <br /> <br /> The problem with the female society that hates men, this makes movie viewing uninteresting and creates unintended humor when Cage starts expelling women. I believe that LaBute should have left society egalitarian, maintained sexuality and lust uninhibited, and pressed the buttons of discomfort toward the children on that island. No one likes pedophiles or children to be sexually exploited. So how would a policeman react if he saw obscene acts performed by adults with children nearby? There would be a logical mental leap that these children are abused, therefore, an urgency created to save the missing child and get help for all children. LaBute said he created the thread of the groom's and daughter's story to give the Cage character an incentive to search. I do not think you need it. Any abused child will make an adult react to save her. The irony, of course, would be that the child Cage "saves" ultimately brings him to death. <br /> <br /> The dialogue was artificial and exaggerated. The whole third act was hilarious. The audience I saw with laughed (and then booed at the end). I just thought the movie started out wrong when the letter arrived written with the calligraphy and all the flashbacks showing up to show just how wounded Cage is. We do not need that. Just show him arriving on the island for an investigation of a missing child. Most of us in America have seen "Law & Order" and other procedural procedures. We entered the movie as if we were Cage's partners solving a mystery. <br /> <br /> So much potential ... wasted. Neil LaBute, keep the head images spoken to people who like their male parts and such movies. Stay with your own company of men. Leave the thrillers to the people who understand the thrillers. Here's your honey pot. I'll watch it.
