I'm currently sitting here, forcing myself to finish this. I think I blew 6 bux on VHS, and I can also suffer for it. I remember 4 or 5 years ago doing a search on the internet for the War of the Worlds on the rumors of Spielberg's film at the time, and I missed the old TV series of the early 1990s. The site realizes that this was a multimillion-dollar budget version of the classic book. It would be a "perfect translation". Perfect CRAP is more in tune with this movie. <br /> <br /> First of all, the video in this movie was missed! It looked like I was watching Full Motion Video from an old PC from the mid 90's or Playstation CD-Rom video game. Unfortunately, the color quality was similar. The acting made Shatners' classic "dramatic pause" seem almost of quality in Shakespeare. The CG representation of several scenes was horrible, and the green screen sequences were worse than the ones seen in the old Dukes of Hazardd scenes. <br /> <br /> Secondly, it is slow and dreadfully prolonged. I sat for 45 minutes of the video (no promotion at first) before the cylinder actually opened to reveal the first foreigner. After that, the alien was a terribly constructed CG squid. I'm now an hour away, and most of the alien armament I've seen is a crappy down-even disk attached to a mechanical arm. Dramatic scenes are murdered with overly done instruments. The last thing about this, for an alien invasion at the turn of the 19th century, no one is worried about his life. It's like they have no concept. Even if the media has been slow, word of mouth spreads quickly and people would know. The "illusion" of day and night was of poor quality at best. Simply changing the color around people to purple, blue or green does not mean NIGHT TIME. Maybe some light and real night shots had given a much better illusion. There are many wasted sequences throughout the film from just seeing the "hero" galloping or walking down silly roads. Continue with the movie. I know how people get around, you do not have to be so deep. <br /> <br /> Now, finally, an hour and 5 minutes in the movie and they show the alien machines. Powerful Morphin Power Rangers had more beautiful effects. Even the skeletons of vaporized humans seemed animated by a high school computer application class student. Animations do NOT match the scenery. <br /> <br /> To shut down people, if you want "The War of the Worlds," do one of four things. 1) Watch the 1953 original, 2) Watch the early 90s, 3) Wait for the Spielberg version to be released soon OR 4) Read Frikkin's book (something we've all probably done in elementary English class) . AVOID THIS MOVIE. IT'S A WASTE OF YOUR MONEY.
