Before this release, Neil LaBute had this to say about the 1973 original: "It's surprising how many people say it's their favorite soundtrack. I like it, come on! You may not like the new one, but if it is your favorite soundtrack. I do not know if I want you to like my movie. "Neil, a word. You may want to sit for this too; as Lord Summerisle says, shocks are much better absorbed with the knees bent. See, Neil, the thing about the original, is that the soundtrack of Paul Giovanni is one of the most celebrated things about it. The filmmakers themselves consider it a virtual musical. Along with Richard and Danny Thompson and Bert Jansch, practically started the Folk New Wave of the 1970s. Mining is like imagining Jaws without John Williams. Or the story of Buddy Holly without Buddy Holly. The result is one of the most surprisingly arrogant, meaningless remake of a British cult classic since Get Carter by Sly Stallone. <br /> <br /> The original apparently left Nicolas Cage "disturbed for about two weeks". So disturbed during the fortnightly window that he came up with the idea of ​​imagining one of the most subtle films on the interreligious struggle ever invented for a writer-director previously known for his wholly non-sudden depictions of machismo. It's like a parlor game: what would you get if Sam Peckinpah took Bambi? Or Gaspar "irreversible" Noe refez love, actually? (Actually, I'd really like to see it). Unfortunately, someone took this game seriously: all LaBute was able to do was tear the guts out of the original, at the same time overloading it with their own sexless worries. After failing to rescue a little girl and her mother from a fatal car accident, Cage's road patrol turns into a drugged torpor. So he gets a letter from ex-fiance Willow Woodward (who exchanges honors for praise), now living in the private Summersisle community ?? this extra 'means' superfluous' ?? and wants Edward to help locate the missing daughter Rowan. <br /> <br /> Summersisle, of course, is a woman-dominated joint, conceived as a refuge for oppressed and refugee women from the witch trials in Salem. Here the matriarchs observe Olde's ways, and the few males are almost silent race mules. It's like the Lilith Fair on a grand scale. The main export of Summersisle is honey? a symbolic and literal headache for Edward, as he is allergic to bees. "Beekeepers!" Edward cries. "They seem to be everywhere on this island!" Well, that's probably because the main export of Summersisle is honey. <br /> <br /> While doing his research, Edward hears a Mayday ritual called "the hour of death and rebirth." He discovers that the crop of the previous year failed; almost dies of bee stings; and eventually comes to a conclusion (a conclusion that admittedly could not be more obvious if the locals tattooed a timeline of events on the backs of their hands) that Rowan will be burned alive in a pagan rite to ensure a plentiful harvest. He also meets Queen Bee from the hive, sister Summersisle (Burstyn), who has his own plans for him involving the man of the same name Wicker Man: "The drone must die." <br /> <br /> First of all, the good news: any concerns that Cage was airborne flaming waving jaws of the Wicker Man at the last minute by a fleet of black CIA helicopters can be buried: he toasted. That's about the good news. "This is a story whose chapters have been carefully written," intoned Burstyn with sublime irony. While retaining the basic premise of the cat and the mouse (and credits typography), what remains leaves the original for a scorched earth policy. <br /> <br /> Crucial to Shaffer's original script was his Christian copper, according to ritual, came to the island of his free will? and most importantly, she was a virgin; the perfect sacrifice. By reducing the issues of sexual struggle, as opposed to a fight for religious power, LaBute presents the most insignificant qualifiers for a harvest sacrifice. By the time Cage worked out, he was the bait, you honestly could not care less. <br /> <br /> And Cage is one of the worst things in this; a dragged and dragged ass? an arsewit whose tongue seems a little too big for his mouth. "Goddamit" he groans after he hallucinates a drowned Rowan, with all the mental torment of a man who set his morning alarm clock half an hour earlier. Is it expected that your character's frequent dependence on pills has reduced him to that state? alternately fatigued, then filled with arrogant vim. If so, it is a good picture of an indistinct IQ sweetened with antidepressants. If not, you do not have to think. Like Willow, Beahan, with his disco-shaped eyes, is equally terrible, presenting his lines as if he were competing with Cage for delivering more than half of his heart. While Burstyn does not have all the mercurial threat to convince. Who is afraid of Naomi Wolf? <br /> <br /> Every element that made the original great? the lovingly detailed depictions of folk customs, the ingenious trail, the dialogue (Lord Staten's majestic "You did it beautifully!" was replaced by the least attractive "You did it excellently!" Whoah, man!) ?? were replaced by a sinuous sex battle thriller with occasional thumps. That is, walloping women; this is a LaBute movie, after all. Cage's sister Beech's fight is just one of the most embarrassing episodes; helpless little men will be screaming with joy at the way the arrogant hippie girls finally got what was coming to them, hyuk hyuk. <br /> <br /> The closing coda sees all the rotten mess fall apart under the weight of the cliché genre. : In a bar, two guys meet a couple of Summersisle maidens on shore leave, fishing chariots for new martyrs. At the time of your successful withdrawal, you expect the women to turn around and give an exaggerated wink and a thumb to the camera. One more thing: interested credit watchers may have noticed that movies with an exceptionally high producer count (up to 10) tend to be Not Much Cop. The wicker man has 18 producers in total.
