Usually, when I write a review for an online movie, it's for one of three reasons. Or I have found something exceptionally lacking in a movie that would otherwise have been excellent, I feel that the audience's perception of a movie before viewing it is inaccurate for several reasons, or I believe the purpose or message of a movie need to be clarified or explained with the help of other reviewers. Although all of these reasons seem to be a bit negative, I think writing a review that is nothing more than compliments and statements like "This is one of the best movies ever!", Does nothing to enlighten a possible viewer about their merits and disadvantages, nor do they often give reason as to why a movie is so good, it should be the first review point. With that said, the War of the Worlds is nothing more than a hasty and incompetent attempt to make money; supporting his despicable carcass in the multimillion-dollar advertising campaign of the film of the same name directed by Steven Spielberg. Many people will buy this DVD in anticipation of the summer blockbuster and much poorer souls will buy it looking for more material on the same subject. This movie is not even "so bad" that it becomes funny or captivating, but the audience will be so incredibly disappointed as to get to the point of anger. Now, with most of the insults out of the way, allow me to give some arguments as a warning to those more fortunate than me. Judging from the cover and lack of publicity for this movie (I found SAM's Club for $ 8), I assumed the cast would be nameless and that the special effects would not be anything spectacular. Checks. This is not a big problem for me, as I find a big budget and an excessive reliance on big names and IF can lessen an otherwise decent movie. I also did not expect to be surprised by a great dialogue or an encouraging score. Please check again. What I expected was a real and serious attempt at a classic theme and some alien / battle scenes. <br /> <br /> Now, according to IMDb's policy, any spoiler should be announced in advance, no matter how small, so here's a fair warning. The movie begins with a lot of small talk, followed by a visit to an observatory to see a red dot. Seriously, they are pictures of a red dot in a tube. It is very difficult to describe each small issue in depth, but at the end of the first ten minutes, the combination of unstable camera work, spliced ​​scenes and lots of walking begins to frustrate the viewer. However, the clothing is surprisingly not bad and the hope that the capsules reveal something mysterious keeps you moving. The next 30 minutes basically follow the following: one of the main characters walks to one of the pods, he looks at the pods and talks to another main character about looking at the pod and it can be hot. Both walk back to the city. These tours are not two seconds or added so that the dialogue can be changed. They are twenty seconds or more and are simply there to add filler to a three-hour already swollen film. In a particularly tiring scene, the main character is shown looking at a cocoon, so he is shown pacing from side to side, then he looks at the cocoon, then he does a one-minute walk into town and then comes to the City. enters a building, then drinks a cup of coffee and says "thank you Mary" to a servant who serves you coffee, then sets the coffee and leaves the building, then walks a few minutes through the field and back. to the pod. I apologize for the extreme sentence, but maybe that's the best way to sum up the whole movie. Characters talk a lot about mundane things, they walk a lot, have other people walk, the camera oscillates between high speed and low speed, but without any dramatic effect, the cameraman is just in Tech's second year somewhere. The issue is unbelievably bad. People's actions make little sense. For example, when the teacher goes to a farmer's house and says he needs the farmer to give him a ride to town, the farmer stutters and walks around. When the teacher says there is a cocoon and the men can get trapped inside, the farmer locks it in a shed just to see the teacher pick up a fork and open the weak shed a second later. Nothing of any consequence, of course, comes from all this scene, as the teacher runs to the main character, a moment later, so they can start their afternoon walk. The entire movie looks as if someone once had a good idea of ​​making a movie, but absolutely no idea how to get it moving. I've seen better high school video productions. Finally, the special effects are laughable and do nothing to advance the story. I have the impression that the director really wanted this movie to become a cult classic of garbage exaggeration. However, it is so terrible in technical aspects, and in the common sense that it only drives people crazy. Avoid this movie at all costs.
