You do not expect too much from a RPC framework, and with rare exceptions - especially from Edgar G. Ulmer and some from Joseph H. Lewis or Lew Landers - is exactly what you get: not much. This "epic" about the Nazis in Africa trying to incite an Arab revolt against the British is not much different. The script, written by longtime hackers from the PRC, Arthur St. Claire and Sherman Lowe, is banal, laughable, full of bland "jokes" and plot holes the size of Outer Mongolia. The long-term direction of PRC's budget expert, Al Herman, is, at best, semi-comatose. The performances, however - except for Walter Woolf King, spectacularly incompetent and annoying, are not really bad. The veteran comedian Parkyakarkus is actually the best thing in the movie. He plays a Brooklyn guy disguised as a razor-blades seller and lights up the screen considerably when he appears. He has a great timing comic, charm to spare and seems to be having a lot of fun. Duncan Renaldo is reasonably convincing as an Arab sheikh - despite his Spanish accent - and evil veteran George J. Lewis as Renaldo's Arab rival does his good job of villainy, even if he is a bit overdone at times. Joan Woodbury is quite beautiful and has a beautiful touch of light, and she and Renaldo have a great chemistry together, though - like the rest of the cast - she does not have any with King. H.B. Warner, whose career extended to the age of silence, lends a grain of dignity to the process of low income, even though he blows his lines several times and, PRC being PRC, they have not been cut. There is a lot of material interspersed with a big budget silent film with a similar Arab theme - although I have no idea which one it is - and, PRC being PRC, no effort was made to try to make it invisible: I rarely saw images that were so clearly obvious. "A Yankee in Libya" is not very good, of course - well, okay, that stinks - but it would be worth looking just to see Parkyakarkus in its heyday. I had heard of him and knew he was the father of actor / director Albert Brooks and Super Dave Osborne, but had never seen him before. It pays to watch this "extravaganza" of the tenth edition of the PRC just to see it in action. Forget it.
