Have you just loved opening sequences like "Seven Wives for Satan"? During the introduction, there is a naked girl running through the forest, chased by a hunting dog and an evil-looking face on a horse until she falls off a cliff and opens her head on a rock. Then the camera zooms in on the guy's face and we notice how he is simply sitting behind a desk while his secretary waits for him to sign some papers. "Oh I'm sorry, I was lost in my thoughts ??" he says so! Sweet, I came across another crazy movie. Even if you only understand a minimum of French and take a look at the original title, you immediately know that "Seven Women by Satan" has nothing to do with Satan or ritual sacrifices, but simply revolves around the extravagant escapades of a perverted count and mentally unstable during his weekend in the field. Is this, in fact, another despicable variation on the classic landmark "The Most Dangerous Game" about the disturbing hobby of a lunatic to hunt people? preferably nude hot chicks - in the woods for sports. Well, in fact, this is more than just a variation of the 1932 classic, as writer / director / actor Michel Lemoine intended to directly link his protagonist to Leslie Banks' legendary villain in "The Most Dangerous Game." Count Zaroff is supposed to be Count Zaroff's original son, but he traded his private island for the remote French interior. He also can no longer afford to be unemployed, so he is an office worker Monday through Friday and is a maniac killer over the weekend. Zaroff is a genuine weirdo who hallucinates to dance with a dead woman, but actually drives his car over the living. His butler promised to stop Zaroffs from killing, but he's obviously doing a lousy job. There is no depth in the script and the buildup certainly does not pay attention to the suspense or the sinister atmosphere. Actually, the only useful thing to do during this movie is to tell the girls who are attracted to Zaroff's deceptive trap and hope they reach seven quickly. Half of the film is useless and boring, like the erotic dance act in which a statue inexplicably turns into a muscular black guy (???), and the other half exists of the psychedelic sleaze that eventually becomes tiring too All the girls seem sweeping I have the impression that it was Michel Lemoine's intention to imitate his friend Jean Rollin and make a delirious and sensual sexual thriller. "Seven Women for Satan" is a French production, so inevitably it also starred in Jess Franco's Howard Vernon ("The Terrible Dr. Orloff", "Lake of the Zombies"). Lemoine himself certainly looks like a crazy killer, but not the talent to represent one.
