The 1930s was a golden era of Los Angeles with its film industry and great potential of several other possibilities to become rich, famous and happy. People were getting there hoping to fulfill their dreams. Waiting with open arms and welcoming, there were only a few who succeeded and found their way to stardom, a majority then condemned to starving, disillusioned and unwanted, seeking a little respect in dirty bars and unpleasant hotel rooms. <br /> <br /> The young Italo-American writer Arturo Bandini arrives in LA on a similar mission - to spread his charms to get one of those beautiful rich women and write a great novel that would put him on a career. , having hitherto written a single tale published in an obscure anthology. Wanting to create a romantic masterpiece, he seems to be unable to produce anything without trying it, though occasionally he sends pieces of magazine stories to a local publisher who helps him survive. He is proud to introduce himself as an Italian, but deep down in the heart he really feels his Italian origin as a burden. The little money and the courage to conquer the world he once had were all very much though and watching his dream turn into a hangover he has a last nickel to spend. <br /> <br /> The coffee she brought was cold and sour and spitting a curse on her causes an endless list of insults, unapologetic excuses and a love hidden beneath. Camilla being an uneducated girl trying to receive American citizenship through a marriage also carries her heavy cross of a non-perspective racial heritage. Although she is a much stronger and more experienced person, her situation as a beautiful Mexican woman is much more difficult to deal with than Arturo is able to perceive. <br /> <br /> Is it obvious that Arturo finds his inspiration to work on the novel? Is it possible that their love finally finds its place in the sun? Is it likely that their romance has a bad luck? <br /> <br /> It is very surprising to find that the chemistry between the two main characters, played by Salma Hayek and Colin Farrell, does not work. The relationship does not have raw and authentic feelings. Hayek, though alive, a character compared to Farrell's, forgot to arm Camilla with the passion and strength of his once-brilliant character Frida. It is also difficult to have faith in a character who is intelligent but uneducated and illiterate, uses rather complicated vocabulary and complicated phrases. A stronger character from Phil Marlowe would be better for Farrell, although he looks impressive in a period costume, he seems very lost trying to find the fragile world of a twenty-year-old dreamer balancing between a hidden love and a desire to be true to him same. <br /> <br /> Feeling embarrassed to see the two on the screen is not right. Their relationship may have been savage, but thunder and lightning are more likely to be without storm, away from true passion, feelings that we have just described, and which are not felt within. It is very sad that such a potential of an interesting script and good actors has been wasted, turned into a gray medium of soon to be forgotten.
