It must have been unbearable to watch the shoot while the shooting continued in that flaw of a movie. Probably Cruise, the Exec. He saw what was happening, and Towne used much, much more of the nude filming on the final cut that Towne wanted, to make up for the disaster he'd seen appearing (perhaps Cruise had even thought of "Titanic"). Some items: Colin Farrell can not get out of a paper bag. But he is one of the flavors of the decade, the darling of a producer and is forced to avoid the embarrassment of seeing him not attending his films. He has so many moments of not believing what he's doing and you can see it in his eyes. I think he'd be at his best as a movie actor, though not as rich or famous as he is now, playing second banana for dynamic leads that can take action. The trap of spending lots of money for scenery, costumes, cars, etc. and photograph them as if they had just left the laundry room or the car wash / wax. No one seems to want anything to look well worn. Or dirty. This is because the production producer was informed by the line producer to make sure that they would not spoil the material because then the company would have to pay for the ruined items? <br /> <br /> This was a story about depression. thirty years, not a Disney Broadway musical about that time. How about doing it in black and white or better yet, given Caleb Deschanel as his D.P., have him desaturate the colors during the mix to suggest some of the dirt and real poverty of the times. It must have been, after all, a bit depressing to live as desperately as these people did in the Depression. More about Farrell. Did someone for a moment believe this guy was a writer? H.L. Mencken on the wall; Did I see your eyes roll in one spot? Hayek and Farrell as a sexually dynamic duo? Sending a boy to do a man's job? Maybe in the book, which I did not read, the story was about an older woman and a young man. I can not dive too deep into the middle for the later parts of the movie because I left early. But the memory of the scenes I saw made me think that someone was making a not-so-funny parody of a noir movie. Kind of what Saturday Night Live has been in the last decade: it's not funny. (In my head I kept thinking about an outline of Guy Noir, music and everything.)
