Ned Kelly (Ledger), the infamous crook and Australian legend. More or less like Robin Hood, with a mix of Billy the Kid, Australians love the legend of how he faced the aristocratic English oppression and united the lower classes to change Australia forever. The fact that the lower classes of the era were about 70% of immigrant criminals seems to be skimmed by this film. In fact, some of the so-called "facts" in this film are, in reflection, somewhat dubious. I suppose the suspicions must have been aroused when, in the opening credits, it was alleged that the movie is based on the book "Our Sunshine." If ever a romanticized version of truth could be seen in a name for a book, there it was. This would not be a historical epic, but only an adaptation of one of Ned Kelly's many dubious legends, despite a stern and brutal version. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Ned Kelly is no more than an Overblown Hallmark channel "real life historical drama" wannabe! The story progresses at an alarming rate (alarming because a movie has never crept so slowly!) The numbing sensation after two hours of pure suspense brought back memories of Costner's terrible Wyatt Earp so many years ago. Simply put, nothing happens in the movie, but it takes a long time to get to that nothing. This could have been a bit more bearable if the performances were good (because the direction certainly was not). However, unless you are looking to play a game of detecting the worst Oirish accent, then you will be disappointed. Between that, the game of "Who has the stubborn beard?", "Discover the obvious traitor!" (lane, they are all ginger for some reason), and "Nature in Australia.including lions", is an experience similar to hurrying through Hallmark, The History Channel, Discovery Channel and Neighbors while suffering a huge hangover. Yes, nature appears a lot, as to fill even more time (possibly an attempt to look artistic), the film continues to show uselessly shots of wildlife, and once all native species are shown, here is a circus to allow a camel and a lion (which is used during a struggle to try to make us really feel more sorry for the lion than the massacred people). <br /> <br /> This is a turgid and emotionless piece of historical fuzz that should have gone straight to TV. There is not even a good word I can say about this movie. Even the normally fantastic Rush seems ashamed to be here. When one of the characters comments that there are only two bullets for him and his friend, I myself was longing to have a gun to take any memory of that movie out of my head!
