I can not get the message out of this movie. It is very clear to be ignored, and it is obscene because you have lost track of what you are. I did not read the novel, but Pollack's film begins with a scene in a CIA organization in New York that is invaded by two professional assassins, led by Max von Sydow, who continue to brutally slaughter half a dozen weird staffers. members we know and understand. The staff includes an elderly female receptionist, a nervous elderly teacher face that is wig drops when he is strafing (is it a joke?) And lastly, the beautiful Tina Chen who looks up from the copier, realizes that she is about to be murdered, and says, woefully brave, "I will not scream." Von Sydow responds sympathetically: "I know." These killings are completely unexpected, wild, unmotivated by anything we are aware of and graphics. It's a brutal scene. <br /> <br /> There is absolutely no way in which von Sydow and his henchman can be redeemed. And yet it's exactly what Pollack tries to do in the end. <br /> After killing these innocent good guys, von Sydow changes sides (because the other side is willing to pay him) and murders the evil brain. behind an intricate intramural CIA plot. The script then transforms him into a perfectly reasonable and sensitive human being. "It's better to live in Europe. Things are not so rushed." As you wish. I swear I'm not making this up. Pollack wants us to believe that it's better to be an honest mass murderer than a crooked bureaucrat. That's the message. You should write it down if you forget it. Exactly what kind of psychiatric confusion do you have to be to transform common values, not to mention common sense, upside down? I understand that there are thoughtful adults who do not like the US government, even hate it, and who see conspiracies almost everywhere, providing an automatic explanation for events that would otherwise be unexplained. I know people who think so exist because I quote some of them from my closest friends. Nevertheless, at some point this antipathy, this hatred, if it increases in intensity, must go beyond politics or ethics and enter into psychiatry. I do not believe for a moment that a man who kills people for money is better than a sinister government official. I do not care how mild and cultured the killer is or if he knows how to get to the Louvre on the subway. Whoever is sending this message needs medication or meditation. <br /> <br /> I wish I could argue that production is as rotten as your message, but I can not. It is very well done. (In a way, this is worse because it makes the film less disposable.) Even New York City seems to be photogenic on the screen. And it's been a long time since I thought of New York as a photogenic. Robert Redford does an admirable job of projecting the initial shock and confusion of his character, but then transforms into a semi-genius of telecommunication. And, man, he looks good! Your wardrobe is all right. Even your rimless glasses are becoming. And his coat. It's not everyone who can make a sailor's jacket look glamorous. He looks extremely handsome too, the pig. I want to stay like this. I want to wear a jeans shirt and a tie with such a panache. Faye Dunaway is fine in her role, but it is not a very believable role. Would someone sleep eagerly with a guy who just kidnapped her and is holding her with a gun? Even if he looked like Redford? Would someone be emotionally hurt if, when this ambivalent relationship was about to end, Redford asked her not to tell anyone about what happened? Cliff Robertson is surprisingly good. It does one or two extremely good duplications. The postman is superb. The fight between him and Redford in a crowded apartment is exquisitely choreographed and, for the first time, we do not know for sure how it will be, because Redford (a book reader, after all) seems to be incompatible with his gross cunning. killer. This is one of John Housemann's final papers. A shame. He is a magnet on the screen. And what an end to his life: a friend finds him lost, wandering the streets of New York, in a neighborhood he had known most of his life. <br /> <br /> Yes, the film is very well executed, but I can not ignore this vicious and paranoid message. I have the same problem with Leni Riefenstahl's "Triumph of the Will". Or the Olympic documentary in which the presenter watches a foot race in which Jesse Owens is pulling forward and says menacingly, "This Negro is dangerous."
