It's kind of hard for me to say that because I really enjoyed both Targets and Paper Moon, but I thought "The Last Picture Show" was a somewhat fascinating but overly self-indulgent film. His main positive, as far as I'm concerned, is the stunning photography. But for me the film had nothing to offer but superficial beauty (and a kind of hidden beauty in that). The characters were very difficult to relate to or care about. Basically, you had this very slow rhythm and naturalistic acting style, but it was all there to sustain a very stereotypical and predictable story, complete with all the apparatus one would expect from any small-town melodrama-everything from the boy cheating on his wife from your teacher to the handicapped kid that everyone chooses. It was like "American Graffiti" without the joy of life. <br /> <br /> Some may say that this film is more realistic - nowadays many people seem to think that realism is the only virtue a movie can possess. But to me the film was simply oppressive, and I want to see it again as badly as I would like to spend a few hours in that miserable city where the characters live. <br /> <br /> Maybe this movie really only belongs to your time - maybe if I had seen it in 1971 I would have been impressed by its novelty just by seeing something different on the screen. But that would basically presuppose that I had never seen anything like, say, Godard's "Breathless." Perhaps the explicit references to classic films have attracted the film's nerd in me and helped me ignore some of the film's weaknesses. But in the post-Tarantino world it hardly seems unique or special. <br /> <br /> It's interesting how he uses the films in the film to give more depth to his own film. We watch 3 movies as I remember in the photo show. First we see Vincente Minnelli's "Father of the Bride" - Liz Taylor's exquisite looks provide a contrast to Sonny's girlfriend and Minnelli's middle-upper middle class contrasts with the character's "real life" environment similar. Later clips of Howard Hawks' "Red River" emphasize the theme of a broken friendship between a mentor and a protégé. This really reminds me that Bogdanovich is kissing the butt of his own mentor as much as he did if I well remember while selecting a Hawks movie as part of his own daydream on screen with Boris Karloff in "Targets." I think in 1971 that sort of thing was new, but looking at it today seems self-indulgent, like so much of the rest of the movie. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, I'd rather see another Hawks, Ford or Minnelli movie than have the Bogdanovich movie remind us of why they were so impressive in such a subtle way. Perhaps he intends to remind us of the giants whose time has passed - all he really does is remind us how small he and most of his contemporaries are in relation.
