We should all congratulate Uwe Boll. He did the unthinkable. He may be the only director to have two movies at the end of the 100 in IMDb! He's kind of like a movie cheap. No matter how small talent he has, and no matter how bad these films are, he can continue to do so. I know, he funds them all through some kind of bizarre German background, but even so, his ability to keep making movies despite the absolute and utter failure is one of the great mysteries of the universe. <br /> <br /> It would not be so bad, except that video game developers keep giving their best properties to this guy. I really enjoyed the Alone in the Dark series of games. Even the latest, New Nightmare, was good for a few hours of gameplay. There was a good movie to be made from the adventures of Edward Carnby, but that's not it. Now Uwe Boll got his hands on Bloodrayne and Hunter: the Reckoning. What's next, Silent Hill? Disgrace? I can only imagine the track that this guy will cut through game adaptations to film if he is not stopped. Someone needs to take out their line of credit, or these video game publishers need to understand and realize that when they make a bad movie from a game that kills the franchise, no one else is interested in that title. Think of it, House of the Dead or Alone in the Dark is a more viable game title? No way. A new House of the Dead game comes out for X-Box and no one will mind. The title is dead and all because of Uwe Boll. So if any of you out there working for a game publisher, meeting a game publisher, or having access to a game publisher ... please let them know. <br /> <br /> This movie itself is not even worth reviewing. I can not separate what I did not like about that pile of dung from the rest. Literally, all about it sucks. Writing, acting, music, CG effects, editing. I thought that if I waited until it came out on DVD and then rented with low expectations, I would not be disappointed. Boy, was I wrong. Never underestimate Uwe's ability to produce a large, steaming BOLL sh * t stack.
