I usually start re-broadcasting the premise of the movie, but before anyone makes any hasty judgment about my criticism, let me start by saying that I am someone who likes most movies (just check my other reviews). Alone in the Dark is a film by director Uwe Boll, whose film, shortly before this one, was House of the Dead (2003). Like Alone in the Dark, it was also a cinematic adaptation of a video game. Almost everyone hated it. Well, I loved it. I even gave 10 out of 10! My point in stating this (which will certainly discourage some readers right away) is that even if I hated Alone in the Dark, there must be something wrong with that. <br /> <br /> The premise: Who am I kidding? Trying to establish a premise for this movie is as easy as trying to balance the budget of the United States, but here it goes anyway. Some archaeologists have discovered evidence of some lost Native American tribe. The indigenous tribe apparently discovered some means of approaching the "second world," which was malefical in nature. Bad things wiped them out, but not before they could lock the door to the evil world and throw away the key. Later, some scientist / government researcher who was experimenting with the paranormal, and specifically this tribe, decided to try some kids, to try to produce some kind of hybrid with the second world. (Believe it or not - everything to this point and then we are told in a written prologue of the film - it's just blank text traversing a black screen with a narration and also reading for us). So there was something about the children being in an orphanage, but the government takes them back, and then a group of people are looking for archaeological relics, and there are superhumans wandering around, and a bunch of military is called and so onwards. <br /> <br /> In fact, the exhibition never stops for real. It's like an endless story of hell. There are enough ideas here to fill at least 10 movies, maybe 25. But none of them are presented consistently to create a good movie. In addition to the mystical lost Indian tribe and superhumans, we also have monsters that resemble a cross between Alien and a werewolf, worms that invade his body and turn into snake-like aliens, digging underground worms, zombies, type wars Starship Trooper, evil scientists, subterranean tunnels, gold mines, scary warehouses, impalements, large museums, government conspiracies, gold trunks plucked from the sea, nuns, explosions, complex plots of traitors, a very ambiguous novel, car chases, invasions of houses, kitchen sinks. . . Wait, I do not remember if that last one was in the movie. Even more surprising (playfully?) In Fangoria # 240, producer Shawn Williamson was quoted as saying, "We're spending a lot more time in history being very meticulous about it." Tara Reid called Alone in the Dark "a smarter movie". <br /> <br /> Let me not fool anyone. Many of these things above may sound hot to the potential audience of this movie, but the problem is that nothing has the slightest connection to anything else. I usually had no idea what the relationship of any scenario was with any other scenario, why we were there, or what someone was doing (at least when each scene started). It's just a random mix of scenarios and clichés, as if director Uwe Boll had 250 unrelated ideas on a hat and pulled them out as lottery numbers. Then, by the time he finished, he and editor Richard Schwadel decided to cut the movie using data, and then reassembled by playing the I Ching. Sometimes the film plays like a roll of an extended director (which is a combination of short, varied and unrelated scenes that the directors circulate to try to get work), but maybe this is too generous. I do not know if Boll could work if it was his roll. <br /> <br /> Just like at least I like most movies, I tend to like most actors and most of the performances. It's very rare to say that a performance was bad. Well, Tara Reid was bad here - and I'm someone who usually likes Reid. I do not know what happened. For a large percentage of the film, they just move it around the device as a prop. They might as well have just bought an inflatable doll. This would have saved money that they could have used for some cgi ghosts and vampires in castle and graveyard scenarios. Perhaps they have chosen to move it like a beautiful piece of floating wood after they have seen the diaries of their meaningless dialogue in a monotonous tone that is usually reserved to entertain mother in law. <br /> <br /> And speaking of this dialogue, much of Alone in the Dark plays like a Godzilla movie without Godzilla. By that, I mean it's a lot of pseudo-scientific problems. At least in the Godzilla movies, there is a camp climate because they know how ridiculous it is, and there is a great reward in seeing Godzilla destroy the center and fight a giant mosquito with radioactive death rays shot from his eyes or something like that . <br /> <br /> What Stephen Dorff and Christian Slater are doing here, besides exaggerating and opening lawsuits against their agents, is hard to say. I can not say that I thought someone in the movie did a decent performance, although perhaps at least Slater had seen the cigar. I think this is unprecedented for me. <br /> <br /> Still, I did not give this movie 1. There was some compelling cinematography, even if Boll and Schwadel took a piece of meat out of it. the final credits were good. Even the prologue to the novel was not so bad. I really thought the movie had promise at the time. But this may be the worst movie I've ever seen with a budget of 20 million or more.
