This film proves that not every movie made during the glory days of Hollywood is worth seeing. Just because you have an excellent cast does not mean that this can outweigh a script that was probably written by a chimp! Think about it - the movie featured Richard Widmark, Lauren Bacall, Charles Boyer, Gloria Graham, Lillian Gish and Paul Stewart and it was still a bad movie! The basic premise of the film is not bad - a private psychiatric hospital where employees are more injured than patients! In addition, the subplot involving the overworked husband and wife (Widmark and Graham) was promising. However, the script was treated with all the delicacy and dexterity of a drunken buffalo - bellicose and much on the main scenes again and again in the film. In fact, it was less like a drama and more like a very bad episode of "General Hospital." Subtle, this movie is not !! Realistically, this movie is not !! <br /> <br /> Although most of the motive in this film smells of a horrible script, I also blame the producers for also cheating and abusing veteran actors. For example, Paul Stewart may not be a household name, but this actor has exceptional talent - especially when playing gangsters on Film Noir films. However, Stewart is a psychiatrist with a bizarre European accent - it simply did not work, since he was out of range and his character was totally underdeveloped and one-dimensional. Besides, Charles Boyer just seemed irretrievably misused and totally out of place. Seeing this excellent romantic actor as a psychiatrist in the heart of America seemed bizarre. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is a horrible movie. It is very assistive in a kind of train disaster but it certainly is not very beautiful. My wife and I did not like the film very much, but we also felt that it could have been very good if the writing was competent. PS - In an art case imitating life, Oscar Levant played one of the patients. . In real life, the brilliant Levant spent much of his life in and out of mental institutions.
