First of all, I would like to point out that this film has absolutely nothing to do with the history of Dutch ghost ship folklore which is also called THE DUTCH AVENGER. In this movie, you will not see a single sailboat. You will not see sailors, ghosts or anything remotely exciting. It's not the story of the ghost ship, and I wish they would have notified us on the main credits or I would not have watched it, because I actually thought it was the movie about the legend. It seems that many people think that the movie has to do with the legend of the ghost ship, since the movie is listed on the Wikipedia page for the legend of "Flying Dutchman" ... I do not understand why. Is it perhaps based on the legend reminding "The Wandering Jew"? Or maybe they just adapted the worst parts of the legend? The film begins with a fight sequence that allows anyone to wait for the movie to have battle scenes. Unfortunately, it's the only battle scene in the movie. So you see Daniel Emilfork (who was Krank in the City of Lost Children) for about two seconds, and that would let anyone wait for the movie to perform well. Unfortunately he is very bad in the movie. The same thing can be said about the Italian actor Nino Manfredi, who was one of the best actors in Italy, and who is condemned here to play a crazy bird organizer with no history, whose sole purpose is to appear to be the "wise man" movie. And man, this movie needs wisdom! All the other characters in the story seem to enjoy swimming in excrement, shouting, torturing others (in excrement), fornicating (in excrement) or putting in excrement a little more just for fun. It seems to be so much fun that every character in the story has its turn being thrown in the feces at one point or another. Coming from a Dutch director, you may think that extreme dirt and shocking dirt are necessary elements in a play of the period, elements that contributed to make the film by Dutch filmmaker Paul Verhoeven, "Flesh + Blood", a great film. The thought of "Flesh + Blood" would let anyone expect a similarly filthy and visually direct movie to be good. Unfortunately, unlike "Flesh + Blood", there is no dramatic progression, no fighting, no good acting and, simply not "Flesh and Blood". The photograph, as the opening sequence unfolds, is well made and attractive. This also stops very early in the movie. The music, by Nicola Piovani (of the fame of "La vità e bella") is repetitive and annoying, if not irrelevant (sometimes implies that there is grandeur in a sequence while on the screen the actors are splashing liquid). Throughout the first "act" of the film, which lasts no less than an hour (!), The film takes place within the same perimeter, which sits around the farm where the main characters live. The characters play a lot with excrement, drown in it, touch it. A long period of time elapses through numerous ellipses to allow the main character, a young man who likes to play in the excrement, become older and throw in the excrement a little more. The birdman talks a lot to say silly things in Italian. The Spanish conquistadors speak French. Nothing makes sense. Everything is confusing and takes hours to happen. Then there is a second act called "the Ship," in which we see what could have been a ship, long ago, but which is now the remains of a ship (covered in excrement I mentioned?). The main character, while walking a little further from the farm, just happens to run into it, and decides that it is very cool, so let's live in it. The hunchback who lived on him before is trying to kill him, but he really does not care because (I mentioned?) He's not very smart. He thinks the ship can sail and hopes to sail it, until more conquerors appear (at least they seemed to be conquerors because of Don Quixote style hats, but as I said it's really confusing who's who), make the Dutch a prisoner , along with the retarded hunchback, and they burn the ship on the ground. The last part of the film, which is really hard to bear for the viewer because it consists only of more excrement, with even more retarded middle-aged peasants fighting it, occurs in a madhouse. Even more torture and drowning each other with feces. Even more time for the director, who seems to have definitely given up on his work, or moved on to the team's second camera assistant to do the rest of the work. In the end, many of the new mentally challenged "friends" that the Dutch made died. The woman with whom he had sex, who was his brother's wife, tries to persuade him to meet his son. The Dutchman and his son talk. The film ends after two hours of filthy images and calamitous performances and techniques. So the credits roll and the viewer feels immensely free from having to watch atrocious movies without any plot pretending to be something exciting like fantasy films based on legends as long as they are no more than a mere catalog of how much a few films excrement they do not have enough financial power to put battles or even horses.
