The same night I watched this, I also watched "Scary Movie 4", creating a messy double movie. Unfortunately, for these murderous tomatoes, they would not bear the laughter that is the horror movie franchise. While I was fighting boredom here watching jokes that were silly and stupid, brutally dated and brutally bad, the latest parody made me laugh out loud. How could I want more than that? Director John De Bello uses the basic premise that some kind of growth hormone has gone terribly wrong and turned the tomatoes into killers. But its main goal here is to take a look at the genre of disaster film that was so great in the past. The script smells of heavy humor, and maybe if you pick up illegal substances with your movie nights, this might be your cup of tea. I, sober, was stuck watching an adult man cover up like a tomato. And that joke, this is never funny, where the discrepancy between the Japanese actor and the voice is also here. Some may laugh, I did not. They even had a joke of Hitler that was not funny, and I thought all of Hitler's jokes were funny. <br /> <br /> The narrative of this film is so fragmented (without good reason) that it is almost impossible to explain. Tomatoes kill people, the government tries to stop it, bad jokes are told. Your goal may have been right because your targets include the media, consumerism and paranoia (three things that still control our lives today). Oddly enough, the main selling point of this movie, those damn tomatoes, really does not look like much. And when they catch it, they are thrown by real tomatoes. This washed-up trick did not do anything to me as I get very little to see a pack of tomatoes devour a body, thanks to the magic of stop action camera tricks. There is also a fear of going to work here that prevents this movie from being really funny. The joke of having someone sleeping in almost every scene may appeal to some members of the audience, but it is more than likely to be seen as an invitation to participate in the fun. <br /> <br /> I can also add that it seems to be some old-fashioned human selfishness at work here. The man eats tomatoes and this is dinner, tomato eats man and this is a world catastrophe. But this is how the world works. In the movie, the product becomes bad because of the genetic modification, but in the real world, our product (see: Taco Bell) becomes bad thanks to negligence. And like those evil green onions, the lifespan of this movie has long since expired. There are some good laughs. The last shot was really splendid, but it did not even come close enough to save that moderate bomb. I'm sure there's a good movie buried within that concept, but the script needed to be filtered by about a dozen re-writers to get there. And by "there" I mean the level of "Scary Movie 4". ** 1/4
