In case you are a cult film connoisseur and / or make bad movies, is there a certain point in life? preferably sooner rather than later? that you have to watch "Attack of the Killer Tomatoes". It is an inescapable certainty, since this is one of the most notoriously terrible cult films ever made. A small, but essential, detail is that "Attack of the Killer Tomatoes" is deliberately horrible. From the opening message, mocking Alfred Hitchcock's "The Birds," this is clearly meant for a zero-budget parody, and I can not escape the impression that writer / director John De Bello never expected his film to become a success so big. . The film mimics the contemporary popular trend of so-called "eco-horror" films (plants, animals and nature in general revolting against humanity) and introduces the less threatening type of vegetable imaginable as invincible deadly machines. A secret government farm project to produce bigger and tastier tomatoes gives terribly wrong and soon there are reports of tomato attacks coming across the country. The president assembles a Special Forces team to fight the succulent enemy, which includes secret agents with very specific areas of expertise and scientists with hideously dubbed voices. The first half hour of "Assassin's Tomato Attack" is a lot of fun. As silly as it is, the sight of normally shaped vegetables jumping from the sink and attacking hysterical housewives is quite original and funny. The first half hour also contains countless memorable moments, such as the captivating theme song, the homage to "Jaws" and the infamous unforeseen helicopter crash (see Curiosities section for more details) that reached the final cut. After that, however, everything turns into a tedious, unstructured and unbearably amateurish mess. The quality level of the jokes goes from fresh and inventive to embarrassing and frankly it's not funny and there are many characters and sub-plots. Personally I prefer the late 80's and early 90's (which I saw before seeing the original) because they benefit from slightly better production values, incredibly exaggerated special effects from tomatoes and the presence of veteran actor John Astin (" The Addams "Family") as the mad scientist Dr. Gangreen.But, as has been said before, the original inexplicably remains mandatory at some point in his life.
