*** Warning - This review contains "spoilers," though nothing can "ruin" this movie any more than it already is. This is really bad. Before I start, I'd like everyone to know that this is definitely one of those incredibly bad movies that come down to laughter. If you are in a good mood and need a very healthy laugh, this is the movie for you. Now, without further ado, my comment: <br /> <br /> This movie was found in a box of bargains at Wal-Mart. This should be the first clue to how good a movie is. Second, it stars Dolph Lundgren. This should be the second clue to how good a movie is. I'm still shocked that it was put on DVD (who would spend their money doing such a thing?), Though, as you can imagine, there are no extras or bonus images on the DVD. In fact, there is not even a menu; the movie just starts playing. <br /> <br /> First, the writer of this film deserves to be tortured and killed. Has one of the worst scripts ever written and is plagued by terrible one-liners; incredibly unbelievable and false dialogue; and inappropriate comments (such as Lee's commentary on Lundgren's masculinity, which I will mention later). There is not a single line of sincere sound throughout the film. The dialogue and plot go hand in hand, as the script and storyline progress in a totally meaningless way. The two cops hate each other for no apparent reason at first, and then again, for no reason, Lee's character approaches the side of the road, runs to the other side of the car and says "I am." I will not let you go alone, because despite me, I like you! And I do not want to see you being killed! . or something, anyway. There are disgusting one-liners, especially from Lee. For example, when fighting a bad guy, Lee says, "You have the right to remain silent. You have the right to be dead! Finally, I will mention Lee's entirely inappropriate and pointless commentary on Lundgren's lower regions. When bandits begin to attack after a seemingly random love scene between Lundgren and Carrere, and Lundgren decides to face them in his underwear, Lee tells him: "If we died, I just wanted to let you know that you have the biggest cock I've ever seen (Lee never actually sees Lundgren naked, then how would he know?), but the writer played it in the script anyway.The whole movie looks like some kind After Lee and Lundgren, who only wear underwear, defeat all these bad guys, Lee makes a comment that is also really beautiful: 'Wow, this is like a video game, we just defeated the first wave! <br /> <br /> Secondly, the plot of this film is negligible. <br /> <br /> The trailer for this movie - which IMDb has available for viewing, by the way - makes it look like the movie is about two policemen trying to stop the Japanese Yakuza from taking over Lost Angeles. This is extremely misleading, however, since the film has practically nothing to do with it. They make brief and vague references to Yakuza trying to start a meth-drug business with local drug dealers, but the entire film revolves around a poorly written attempt by Kenner (Lundgren's character) to avenge the death of his parents, whom The leader of the Yakuza (named Yoshida) killed when he was only 9 years old. The whole plot can basically be summed up like this: Yoshida wants Kenner killed, Kenner wants Yoshida to die, and the two try to kill themselves. And of course, all the time the sarcastic sidekick (named Johnny and played by Brandon Lee) acts like an ignorant idiot, and Aunt Carrere gets naked. twice. <br /> <br /> Acting is one of the worst parts of the whole movie. The dialogue is so unreal, and his totally insincere portrait emphasizes it even more. You'd expect the bad acting action stars anyway, but this movie highlights some of the most unimaginably bad acting ever recorded. <br /> <br /> Finally we get to the heart of the film's baseness: the blatantly bad action. There are so many surprisingly bad and unrealistic action sequences in this movie, it's simply amazing that they have managed to fit them all together. Although Lee has his share of bad scenes as well, most of the truly terrible action involves Lundgren. For example, Lundgren takes indifferent four or five kung fu thugs with one hand, without spilling the tea. Then, when surprised by a car at high speed, Lundgren leaps casually over it. Or how about when he arrives through a closed door, picks up the villain on the other side, pulls him back through the door and hits him? Or when he picks up Tia Carrere, she walks softly (does not run) back through a glass door that splinters around her, and jumps up to a floor with Aunt still on her arm, only to lift an entire car without the and uses it as a barricade to protect them from bullets? All the shameless shootings are terrible too, with Lundgren and Lee killing all the bad guys instantly, while the hail of bullets from their fifty attackers never seems to hit any of them. This is, of course, until the last fight scene of the movie. Lundgren takes a blank shot in his bare chest in a region that, even if he could lose his heart, would still immediately begin to fill his lungs with blood and kill him in a matter of seconds. Despite this, Lundgren remains in excellent condition and manages to fight in the middle of a parade with Yoshida, the evil supervillain. And, of course, the people who pass the parade dressed as samurai are carrying REAL, totally sharp katanas that the two of them use to fight with swords. Now, in addition to his bullet wound, Lundgren receives several deep slices in his chest and arms. Does that prevent you? No of course not! In fact, a few seconds after easily killing the evil Yoshida (who gets stuck on a dart wheel and then explodes for no reason), Lundgren casually leaves with Aunt and Lee as if he is not hurt. God, it's terrible. <br /> <br /> All these factors are mixed up to a totally unnecessary and gratuitous naked scene every five minutes including topless women at a party, beheading a topless woman, women at a strip club, women naked in a Japanese spa, and the indecent whirlpool and love scene with Auntie. Not to mention the trip to the bizarre sushi bar, in which rich Japanese men are eating sushi from naked women. Which, by the way, leads Lee to say with much false enthusiasm that, after defeating the bad guys, he and Lundgren will "eat fish from those naked pups." Which of course is followed by a high five disturbing. Nor can we forget the awful montage, like when the villains are crushing a man stuck in a car in a garbage dump, and the editors left with an obvious glimpse of a props dummy. The credits also list a huge list of stunts, which implies that much of the action was probably not made by movie stars, after all. <br /> <br /> In the end, this movie repeatedly overcomes blatant malice. It is illogical and impossible, and as a result, remarkably entertaining. If you are looking for some kind of thoughtful film, this movie will make you want to die. If you're looking for a good laugh and a good time mocking about making bad movies, this movie will enchant you. Like a real movie, I'm going to deserve this movie at 0.5 out of 10. As a fun way to waste an hour and eighteen minutes, this beauty takes the cake.
