I'm commenting on this miniseries from the perspective of someone who first read the novel. And from that perspective, I can honestly say that, while it is enjoyable, I can see why it has not been retransmitted at any time recently. More specifically, this mini has some serious problems, such as: 1) It is terribly miscast. The actors who played the younger generation were all 15 to 20 years older than the characters. Ali McGraw (45 years old at the time) was playing Natalie Jastrow, who was about 26 years old. Jan-Michael Vincent (39 at the time) was playing Byron Henry, who was supposed to be 22 years old. The other sons of Henry and Pamela Tudsbury. were also interpreted by actors too old for characters who should be in their twenties. <br /> <br /> 2) Some of the performances were absolutely horrible. Ali McGraw sometimes almost made this unwatchable mini. I have seen more convincing performances in high school plays. <br /> <br /> 3) The direction was bad. To be fair to Ali McGraw, the bad acting and development of the character were probably the direction. The portrait of Hitler was greatly exaggerated. His character came out looking and behaving more like a cartoon villain than the charismatic, sometimes charming but always devilish genius, Herman Wouk painted it as in the novel. Some of the other characters are made stereotypically (Berel Jastrow), they do not gain the depth of character that Wouk created for them. <br /> <br /> 4) This mini is very old fashioned. False music, pretentious narration (sounded like a high school storytelling), and the whole feel of the soap opera in prime time made it almost comical at times. In addition, Byron and Natalie are often costumed and made to look like they are in 1979 instead of 1939. Someone who watches this without the benefit of reading the novel first probably will not take it all that. because it will come out more like a soap opera drama in the late 1970s and early 1980s, "too serious," instead of the television version of what is certainly a modern American classic. <br /> <br /> Remakes of old movies and the like are sometimes poorly made, but this is probably a case where a creative and inspired director could make a very impressive, memorable and critically acclaimed production. I do not see this happening since a remake would have to be so long (15 hours) or more to do it right, and given the short duration of attention of most of the current American public, it would not fly.
