The funny sound you can hear when you look at this execrable version of Jules Verne's classic "Journey to the Center of the Earth" is Verne spinning in his grave. The only thing about this 80-minute opus that has something to do with "Journey to the Center of the Earth" is the title. Otherwise, everything else in this dull production is new and not worth seeing. In fact, the director wrote here on IMDb.COM that he directed just eight minutes of "Journey to the Center of the Earth" and the studio addressed part of the continuation of the "Dollman" movie Helmer Albert Pyun with his own "Alien from L.A." with Kathy Ireland. Evidently, the producers ran out of money and to meet contractual obligations overseas, they graced the Pyun sequence in director Rusty Lemorande's film. Please do not rent or buy this wretched piece of junk. <br /> <br /> Unlike director Henry Levin's play, "Journey to the Center of the Earth" (1959) with James Mason and Pat Boone, "Lemorande's Journey to the Center of the Earth" occurs in contemporary times in the Richard (Paul Carafotes of "Blind Date") and his brother obsessed with comic strips Bryan (Ilan Mitchell-Smith of "Weird" Science ") will explore a cave. The heroine, Crystina (Nicola Cowper of" Underworld "), works for a domestic service called" Nannies R Us. "Being a nanny has been Crystina's lifelong dream, ("Lynda Marshall", "Africa Express"), sends her to Hawaii. Crystina's new client, rock star Billy Foul (Jeremy Crutchley of "Doomsday"), who is scheduling a final show to relive his c There's a dog named Bernard. Foul wants Crystina to take Bernard to a dog spa. Crystina is waiting for the arrival of her cab when a careless motel clerk accidentally places the basket hiding Bernard in Richard's jeep. You see, Foul hid his canine in a basket because the motel management strictly prohibits pets on their premises. The lack disguised the dog as a human baby. Anyway, Crystina takes a cab and tells the driver to follow Richard. <br /> <br /> After she reaches with them to get her dog, the taxi driver runs off and leaves. Crystina demands that Richard take her back to town, but he has other plans. Unfortunately, Crystina joins the guys and they get lost, and then find themselves in the lost city of Atlantis, a dictator-ruled police state in the center of the Earth. The rulers of Atlantis repeatedly notify their citizens that life on the surface does not exist. Our heroes and heroine stumble across Atlantis by chance. Atlantis looks like a nightclub and everyone looks like they came out of a punk rock opera. The ruler of Atlantis, General Rykov (Janet Du Plessis of "Operation Hit Squad"), is orchestrating a surface attack with clones of the first human, Wanda Saknussemm (Kathy Ireland from "Necessary Roughness"), to visit Atlantis. Predictably, General Rykov's machinations to rule Atlantis and overthrow the Earth fail, and our heroes and heroines save the day. <br /> <br /> "Journey to the Center of the Earth" is an abomination. The film seems to be a comedy, despite its superficial satire on dictatorships. Albert Pyun is one of my favorite directors of low-budget action, but he screwed up all this light clutter of a science fiction saga.
