Journey to the Center of the Earth is the story of some tourists from Hawaii, three of them siblings, and one of them is a young British nanny who takes care of a dog. When the brothers accidentally leave in their jeeps with the basket of dog biscuits, the sitter follows them (it may have been safer to buy more) to the cave the brothers wanted to explore (I think). For some reason, they actually enter the cave and then, when the place begins to collapse, they try to quit without success, except for the six-year-old sister they tell them to go get help. Meanwhile, the more they move into the cave, the more they continue to plummet further and further toward the cavernous core of the Earth. And here's where they find the City of Atlantis and its bizarre alien inhabitants who are living under the oppressive dominance of an alien who does not want them to ask too many questions about the worlds outside theirs. I see that Rusty Lemorande, the nominated director of the film, made comments about this film, in which he explains that part of the last half of this movie is actually the sequel to Alien in LA. Well, whatever it was, it was an incredibly cheap movie that I would rate just a little bit higher than the City Limits (a 1988 science fiction film also made with a nonexistent budget) because at least this terrible piece of production of incoherent movies that cut corners where you can have some humor and fun in the last 20 minutes, when we finally see what life in the alien world is like in the center of the Earth. I also give a rating of two stars instead of one, because sometimes it was funny even if only in its subtleties. For example, the aliens ask the British girl if she is an alien and she explains that the Ministry should be sending her work visa soon. Or when the alien girl meets Bryan and explains that he is in the town of Altantis and he confuses it with Atlantic City in New Jersey. Small things like this make the idiocy of the first hour bearable. Imagine how good the movie could have been if they had 1) really intended to do it, and 2) really had money to do it <br /> <br /> I like how, in the end, no one asks what happened to the little sister who was sent away in the beginning to get help. She would be wandering through the Hawaiian caves and not far from the erupting volcano, remember you.
