This movie really succeeds in irrational enjoyment for 2/3 of the journey. Unfortunately, the movie ends up being very "confusing". Although I know that some of the plot plans are the standard of the "police friends" movies, I got involved with the characters who are brilliantly frustrated, but in the end the movie relies heavily on chase sequences like a crutch and I lost interest . The filmmakers did a great job of making the characters by themselves and doing their own thing and we got to see who they are and we identified with both cops from the beginning. We form our own opinion instead of being forced to see them through constant quarrels. <br /> <br /> In the end, there is a lot going on and that greatly diminishes what could have been a nice getaway. . Here's what's worried about Joe Gavilan (Harrison Ford) at the end of the movie: 1. His real estate deals 2. His case with a psychic radio 3. He's being investigated for internal affairs 4. The homicide investigation <br /> <br /> If you add Casey's worries you liked him he wants to be an actor and avenge his father's death. Now some of these things come together and even come together well, but all the elements of the plot come together amid this false pursuit that is so long and pathetic that I barely have time to end my boredom and give a crap about what just happened The impressive acrobatics of screenwriters can not overcome bad cinema. As if a ridiculous chase sequence was not bad enough, one that had four separate sections and could last for almost half an hour would not be bad enough. Joe Gavilan calls his real estate business while chasing the criminal with a gun. All these extra-curricular lines and jokes make it absolutely insignificant to me whether the criminal is caught or not. We have either forgotten or cared no more about the plot of murder at this point because multiple plot lines and eyebrows of persecution have dulled us beyond comprehension. <br /> <br /> While I could continue on the persecutions and how They ruin a decent story, I will not. This could have been a very nice formula movie, but got too big for your pants and turned into a redundant waste of time. Harrison Ford and Josh Hartnett did very well and a small appearance of Gladys Knight is noteworthy. Unfortunately, none of the actors can help this hopelessly mistaken movie of being forgettable. <br /> <br /> Although this is probably better than the likes of "The Hulk" and "Lara Croft II" they still do not make it good movie. I once heard that Harrison Ford claimed to only make movies that he thought would make money, I'm not sure if that's true or not. What is true is that to get a great box office, you do not need a great movie or a great actor, this movie has no major role. My advice to Harrison Ford would be: to keep Indiana Jones because at least you can still run.
