The dead eyes of Josh Hartnett, her thick writing, and Harrison Ford being a cop comedy! Here are 3 reasons to hate it, avoid it and use 116 minutes of your life. <br /> <br /> Friends movies are fun. However, the true golden age dates back to the 80s and 90s. Making one that tries to mix action and comedy through the Hollywood police itself is a good idea, but the end result ended up not being at least a parody of the subgenre , but a reason to ask God to have pity on all past films of the same type, while the worst of them was, by all means, greater than (Hollywood Homicide). <br /> <br /> What really happened to this fun formula? For a whole decade things had not been the same. You would have one stubborn failure after another. I will delight you with some titles to understand the disaster well: (I Spy - 2002), (National Security - 2003), (Taxi - 2004), (Starsky & Hutch - 2004), and worst of all yet - 2006)! <br /> <br /> I believe one of the reasons is the natural case of saturation after many movies and similar TV shows over two decades. Add to that, particularly here, careless treatment and annoying humor. In fact, the subject this time is totally unbearable. Yes, we have the characters of 2 loyal cops who have a second job and the sinful city history, but what else was new? It's not about cliché; is about a few renovations mixed with cliches, where both were poorly made. <br /> <br /> The acting, especially on the side of (Hartnett), is terrible. This guy is anything but a comedian (or actor!). So his character was wanting revenge for his father's death! Avenge himself face, he probably died for watching his acting !! Even the little roles have people who have nothing to do with comedy (or that's what they looked like here anyway!). The direction failed to present something that comical or so hard, some parts managed to be highly dull (holding the black through the fault ??); It's a rare time to be boring in what should be action / comedy! They have not used Hollywood itself, either as an ironic place where there is an ugly face behind the superficial charm, or even as a place full of bright or fallen stars (apparitions that could have given you some interesting moments). It's a very easy film that refers to being watched only by the glamor of its stars, and as being a Buddy-cop movie to end up as one of the worst 2-star cases with non-chemistry in the screen (one of them does not have chemistry with the screen itself! Guess who ?!), and a Buddy-Cop destroyer more than a movie! God, do not make me, or my children, live long enough to witness (Hollywood Homicide - Part 2)! Finally, see the performance of Harrison Ford, he wanted to have fun, but at least we did not have fun.
