Lame movie. Completely uninteresting. No chemistry between Indiana Jones and the Black Hawk Down guy. The car chase scene just goes on and on and ad nauseum. They can change vehicles a few times, but they always end up at the tip of the bad guys. The scene in which Hartnett grabs the family car with the kids crying in the back was as stupid as it could be. He is telling you about Eastern philosophy and how it is all right to die, which I imagine the writers found funny or even witty. He just came off as an idiot, totally unbelievable and even cruel. <br /> <br /> Some subframes were not even explored, they were only used as a fill. Why does Hartnett get sick looking at corpses, but keeps ordering hamburgers at crime scenes? Why, and on what basis, is bad AI suddenly arrested from the boss by the boss? Why can the AI ​​pick up the cops and then let them pick up their phones or pretend to be Indian mystics and then let them get out of there without even a slap on the wrist? For some reason, even if Ford is found to be cheating and fraudulent in acting as a real estate broker, (it compensates for prices when it is trying to sell the producer's home to earn his own commission), they keep coming back to him. anyway! They knew he lied to both of them! However, there they were, coming to an agreement that both said they would never go. Stupid, just stupid. This is also one of those cop movies where they simply shoot public streets with no care in the world for innocent bystanders. There they were, just standing on the sidewalk exploding while people hid. Incredible that they have not hit a single person after having fired about 60 rounds each .... The script was terrible, the action sequences were boring, the plot just one step to one very pathetic attempt to make us twist by Ford and Hartnett. That fails miserably. And the Ford phone! Turn the damn thing off! How many times could you play in a two-hour movie? 50? 60? It was frustratingly aggravating by the midpoint of the movie! Every 30 seconds, this stupid song would play! And if it was not for Ford, then Hartnett's was playing! It was incredibly annoying! <br /> <br /> Full waste of time, Ford's worst movie since 6 Days 7 Nights, which was undoubtedly the lowest point of his distinguished career.
