Well, this movie really made me feel so strongly that I signed up for a IMDb account just to warn people. It's patently terrible !! NOTHING makes sense in this movie. There are many subplots to get you started. The character of Josh Hartnett is an aspiring actor and yoga instructor, as well as a police officer who seems to be living beyond his means and only teaches yoga to hot girls (some of whom wait nude in their hot tub for when they return from work ). Add to this the fact that his father was killed by a corrupt police officer who happened to be involved in the current crime being investigated by the unfortunate duo. The Harrison Ford character is attempting to sell off property on the side and is sleeping with the former wife of the Home Affairs investigator, who happens to be running a psychic radio show that the Ford character calls from time to time. NASTY !! <br /> <br /> I can not remember the names of the characters (that's how forgettable this is), so I'll refer to them as Ford and Hartnett. <br /> <br /> Then there is the dialogue that is brutal. I mean creepy things here. Play in all the clichés of the book (having a heart to heart in a dark bar during the day with a drink where the bartender knows his name; the duo being investigated for internal affairs (why ??); hartnett confronting the killer of his Dad) and you have a big mess. <br /> <br /> As I mentioned, the plot is absurd and continuity is non-existent: 1) When the Ford car is being taken over, how the hell do the repo guys know where it would be parked? Were they following him? 2) When Hartnett goes to the morgue and it turns out that the only clue to the crime scene (an earring) is played on the charred bodies there (which was lucky!) 3) When the two are arrested and taken to questioning - Ford continues to answer his phone and Hartnett "centers" with a yoga pose at the table. Instead of picking up the Ford phone, the AI ​​guy expects him to ring every time and then tries to get him off the table before Ford does. Meanwhile, AI's IA officer with Hartnett is rubbing himself on him. Then, inexplicably, the two are released without answering any questions. 4) During the car chase, Hartnett's car is crashing and crashing into Hollywood, but suddenly the car is perfect again. It's not a scratch! 5) When Ford chases the thug into the building and he gets into the elevator, how the hell does he know which floor the thug has left? 6) When the two are chasing the bad guy in hartnett's car, Ford is trying to close a real estate deal. Let's go! 7) The bad guy is the most unconvincing record executive of all time. Your motivation to kill a group of rappers at your label? They may leave your label and it is a warning to keep your other groups loyal. But wait, how will he sign someone new with this business plan? 8) Why is the AI ​​guy investigating Ford arrested at the end? There is no explanation! 9) And Hartnett uses his "acting" to capture the bad guy at the end. <br /> <br /> I could go on, I really could. Anyone who is looking deeper into this movie than an action comedy needs a head examined because it is all that it is. There's nothing more for that! It is not supposed to be satirical or ironic. It's just crap.
