Literally, every aspect of this low-budget science fiction film falls into the categories that were classified by its predecessors, contemporaries and followers to follow. Bad special effects, a weak plot, ridiculous amounts of blood and blood, annoying and nonsensical characters, all you can hope for. "Attack of the Sabretooth" is about a new holiday resort where owners are genetically breeding Smilodon cats for an attraction. Cats escape and start killing people, the guy who runs the show wants to save them and not warn unsuspecting visitors about them, and there are a bunch of visitors and some officials who rebel and plan to kill the cats. <br /> <br /> In terms of special effects, the film is about an average achievement, given its budget. Sabretooths are portrayed through poor CGI. Surprisingly, though, cats seem more realistic in a detailed and detailed shot than in longer and distant photos where the CGI is best hidden. His attacks are recklessly bloody and unpleasant. Just as you would expect, they attack, rip off some arms and legs and leave very little behind. This is part of the reason the movie plummets into a disastrous situation. <br /> <br /> The plot and the characters are equally horrible. We have some college students coming to the island and planning a hunt. And take this very seriously. Even invade private property, tamper with security systems and steal. Why are they taking such a simple game so seriously? Did I miss anything? Was money involved? Or were they sent to do this? I do not know, I could barely follow the movie. But it struck me that they were just doing it for the fun of doing it. Even so, they went too far to normal. <br /> <br /> "Attack of the Sabretooth" is a very poor movie. Even for a low-budget sci-fi movie, it's a very poor and inexpensive example. This will make most viewers cry, it may be appealing to some, and it will make you laugh and laugh all the time. And remember, this is not a comedy, this is a cheap horror movie, so it's not supposed to be comical.
