Three giant saber-toothed tigers (created in the laboratory from mitochondrial DNA, a "genetic advance" derived from fossil material) are accidentally released through a series of events (such as the virus introduced by a geek) measures to maintain the resort novelty stores closed during construction and a security guard is leaving an open gate while looking for the missing page of a porn magazine that flew in the breeze) that threaten the lives of those they come in contact with. Tigers are always hungry, but are unable to digest what they eat. So the tigers simply tear their fangs to pieces. The victims include a group of college kids (the stereotypes include a goth girl, athlete and technology nerd), security personnel, and those rich, slightly developed bastards that we can easily scorn and crave for a horrible death. <br /> <br /> Completing a number of science fiction films, Attack of the Sabretooth has some of the most simulated animals I've ever seen. And, the final sequence of death is so putridly presented, you will demand within the deepest recesses of your soul the time spent in this truly terrible exercise in the canon's characteristic feature. There is a good black humor derived from heads being plucked from the neck, but even here the prosthetic work is not convincing. Prosthetic body parts and blood in abundance when victims are attacked, crying for help and not getting any. I'm starting to sound like a broken record, repeating myself in all the user comments I write for these science fiction movies. I think maybe it's time to move on to other types of movies. Robert Carradine has a role as a ruthless businessman who is being captivated by his repulsive former brother-in-law Nicholas Bell, the only "Primal Park", a genetically engineered saber-toothed zoo / resort as the main attraction. Stacy Haiduk is a security agent who tries to convince Bell to get the investors he hopes to push money into his multi-million dollar project to leave the island. Brian Wimmer is Haiduck's lover and his role is a mechanic who keeps operations running smoothly. <br /> <br /> Bell's fate at the end, resulting from a tooth dislodged from a tiger-saber statue, is the hole. Carradine spends much of the film teasing Bell, his arch-nemesis. The tiger's point of view shows humans in a bright color as it moves toward them. The movie ultimately consists of characters walking down dark corridors (the tech nerd virus cut off power) concerned about their safety. College children commit break-ins and intrusions to score certain items needed (... is a type of treasure hunting activity) to enter a fraternity / fellowship. The cast that plays these children does not rise above their cliches.
