The film begins with an entrepreneur (Nicholas Bell) welcoming investors (Robert Carradine) to Primal Park. A secret project that transforms a primitive animal using fossilized DNA, such as "Jassassik Park," and some scientists resurrect one of nature's most fearsome predators, the black-footed tiger or Smilodon. Scientific ambition becomes deadly, however, and when the high voltage fence is opened the creature runs away and begins to wildly pursue its prey - human visitors, tourists and scientists. While some young people enter the restricted area of ​​the security center and are attacked by a pack of large prehistoric animals that are more deadly and larger. In addition, a security officer (Stacy Haiduk) and his companion (Brian Wimmer) fight against the carnivorous Smilodons. The Sabreeth, themselves, of course, are the real stellar stars and are astonishing, though not convincing. Giant animals are wildly pursuing their prey and the group comes into conflict and fights the most fearsome predators of nature. In addition, a third Dreadful Saber's most dangerous and slow pursues its victims. <br /> <br /> The film delivers the merchandise with a lot of blood and blood like decapitation, chilling shivers, full of scares when the sabers appear with mediocre special effects. The story offers exciting and exciting entertainment, but it is rather boring. Giant animals are mostly made by a computer generator and look totally bad. The performances are medium, although the players react appropriately to become food. The players give vigorous physical performances, avoiding the beasts. running, bound and jumping or swinging on the walls. And that packs a ridiculous final mortal scene. Not for small children, realistic, bloody, and violent attack scenes. Other films about Sabretooths or Smilodon are: ¨Sabretooth (2002) ¨by James R Hickox with Vanessa Angel, David Keith and John Rhys Davies and much better ¨10,000 BC (2006) ¨ by Roland Emmerich with Steven Strait, Cliff Curtis and Camilla Belle. This film full of bloody moments is badly directed by George Miller and unoriginal because it takes many elements from previous films. Miller is an Australian director who usually works for television (Tidal wave, Journey to the center of the earth, and many others) and occasionally for cinema (The man of the river Snowy, Zeus and Roxanne, Robinson Crusoe). Classification: Below average, bottom of barrel.
