My giving a score of 3 is not what I would give the original Soviet version of this movie. It looks like American-International (a studio specializing in low-budget products in the 1960s) bought this movie and completely destroyed it - cutting a two-hour movie in a 64-minute movie! In addition, much of this 64 minutes was new material (like the "monsters") - so you know that this movie almost bears no resemblance to the original. The original film seems to be a pretty direct drama about the Soviet conquest of space - although I'm not really sure what it was originally! For information on the original film, read Steven Nyland's review - it was very helpful. <br /> <br /> By the way, this was the third Soviet movie I saw that American-International bought and then hacked. In addition to making a "new" movie - standard practice for a company that was willing to put anything on the screen to make a buck - as long as, of course, it did not cost much more than a buck first place !! This Americanized movie was about two rival world powers (NOT the US and the Soviets) trying to be the first to Mars. The evil "evil" try, but fail, and the "good guys" rescue one of the idiot astronauts and then go to Mars. Unfortunately, they are temporarily trapped on a moon from Mars, where they see some monsters (added by American International) that are REALLY cheeky and one bears resemblance to a certain part of a female's anatomy. Then they are rescued - returning to the heroes of the Earth. <br /> <br /> The main point is that the film was massacred - transforming an incredibly beautiful work of art (for the time) by being transformed into a C-degree. movie. Because of this, the Soviets really had a reason to hate America! I'm just shocked that the horrible job I did with this movie did not convince them to refuse to sell more movies to these idiots! It's worth taking a look, but the really bad times that make you laugh are few and far between. So the film is a failure - not bad enough to make it a must see for fans of bad movies and too dizzy to be taken seriously. I would really love to see this movie in its original form - it must have been some photo.
