Monster is a horrifying movie about a bad American concrete factory (is there any more in Hollywood?) Polluting the waters of the small Colombian town of Chimayo, somehow creating a kind of catfish with a predilection for lambs and loose women. James Mitchum is Bill Travis, the man who is sent to Chimayo by his dirty-mouth boss, Barnes, who can not keep his hands away from the back of the desk to get to the bottom of the story (pun intended). While in Chimayo Bill must face an annoying reporter who apparently conveys all his stories in perfect English directly back to America. I think in the seventies there was a news market for small South American cities. There is also a radical named Sanchez who wants to sabotage the factory by polluting water which, incidentally, also provides jobs for the locals to the city, but why let the cold-hearted economy get in the way of invigorating Marxism? . Pete, the factory boss, is involuntarily aided by the monster when he has sex with his ex-girlfriend on the beach, tells her that he is seeing the mayor's daughter, Juanita, and is finished among them, so she is promptly food that night. A little parallel action without the evidence. I take my hat off for you, sir. John Carradine completes the cast as a priest who believes that the monster is sent by God to punish sinners. You can see the contempt he has for being in that movie in his face. It might as well have been filmed running for the local currency exchange to see if his check did not jump. <br /> <br /> Supposedly based on a true story, so much do they say it twice in the opening credits, in this movie it's horrible on all fronts. Filming began in 1971 and was abandoned until eight years later, when Kenneth Hartford set foot in Monster's throat, adding his two annoying sons as new characters, even putting his daughter, Andrea on top of the billing with Mitchum and Carradine. The sound quality is non-existent and most scenes look as if someone has spread tar onto the camera before shooting. This becomes even more tedious during the many scenes taken at night. The monster itself is laughable when it raises its ugly rubber head to the anticclimatic end. James Mitchum and his brother Chris are proof that nepotism in the acting industry needs to be reduced. Dreck totally unwatchable. Shame on you, John Carradine.
