Although not exactly offensive, the 1967 version of "The Perils of Pauline" is certainly dumb. The title may lead you to expect a tribute to Pearl White (the original Pauline in the series of 20 silent episodes of 1914), but for that you would be better served by the 1947 version starring Betty Hutton. This 1967 version is like a mix of "Casino Royale" and the weakest of the Elvis films. Worst of all is that it is not a mixture of these, but more like segments joined by a scotch of each, so that the thing jumps back and forth between the two styles. What unity there is in production comes from the pairing of Pamela Austin (Pauline) and Pat Boone (George Steadman), a good match because they both do not even have the basic skills (imagine Mandy Moore playing in front to Dan Quayle). <br /> <br /> Austin would later work with John Aston on "Evil Roy Slade," with the disparity of talents among them really painful to watch. In the mid-60s she was the "Dodge Rebellion" girl as such she was featured in a similar series of dangerous situations, imagine Sandra Dee in a dark blue overalls. When the automaker's advertising agency replaced it with the girl "Dodge Fever," someone had the brilliant idea of ​​presenting it in a feature film. <br /> <br /> What story here begins with Pauline growing up in Baskerville Foundling Home run by the actress who played Mrs. Chatsworth Osborne Sr. in "Dobie Gillis". George falls in love with her (Pauline-not Mrs. Osborne) and sabotages several opportunities that she has to be adopted. George goes out in search of his fortune and Pauline, 19, gets a job to teach a wealthy young Prince of the oil-rich Middle East. When he tries to add the attractive blonde to his harem, she runs away from danger to danger. These include African pygmies, a 99.5-year-old millionaire who wants to freeze her until her one-year-old grandson is old enough for the marriage, film industry and Russian space program. <br /> <br /> All this is meant to be silly and charming, but only manages the silly part. There is some effort to incorporate a silent movie look into the action sequences, simulating the under-execution of a camera (which speeds up the action). Unfortunately everything else (film stock, production design, editing) is depressing in 1960. Nothing here even comes close to the images of Pearl White tied to a trunk moving toward a circular saw or tied to a railroad waiting for the train approaching. <br /> <br /> So again, what do I know? I'm just a kid.
