This film was extremely poorly designed from all angles except technological. I stood up and watched them all leave the theater, their faces empty as if their lives were shining before their eyes - eyes wandering around the neighbor, wondering if they were just them. I mean, how could the movie be really bad? No one will admit, it's a classic case of The Emperor does not wear clothes. "Who am I to question a movie that contains a guy who stops a jet?" But the fact remains, every member of the audience is thinking what I am writing now. Obviously, Lois is only power-driven, she will not even have a cup of coffee with Superman with glasses that will not stop the jets. It can not be the look in "your" eyes to the depths of your soul or anything like that. In the old Superman, she had some level of connection with him, he was not Number 1 priority, obviously, but it strengthened her character that she was "ripped". I bet Henry Kissinger would have even beaten this Lois before Clark Kent. <br /> <br /> And now it's official, Kryptonite does with Superman what to eat at McDonalds does with avg. person. <br /> <br /> SUPERMAN "ONE" He loses his father's land, then meets his real father super, the story is captivating every step of the way. He is human, he relates to people and he feels love for people, he relates to high school students, he relates to people who feel different. He relates. The Superman Superman Returns seems to relate only to Superpeople and it looks like he's just "doing a job" when he's saving people. <br /> <br /> There's something about Clark that Lois likes, she's really in love with him, but she can admit it, and when he steps in as Superman, it creates a twist on love on the rocks. Without Superman, she would have fallen in love with Clark (at least that's what the movie is about, whether it's the intention or not). Superman Returns is a love story between a woman and SUPERMAN, Clark is like a pile of horses to Lois. Literally. <br /> <br /> SUPERMAN TWO I just watched it again. As a child, I "thought" that I liked the action, but now I know it was the story that held me too, watching over and over again. If I saw Superman Returns as a kid, I would have hated it too, I guess. <br /> <br /> There is so much heart and soul and superpower circulating in this sick movie. Superman gives up his powers for love as a plot of the world is happening and meanwhile, MEANWHILE, Lex Luther has something fantastic up his sleeve. SUPERMAN THREE Now there's a three-way love story between Superman and Lana and Clark, only mankind wins and Clark's inner nature overtakes Superman's power because when his suprermoral nature is gone and he is superhuman (who does human things with his superpowers), she sees that it is not the power of Superman that she is in love, not SUPERpowerman, but SUPERMORTAL man she loves - and who is really SUPER. And when she tells Clark that she "prefers" him to Superman, he is exultant, he made a human connection again. He wants to be accepted by who he is, not just by his ability to bend steel. THIS IS THE KIND OF THINGS WHICH IS MISSING FROM SUPERMAN RETURNS. <br /> <br /> Clark sneezes to help the kid make a strike - humanity again. In addition, it is an ENFORCE use of superpowers. He is not just using direct brute force. <br /> <br /> He crushes coal into a diamond for his wife because she had to sell hers, love is the only thing that leads him to use his powers beyond saving. <br /> <br /> There seems to be nothing at stake in Superman Returns. Even in Superman 3, we see the damage caused by the enemy domination conspiracy. We see the suffering, we see how it affects Pryor and the others and the people in the middle of it. No damage, esp. emotional story of Lex's plot to sink the US. We see a crystal globe thrown into space. Superman had to be very creative in the first three Superman to stop the plot against him, he could not simply "access" his superpowers. At first, he had to stop two missiles going in different directions and then break his universal mandate and erase the story to save Lois's life ... (this was THIRTY YEARS AGO !!) In the second, he had to overcome three guys that he was already MOST POWERFUL that, but combined with Lex's genius and the villains' immoral tactics, Superman's superpower was not enough, he had to work against each other and be smarter ... In Superman III again, his superpowers were not enough to win .. He had to be smarter than a computer that calculated everything he saw, could not use direct aggression on the computer because he calculated in advance so he had to use a benign acid which only became deadly to the computer after the computer responded to the aggression. And he found this acid earlier when he could not simply use his superpowers to extinguish a fire because he was an inc then he had to use his supermasses - he could not carry water, so he froze a lake and let him into the fire ... Now in Superman Returns, he simply invades the island in outer space, like a night to the UPS. He does not need to find out anything, he just uses his "super strength". And Lex Luther's brilliance was shown at the premeditation level of an addict who has just run out of junk. <br /> <br /> Not to mention the fact that he threw that island into outer space after being stabbed with a certain Kyrptonite KNIFE in the bloodstream. And the island itself was dripping kryptonite spores on his face, but he only averted his eyes and nose as if it were not Gray Poupon that he was looking at.
