First, let me comment on what I liked about the movie. The special effects were fantastic, and very rarely did I feel like I was watching a video game. There, that's the last cool thing I have to say about this movie. In fact, I would like everyone to read this to take note that I can not even put into words how hard it was for me to write this review without swearing. <br /> <br /> I have numerous complaints about the movie, but four major complaints come to mind. My first big complaint has to do with the incredible bullshit of the "twist in history" (if you can say that most people probably saw her a mile away) where Lois's 5-year-old son is the super-powerful son of Superman. When the tearful super-child plays a piano on Lex's henchman to save his mother, I almost got up and left the theater. Singer could have made a much better Superman movie without resorting to cheap tricks like a seemingly fragile but super-powerful illegitimate son. It's been five days since I saw the movie and I still want to vomit. <br /> <br /> My next big complaint has to do with the fact that Superman raises a continent made of kryptonite into outer space. It does not take Simpson's cartoon face to point out what's wrong with that. I do not know how many comic books Brian Singer has read, but when Superman is exposed to a small amount of kryptonite, he hardly has the strength to stand up. Whoever has had the idea of ​​making him fly on a large island, made up of his greatest weakness in space, has no business being associated with any other Superman-related project. The concept is as ridiculous as making a Dracula movie, where the title character has a stake in his heart and still manages to pilot a spaceship made out of garlic in the sun. Why does not only Superman eat kryptonite? He can eat it and then brush his teeth with it and then sleep in kryptonite pajamas. This is no more absurd than having him hoisting a continent of kryptonite into space and then falling helplessly through the atmosphere without burning into re-entry or spreading throughout the central park when it hits the ground. <br /> <br /> My third major complaint has to do with the fact that Singer hit the moviegoers with the religious symbolism of the whole movie. I have to disagree with his characterization of Superman as the only son of a God-like Jor-el sent to Earth to be a savior. Jor-el was not wise, he was just a scientist. And he did not send his son to earth to be a savior, he threw him on a rocket and hastily fired into space because his planet was about to explode. I will buy Christ's allegory if Brian Singer can show me the part of the Bible where God sends Christ to Earth because Heaven was about to explode, and then radioactive pieces of Heaven become Christ's chief weakness. Also, the "crucifixion" scene in which Luthor stabs Superman on the side with a "lance" of kryptonite makes me want to smack my face into a brick until I'm too brain-dead to notice the blatantly obvious and inadequate symbolism that will contaminate the steel man for the foreseeable future. They can also rename this movie "Superman Returns: The Passion of Christ". <br /> <br /> And speaking of Luthor, my last big complaint has to do with Lex Luthor's portrayal of Singer. Lex Luthor is a shrewd, cold-hearted business tycoon who is more apt to run for president (what he does in comics) than try to destroy the world. Man wants money and power; he wants to be in charge, not to destroy everything. However, the Luthor we see Superman Returns, like all previous Superman movies, is a crazy theatrical ass who invents crazy schemes to destroy the world. If Singer had the least loyalty to the characters instead of Superman's (quite awful) films, this movie may not be such an unbearable farce. Maybe Singer's next project might be a Batman movie where he focuses on Batman's interpretation of the 1960s TV show. ZAM! WHAP! POW !! <br /> <br /> To sum it up, I do not know what I hate most, the movie itself or the fact that so many people seem to be giving good reviews. Everyone is entitled to your opinion, but if you do not hate this movie, your opinion is wrong. I sincerely encourage anyone who reads this not to see this movie if you have not seen it yet. Do not watch, do not buy when you go out on DVD, do not rent it ... basically do not contribute any money for it anyway. This movie does not deserve to make money. In fact, I think for every person watching this movie, Bryan Singer should be fined $ 45 billion. If you're a Superman fan and really want to see this movie, just bend over and ask someone to kick you in the balls and you'll have the same experience without having to waste 2 hours of your time.
