Most of Stephen King's short stories are little gems, with original ideas that do not take too long to develop; basically lean and evil - it organizes them quickly into a meager number of pages, you read them and finish them before you know it started. They are like the equivalent of a box of McDonald's fries - they taste really good and you know there's not much nutritional value in them (re: from a literary point of view, they do not say much about the universal human condition), but you're still going to save them, just do not be a pig and go to the extra-super-size portion and fill up a lot of fat ("too much grease" is a metaphor for prose in King's novels when he finds himself reading one of them and saying enough pop culture remarks or the clever Yankees - and continue the story!) He has compiled four books of short story collections. I've read them all - from NightShift to the latest, Everything's Eventual, and they all show an efficiency of getting to the point that it is sometimes very understaffed in their book-length novels. <br /> <br /> But your tales never surpass your welcome ... which brings us to the television adaptations of Nightmares And Dreamscapes ... <br /> <br /> How do they producers of the series) get a light to transform stories that normally had an average of 15 pages in 50-minute episodes? I'll tell you how - two words - "Stephen King". Stories with your name are probably not cheap, and one-hour shows allow more publicity than half an hour, so ... what should have been an anthology of episodes for the most part 23 or 24 minutes is doubled in size, and double the commercial time ... Ka-ching! <br /> <br /> I will not waste time doing a plot synopsis of these stories - this review assumes you've read the stories and / or watched the show; what follows is just my visceral reactions to what TNT has presented ... Of the four installments so far, here is my evaluation of ten cents (from the first to the worst): <br /> <br /> Battlefield - No it's a classic, not at all. But how could anyone argue that it would prevent William Hurt from opening his trap by filming this episode without a single line of dialogue? And the ironic reference and the destruction of the Zuni killer of the Terror Trilogy proved to me the producers (and the teleplay writer who is the son of Richard Matheson - the TOT writer) knew his mission with this one. was to make action mortal, but at the same time amusing. It took him longer to get to Hurt's apartment than he should have, but I think he did. 8/10 <br /> <br /> The last case of Umney - I liked this mainly because of the performance of William H. Macy. I think the writer / Umney should have appeared in the earlier story in the private eye / Umney beginning because he was the real reality of the story, and anyone familiar with the king's tale (probably half, if not more of the audience) knew the Chandleresque's setup should be interrupted by the reality of the screenwriter, so let's continue with this, and end the funny and fun talk of Dick Dick. Once Umney's familiar writer / tragedy began to unfold, I thought the show developed an emotional connection that made the viewer (I, at least) feel sympathy for Macy's real-life attempt to escape his hurts by usurping its exciting creation. life. 6/10 <br /> <br /> The end of the whole mess - Uh, this title is how I felt about this episode when it was over. After twenty minutes, I was ready to scream on TV - OK, we already understand, the younger brother is a Mega Mensa Genius Prodigy Extraordinaire! We know of Ron Livingston talking to the camera ("time is running out for me" - not fast enough, I thought) that the rookie boy is going to discover something really bad for humanity - we know that because he already built an airplane , but he almost died, because he could not divert from the path of a tree; and, he blew up his chemistry lab while teaching himself chemistry (to think that the end of the world could have been avoided if only that boy had more supervision of his parents). So much time was wasted in establishing Henry Thomas's uber-genius, when we finally came to the resolution of his discovery - the end of the world through involuntary idiocy - how much can we see from the "end" of the world? "- a cheap video recording of a reporter starting to forget what she is doing, and brief radio announcements announcing the day of the judgment are at hand.Ah, and brother's parents drooling and singing old songs.My point is, if your story is really about the "end of the whole mess (world)", I want to see the "mess" as it rises in flames and falls and burns.Talk about the end with a moan, in fact. Crouch End - This episode simply totally pissed me off. I could have lived with the exhibition forever of the happy couple arriving at the hotel, playing slapstick, having lunch and taking a cab (which was half the price). but it failed miserably ... Not only was it not scary, it was practically laughable ... Ooh, look - a kitten ... wait, turn ... oh my god! Look, it's a scary eye! Uh-huh They could have come a long way to fil sea ​​the Crouch End sequence at night rather than in daylight as well. Things you may find unintentionally funny can become more frightening when you see them in the shadows of the night. But I guess the budget was not high enough to film the night in the fake London ensembles that they made together for this. On the page, this is a very scary story about tourists wandering around in places they should not and the terrible things they can hide around the corner there. The only terror in this adaptation was driving and acting-those were really creepy. 1/10 <br /> <br /> Overall Average (so far): 4/10
