THHE remake was a top remake movie in every way. Most of the remakes turn out to be total rubbish, but under the very talented direction of Alexandre Aja it has become one of the best already made in terms of remakes and also with respect to the mutant human subgenre of terror. In the footsteps part 2 directed by another individual Martin Weisz and written by the father and son combo of Jonathan and Wes "I can not make a good horror movie to save my life more" Craven and if this is any indication of Weisz's driving skills and Craven young writing skills, we are all in a painful future as THHE 2 is not only not as good as the first but also fails to entertain at any level. <br /> <br /> We start with a rather graphic mutant baby birth What, while being pretty cool, will not prepare you for the trash that is to come, it just suggests what could have been in this movie. We then get to see a team of scientists who are briefly introduced and dispatched by our rejects irradiated. In stages our main cast of army reservists to save the day, this is where the main problems begin. <br /> <br /> From very sub par of acting (yes, even for this type of movie) to the horrible characters for the lack of real carnage for most of their time of execution. The 2 becomes a job to watch, since a lot of nothing happens, because idiot soldiers make mistake after mistake just to find themselves there, not by the mutants, but by themselves. Think of the marines in aliens just the opposite and you have the idea of ​​how well these soldiers are trained. This is the true shame of the movie, since most Hills occupants can not get the killings you'd like to see, as in the first movie, in fact, if that did not have the THHE 2 accessory at the beginning and the brief overview at movie. beginning to tie it loosely to the first, this could have been almost an original Sci-Fi Channel. <br /> <br /> Mutant Mountainbillies are also not so fun this time, in fact, in a way, they are much lower. for our previous batch, as they all come out as being quite under designed and uninteresting. Also what took the cake was the Mutant Sloth (you know Sloth of the Goonies) that helps them out in the 3rd act. I was waiting for him to order a Baby Ruth or start talking about Rocky Road Ice Cream. Truly disappointing and shameful is the only way to describe most of the happenings here. <br /> <br /> Blood is in the movie, but it's not as visceral as the original actually seemed more subdued in that in addition to the mutant baby's birth scene, there is nothing that stood out as in the first. Another great attack on this film. So, what worked here, the answer is nothing. This looked like a sequel designed specifically to make money from the success of the first movie and not to make a really "good" movie. <br /> <br /> I can talk about the bad Drill SGT., the radio man who has a speech impediment (that's right, he's the kind of guy I want to hear the radio in a real crisis) or the pacifist fighter who resembles the same character mold as our "hero" in the first film, but I believe you the point. This movie is not in the same league or on the same planet as the first. He should have received another title and been added to Saturday Night Line on The Sci-Fi Channel. A real shame as a solid continuation could have been made, but it looks like another horror movie that knocks the ball down on almost every level and will have one of my lowest scores as I give THHE 2 the same score: 10 Terrible: Words can not describe how bad this movie is a total polar opposite of its predecessor in every way, without inspiration and without precision. Next time, guys, if you're going to do such a bad continuation ... do not even bother. Please, do not go to support this trash in the theaters, save your money and thank me later !!!!
