This ridiculous and inept movie is certainly the most misleading version of "Hamlet" to get to the screen. Branagh's approach to the material can only be described as vulgar; going as far as portraying Ophelia in a straight jacket, Fortinbrás's army suddenly appearing on the horizon (looking very much like the climax of "Monty Python and the Holy Grail") when the palace is apparently guarded only by Francisco (who shouts) the very little Shakespearean cry of "ataaaaaaaaaaaaaaaack" before being shot dead, and throngs of stellar appearances dating back to the days of Jimmy Cagney's Bottom and Mary Pickford's Kate. Branagh chose to define his film in an Edwardian setting, but at the same time decided to employ almost uncut text, so that often dialogue that is firmly rooted in the Elizabethan mentality makes no sense in the context in which that is being carried out. And Branagh does not care about textual subtleties like the ambiguous nature of Hamlet's and Olphelia's relationship, treating the audience with a vulgar nude sex scene between the couple who cast any ambiguity over the stained glass window. <br /> <br /> Uncut text allows Branagh to indulge in his favorite cinematic pastime: more pictures of Kenneth Branagh. This is never as apparent as in the "How All Occasions Report Against Me" speech that ends the first half of the nineteen hour movie (at least that's how it feels), trying to play a dramatic crescendo along the lines of Gone With O Wind "I'll never be hungry again." This may serve Branagh's ego, but it does not serve Shakespeare or the speech: when I saw the film in the movies, I leaned toward my companion and laughed with "Great Moments With Mr. Hamlet." Branagh saves the funniest and tasteless moment for the finale as he tries to overcome Olivier's movie and his celebrated righteous death of Claudius making Hamlet leap from a tall tower over the monarch, impaling him with a sword. Branagh's dancer in the king heroically plays an apparently magical rapier on the other side of the palace to walk through the heart of Claudius with the eye of a super hero. The only thing that saved the moment from being unbearably maddening was that it was so funny. <br /> <br /> Although this film has been praised in some places as a serious representation of the tragedy, it is in fact nothing more than a star-studded display of a once talented filmmaker being overtaken by his own narcissism. The Emperor has no clothes, and this Hamlet has nothing to offer but a few unintentional laughter and the terrifying sight of a man's out of control ego.
