Okay, let's not get confused here. If this is a sequel to a remake of an original horror classic, does that mean it's also automatically a remake of the sequel to the original horror classic? Here is the hope that is not a general rule, as Wes Craven's own sequel to the original "The Hills Have Eyes"? released somewhere during the mid 80's ?? is easily one of the worst and absolute most redundant horror films ever made. The second part did not have a real plot and reused images of the original only to further exploit the success of the genuinely sandy and petrifying premise. Craven also wanted us to believe that even dogs suffer from flashbacks and painful memories while the loyal German shepherd of the Carter family relived his bloody struggle with one of the mountain hipsters. There were a few alarming signs pointing out that this sequel would be a horrendous failure as well. The remake came out only a year ago and here's the sequel already? The incredible speed of its launch just makes you question the quality of the script. Do not they need a little more time if they want to create a movie that is scary, threatening and disturbing? With his excellent film, Alexandre Aja altered his general opinion about the horror remakes almost entirely, since he had the courage and intellect to change the essentials of the plot and add more nauseating nausea than anyone could have expected. In addition, Aja is a talented young director and was noted with his French cult classic "High Tension", but who is this new director? "The Hills Have Eyes" by Aja was an unexpected success, enjoyed by both the more experienced and older generations of horror fans as well as younger and more enthusiastic target groups. It's a very good movie, and even though an avalanche of new sequels and clones is inevitable, it's highly unlikely that one of them equals the astounding quality of Aja's overwhelming hit. With all this in mind, plus a rather large dose of personal skepticism, I must admit that this hasty sequence is not as horrible as anticipated. The script is a routine and cliché of horror fodder, introducing a fairly large number of characters with few or no backbone and tasteless describing how they are slaughtered by traditionally repellent-looking aberrations. Following the events of the first film, the US Army set up a camp in the middle of the New Mexico desert to investigate the effects of the nuclear tests that occurred in the 1950s and 1960s. For the terrifying mutant survivors of the miners community who stayed there for the radioactive tests, scientists and researchers form a tasty starter engine until the main incompetent group of soldiers arrives by truck. They are supposed to leave food and supplies, but find their ultimate military training exercise when confronted with the relentless humanoids who live within the remains of the mines. <br /> <br /> This is basically just another of the numbers. slasher with idiot characters who are, even after losing several of their friends, still stupid enough to separate from the group and act as easy-to-kill targets. It is also very easy to point out which of them will leave this adventure alive, especially when one of the soldiers is against all kinds of violence and another continually looks at video images of his beautiful 3-year-old son. "The Hills Have Eyes II" completely lacking? as expected ?? originality, logic and plausible situations. Mutant miners are not as threatening as their counterparts in the first part, mainly because they are not organized this time around and only behave like prototype dribbling and sex-hungry monsters. Since you do not care about the amateur G.I. Joe "heroes" and definitely do not feel any sympathy for the eyes in the hills, this movie is a lot less appealing and engaging than the original from last year. More specifically, this second film is not as violent and bloody as the first! The sequences often compensate for the lack of suspense and the absence of surprises with extra killing sequences and more graphic killings, but the action in this sequence is actually tame compared to the unhealthy footage in its predecessor. Are there a handful of scenes to satisfy the fanatics by bloodthirsty terror ?? mostly showing soldiers falling cliffs or being shot by their own weapons? but unfortunately there are no scandalous battles or virulent dog attacks. What a pity! What is the point of a sequel if it can not surpass the level of rudeness and / or free dirt of the original? Luckily, the movie is never boring or unnecessarily sentimental, and you will have fun seeing things that do not make the least sense! For example, the wallets falling from the bloody heads of people, women without any muscular strength are used as tough soldiers and ?? my personal favorite ?? assigning the ONE a speech-disabled soldier to operate radio communications.
