Last year's remake of 'The Hills Have Eyes' was one of the best attempts to update the vaguely exploitative horror films of the 1970s to a new audience. Alexandre Aja allowed an admirable degree of character development and when the violence began it was stingy and wild and all accomplished in a flawless photography landscape and production design. I was one of the few people who really thought it was better than the original and was waiting for a second visit to the particularly dark and cruel world of the desert mutant savages. <br /> <br /> 'The Hills Have Eyes 2', released just a year after the original, seems like a hasty and ill-conceived attempt to profit from the franchise with little attention to quality. Jonathan Craven's script could have been written over a weekend, and given the speed with which this movie hit theaters, it probably was. It falls upon every cliché of the banal genre in the book, while offering absolutely nothing new to the desert's changing mythology. I always let out a groan of disappointment when a sequel replaces civilian characters by the military. Soldiers are always so lazily written and never cease to deal with rude caricatures of male bullshit. In my opinion, 'Aliens' was the only film to make such a transition with success because of the talent of James Cameron, not only for directing the best action sequences, but never forgetting that an audience has to worry about the people they are slaughtered He was also ably assisted by some genuinely talented actors. With 'The Hills have Eyes 2', it is clear that video director Martin Weisz is not James Cameron, and the cast of television programmers does not have the talent or inclination to turn their cardboard characters into something close to living, breathing human beings. <br /> <br /> Needless to say, every character is a broad, generic cliché. They act stupidly and illogically, making stupid and illogical decisions that lead to predictably stupid and illogical deaths. The second half of the film becomes just another tedious set of corridors pursued by darkness. 'The Descent' (in which Sam McCurdy, coincidentally, also worked as a cinematographer) proved that even this most derivative of sequels can still be performed with genuine originality and suspense, but we do not see such innovation here. The Hills Have Eyes 2 is just a very lazy movie, devoid of suspense, tension or surprise, with not a single individual involved remotely interested in producing anything of quality. It's a meek and tired excuse for a sequel and deserves to spend the rest of her life in a Blockbuster box of bargains.
