'The Hills Eyes II', one of the most senseless and blatantly moronic sequences that appear at some point, is 90 minutes of incompetent movie at its best. Or worse, however, you choose to look at it. While the remake of Hills in 2006 was one of the best and scariest horror films of the year, this sequel takes the whole spark of what made that achievement. Part 2 never gets off the ground and its numbing dialogue. Worst of all, it's not so scary. <br /> <br /> The remake of 2006 followed a family that lies in the middle of the desert of New Mexico, deserted and, one by one, being picked up by demented and sadistic mountain people. People who, as a result of the military testing the atomic bomb on their land years ago, have become who they are. Survive travelers who roam the region. The sequence places the audience in the same desert, now occupied by the military, while secretly investigating the hills and what might have happened to that poor family. When a group of military trainees is taken to the camp, they find it deserted, with no signs of life. A harsh reality soon happens to them, when they come to the conclusion that they are not alone. And the bloody fate that was delivered to many before them will soon become their destiny. <br /> <br /> It does not take a genius to realize that 'Hills' has no legitimate reason to exist. But as last year's remake was well received at both the box office and the critics, it was not surprising that a sequel was rushed into production while there is still money to be won. There is no rhyme or reason for it this time, just an unbelievable and ridiculous setup to pave the way for unthoughtful characters, non-original murders, a nonexistent story, and slipping interest. Originally, director Alexander Aja made the cult classic of Craven a remake that was a unique and completely disturbing experience. One that horribly crossed the line on more than one occasion. His frank demonstration of violence, sadistic torture, well-rounded characterization, and suspense of white fingers were all effectively used to shock and repel the public. The second time, it is rewritten hand-me-downs. There is no style, no courage. He tries to increase the tension by dismembering bodies, when all he really does is done there, done that kind of film, where even the blood seems tame compared to the latest blood baths. <br /> It's sad state of affairs when deformed mutants that catch women for breeding purposes can not hold their attention. It's boring, that's all. 'Hills' has no bite. Despite a leap or two here and there, there is nothing too scary about this horror movie by numbers. It looks like something you'd see on the science fiction channel, with just a few F-bombs, a splash of blood here and there, a rape and a graphic birth scene that is coarser than shocking. It's cheap. And with 'Hills', you reap what you sew. Without any effort, you can expect nothing in return. <br /> <br /> Replacing Aja by Martin Weisz as a director was the film's first major mistake, all it does is drain the film of any sort of emotional resonance. But even more shocking is the strangely bad script written by Wes Craven and his son, Jonathan Craven. You ask, how bad could it be? This is the kind of dialogue that makes any comparison look like Shakespeare. Craven had his fair share of clunkers in the past, but I would never expect something like that from him. It's so unintentionally funny, you have to ask yourself, is Craven making a joke about it? Or did he dump this on his son after the studio paid him? The characters in the film are unidimensional talking heads with no emotions or common sense. The acting is just as bad. The only character who can conquer it is Napoleon Napoli, the skinny kid who does not fit with the others. Even the disoriented and instinctive villains, with whom we might have found some favor in the depths of our thoughts a year ago, are received with indifference. You do not hate them, you do not like them. You honestly could not care less. Just like this movie. <br /> <br /> Even if you were dizzy with fear during 'The Hills Have Eyes' as I was, you will have trouble finding something to enjoy this piece of junk. It is as generic as the generic, and there is absolutely nothing here that we have not seen many times. I can not express it enough, avoid 'The Hills Have Eyes II' like the plague. It is without fear, without originality, frantic and boring. Stick to Craven's original remake or vision. Because if you do not leave after the first thirty minutes, do not say I did not warn you.
