I saw this movie on its release and watched it three or four more times, including last week. I regret having to be a voice of dissent over Mr. Branagh's performance. <br /> <br /> This is really a glorious and sumptuous film, not to mention ambitious over 4 hours long - beautifully shot and projected. Derek Jacobi, Julie Christie, Kate Winslet, Richard Briers and many others do good work. Then there's Kenneth Branagh. If there ever was a project of vanity for an actor, that's it, and Mr. Branagh spares nothing in putting the "ham" in Hamlet. From the cast of stunts (which gives us the worst performance ever by the grumpy Jack Lemmon), the small businesses distracted to infuse a sense of "naturalness", their own performance, ranging from throwing away the most famous soliloquy single throughout the literature to shout every other line. His performance confirms that although he may come across better on stage, where it is needed higher, he has never been a great movie actor. Scenario budget could be charged for catering, Mr. Branagh eats a lot of it. His performance is a perfect example of why people will not see Shakespeare - "full of sound and fury, meaning nothing". And if there is a flaw in your direction, it's that it keeps the camera firmly stuck in its overdone performance. <br /> <br /> No matter what theories people may postulate in the Bardo, he was, after all, said and done, a playwright. The brilliance of his plays rests on the fact that his themes are universal and timeless. Although there is no "right" way to play his plays, there is certainly a great performance, good acting and bad acting. Shakespeare himself gives instructions to the players in the text of "Hamlet" himself. It amazes me how Mr. Branagh "spoke," but did not hear him. It was an example of spending a lot of time working on how he's going to say something, and very little figuring out what he's saying. <br /> <br /> Although Mr. Branagh certainly did a wonderful job at assembling some fun productions, it would be wise to stand behind the camera and let those who know the art of acting practice it. His direction has always been better than his acting. I still give you a lot of credit for resurrecting interest in Shakespeare. He has created a great model for other productions. And it would be interesting to see him on stage, about 20 rows back. But I hope he chooses to direct more and act less. <br /> <br /> Worth seeing? Certainly. There are many little joys to be found in the film. But, it's a long and long film and in the end, one can feel less than they liked what survived.
