I suppose all the inner jokes are what made Munchies a cult classic. I thought it was awful, although given the ridiculous story and nature of the characters, it probably could have been a much better (and funnier) movie. Maybe all they needed was a real budget. <br /> <br /> Munchies, as many viewers have pointed out, is a kind of parody of Gremlins. So, all the references to the movie. The film begins somewhere in Peru during an archaeological dig. A boring boring named Paul, aspiring comedian who offers no sarcasm or witty jokes during the film, despite his career plans, is hiding with his father in the caves. His father is an unconventional archaeologist, looking in the caves not for artificers or mummies or anything else, but proof of UFOs. And that's when the Munchies come on the scene. Hidden in the crevice of a rock is an ugly little mutant that looks like a rubber doll spinning with a Gizmo voice. They call him Arnold, hide him in a bag and bring him home so that Paul's father can finally show evidence of extra terrestrial life. <br /> <br /> Paul, the idiot he is, breaks his promise to his father. Watch Arnold (a bet he made with his father, if he misses it, is for community college to get a 'real' career). The scary neighbor with the bad carpet, Cecil (the veteran of television Harvey Korman), wonders what his neighbors are doing. So he and his lazy son, some kind of hippie airhead (who looks more like they should have made their character a motorcyclist or heavy metal enthusiast) will snatch Arnold. Because? A rich quick scheme, of course. And, of course, even Cecil's son is too dumb to take care of Arnold. And after a few nudges and nudges in Arnold, he multiplies himself into more Munchies. <br /> <br /> This was not even a movie that was so bad that it was good. It was just awful. I was hoping the Munchies would mutate and kill the idiots that were always behind them, even Paul and his girlfriend. At least it would be a way to get rid of all the bad acting in that movie that really makes the movie. Not to mention the special poor effects that look like hand puppets. It's too bad to write about-it was not even funny-not even that young cop who can really give you the murderous contraction in your eyes. As I said, Munchies, if they had received a real budget and better actors, they could have gotten a good parody. Pass.
