. . . And that's a bad thing, because at least if it had been a Troma movie, it would have been unbridled violence and a greater sense of anarchic abandonment that might have increased my rating a bit. <br /> <br /> So, instead we have a very meek (rated as PG), poorly lukewarm, low budget (Roger Corman produced it with an unknown director who later remained unknown) Gremlins (1984) / Critters (1986) -wannabe with almost exclusively plane logic of logic that made Gremlins work as well - fantasy logic or not, no suspense, no sense of adventure, and no violence or nudity to make up for it. <br /> <br /> Although I'm sure that some of the problems with the film are inherent in the script - let's face it, no one could deliver these jokes so they were funny - it seems like the biggest guilt has to fall on the director's lap , Bettina Hirsch. In more capable hands, Munchies could have been fun. <br /> <br /> After all, it starts like many great adventure movies. Simon Waterman (Harvey Korman) and his son Paul (Charles Stratton) are in Peru at an archaeological dig. Simon is a wacky archaeologist who is always floating theories about the connections between ancient sites and alien civilizations. For example, he thinks he sees evidence of laser cutting of old stones. So they are in Machu Picchu looking for more evidence of Simon's theories when they happen in a secret chamber. Inside, they quickly find the animal they later call "Arnold," one of the snacks of the size. <br /> <br /> They take Arnold back to his little town in the California desert. Simon, who thinks Arnold is probably an alien creature, has to go to a colleague's lecture, and he plans to tell his colleague that he finally has an alien specimen. Paul and his extremely sweet girlfriend, Cindy (Nadine Van der Velde), take care of Arnold, but as they have not seen each other for a long time, they leave Arnold unsupervised as they jump in the bag. Meanwhile, Simon's brother, Cecil (also played by Korman in a double role), owner of a successful salty snack company, is eager to buy Simon's house and land - they are adjacent to yours. Simon does not want to sell, so Cecil has a scheme to steal Arnold. Things gradually get out of control, and the snacks, which have a mediocre expression to accompany their cravings for junk food, begin to invade the city. <br /> <br /> This is better in summary than in what it is. until then. The best scenes of the film are those with natural landscapes in the background, such as when the characters are driving on the outskirts of the desert city. Interiors, with the exception of Cecil's house, tend to resemble cheap and poorly decorated scenarios, and, most importantly, tend to show that Hirsch is not very skilled at blocking and making plans. Strangely, given the scarcity of production design in general, Cecil's house is a real gem, imbued with the exaggerated style of the 1980s down to the last detail, and Cecil's stepson, Dude (Jon Stafford), was a fun counterpoint. Too bad, then, that he's out of the movie so quickly. <br /> <br /> Anyway, Korman is a fun actor, but he's much better off here with Simon than with Cecil. Unfortunately, Simon ends up being absent for most of the film. Cecil, who is physically differentiated by a wig and ridiculous facials, is not only the "evil capitalist" of the film, he is one of Korman's classics and despicable characters - this was one of his specialties, often capitalized on "Carol." Unlike the "The Carol Burnett Show," which was successful because directors Clark Jones and Dave Powers had a well-studied way of pushing the skits to the brink of chaos, Hirsch rules Korman from too far, and the character Cecil simply does not make him work the way he should. There are many other problems related to the director, not less than it is an unstable rhythm and editing that completely undermines any possible suspense or dramatic impact of Even the scenes that should have been used to improve the drama - such as when the munchies are bothering an old lady on the road - are brought together in a very strange way to have much effect. There are also serious problems The movie trailer seems to show an answer to this, but it was edited out of the final cut. A more serious problem is that, unlike the gremlins, there's no clear reason for munchies to go from fluffy, fluffy fur balls to menacing monsters. That just happens. Also, as Munchies was kept as PG, and violence continues to decline, when creatures are in monster phase, they are never very threatening. They are also easily dispatched, at least temporarily. <br /> <br /> Of course, the essence of the film is not suspense, horror, drama or anything else, but humor. It is intended more as a parody of Gremlins and countless assaults on its trail. The only problem with that is that the movie is not funny, even though I've laughed a few times. A surprisingly high percentage of jokes are bland clichés. Much of the remaining material is composed of non-sequential sequences. Given Hirsch's bad timing, everything just falls flat. There was potential to make a movie that, although a parody, was both funny and scary, hilarious and disturbing, extravagant and full of suspense, all at the same time, to the Killer Klowns ward of the Outer Space (1988). Too bad, then, that Munchies does not even come close to that.
