Munchies begins in Darker and Darker Peru (more akin to a dirt road for me), where archaeologist Simon Watterman (Harvey Korman) and his son Paul (Charles Stratton) are on an expedition. Simon thinks the ancient Aztec buildings were actually spacecraft control centers and he's on a mission to get proof that alien life forms visited Earth, while in one of these structures he discovers a strange little creature he puts in your backpack and takes you back home. he to the small American town of Sweetwater in California. Simon feels that the creature is the evidence he has sought and for some unexplained reason decides to leave the thing at home while he will share his discovery. Simon asks Paul and his wife Cindy (Nadine Van der Velde) to take care of it. Meanwhile, Simon's brother and fast-food entrepreneur Cecil Watterman (Harvey Korman again) steals the creature so his brother does not make a living out of it, but his dumb step-son Dude (Jon Stafford) fights it and finds a way a knife, but the individual parts grow back into small separate creatures that cause a lot of chaos among the people of the city ... Directed by Bettina Hirsch, this must be one of the worst comedies of terror of all times if not the worst. Lance Smith's script is so bland that it's painful. Every joke on Munchies loses the mark by the proverbial mile, I doubt the humor in this piece of crap would appeal to preteens. There's simply nothing remotely funny or even fun in Munchies as far as I'm concerned. The basic story is crap too, they simply find this creature running without any explanation of what it is, because no one has ever seen it before, how it can learn English so quickly and how it learns to drive, etc. The whole thing is a big Gremlins (1984) with none of the elements that made the movie so good. The character is an idiot, the stupid deputy (Charlie Phillips) and his father (Hardy Rawls), Cecil wearing an embarrassing wig and fake mustache and his wife air head Melvis (Alix Elias) and beyond. They simply embarrass and are ridiculous, I challenge anyone to find any of this funny rancid garbage. Basically Munchies failed spectacularly at being a comedy or horror and ends up being, yes you guessed it, crap. <br /> <br /> Director Hirsch was obviously working on a low budget here and it shows, the whole thing happens in two houses, the desert, some caves and a miniature golf course. This is really a cheap and incompetent movie. The special effects on the Munchies themselves are really terrible, their tight dolls that have no movement unless someone off the camera pulls a rope attached to the arm. I can not emphasize how bad the effects are, these things would not convince my 4 year old nephew (as proven by me and him yesterday!). Total incompetence, this movie sucks. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is horrible, bad special effects, lame production design, garbage sets and everything else sucks. The acting is completely rotten, from the police to Korman, who has two roles that prove he can not act and is not funny. <br /> <br /> Munchies is a very bad movie that fails at all. Let him try to reach, sure, see if you want I will not stop you, but just do not say that you were not warned! My advice would be to watch Gremlins again, but the decision is yours!
