Most agree that Wolverine's character is one of the most intriguing characters in comic book history. I'm not an expert on Marvel, but I grew up with the X-Men adventures and definitely approve of Hugh Jackman's now widely-known portrait of Logan. I liked the first X-Men, I found the continuation very heavy and confusing and I liked the third one as a comic book entertainment. During all three films, I probably liked Jackman more than anything else. I figured the idea of ​​making an "origin" movie about Wolverine might very well end up being a better movie than all three X-Men movies. If we focused on one character, I figured there might be a movie that would achieve what I thought the second movie failed to - be a rather complex, character-driven comic book adventure. <br /> <br /> The reason why the Wolverine-movie is not because the competition is more difficult after The Dark Knight. It is not because of a plot development that is beyond obvious and rudimentary - although this is certainly not good - no, it is because the film does not even seem to try. For starters, this does not qualify as good entertainment. There is something about the action in this movie that looks very, very automatic. No greater special effects or suspenseful elements, and when an event will make you predict the next five, it almost looks like a Uwe Boll movie imitating an action / adventure movie concept you've seen a dozen times. Of course, nothing in this movie is as horrible as a piece of Bolls ** t, but when everyone talks about cliches as if they were part of a chain of events that is so normal, you at least make the connection and that's certainly bad. enough. <br /> <br /> But there is an even bigger problem. Even a generic action movie is a generic action movie, and by the way, that makes you forgive a lot of character holes and stupidity. I think you find the most fundamental flaw in the title itself. I mean, "origins." Same? What do the people behind this movie think about that title? What do they mean ?? Do you want to know the origins of Wolverine? He grew up with his brother. They ran away from home during dramatic circumstances. So they went to war. All of them! The Civil War, World War I and Vietnam as well. Why did they do this? Still unknown. Finally, the brother (Sabertooth, played by Liev Shrieber) became an evil. "As?" you ask. I do not know, it was somewhere between Omaha Beach and Hanoi. "Yes but why?" you still ask. I just said I do not know !! The movie does not explain. He is very ill! "Yes, but ... you know, 'origins'" ... Yes, well, that's an origin! I mean, duh! Anyway, they end up with a super secret team of elite mutant soldiers. Something about the government, ho-hum. Wolvie gets a lot and leaves her brother. For six years he is a happy lumberjack with a loved one, who ends up a bit helpless around the time that Sabretooth appears again. "Yeaaah ... but ... whyyyy?" - Shut up! - and Wolvie decides to be a guinneapig for a bunch of evil scientist who makes him a meat-covered war animal. He goes after all the bad guys and they come after him and after all the fight he ends up with his memory erased, leaves X-Men the first movie. <br /> There. This is the origin. You can also find it on the back of the DVD cover. The movie itself does not tell you anything else. No worthy action scenes, no good heroes, villains or characters in general (lines from my audience on the couch: Fat suit! Black guy! Oh, I'll give you 200 in cash if that girl survives this movie .., this is supposed to be Gambit ...? mmhm, yeah, well ... uh-huh, right), not a memorable line of dialogue and zero lines to cover a T-shirt with, added to it the ordinary things that spoil the overall plausibility which you can usually forgive ...... well, this sounds pretty much like a waste of time, right? Fans will check this, or already. There's no way to stop it. But if you liked the X-Men movies for no other reason than they were well-made and fun - see them again and do yourself no favor trying to look for origins where there are none.
