Milk misaligned from the dairy cow franchise. Generic superhero movie. CGI showcase. "A Series of Unlikely Events" by Gavin Hood. Combinatorial Iteration of mutant fight scenes, interspersed with futile exposition that justifies the formation / dissolution of arbitrary alliances. I'm not expecting Shakespeare here, but the cliché per minute is out of the charts: Primal screams as she looks up at the sky and kneels over the murdered girlfriend. Renegade military commander. Predictable double crossings. Revenge sought by dead lover. Memories are off. Badly figured out morality at the last minute. Wrong mistakes to execute nemes after defeating them in melee combat. Lover is not really dead. Lover, in fact, acts as spy for the hero's archenemy. Girlfriend / spy really falls in love with protagonist. Good people work for antagonists to save abducted family members. The mentor of evil fails to honor the promises of reluctant employees. Please, the old couple takes care of the weary hero and is murdered by their problems. Certain deaths prevented when third parties arrive at the site before the coup de grace. Hero reluctantly join the secret government agency. Abandonment of the elite squad in protest of the massacre of innocents. Scientists unable to control the indestructible killing machine of their own creation. The government's outdated yet amiable "secret weapon" kills a better-planned but heartless successor. Hero walks away from the wreckage and casually lights a gasoline trail behind him. After everyone gave up, the flatlined heart monitor picks up a wrist. The evil mentor explains the plans for the hero that he no longer sees as a threat. Hero refuses to kill the defeated enemy because he is "better than that". Transparent comic relief character makes hilarious underestimates and uncommon comments. The gay psychopath reveals himself in random homicidal attacks. Almost all the indestructible Goliaths are launched by a series of walls and other physical traumas that would kill a mere mortal. The man dispatches dozens of weapons wielding enemies with nothing but skillful fencing. Common sense and the laws of physics, biology and chemistry are temporarily abandoned. Antagonist using the murder of someone loved as justification for the wrong crusade. <br /> <br /> I could go on, but this is just exhausting. If you are over the age of twelve and do not live in the mother's basement, there is probably nothing here for you. Depressively, it's not much different from superhero movies, so give yourself a discount on everything I've written, if you do not get bored of the genre.
