Yet another film about a group of less intelligent individuals on a road trip wandering off their original travel route to either a shortcut or, in this case, to visit a run-down side show attraction. The results, as expected, are not at all good, since this particular parallel show is home to a bunch of lunatic locals who were stuck fugitives from years ago. The father, who is apparently a professional photographer, just has to stop and take photos of the place, only to find that he still lives. The various members of the family go out to see the various attractions, just to be frightened. Thinking they managed to get safely on their way, the van's tire exploded (surprise!), Leaving them in search of shelter and accommodations in the small town, which we found to be inhabited only by the madmen (surprise!). <br /> This film unfolds as expected, with the family being chased and killed by the freaks. There are some fights on the part of the families, but these are probably among the worst scenes of the film, since they are poorly executed. There is nothing remotely original here, unless you count the totally inadequate soundtrack that is played during specific scenes that completely spoil the atmosphere and mood of the movie. The acting is as bad as I've seen in a while for everyone involved (it's really bad when the cast is outbid by the cast of "Camp Blood"). The special effects are bad and the end made me want to. Still, despite all the negatives, I liked a little of that movie. He definitely has a vibe "so bad, it's good" for him. I went through the whole movie and was even pleasantly entertained when I went through the ridiculously clichéd plot, terrible effects and cheesy special effects. Although the ending left me feeling cheated and angry, particularly because the movie is not so good to begin with and the ending becomes the whole meaningless film. <br /> <br /> In short, I can list countless movies that if you saw them, you saw that, the difference is that most of these movies are better, although not a complete waste, this movie is very bad and not remotely scary. My Note: D
