It's official, folks - Hou Hsiao-Hsien does not think about his head. Are you wondering why he chose Shu Qi as his muse? <br /> <br /> Shu (or is this Qi?) does not appear in this. Instead we have Yo Hitoto, apparently a pop star in Japan - judging by her music in the end, she's a pop star just like the girl who serves you in Rockin 'Curry is "an actress" - and a wasted Tadanobu Asano, usually a quality gauge, who is forced to do nothing here, but stands still and looks like an Asian hipster grump and is too old to handle it. <br /> <br /> Hou's philosophy? Life is a limbo, a great nothing, feel and move on. I would like to do this, but Hou gives us nothing to feel at Café Lumiere as well as a pleasant photographic essay from Life in Tokyo Circa 2003 and the astounding observation that people are ships that pass at night, no, they do trains passing by the day, never connecting, each running to their own destination, usually some variant of a dark tunnel or perhaps a bridge if they are lucky. Yikes Flowers of Shanghai is one of the most refined, technically accomplished and mesmerizing movies of all time. How could the same director who created the opening scene of that movie, which features about twelve actors talking at a machine-gun speed for about ten minutes in a row - an impossible directorial feat - get stuck making this laconic reality of the sub-Jarmusch porn for two movies in a row now? Millennium Mambo may be a dead weight, but at least there are two great shots that suggest Hou's true vocation as Odilon Redon's equivalent: These scenes are sex scenes with flashing lights and the opening scene of Shu Qi floating by a blue corridor. Your M.O. When making the Café Lumiere it seems to have been to remove the two great photos of the Millennium Mambo to make it more consistent. You are the judge if that sounds attractive. <br /> <br /> Hou need not refine - you can not refine the idea of ​​limbo more than Flowers of Shanghai. It needs to expand, swell out, liberate the inner Expressionist and the gender revitalizer that is being foolishly wasted on cliché minimalism. It's time for him to do a live-action remake of Akira or something. This type of art film, in which the actors are supposed to be authentic, because they are kept faceless and spoken in monosyllables, is now to some extent as safe, stale and stagnant as Hollywood's blockbuster action. (What is the connection between "reality" and people who can not speak? It seems to me that people "in real life" never stop yapping.) So again, considering that in 2005 he brought big budget movies as well as several rich in ideas like Aeon Flux, The Island and King Kong, it's now safe to say that even Michael Bay has surpassed Hou, and that's really sad. <br /> <br /> The good news is that although Hou is in his 50s, frankly it seems to me that he has not even started. There are a few moments in this movie that show that the promise is still there, as a little melancholy at the beginning of the bookstore, when the room darkens to a bloody red sun while Hitoto talks about babies with goblins faces. But whatever fear is holding him, no matter how comfortable it is to do the same movie over and over and be acclaimed by the naive and pretentious as the movie savior, Hou, his time as the darling of Rotterdam, Venice, Toronto, Berlin and any other film festival is almost over and people are picking up their trick quickly. Two words for you: Atom Egoyan. Two more words, or perhaps three: Tsai Ming-Liang. You are now cribbing out of both the tedious frauds that are about to rise your own dark tunnels forever. Risk your shirt on an epic sci-fi, sell out, be insulted - but leave the social criticism to people who have no eye and no heart. Let your pictorial talent express itself to the fullest. You'll never get out of limbo.
