I am a latecomer to the transcendent work of filmmaker Yasujiro Ozu, whose masterfully underrated visions of Japanese life, especially in the post-World War II era, illuminate universal truths. Having now seen several of his landmark films as "Late Spring" of 1949 and "Tokyo Story" of 1953, I am convinced that Ozu had a particularly idiosyncratic gift of conveying the range of feelings arising from intergenerational conflict through elliptical narratives and images subtle It is the ardent aspiration of Taiwanese director Hou Hsiao-hsien to pay tribute to Ozu in his centenary with this generally unnerving 2003 film. Among the co-writers T'ien-wen Chu, Hsiao-hsien seems to have the right look, but does not capture the necessary emotional weight that would have made the glacial pace tolerable. <br /> <br /> The story concerns Yôko, a young Japanese writer who researched the life of Jiang Wen-Ye, a Taiwanese composer from the mid-twentieth century in Tokyo, after returning from Taiwan, where he taught Japanese. After 25 minutes of character set-up, she reveals to her father and stepmother that she is pregnant with one of her students in Taiwan. At the same time, Hajime, Yôko's friend who runs a bookstore, has an obsession with trains and seems to be in love with her. Hsiao-hsien connects this little plot line with a series of shots taken for overly long shots as the frame's composition changes. There are also long periods of silence as well as an abundance of scenes with trains. Although these techniques are consistent with Ozu's style, Hsiao-hsien does not seem to delve into the psyche of the characters the way Ozu did with maximum fluidity and minimal theatricality, in particular, Yôko's situation seems somewhat non-compromising in the drama scheme presented and the reaction of their parents excessively passive to have much interest. In fact, the whole film has an atmosphere of exhaustion, which makes the film seem endless. <br /> <br /> The performances are unobtrusive, though hardly memorable. The Japanese pop star Yo Hitoto brings a natural ease to Yôko, while Tadanobu Asano is a kind of cipher like Hajime. The rest of the characters barely registered, even Nenji Kobayashi and Kimiko Yo as Yôko's parents. Director of photography Lee Ping-Bing offers expert work, although he violates a fundamental rule of Ozu's films by not keeping the camera steady during filming. Hitoto speaks-sings pop music used on him ending credits, "Hito-Shian". The DVD includes a long-running French documentary, "Métro Lumière," which helps provide some of the context of Hsiao-hsien's approach to the film. It includes snippets of Ozu's films, in particular, "Equinox Flower", to show the parallels with this film, although surprisingly no mention of "Tokyo Story" or "Early Summer", the obvious basis for some of the scenes and situations situated. ups. There are also clips from edited interviews of Hitoto, Asano and Hsiao-hsien, as well as the movie trailer.
