CREEPSHOW 2 is the ill-fated sequence of George Romero's original CREEPSHOW (overrated). Any sequence that accompanies a Romero movie that is not directed by Romero himself has some big shoes to fill, mostly because of Romero fans who think he is God. I did not care much about the first movie and funny enough, I did not care much about the sequel. The film series had a lot of potential, but it was short because both films were less than stellar. The biggest problem with CREEPSHOW 2 was that it had only three stories (excluding the middle story), and as the first story sucked unbelievable, it just left the chance for almost half of the movie. be * really * good. I saw CS 2 in the movies and the first segment was a real moan. Anything dramatic with George 'I can not act' Kennedy is automatically doomed and the history of the Indian Statue was very corny and simply did not belong to that sequence. Then, after a really banal and monotonous start, there were only two other stories left to reverse the aborted start fiasco, and unfortunately the other two stories were not good enough for me to forget the first story. RAFT and HITCHHIKER are moderately successful, moderately because, although the other two segments have their moments, they still oppose. The last two stories are basically stretched out for a long time. It was not that I wanted the stories to happen at a dizzying pace and end quickly, but both good ideas found in those stories were nullified by the fact that they were slow and padded and eventually fell off when the segments needed to be more energized, more erratic, and with stronger endings. Also, if the last two stories had not been stretched to fill the film or if the three segments had been shorter, with better editing and direction, they could have added a much needed fourth story to the group. Having only three padded segments made for a boring banquet. <br /> <br /> The acting and writing in the THE RAFT and THE HITCHHIKER segments are horrible to good. I like Lois Chiles in the last segment. It's probably her best moment on screen, in addition to her role as Bond Girl Holly Goodhead in MOONRAKER and DEATH ON THE NILE. But even his role is difficult to understand sometimes because of useful direction and unfocused history. Should we hate or sympathize with her? Should we sympathize with the irritating hitchhiker? If the backpacker's body was found by other people on the road, what did he have when he attacked Chiles? Was he a ghost or a zombie or what? How did the body leave the presence of other people who found it dead to attack Chiles? The whole thing is not very clear, even for a supernatural story. And the ending is rather monotonous and monotonous. <br /> <br /> As for the infamous story THE RAFT, well, the acting is mostly on the terrible side and none of the characters are friendly or engaging. The characters would have been more interesting if the actors had touched themselves. None of the actors is convincing in their specific roles. Paul Satterfield looks smarter than the idiot athlete he's playing and the actress who plays his girlfriend is not very convincing as the typical bitch slut. She seems very shy. The same could be said with the other two who interpret the "simple" teenagers. The idea of ​​the killer oil stain is interesting and frightening, but it is not well executed. There must have been a fifth character in the story, maybe a beggar or a ranger who peers around the lake and knows about the oil slick and could have been the alter ego type of the water monster. As scary as the oil slick is, it does not make for an attractive "character". And the way the story ends, everything seems meaningless. No punch at all. <br /> <br /> Except for the few exciting aspects that always seem to make boring things worthwhile, seeing CREEPSHOW 2 in a theater was basically a waste of time and money. CS 2 is more rental material than something you pay to see on the big screen.
