I may not be a big fan of the original "Creepshow", but its useless sequel makes the anthology look like a perfection! And to think that I was coming into this waiting one more time. Five years after his predecessor, George Romero returns aboard the EC Comic-style track, and on this tour, Steve King's script tells about three stories. However, the direction is passed to Michael Gornick. The film mainly fails in this respect with uneven Gornick brushes. But most of the blame would have to go to the horribly static and unbearably resembling script of Romero (especially in the dialogues that go through the first and last story). Moral messages (which came mainly from a sour group of characters) simply assumed black humor. Oh, it was painful and the same can be said about the lively and rotten music that accompanies the image. Vaguely connecting the three tales (Old Chief Woodenhead, The Raft and The Hitchhiker) together is a slightly curious and effective surrounding story made in the form of nostalgia (1980s) animation. I really liked this segment and the character of Creep was a bright light. The first story "Old Chief Woodenhead" sees two elderly owners (George Kennedy & Dorothy Lamour) from a general store in an agonizing native community, Dead River. Get stolen and eventually killed by a couple of punks dying to live in Hollywood. In front of the store is a wooden statue of an Indian chief who comes to live to avenge his deaths. <br /> <br /> "Listen to George Kennedy's waffle. And stay connected for 10 minutes about how committed he is to your "great" community. What a pleasant and delicate time. Well, like Kennedy's speeches, this is a monotonous, colorless, exaggerated item, which is never a good premise. The arrogant script is simple and the performances are adequate. These two factors really increased my headache. When the Indian comes alive and becomes avenger, the henchmen find a very quick (though horrible) death in the right way. The effects were done laudably, but what about hair that flows freely? How could Hollywood beat that lock of hair back? Ugh! <br /> <br /> # Second story "The Raft" follows a group of drug and teenage smokers heading for an isolated lake. After swimming to the raft in the middle of the lake, they are stuck on the platform because of a threatening-looking creature lurking in the water. <br /> <br /> Now this is much better, MUCH better. What begins when your basic teens run, turns into a mysterious setup that is filled with tight and claustrophobic tension. And do not even panic with flashes of nudity or rancorous spats. Quite morbid and that goes for your sense of humor, too. The surprisingly ironic ending has a nice touch. Northerners' performances are acceptable without making a big mark. Gornick's direction is on the bad side and a bit sticky. While, alarming song scores on this occasion pressed the right chords. The slime-like creature on the lake (as many have already mentioned) looks like a icky black canvas (yes, you're reading this right!) Floating in the water. <br /> <br /> # Finally, number three ends with "The Hitchhiker." A wealthy but sexually needy woman is coming home after being with her male gigolo, but is late. Thinking of some ideas to explain by her delay if necessary, she slides off the road and accidentally hits a hitchhiker. Instead of checking or getting help, she leaves in the hope of getting home before her husband. Soon she is being terrorized by the mutilated corpse of the dead hitchhiker. <br /> <br /> "It's not horrible, but I did not really participate in this ridiculously ridiculous exercise. Compared with the first two, this one was so different in tone and tried to please the funny bone. Lois Chiles was well into the lead role, but this constant assurance and the little conversations she has with herself have become regrettably aggravating and frankly tired. Vivid makeup effects are well-displayed and drip from vision. When she hits the hitchhiker, she gets agitated, extravagant, and exaggerated in her performance. From there on, we hear endlessly our hitchhiker supposedly dead repeat and repeat? and repeat the phrase "Thanks for the ride!" This happens every time she decides to run him down. Have a little courtesy for the dear dead. <br /> <br /> In all, the second tale "The Raft" and the unpleasantly well-designed effects are what raise this extremely inferior sequel.
