We've all been there, sitting with some friends watching a bad movie, laughing at how terribly it was done and how poor the acting was; eventually the credits roll and everyone looks around and they say "how is it possible that such a film was made? Who paid to have this script turned into a feature film?" Well Jigsaw is not that kind of movie, instead of asking how this garbage was budgeted, you wonder why manufacturers were hit by a cannon in the sun. Yes, Jigsaw is possibly the worst film ever made or conceived, this coming from a guy who has seen stories of campfire and lake fever. The movie starts in some kind of college class, what kind of class I'm not sure, but I imagine it's an art class. Now these idiots have received a final project from their idiot teacher, five of them have been given pieces of a mannequin and told to design it the way they please, and since there are only five pieces that the other students in the class receive and automatic A, incredible as it may seem, there are only six students in this entire class, so the chic Goth gets a free A, good for her! A week goes by, and the five students, as well as a teacher, as well as a country husband come together in a bar to discuss and finalize the project, join the pieces, head, arms, legs and inform others why they chose their specific designs, now these creative geniuses have used the week to their advantage, one places a saw blade in his left hand, the other takes a serrated barrel rifle, the right leg picks up a handful of broken pottery glued to it and a few magazine clippings on the left is the worst getting a camera in the eye, wing Hellraiser 3, with some bottle rockets for a stylish mo-hawk. After everyone has poured their guts on their specific projects, the now drunken professor says they should burn the manikin, now appropriately called the Jigsaw. Now to this point has been standard horrible fair film, bad acting, dialogue and everything else but it was still quite plausible but after Jigsaw catches fire things give a turn to the worst ... Jigsaw comes alive .. As you ask ? I have no idea, he simply does, because the writers could not think of a realistic way to earn a pound of molded plastic to stay alive. (Come on guys, a ray of light, a voodoo-traveling priest, anything could have worked.) So, once Jigsaw comes to life, he uses his new skills to walk very slowly and with the use of his fingers molded to wreak havoc. First he kills the cool guy with a bit of barbed wire, this guy who was about to start with a hot chic decides to drink beer from a distance is more important than what's in front of him. With it out Jigsaw shoots the sexy girl in the face and then gives a heart attack to an old man with a slight twist of his head, he then sees a nasty southern woman and then her hired husband; Jigsaw then kills the nerdy guy with some headless disappointment. Did I mention that Jigsaw took parts of the body of its victims to make a human version of itself? Not! Well, it's not important that they do not even show off their macabre creation, they do not even show that he steals a torso from their poor creators (Maybe he was trying to create In Living Color's chief detective). So, after these five have been killed, the teacher and the nerd are all that remains, the teacher learns that Jigsaw only needs a head to finish his masterpiece, since he is not yet interested in this torso thing. So being the coward, he is the teacher ties the girl as a sacrifice to Jigsaw, who comes just to go to the teacher with his electrifying saw that is not even connected. That's where the damn movie ends, we do not even see the teacher being killed or what happens to the girl, let alone an explanation of why the Jigsaw came up or how it was cleaned after being burned. This film is so shameful that it is also seen, it is only 71 minutes, so it is a small part of your day; For the memories of a lifetime, Jigsaw, Jigsaw, Jigsaw. Thank you Total Recall! The judge decided, to watch the Jigsaw only if his plans to cut his genitals seem to be exhausted.
