This movie really blew me away. The acting is atrocious. Unbelievable. And it's about actors. The story is incredibly obvious: a group of independent actors play a Passion Play and, in turn, begin to live the lives of the characters they play. I've been watching a lot of movies lately, thanks to Netflix, and this is the first one I have not watched all the time. I felt I did not need to see the end; we all know the end of this story. <br /> <br /> For some, it seems that this "modernization" of the Gospels is sacrilegious or enlightening. I can not speak of any of this because I was not raised in the Christian church. That said, I was raised in the USA and live in an increasingly Christian culture. I am curious enough about Jesus and about the modernization of religion, for better or for worse. I have not seen Mel Gibson's version, but I'm guessing those who liked that will like it, except the more conservative ones. I just wanted it to be a better movie. <br /> <br /> Many of these critics praise Arcand's direction and especially cinematography. I did not like any of them. The film itself is quite cautious and prejudiced. I did not believe in the persona of the characters and I never got involved with their lives on the screen. The piece inside the piece is very outdated and would not, I think, have its own weight in a production in real time. But this is irrelevant. What I really needed to make this work would have been a stronger development of the characters and plot to support the philosophical and theological issues the film would like to have. And the musical choices are obvious and not original. <br /> <br /> There were two examples of this that come easily to mind. First, there is a re-enactment of the parable of Jesus directing the temple money lenders: the main actor, who fell in love with the woman who will play Magdalene and who is also a model and dancer, is enraged at being demoted to a test for a commercial (with a perverse producer and many men panting in the audience) without the pants. He destroys the place and pursues them all. I think that's the level the movie wants to achieve. The romance between these two is entirely arbitrary and not at all emotionally realized and the scene unfolds as a representation of Death of a Salesman at school, that is, not well. Please stop banging me on the head with this arrogant "meaning". The other is the relationship between the other protagonist and the priest who asked them to do the play and who eventually turns against them and draws them to the now corrupt Church. Because. Why does she sleep with this guy? "It brings you so much pleasure and so little pain." Ah, the holy whore and the lovely old rascal. It seems to be enough for Arcand to mean, but it's not worth enriching and animating these characters. They are going through the motions and I'm reaching for the eject button. <br /> <br /> Feel free to write me as bored, tired or just not interested. Feel free to watch this movie and see the passion, in all its beauty, sadness and inspiration, delivered as an amateur and enigmatic farce. Feel free to have all your preconceived ideas affirmed and see any fragment of artistic integrity abandoned by monotonous nonsense. But do not say I did not warn you.
