It's hard to say if Noonan and Marshall are trying to imitate Abbott & Costello, Martin & Lewis, Curley & Larry, or some other comedy team, but whoever they were trying to imitate failed miserably. There is only a faint laugh in this incredibly stupid image. Noonan (who helped write the so-called "script") and Marshall have no chemistry whatsoever; Marshall seems to be trying some kind of cool Martin-type cool stuff, but he's not even remotely close. God knows what Noonan thought he was doing, but to make sure it was not. He seems to think that beating his arms and legs a lot and staring at everyone idiotically and everything is the height of comedy on the screen; perhaps for him to be, but not for the public. I remember seeing it in the theaters when it left. He was at the bottom of a double account with a three-year-old Jeff Chandler ("Pillars of the Sky" who was very good) and a short three-piece "Sappy Bullfighters," and about 20 minutes on this thing all the kids in the audience were throwing things on the screen; It was so incredibly dull that it did not even make it to the worst of the Three Stooges shorts. I stayed there until the end (not that I wanted to, but my parents should not catch me until the movie was over), and when the mess was over, I was the only one in the movies. . I saw it again about 15 or so years ago on the Cape one night, and I stayed to watch to see if it was as bad as I remembered. It was worse. The only thing he had to do was Julie Newmar, who was as hot as ever; other than her, this thing has absolutely NOTHING to recommend it. The two also play Japanese soldiers, and the way they do it makes Jerry Lewis's infamous Japanese character set, such as thick-lensed, dented-tooth mental defects, look benign by comparison. Marshall went on to host "Hollywood Squares," and Noonan kept trying to make movies, but most of them were almost as bad as that. Not quite, since I do not think ANYTHING could be as bad as that. A truly pathetic waste of film. Do not waste your time on this.
