"Kings and Queen" is a bloated French drama that goes on for endless two hours and thirty-two minutes, with no discernible point or purpose. <br /> <br /> The film features two stories that seem to have no relationship at first, but that eventually connect with each other in the middle of the movie. The first revolves around Nora and her struggles with several men in her life, including an elderly father who discovers he has only a few days to live. The other story involves a young man named Ishmael, a violinist who is unfairly, he believes, in a mental institution through the machinations of an unknown third. After traveling on separate tracks for some time, these two narratives finally come together when we discover that Ismael is a former mistress of Nora and the man she chose to adopt her son from a previous tragic relationship. With a little more focus and a considerable amount of rationalization, "Kings and Queen" may have been a powerful and engaging drama about current relationships. It certainly has moments of tremendous insight and emotional power, and the performances are for the most part complex and touching. But as a whole, the film snakes and plays in such a way that, frankly, it begins to wreak havoc on our patience and to wear itself off from the start. Even more distressing is the fact that while we spend what seems like a light eternity in the company of these people, we really do not know what to do with either of them when the show finally comes to an end. For example, Nora's father, on his deathbed, writes a fulminating diatribe against the character of his daughter who simply does not talk to the woman we've been looking at for more than two hours. Nora is admittedly no Mother Teresa (so, again, who is she?), But she certainly does not deserve the invective thrown by her own father. Nora could be accused of being confused, indecisive, a bit egocentric at times, but barely enough to have her father wishing she could give him his cancer and make her die instead? I do not think like that. <br /> <br /> Maybe this movie is simply operating on a level of depth that I could not understand. But my suspicion is that even the writer Roger Bohbot and the co-writer / director Arnaud Desplechin would find it difficult to fully explain their purpose here. This is a well-meaning and pretentious film that takes the viewer on a long and tortuous journey through a sea of ​​personal crises, a journey that does not make you wiser or more enlightened than it was in the beginning.
