"Rois et Reine" is a mess of a movie that will probably irritate as many viewers as it delights. It centers in turns on former lovers Nora (Emanuelle Devos) and Ismael (Mathieu Amalric) as each of them faces a major crisis in their now separated lives. While the story of Nora is resumed and has a somber tone, that of Ishmael is touched mainly by laughter, although not particularly funny. Nora's crisis is triggered by the terminal illness of her father, Louis (Maurice Garrel), and Ismael, for her sudden incarceration in a psychiatric hospital at the instigation of a mysterious third. Ishmael and Louis are just two of the males who shaped Nora's life and in turn were shaped by her, the most notable being her first lover, Pierre, and her youngest son, Elias. As past and present events are thrown out to the public, and ex-lovers engage in each other's lives one more time, it gradually emerges that Nora's personal story may be less trustworthy than at first sight. > <br /> The director of cult Arnaud Desplechin created a considerable singularity here, that attracted great applause in France. He willingly avoids the established narrative convention and develops the film through a series of dramatic changes in mood and tone. If this approach had been based on a coherent central unifying idea or theme, it might have worked, but it is unclear in the end what exactly Desplechin's film really is. Heavy allusions to Greek mythology and Freudian theory are evidently charged with meaning, but at least for this non-scholar film-goer, they remain little useful in illuminating and interpreting the characters' lives. At other times, the treatment turns into kitsch, but the use of the anodyne "Moon River" as the theme of the movie suggests is probably deliberate. <br /> <br /> ** Spoiler Alert ** I suspect that an important movie theme is the not very original observation that the way we see ourselves may differ radically from how others see us or even from how we think that others see us. This idea is most obviously represented in the film by Pierre's violent death and the revelation contained in Louis's secret diary, but unfortunately both events seem entirely disconnected from what was revealed to the audience of Pierre and Louis's respective relations with Nora. . This seems to cheat on Desplechin's part, as if he were pushing the idea about us in an unmediated way, instead of illustrating it more subtly in the natural course of the narrative. One or two sombre and surreal touches imply the presence of an alternate but largely unconscious world of spoiled spoils, but again they are felt more as pretentious intrusions of cinematic technique than eruptions of a deeper reservoir of truth inherent in history. In fact, despite all their innuendoes in-depth, the characters are curiously underdeveloped and uninfluenced, as if they functioned more as codes for the creator's many ideas about people, not as real people in their own right. Many of the details of their lives seem arbitrarily applied instead of organic. For example, Ishmael, as we are constantly reminded, is a violist, but spend more than two hours before actually seeing or hearing him play, and the effect of his instrument or profession on his personality is never elaborated. Thus he may very well be a marine biologist or a trapeze artist. <br /> <br /> Amalric brings a certain manic charm to Ishmael unbalanced, but in the end healthy, but I find Devos cloying and monotonous (which may be intentional, however) as the elusive Nora. Meanwhile, Jean-Paul Roussillon as Ismael's father, Elsa Wolliaston as his psychoanalyst and Magalie Woch as a physically wounded but challenging sinologist who makes friends in the hospital cause the greatest impact among supporting actors. Catherine Deneuve is also present, although her role is little more than a self-referential apparition. <br /> <br /> Anyway, "Rois et Reine" is a well-liked taste. If you fail to push your buttons, Desplechin's undisciplined and flowery approach is very likely to be frustrating and exasperated, even if you keep watching.
