This is another of those 'human against insect / eco-horror' features; a theme that was popular in the late 70's. Only you can not really call it horror. There is zero suspense and no horrible event. In other words, this movie is very bad. It's not that it's really bad or something; it's very boring. A construction site near a hotel discovers a large nest of ants. Later, we learned that, probably due to different types of pesticides used in the past, their bite became poisonous. Some people are bitten and taken to the hospital and it takes a long time for hospital residents to find out what's going on. Robert Foxworth discovers first and then you can watch him go crazy with a digging machine for several hours. So they run away home, waiting to be rescued. And, man, you should see all the efforts they make to rescue them. I'm not going to ruin a lot, but at one point they still use a large helicopter. All the time when I was watching it, I sat there thinking, "Come on, guys, you all have shoes, just run out of the building, I'm sure a lot of ants will not catch up with you." It's all very ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Of course, many close-ups of crawling ants are shown throughout the film. Ants in the garden. Ants in the trash. Ants in the kitchen. Ants on the roof. Ants in the room. Ants in the sink. And the best part: ants crawling on people's faces while the actors are breathing through straws. But when you see groups of ants in wider shots, they really look like black rice, the set designers glued to the wall. <br /> <br /> A little surprise came near the end. No, it has nothing to do with a plot twist. It was just that Brian Dennehy made an appearance as a fire chief. Ehrr ... What else can I say? This film is called HAPPENED IN LAKEWOOD MANOR but the art box of my copy read ANTS and the title during the opening credits was PANIC AT LAKEWOOD MANOR. There you have it. Now, as this is a made-for-TV movie from the 70's, I will once again be extremely moderate in my final rating. Now, THE SAVAGE BEES, another 1976 TV movie of 'humans versus insects' was far better than this. I even feel like I have to go back and add some points to your rating after seeing ANTS. In the absence of suspense, action, emotions, shocks and chills, the only thing left for you after seeing ANTS is an irritating itch.
