MONSTER He was great; I loved the special effects that created this monster that looked like an updated version of "The Black Lagoon Creature". The scenes with this beast roaming the earth and capturing people ranged from good to impressive. <br /> <br /> SOCIAL COMMENT: Much of the story takes place in the quarantine area as doctors (under government orders). SARS-like disease is out there. In short, we have the well-known history of government cover-up. You know, I expect this liberal paranoid mentality with Hollywood movies always painting our government as corrupt, but it seems like the Koreans are copying the format, and it's very tedious. Here, it takes the excitement and the suspense of this "monster". Just drag the movie down. The main family that appears in the movie has to watch from a distance while the family girl, supposedly dead, was pulled by the creature. MORAL: A typical "do not pollute water". "message because that's what can happen - a horrible mutant monster.This used to be the anti-nuclear bomb message of 1950, when the radiation caused giant ants, spiders, fish or whatever in those science fiction films. their "environmental issues" are the focus. <br /> <br /> The HUMOR This was basically stupid.I normally laugh at clowning, but that was not funny.I do not know if Korean sense of humor is so pitiful, or the movie was purposefully trying to be ultra-slick with a take on the old movies "Godzilla." Let's hope it's the last. <br /> <br /> TRANSFER - The video transfer was good.This was a picture of appearance sharp and the sound was decent, with a lot of noise in the crowd.I watched this in Korean with the subtitles in English.This may have been a mistake, since the Korean guttural voice sounds annoying after half an hour. /> GENERAL - That had a promise but ended up sending a big disappointment and even boring in many places, which is inexcusable for a modern monster movie. Two hours was a long time for this story. How this movie attracted record crowds in Korea I do not know. They should not have much in terms of movies to enjoy and support.
