About the only thing I liked about this movie is that there was enough JUST in it to keep me in my place until the end ... I kept thinking that maybe in the next scene things would freeze ... Ah ... > Those who enjoy Gus Van Sant's movies - especially his later ones - are likely to enjoy it. Personally, I find the Van Sant movies boring, pretentious and easy. Well, he was an executive producer for this movie, so it's no surprise that the film could almost have been made by him - although personally I really liked it better than Van Sant's recent efforts (eg, Elephant). Unlike many here, I did not find the film to be difficult to understand or disjointed, I thought above all is a movie that wishes to portray a certain mood - the mood of a teenager moving slowly into the adult world - but so slowly that the changes are barely visible, if at all. But I feel the problem with the film is that "humor" is not enough ... and not just that, but that the humor painted here is, in my opinion, incorrectly chosen for the story that is supposed to be going on. The dreamlike quality, so intimately tied to nature, is beautifully captured here, but it is a climate that belongs far more to a much younger child, who is still totally stuck watching nature unfold (waves on the beach). , grasses and flowers, spiders etc). The rhythm of the movie reminds me of my summers when I was eight or nine. There is a LANGUOR for the movie that is in opposition to what should be a very tense time in a teenage life. When you are caught in a fall by someone - or being bullied at school - you are all but faint! There are only two moments that really worked for me in the movie ... SPOILERS HERE - first when Logan leaves the shop and his mother fits a little. The frustrations of an adult dealing with an awkward boy - especially without a present father - seemed real to me. <br /> <br /> The second, and ONLY part of the movie with some tension, were scenes in which "Leah" (Logan's re-creation of himself) phones Rodeo and tries to seduce him into sex on the phone . The first reason I liked it was because the person who did the narration of "Leah" was the most convincing actor in the entire movie. (This made me think of Claire Danes from My So-Called Life ... her voice even sounded like Claire.) She and Rodeo had the only scenes that seemed totally believable among the kids. And what I particularly liked was the fact that Rodeo only pretended to play along ... was perhaps the best time in the movie as - finally! - We have some character development. <br /> <br /> All in all, an effort a little out of place ... we'll have to see what he does in his next film before we can really say much about the director's possible talents. In the meantime, if he can escape the influence of van Sant, this can make him a world of good. Who is this director anyway - one of van Sant's boy toys?
