Sitting down to watch the Bachelor's 14th season, I knew it would be at an "interesting" time. I watched some of the previous seasons of the passing bachelor; watching an episode or two and losing the next three or more. I think the bachelors are often attractive and intriguing, although their quality and morality are often lacking. "About the Wings of Love" details the journey taken by Jake, a 31-year-old commercial pilot from Dallas, Texas, to find true love as a true love as one can find in a reality-drama dating show of long season. Jake meets 25 beautiful girls from all over the country. He begins to know them a little, but it is mostly superficial; How well can you meet someone in some 5-minute talks? Jake tries to make his true intentions known from the beginning, at least to the public. He noted that he does not just want love or a good time, but he wants a groom or wife. We can only assume he made it clear to women in the competition as well. If this is the case, this may explain, to some extent, some of the actions of women. Women are super competitive. While they do not even know Jake, they are still there to win no matter the cost. <br /> <br /> Women were not only competitive, but they were also confident and malicious. Threats, betrayal and warnings of "Caution!" all show that these women were not there for a long time either. Jake noticed that he was not just looking for sex appeal, but looking for "a connection." However, the girls took all the stops to try to impress Jake with the sex appeal. They arrived at the mansion in tiny dresses? whether short or short cut. While some girls seemed to maintain a sense of propriety, others lost that memo altogether. One girl, Channy, noticed that Jake was a "good boy" to whom she could be a "naughty girl". She went on to say that Jake could land on his "lane anytime." She was shocked at the other girls because of her provocative statement that showed her opinion on these situations. <br /> <br /> So a dating reality show could not be that bad, could it? Beyond the obvious question of sexual attraction, there are other issues that mark this seemingly harmless spectacle. This is the right way to find a future mate; disputing the attention of somebody exhibiting itself in extreme proportions? Unfortunately, however, this is what America has reduced to dating these days: pleasure and sex without compromise and a little happiness on the side. <br /> <br /> Another problem is the premature emotional attach- ment by which many of the girls bond. turned to Jake. Some girls in particular seemed to be overly attached. One girl said, "If I do not have that first impression, she'll kill me!" As mentioned previously, they do not even know it yet and she was talking about a specific rose, not just one of the 15 roses not to be eliminated. <br /> <br /> Michelle, in particular, seemed to have some problems with her attachment to Jake. The other girls noticed that too. After a private explosion of Michelle, Vienna said Michelle had a "mental breakdown and we've only been here for an hour." Michelle got the last rose of the night on the first show? by little lack of elimination ?? and was extremely emotional about it. The other girls thought it was just ridiculous. Another girl also cried, but because she was eliminated. <br /> <br /> It started with Survivor, and from there just took off ?? reality TV. It shows our entertainment interests as a country; if we were not watching the programs and giving them good ratings, the networks would not continue to execute them. The only logical conclusion that can be drawn is that enough of America is hooked. One thing is certain: America (in general) loves the reality show and its appearances. This leads me to wonder: why do we even like reality shows? What attracts us to this? Is it because we see the similarities with our own lives, or is it because we want to be sure that we are more stable and less pathetic than the others? Whatever attracts us to it, we must be careful about the media and the entertainment we allow to fill our minds. I'm not saying that all TV reality shows are bad; however, I am saying that we must evaluate each one of them. <br /> <br /> Episodes used for criticism: Season Premier and Episode 2.
