** SPOILERS ** Reduces the horror film that makes no sense at all with a running killer dressed in a black tunic and wearing what looks like a Peter Lorre rubber mask. It was said at the beginning of the film, almost the first scene, that young Beth Morgan was in rehab due to heavy drug use after her boyfriend was murdered at Tennyson Collage about a year ago. <br /> <br /> FBI agent Sacker (Jeff Conaway), obsessed with getting the killer, was also murdered in Tennyson at the same time. By the time the movie "You Want to Know a Secret" is over, has it ever been explained what these two murders in Connecticute have to do with the Florida massacre of about half a dozen students sticking out the next year? other than the murderer, at least in the murder of Beth's boyfriend, wore the same silly Halloween costume. <br /> <br /> On Spring Break in the State of Florida, the six students are vacationing in a beach house and, before you know it, they start to be knocked down one at a time. Beginning with computer genius Brad Clyton, Chad Allen, the murder came to town with a number of people who have nothing to do with the target student, including Police Chief Gavin, Jack McGee, staying open. <br /> <br /> The masked killer saves Beth last in this strange ceremony in a deserted church in what appears to be the Florida Everglades. He then finally reveals who he is and what are the intentions that make as much sense as the film, none at all. Trying to scare the audience, all that the film does is confuse it and confuse it with several not-so-convincing horror scenes. The most effective ones having the victim Oz Washington, Tom Jay Jones, survive at least three attempts in his life and end up, along with Agent Sacker, the hero of the film. Oz also had a vicious cut standing on a large glass splinter that nearly cut him in half and crippled him, but then he miraculously recovered after being arrested for a murder he did not commit, in fact, he had two more times with the killer with him, not as much as having a slight limp in his walk! It also made no sense because Oz and Beth were on their own picking up the killer instead of calling the police, with a cell phone Oz had instead? Beth's boyfriend, who loses his mind about her in the movie Hank Ford, Joseph Lawrence, is also very unconvincing, as are the two girls at the beach house. They along with Beth Oz end up being the killer victims and then somehow fading out of sight! for a moment you did not know if they really were dead or if it was some kind of hallucination on the Oz part or the local police. Until the last scene they appeared in church. <br /> <br /> We also have a vision of an earlier relationship between Tina and Hank with her, drunk and acting detestable, trying to figure it out. with Hank when Beth walks in without Hank and Tina noticing. That seemed to annoy Beth even more that her boyfriend was murdered at the beginning of the movie!
