Simply horrible slasher, molded from the type of fodder, has beautiful rich college students who spend spring break in a Florida condo being murdered one by one. A flaw in all categories imaginable from suspense properly constructed to the death sequences performed ... nothing is treated correctly and the characters leave little more than caricatures you face to see decimated as quickly as possible. Del Tenney (the curse of the living corpse; I eat his skin), of all people, produced, co-wrote and starred as a priest in a crucial role, whose relationship with the killer, I think means something for what he is psychotic The murderer's revelation is awkwardly treated and ineffective, probably not surprising a soul that watches. There are many attempts at fright jumps, with a character appearing to scare his friend, who could not even produce some cheap emotions because they are so calculated so warmly. Most attacks occur off-screen with bleeding throat cuts (.. or pools) representing the only actual display of violence. The extended ending, in which the killer comes and goes with the actor desperately trying to make his villain as diabolical and insane as possible, is embarrassing and tense. There is not a single positive to derive from this clichéd and monotonous exercise with the handsome cast making little effort to overcome their one-dimensional roles. And for God's sake, they could at least have allowed us to see Joey Lawrence be beheaded or something to endure the misery of sitting in that pile of garbage for 90 minutes of agony. <br /> <br /> Dorie Barton, as the final girl heroine, Beth Morgan, with whom the killer seems to be obsessed, could not be more empty and uninteresting (.. ah, she was in rehab, and takes pills to their nightmares, such an intriguing exposition). Chad Allen, launched against the guy as a very intimidating "friend" of the group (who disappears from the first film, establishing the idea that he is the first victim), has a mountain difficult to climb with his role, so steep he finally stumbles , rolling uncontrollably without end in sight. Jeff Conaway, needing some money, I think, has the role of an undercover FBI agent, whose murder of his daughter motivates him to look for the killer, taking him to Florida. Jack McGee has his usual role as a clever Florida cop who is often face to face with Conaway's agent. <br /> <br /> Oh, the answer to the title question ... not really. Because once you get the answer, you're going to wonder why you bothered with it anyway.
