The movie began with Wheeler entering his girlfriend's apartment. His aunt (Edna May Oliver - a very talented person for this movie) did not like Wheeler - a feeling I can easily relate to. The aunt decided to take this lovely young lady out of Wheeler. They departed and Wheeler invested in a revolution in a small mythical kingdom because they promised to make him their king. Around the same time, Woolsey was in the same small mythical kingdom and was made king. So when Wheeler arrived, it was up to the boys to fight, but they refused because they are already friends - which disappointed people a lot, since killing and replacing the kings is a national pastime. <br /> <br /> I am a big fan of Hollywood's Golden Age comedy - the silent era of the 1940s. I have seen and reviewed hundreds, if not thousands, of these films, and despite my love and appreciation for these movies, I've never been able to understand the appeal of Wheeler and Woolsey - the only comedy team that can be as bad as the Ritz. Brothers! Despite being very successful in his short careers in Hollywood (interrupted due to Robert Woolsey's untimely death), I can not fail to notice that virtually every other successful team has made the same basic ideas, but much better. For example, there were a lot of elements in this movie that reminded me of THE BROTHER'S BROTHERS movie, PAWS SOUP, but CRACKED NUTS never made me laugh and DUCK SOUP was a silly and very enjoyable joke. Sometimes Woolsey spoke a bit like Groucho, but his jokes never have jokes that are not even remotely funny! In fact, he just seemed to babble. His only funny quality was that he looked stupid - there's certainly not enough reason to put him in the movies. In addition, Wheeler had the comic appeal of a piece of cheese - a piece of cheese that sang very badly! A missed opportunity was the old routine of Vaudeville, later popularized by Abbott and Costello as "who's in the first", which was made in this film but lacked any spark of intelligence or time. In fact, shortly after the speech began, they broke the routine - so prematurely that you become frustrated. I knew that "who's in the first" was out there for many years and was used by many teams, but I really wanted to see Wheeler and Woolsey giving a fair shot and giving their own turnaround. <br /> <br /> Once again, I found another sub-par movie of this duo. Although I must admit that I enjoyed some of his movies lightly (like SILLY BILLIES and THE RAINMAKERS - which I actually did 6's on IMDb), this was a great endurance test to complete - something I think happens all over often when I watch the Wheeler and Woolsey movies. Where was all the humor?!
