As a relative who gives you a bad gift, Soul Survivors have their heart in the right place, but it gets in the way of a bad run. Stephen Carpenter's writing / directing effort is freely borrowed from other better films, such as Jacob's Ladder and Open Your Eyes. For those who have not seen any of these movies, I will not give up the premise; Suffice it to say that it is not so well treated here than in these two top films. Melissa Sagemiller star as Cassie, about to go to college. Her current boyfriend Sean (Ben Affleck) and ex-boyfriend Matt (Wes Bentley), both friends, and Annabel (acrimony Eliza Dushku) are in a car accident after being chased by two murderers (?) In transparent masks. She survives the wreckage, but while attending college she has visions of the hospital's ordeal and dead people reappear and disappear, leaving her in a state of total confusion: who is dead? Who is alive? What is real? <br /> <br /> Soul survivors have the appearance of a badly made teenage exploitation film, made-of-it, full of blood, spread by blood and piling up the body. It is true that it has its share of scenes of victim persecution (plentiful, repetitive and narcotic), but at least it tries to create suspense through ideas and not of clichés, unfortunately without success. It generates confusion much more than cohesion, for the story gets confused, confusing and incoherent close to key points of the mystery (predictable as it is). <br /> <br /> Horror fans who get a copy have no idea they are in a movie that is more concerned with building an uncomfortable facade of reality than delivering a body count. The credit goes to Carpenter for trying to create something beyond a teenage horror movie derived; Too bad he created a psychological thriller derived. Sagemiller also deserves praise for showing strength in central performance, in fact, developing her character and evoking some sense of excitement as Cassie unveils. It's great that the filmmakers try something different, but the film ends up being a mixture and a flawed experiment. <br /> <br /> 4 out of 10
