Final Score: 1.8 (out of 10) <br /> <br /> After seeing 'Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back', I must have participated in a big kick from Eliza Dushku when I rented this movie. "Soul Survivors" is a "psychological thriller" garbage, dressed as a trashy teen slasher flick - to the point of having a masked killer chasing a cast of rising youngsters like Dushku, Wes Bentley (American Beauty), Casey Affleck (Drowning Mona ) and the nice star Melissa Sagemiller. Luke Wilson is also there, ridiculously mischievous as a priest. The movie, author / director Stephen Carpenter's idea, looks like a mutant puppy of "Open Your Eyes" or "Vanilla Sky" and films in which a character (and audience) is captured in a world of illusion caused by an accident / death . The film continues to produce disconcerting images and leaves us in a state of confusion throughout the execution time until this alternate reality is finally resolved. I do not think these movies are so much fun - by their very nature - to begin with, but 'SS' is a cheap junk movie the way you do. The visual, the script, the acting and the attempt of any originality, all this are reflexes later to films like this one. Also, it's the PG-13, so it does not even provide blood or T & A to sustain it as a guilty pleasure (even the unrated version is docile). I had heard that the movie contained a "hot" shower scene between Dushku and Sagemiller. When the movie collapsed in front of me and all the other entertainments seemed lost, I found myself waiting patiently for the shower scene - at least I would get something out of it. Then it comes: the two girls paint their shirts, jump in the shower fully dressed and rub. That's it. Did people think it was hot? 'Soul Survivors' is one of those boring movies that are so weak and inept that it's hard to have ANY feeling about it. It does not put anything and is hardly worth writing about. In the end, it leaves us empty. The end of Carpenter is a flickering mess of light and fast sound, and that's probably the most lively part. No doubt he'll be making the rounds like a late night clip in the US or on the Sci-Fi Channel, due to its low cost and PG-13 rating - and that's probably best for him.
