The world is facing impending destruction and a suicide mission is sent to the Sun to avoid a catastrophe by throwing a bomb into its burning heart: yes, it's the Solar Crisis, also known as the 2050 Crisis, which burned a huge amount of change ever appeared on screen in 1990 and returned barely enough to buy a Happy Meal for each of the actors in Japan before going straight to the video (remember them?) in a reissued version credited to one of Alan Smithee. The plot line is pretty much the same as Sunshine - suicide mission to the Sun, saboteur on board, drifting logic - except this time they are not trying to rekindle the sun, but detonate a solar blast prematurely before it reaches Earth. With a talking bomb. Voiced by Paul Williams. Who wants to be promoted so the crew takes you more seriously? Given that the cast also includes Jack Palance in his OTT more demented, Charlton Heston in his stiffest and top-liner Tim Matheson in his most anonymous, unforgettable original of Hills Have Eyes, Michael Berryman (you may not remember the name but you remember that face) and Peter Boyle as the industrialist sabotaging the mission because, if the world is saved, but the price of its action falls, you would expect it were not for at least a minute of laughter to laugh every reel. No joy. This is the worst kind of bad movie: boring. The fate of the world may be in the balance, but the entire movie is filmed with a complete lack of urgency or momentum at the same slow, invariable deadly pace. There is a discreet and is walking by it, but here the cast does not even do that. Instead, they stand staring at the screens almost in the dark for most of the time. You keep hoping that Paul Williams's talking bomb will suffer an existential crisis, but instead, the movie just ... stays there, doing almost nothing. Literally. Is this one of the most inert films ever made? So inert that if Clive Owen had been climbed, he almost looked excited by comparison. Even a poorly explained attempt at suicide repair does not raise an interest since it mostly involves, yes, the cast just standing staring at screens in the dark. Even when the pump prematurely goes into countdown before it is released, they deal with the new crisis by ?? Standing looking at screens in the dark almost as if they had all the time in the world. Merchant-Ivory movies have better action scenes. Things are not very exciting on Earth, where the film spends most of the time with Matheson's son / Chuck's grandson, Corin Nemec, trying to hitch a ride to the movie. spaceport through an arid landscape with the insane desert artist Palance "looking for that note out there while the puppies still dig me" as he was being robbed by rejections of a Mad Max and evil corporate robes that track him down so they could? release it on a beautiful beach. Just do not expect logic if you still have not guessed too much. Best moment? A girl in a bar who describes Jack Palance as "an old guy with white hair and a face like rotten leather," though Chucky Baby took the villain's plane with a bazooka thrown from his hip through the office window or beat up a barbarian who likes his beret are welcome bits of camp in a movie that for 99% of his runtime offers a lot of 'nuttin'. The slightly longer original cut of Richard C. Sarafian, who played in Japan, offers six additional minutes but begs to be reduced to 17 minutes: the director of Vanishing Point must have thanked his lucky star when the reissue gave him Sorry to take your name from the movie. A movie so bad it's not good, and painfully bland
