I chose this title from a friend who had in his exhaustive DVD / Video / Laserdisc collection, so fortunately I personally did not have to pay for it. I had a feeling it would be a bad movie but I know what a really bad movie is after watching big names like Children should not play with dead things and incredibly strange creatures that have stopped living and have become zombies mixed up, and now there's really nothing to call me unless it's surprisingly bad. <br /> <br /> The solar crisis is bad, but it does not reach the ideal point of pain that some movies face. <br /> <br /> Anyway, the general plot is that the sun is about to unleash a huge solar flare towards the earth that will essentially destroy it. To counter this imminent threat, mankind has assembled a spacecraft and crew whose duty it is to fire an antimatter bomb (which the opening describes as "the greatest explosive of all time") in the sun, than through complicated science fiction. the logic will cause the flare to be fired at a different angle, leaving the ground unharmed. <br /> <br /> It does not matter that what I just described seems like a bad episode of the original Star Trek. Even with a cast (Charlton Heston, Peter Boyle and Jack Palance), Solar Crisis can barely control this level of mediocrity, thanks to a plot that starts simple but becomes increasingly absurd as time goes by. <br /> The greatest achievement of this disaster of a movie is the addition of a villainous character (played by Boyle) who insists on sabotaging the mission. Through means that are never explained, he sends an evil servant with an embarrassingly bad haircut to exert some sort of vague mental control over the genetically modified space scientist, played by female leader Annabel Schofield. Why is he sabotaging the mission? Because, from his idiotic point of view, he believes the outbreak will not happen and that when it does not happen, he will become fabulously wealthy because he has dug his clutches of evil in the stock market. In fact, you have a villain with the most absurd and stupid motivation imaginable. <br /> <br /> The plot of the film becomes incredibly complicated and develops very slowly, over time taking advantage of the use of characters that have only vague or uselessly brief roles. the plot. I could sit here and explain in detail exactly what happens to demonstrate the writer's sheer inability to make a storyline that actually clicks or catches his attention, but I'm sitting here writing this comment in Microsoft Word and I know in fact that it would take three pages and could only lose his interest. But again, you would probably have the same effect when watching the movie. <br /> <br /> Anyway, the film is miserably hampered by an extremely bad dialogue. Imagine if all that happened on the Star Trek Enterprise was that the characters were spitting science fiction jargon from one side to the other. Yes, I know, they already do that, but imagine if that's all they did, and that they used that jargon to create vague, almost nonsensical scenes that do not produce excitement, tension or interest in the viewer. <BR> This is best exemplified by the time a character in a Zero-G environment puts a bolt back into a metal box before continuing to cry in agony for a few minutes before exploding suddenly. The script alludes previously to the character risking an explosion, but does not care to give a solid answer on why or how it occurs, nor why it really can not escape. In totality, you have a sorry cross between the bizarre and the laughable. <br /> <br /> So, we have several scenes in which dramatic accumulation leads to nothing. Jack Palance's performance is wasted on a character who serves only to lead the hero kid (do not ask) through the desert before being beaten and killed by a lot of suits. On his deathbed, Palance finally tells our hero his last name (while wearing a horrible pained makeup job that makes it look like someone has placed a balloon under the eyeball), about which he has been silent before. Colonel Travis J. Richards. The boy repeats quietly after it expires, giving viewers the impression that the name has some significance later in the film. Perhaps the charismatic character of the admiral of Charlton Heston will know him and the story will advance as soon as his name is repeated. Something. Anything. No. I'm sorry. Any hope you have will be thwarted when this moment turns out to be just one of many unsuccessful and pathetic attempts to create drama for such a flat and banal character that will always be a blemish on Palance's career as well as the rest of the cast as well is ruined. Completing the film is a painfully abrupt ending, with Schofield piloting the bomb into the center of the sun in an effort to rescue his acts while under the spell of the villain, a climax. which features another of the film's pretty well-made visual effects sequences that, even for the visibly elaborate care, still manage to make the film look as colorful as it really is. The saddest part about this movie is the obviously big budget, tragically wasted on a stinking script and a supporting cast behind Boyle, Heston and Palance who manage to close the coffin with pure over-action. <br /> /> Grade: D-
