I do not think this was absolutely horrible as some people apparently do. It happens like one of those horror movies that you can waste time in the middle of the night when you can not sleep, although admit that it is not better than that. It's true that acting is not great - I thought Marianne McAndrew like Cathy Beck, for example, seemed completely without passion - but the main problem is that several aspects of the plot made no sense to me. The Becks are on a trip described by John (Stewart Moss) as part of the job and part of the honeymoon they never had (now this is romantic!) The working part has something to do with touring caves, which sounds strange (how to be part of a tour group through a cave to relate to someone else's work?) but it gets weirder when we discover that he is a doctor doing research in the area of ​​preventive medicine (huh? That connection completely lost me) . Bitten by a bat to cave, it starts to turn into what I think should be a human-bat hybrid (although when we finally see it in makeup, it looks a lot more like a monkey man of some kind) and a killing begins . Here's another problem. The first murder is a nurse in a hospital. At first everyone thinks her death was an accident. The second murder is from a young girl, who is described as having her throat plucked. The sheriff (Michael Pataki) then tells us that his death was similar to that of the nurse (which means that the throat was ripped off?) - How could anyone think it was an accident?) And what about the sheriff? He seems quite sensible up to the scene in Cathy's hotel room when he takes a sip of drink and then almost rapes her, after which everything seems to return to normal. He's overwhelmed with an ending that left almost everything unsolved, and also with one of the most annoying theme songs I've heard in a movie. Even through all this, there was something here that kept me watching. Sometimes pure food can take you an hour and a half. Too bad, yes - but not as horrible as some people say.
