Actually, the use of documentaries about the nature of swarming bats employed by THE BAT PEOPLE is one of the most effective of all time. There are bat blasts full of ceilings hanging from the ceiling of caves, bats flying in caves or whirling near the mouths of caves. That alone is enough to be disturbing: imagine them all swarming after you? And they, in fact, swarm in what should have been a show-stopper sequence that happened around forty minutes, an inappropriately hilarious sequence where a swarm of bats seems to be attacking a police car, spreading across the windshield as Broken eggs. The problem is that this sequence happens about fifty minutes too late to save the movie, most of it consists of one or more people running around screaming, swinging their arms to chatter excitedly about some fool who got bitten by a bat. The fear is that he is angry, which actually sucks, so his vacation is ruined, as the plot synopsis at the top of THE BAT PEOPLE reference page really points out. So here is an effective summary of the movie: A young couple makes a romantic getaway that is ruined when the guy is bitten by a bat. They boldly try to put up with it, but he begins to rave, trying to convince those around him that he is a little more involved than anger, that he can not control himself, and everyone should stay away. <br /> <br /> Now, when someone is foaming at the mouth, covered in sweat, eyes bulging like one of the cheaper Muppets and screaming for you to move away from me, you move away from him. You do not try to give him drugs, you do not try to tell him that you love him, you give the guy his space, go home, and try that scenic haven next year. <br /> <br /> But no, the people in this movie behave like jerks, insist on pushing the guy to the edge of the abyss, and he turns, turns into a creature resembling a kind of part of a bat and kills a lot of minor non-essential characters. Nothing wrong with that, but the film forgets that it's a low-budget resource and tries to be some kind of psychological study. Instead of a monster movie, we have lots of people running around trying to get this guy to take a cold pill and eventually he runs into the mountains looking much more human than he should, people insist on trying to chase him and pay the expected price. <br /> <br /> The main thing wrong with the movie is that this should have happened in the first fifteen or twenty minutes, thirty at the most, and the movie should have been about the guy after he had turned into a person of bat, rather than on the journey there. It takes a good eighty minutes to really gain momentum on that front with some interesting character sketches along the way involving the always fun Michael Pataki as a small town cop who has lost his moral edge and the late Paul Carr as a medical friend who The film is terribly boring, about fifteen more minutes long, and missed the opportunity to be a nice little Characteristic Creature about a deranged mutant as the favorite of the Italian terrorists. RATMAN, I watched today and was sadly inspired to try this after seeing. Me and my brilliant ideas, though the scene with the police car was a howler monkey: Too bad we could not have had another 20 minutes of it. <br /> <br /> 3/10
