"The Bat People" is a proud resident of the Bottom 100 IMDb. Every once in a while the movie suddenly disappears from the infamous list, depending on whether there are new films with Paris Hilton in the lead or documentaries about American Idol stars, but He always returns with confidence, sooner or later. It's because? Because, unlike most crap on the list, "The Bat People" is a legitimate bad movie and deserves to be there, regardless of any influences from the media or the internet! This is hardly the worst movie of all time, since the basic concept definitely has a certain charm and ingenuity, but it's still indescribably difficult to keep up with the whole thing. The script is incredibly annoying, with absolutely unnecessary filming fillings and gigantic gaps in continuity, and yet the main characters still remain totally unfamiliar throughout the film. In addition to a sensible screenplay, the film also lacks spectacular kill sequences and makeup effects? though courtesy of a young Stan Winston? are ridiculously inept and remain largely invisible until the end of the film. The title of the film is imprecise, as "people" refers to a plural number, while the story really revolves around a bat person. Much more than Bruce Wayne, the real Batman plays in this movie and he also has a real bat cave and a Bat-mobile (a stolen ambulance)! The plot features a young couple on their honeymoon weekend exploring the caves. They leave a guided tour group and he is bitten by a bat while trying to protect his wife from the cruel attack of the animal. Concerned that he may be infected with rabies, he undergoes intense treatment at the local hospital, but still this does not stop him from slowly transforming himself into a blood-thirsty bat creature. He kills random people at night and plays with the suspected police sergeant while his loving wife is still very convinced that inappropriate behavior is solely due to allergic reactions to the treatment of rabies. Sure honey! The script never explains why a bat would attack people and how John always changes back to a normal human at the beginning of a new day instead of gradually turning into a permanent bat state. So basically, "The Bat People" is a variation of the good old werewolf theme, but obviously not very interesting. The concept showed great potential, but somehow the subplots were focused on drunken whiners and perverted sheriffs instead of hideous monsters. Some of the outside settings and locations look impressive, the music mismatched during the credits is strangely captivating, there's a bit of blood during the climax (finally!) And the lead actress Marianne McAndrew is delighted to look at (though do not listen to). The current listing of the really bad and boring film on the bottom is number 80, and I personally hope it stays somewhere in that region. The list simply would not feel traditional without "The Bat People".
