Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II begins at the 1957 Hamilton High School prom, where Mary Lou Maloney (Lisa Schrage) is betraying her encounter with Bill Nordham (Steve Atkinson) with Bud Cooper (Robert Lewis). Bill discovers and is devastated, while Mary Lou is announced like queen of the dance of 1957 and rises to the stage to accept his prize. Bill, still bruised, decides to make a joke about Mary Lou, so he throws a firework display on the stage, but the fuse is still lit and grabs Mary Lou's dress, and in seconds Mary Lou is toast. 30 years later, Hamilton High is about to hold its annual graduation night. Bill (Micheal Ironside) is now the director and has a teenage son named Craig (Justin Louis) who is dating Vicki Carpenter (Wendy Lyon) and they are both planning to go to the dance together. Bud (Richard Monette) is now a priest, that terrible night of 30 years ago still haunts Bill & Bud. One day Vicki is looking around the basement of the schools when she discovers a large chest that she opens, this turns out to be a bad move as the vengeful spirit of Mary Lou is released and is claiming to claim her crown as prom queen and in it free time prepares to avenge his untimely death. The first is Jess Browning (Beth Gondek), whose death is attributed to a suicide, Mary Lou begins to possess the body of Vicki while the night of the dance approaches. After dismissing some competition in the form of Kelly Hennenlotter (Terri Hawkes), who tries to fix the dance for her to win. Mary Lou in Vicki's body is crowned the queen of the Hamilton High prom which allows Mary Lou herself to come back from the dead to make an unexpected appearance and really liven up the party ... <br /> <br /> With absolutely no connection to the original Prom Night (1980) and directed by Bruce Pittman I thought Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II was not a particularly good movie. Ron Oliver's script focuses more on supernatural elements than on cheap teen themes, whether that was a good or bad decision will depend on your expectations, I suppose. Personally, I discovered that these different elements did not gel or work so well together. The whole movie took a long time to be really enjoyable, after the opening sequence in which Mary Lou dies, no one else is killed until the half hour mark and then the movie drags on for another half hour until Vicki is finally possessed and the movie finally takes momentum to the climax where an evil Mary Lou kills a person at the prom before she is supposedly defeated, come horror movie fans you hoped that cliché 'murderer not dead and ready for the end of a string' not you ? Do not expect a high count, only five throughout the film and none particularly graphic, though I did enjoy the way Monica tried to hide in a bathroom that Mary Lou crushed and resulted in a poor Monica. blood streaming. The supernatural side of Hello Mary Lou: Dance Night II is portrayed by Vicki having many hallucinations for the first hour and Mary Lou controlling objects during the later stages, including a pair of scary scenes of a rocking horse coming to life, the The chalkboard scene is very nice as well as turns into water and zombie hands drag Vicki to it. The Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II slasher side is not great, I liked Mary Lou herself as she produces the mandatory one-liners and she made a good villain even though she could not kill enough people. Oh yeah, I got honors from several other horror movie directors, with almost all the characters sharing the same under one, that obviously adds nothing to the movie, but it's a little twist I suppose. The acting is good, but the normally trustworthy Michael Ironside seems lost and disinterested, almost as if he's wondering what he's doing and whether he's going back to work. Forget any blood, someone is hanged, there is a stabbing with a crucifix that happens off the screen, someone is impaled with a neon light, a computer goes crazy and electrocute someone's face (!?) & Mary Lou explodes in Vicki's body first as a rotten zombie that was a pretty cool scene. There are some pictures of frontal nudity in the female shower too, if that's what you like. To give a little credit Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II is OK to watch, has reasonable production figures and is generally well done. Overall, I was disappointed by Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II, it was very slow and finally monotonous to keep my interest for almost 100 minutes. I'm not sure if it deserves a rating of 3 or 4 stars, I'll give it a 4 as there is nothing wrong with this, I suppose and I've sat through much worse movies but it really did not do anything for I'm with fear.
