I just received the UK's 4 disc special edition of Superman 1 for about $ 5. Additional material includes the 1951 feature Superman and the Mole-Men. So I put it on the DVD player last night, and here are my discoveries. Some initial disappointment - I had not checked, and I think he had mentally marked as one of Kirk Alyn's serials. I'm not a big fan of George Reeves as Superman, and I had seen nothing but the odd clip of Kirk Alyn - but hey ho, it does not matter. <br /> <br /> This black and white production runs for less than an hour. It has the feel of a couple of episodes from one of Reeves's first TV shows, a two-part, together for the movie's release, though IMDb says it was filmed as a movie release before the first TV series. Either way, it's a strange choice for reasons that I'm going to come up with later. I'm from an age where I remember TV productions and movies that are limited to one or two venues and sets, so there were no big surprises here. Even so, for a low-budget movie, this is a very low budget. <br /> <br /> The story concerns the small town of Silsby - population of 1,430 inhabitants - which, surprisingly, also houses the world's deepest oil well (6 miles). The story begins with the foreman of the pit taking steps hastily to close the well. This conflicts with the arrival of Metropolis reporters Kent and Lane to report on the well at the request of the oil company. As Clark is sniffing the fact that the drill has emerged in a radioactive cave 6 miles below, a pair of strange little men (small in stature, big in the head, black in overalls and thick in the eyebrow) emerge from the capped And start walking around town with puzzled expressions on their faces. Breathing deep now, here is the remaining portion of the image. The little ones frighten some kids, so Jeff Corey (playing the rampant xenophobe of the city) urges some friends to kill these "creatures." Superman enters (moderately ineffective) and picks up one of the small ones who was shot and takes him to the local hospital. Corey's friends burn the shack where the other little guy hid and assume he's dead, but he escapes and goes down the well. Corey urges a crowd of lynchers (despite the sheriff to arrest him) to hang the hospitalized Mole-Man. The Superman prevents them from entering the hospital and takes the wounded chappie to the well to return it to his companions. A total of 4 Mole-Men come up with a weapon of some sort that they shoot at Jeff Corey (I call that Aargh! Weapon, because their only effect seems to be to make Corey be "Aargh!") And Superman saves him. He immediately changes his ways because of Superman's amazement saving him after the way he behaved, the mole-men come back down the well. The end. <br /> <br /> Despite the film being only an hour long, there is an excessive amount of crawling, caring and chasing - I left out all the "Mole-Man 1 creeps from A to B, looking out for themselves make sure no one is following him "stuff. The Mole-Men never get involved in any way - they do not have dialogue - they just appear, are persecuted and come back. They look a little scary, but they're hardly the big-eyed monsters that the city's reaction implies. <br /> <br /> Reeves is a good Clark Kent - a very uncompromising reporter, much more than Lois Lane quite indifferent to Phyllis Coates. But he is a terrible and terrible superman. He not only does not look like the role (at least his hair is tinged black in that, which is an improvement over the lighter hair he sported in some of the TV episodes), the way he plays it is all wrong in my book. I'm sure he was told to "do the pose" (which Superman does constantly), but someone should have told him that it should be fists on the hips, not fists on the ribs. And he plays Superman as a fairly rigorous and sensitive teacher - he does not really wag his finger at the complaint, but he may well have done it. <br /> <br /> And Superman does a tremendous amount of walking around (I say a huge amount - he's not really into it at all), and a bit of a run. It takes off and lands a few times, but is not seen in flight at any time. Ah, some bullets reflect on him and he uses telescopic vision as Clark, but without any visual effect. In fact, the visual effects are notorious for their absence, and the few that are present are not very good. <br /> <br /> I tried to consider this effort by reference to the standards of the time: but even by these standards, I think it is a very exhausting endeavor. Fortunately, the production standards in the TV series were bigger, and at least they bothered to create stories that had a little more to them. <br /> <br /> Something of disappointment - I would not be watching it again.
