A truly disturbed and cannibalistic psychopath, John (Gary Kent, under the pseudonym of Michael Brody), who lives in a cave, chases the campers who commit the unfortunate mistake of backpacking on the sly. Steve (Dean Russell) and his friend Charlie (John Batis) enter into an entertaining discussion with their wives, Sharon (Tomi Barrett, Gary Kent's real life wife) and Teddi (Ann Wilkinson) surviving in the woods camp by themselves . To prove a point, the girls decide to go to the Los Angeles desert for a camping trip disturbing their partners to the point where they soon follow. John's victim Teddi is soon dead as Sharon rushes into his life as the men arrive late into the desert due to the overheating of their truck. Scared, tired and paranoid, Sharon receives a very unusual help ... John's ghost kids! True, John's children remain in the wilderness, ghostly apparitions spying on those in the woods, having a special liking for Sharon, helping guide her to safety and her friends. Meanwhile, Steve and Charlie soon find shelter in a gloom and darkness of night in the cave where John lives. Cooking on fiery fire, boiling meat is actually Charlie's wife, Teddi! Unknowingly, Charlie eats the meat when offered by John, who finds the outsiders inside his abode! Anyway, soon, worried about the wives, Steve and Charlie decided to meet them as mornings. Meanwhile, John goes hunting, with Charlie, Steve and Sharon in a fight for survival. When Steve suffers a compound fracture stumbling between two massive stones over a flowing river, he will be harmed by just escalating an already nightmarish scenario, with Sharon following his young ghost friends for potential security ... they even, at one point, beg to their father not to kill her. Charlie, unfortunately, does not have these friends. <br /> <br /> Director Donald Jones (who also wrote and went bankrupt financing the film) shoots the film so dazzlingly and dazzlingly at Sequoia. National Park, California, where these gigantic trees rise to great heights, and I basically watch backwoods slashers for this purpose. For some strange reason, I did not find the direction of Jones's scenario too atmospheric. The dread was missing, although there are some rather disruptive attacks from John using his knife. (Shot in a clever way, Jones's camera suggests more than what's actually on the screen, but somehow still reaches that sigh with what John is doing with the victims). In such a picturesque landscape, to see innocents preyed on by a maniac, this raises terror. City people who try to spend a few days in a different place, to feel the fresh and clean air, enjoy the views of a beautiful view, only to be chased by a spooky predator with a very intimidating knife. Providing the story behind why John is the monster he is, Jones allows us to witness his memory flashback by discovering his wife's adultery and reacting accordingly (she is also a ghost in the wilderness looking for her children, wishing puni them by "being impertinent") killing her and the lover in bed (a refrigerator repairman). The children, sad and depressed, committed suicide and now "haunt" the desert, still interacting with their father or whoever they choose. I realize that such novelty as ghost kids in a serene slasher is unique and appreciated by some, but I found the idea somewhat artificial and foolish to take seriously. They help our heroine escape some potentially dangerous situations, but it was very difficult for me to avoid giggling uncontrollably. The music I found horribly from the 80's and the performances are not mind-boggling. I mean, I could react to the situation in which they were because it is really very scary to find themselves in unfamiliar and unfriendly territory being hunted by someone who knows the area as well. I think the movie is similar in many respects to NOT ENTERING THE WOODS..ALONE! Except that THE FOREST has the ghost sons mentioned above (... their voices echo when talking to Sharon or his father or to each other ). Gary Kent looks like a dirty George Lucas, with ragged clothes and lost humanity. As I mentioned above, the violence is not as horrible as the one suggested, because Director Jones is able to effectively cut a large amount of knife penetration, but the way he staged the pieces leave you somewhat disturbed (such as The Murder of Teddi, mostly silhouette violence on the surface of a huge stone formation nearby, his requests for John to stop and, once stabbed several times, try to drag himself away from his predator just to finish, a hanging corpse John is skinning) . I've seen better and worse from this kind of horror movie, it's pretty mediocre, at best, with some scenarios actually filmed. I do not think it's particularly memorable, except for ghost kids.
