I mean, of all obscure, neglected and low-budget horror movies that hope to be rediscovered in a DVD release, why choose THE FOREST? I love ultra low budget direct for home video or other alternative launch horror. I love the terror of the 80's hackers. I love backwoods slashers with fools wandering through the night to be chased, murdered and eaten by psychopaths. I'm in favor of the idea of ​​non-professionals working on a horror movie as a way to maybe get into the industry or just make a movie because they want to make one. I'm all for using public places found, non-actors, no talent known behind the camera and in the studio. NO PROBLEMS! The most evocative image of THE FOREST is the initial picture of a couple walking afar, through a forest to the woods: we see them as tiny, vulnerable creatures entering a dark, damp world where humans may not be the top of the most feared food chain or predator. So the movie takes a dip and never recovers - we briefly find the backpack couple when they realize they are being chased. They separate, both are massacred, and then we meet the protagonists of the movie while they drive their car in a traffic jam. They meet with their respective companions and decide to make a camp. Snoring sounds fill the room while people watching a movie tinker with their cell phones sending text messages to people who are not there telling how much the movie sucks. <br /> <br /> This movie is very slow, this movie is very annoying, and this movie is very talked about. Which would not be such a bad thing if the writers gave people something to say other than the stupidest, the most unnecessary, and the most unnecessary things. You know that your horror movie is in trouble when the character with the most interesting lines is the park-faced park ranger who warns everyone away from Cannibal Woods. And speaking of these "groves," they look as far from civilization as the wasteland filled with vegetation behind football fields, with only larger rocks and a stream flowing through it. There are stunning photos of the primitive forest, but there is no real sense of being in the middle of it. If any of the characters just sat on the trail and waited long enough, someone would pass. <br /> <br /> What is worse in the movie is that it does not generate any human interest: I do not know. who are these couples and do not care what happens to them. The Erasmian man is uninteresting, even pretending to have seen freshly cooked meat on the leg of one of his victims to serve terrible bites on his boyfriend, who has just sought shelter in his cave. The irony of that is the epitome of "below-expected". Along with a deliberately threatening synthesizer soundtrack, a cinematography that suspiciously looks like someone tied a camera to a dog and tracked people's movements, lack of sensitivity, nudity, emotions and unhealthy atmosphere, and what we have here is a movie of terror that is not as scary as a PBS educational TV show about how magnets work. <br /> <br /> I do not intend to "distribute" to the people behind this film as they obviously entered the project with almost nothing, did not strive to be creative and ended up with just one more annoying movie about a chasing larva women by the forest with a knife. There is nothing wrong with this concept, what is wrong is the unimaginative and completely pedestrian way that this has run, to the conclusion completely pointless when the movie simply melts in about 80 minutes. The best thing you can say about THE FOREST is that it is ending relatively quickly and there is not much to command a repeat of the selection - hence my confusion about why anyone would feel the need for a DVD release. It was good as a rarity of years of prism video rental, as a DVD will be $ 5.99 rack rate within a month of hitting the shelves. There is little or no urgency in watching the movie unless you are thinking of making your own low-budget hacker in a public park where no one can charge money for filming there. Here is a step guide to avoid doing. <br /> <br /> With everything he said and did, the film had an interesting sequence, or rather a sequence so pathetic and inept that it became a riddle in an otherwise dry and sectioned film: The madman arrives at home to find his wife in bed with the local contractor. He dispatches his beloved, arms himself with a kitchen knife that looks like it was made just to be used in a horror movie and takes off after the intruder. The guy sings and attacks his prey, who dodges and runs away, only to make the psycho materialize in his footsteps with a bigger and stronger weapon. The psycho attacks again, and the guy runs away. The psycho materializes again, and once again the guy runs away. Then again! Finally, on the fifth attempt, the psychopath stumbles in the face to fall into some sort of contraption. How did he continue to materialize armed with stronger weapons like these? Is there any supernatural element for this psychopath? Since the film never makes it clear anyway the scene is just an enigma, staged to build some tension. Its purpose is not yet clear. The whole film is just the same, existing without any need to be made and executed in a way so discouraging and uninteresting that one can not help but wonder what the meaning of this was. <br /> <br /> 3/10 and ample evidence that just because you can release a DVD movie does not necessarily mean you should.
