The title of this obscure and (almost justly) forgotten 1980s slasher inevitably reminds me of The Cure's mega-hit with the same title, hence a part of the lyrics in the title section of this reviewer's review. Besides, I had nothing more to say that was useful, anyway. But hey, "The Forest" is not totally hopeless and not even * that * bad, actually. If nothing else, at least obeys the first, admittedly unwritten rule of the 1980s: kill someone within the first 10 minutes of play. Of course you've heard about the basic premise of this movie a dozen times before, but do not let that discourage you from watching it, since "The Forest" has a few more things to offer than just a cover image appealingly sinister. In fact, it's a bit of an atypical 80's slasher! The main characters are not ordinary brainless teenagers and the script has solid ambitions for supernaturalism. The concept is not always successful, much less plausible, but it is more than interesting enough to hold your attention and there are still some surprisingly strong moments of tension and twists to have fun. Two couples decide to camp in the most isolated woods of California, but due to a stupid bet, the wives travel separately from their husbands. Badly set for the night, they receive mysterious visits from a mother looking for her two children, the children themselves, and finally the father who is hunting human flesh. The demented family may be real or imagined, but women are definitely in danger and, when their husbands arrive, they are gone. Men also find the family and find out more about the context of mild dysfunction. "The Forest" is a strange and unusual movie, to say the least. Not exactly a conspiratorial masterpiece, but the completely bizarre atmosphere will surely draw open-minded fans of the horror of the '80s. The murders are rather macabre and will be filmed, including a cut throat and a painful sawing massacre, and the Filming locations are beautiful. The more you contemplate the story and its abrupt twists, the less it makes sense, so my advice would be to just take advantage of this strange viewing experience while it lasts and not another minute. The performances are a little above average, the music is good and at least the director Donald Jones (also responsible for the 1970s "Schoolgirls in Chains") tried to be a bit more creative than most horror movies of the 80s. which in the end will fail.
