It is always difficult to have a brother doing better in your life than you, always a struggle to get out of that shadow and not let the bitterness away from your family. So imagine that your big brother is Santa Claus and then imagine how hard it must be. This is the premise here. <br /> <br /> Vince Vaughn plays the titleholder Fred, a bitter loser who spends a lot of his energy making sure people do not go around expecting good things to happen to them or giving to their brother, Santa Claus ( played by Paul Giamatti), too much praise for simply being a bit weird, hungry for fame, a little scary guy that Fred would like to portray him. So, you do not know, Fred needs a financial favor and has to make up for it by helping his brother in the run for Christmas. And hilarity and life lessons follow. <br /> <br /> Well, that's what should happen. The reality is that we have a Christmas movie featuring some good moments from Vaughn's patented video, a ridiculously out of nowhere video clip, Kevin Spacey making an auditor to close off Santa's operation (and he's one of the weaker thugs who I've seen it in quite some time), not enough of the beautiful Elizabeth Banks in a lush Christmas costume, lots of John Michael Higgins in his elf costume (to be fair, he's a standout) and a movie that's swimming too much in bitterness to feel like a good seasonal food but very schmaltzy in its second half to feel like a nudge in all the bad things about the commercialism of the time. Rachel Weisz is together for the ride too, as is Kathy Bates, but it's really nothing more than a movie for Vaughn and if you like his style, you'll find something to enjoy here. Unfortunately, there is very little to recommend this seasonal stinker. Other than Vaughn's complaints, the script hardly does anything decent, except for a particularly good scene involving a hilarious support group that deals with a very specific problem. <br /> <br /> David Dobkin's direction is as mediocre and serious as 20p. Christmas card you send the aunt you have not seen in 10 years and it seems to think that simply putting the ingredients together without a good mix or decent care will ensure a delicious Christmas pudding. No, we have a burnt and unsightly piece with a lot of sugar on top. Forget that and stick the hilarious elf again if you want a great, modern Christmas comedy. <br /> <br /> See this if you like: Santa Claus 2, Santa Claus, Santa Claus 3: The escape clause.
