Painfully bad Christmas movie that has an equally painfully bad performance by Vince Vaughn, who is paying his own usual frat boy, but this time for a children's movie, but without the wit or charm that is in his R rated movies. Vaughn seems to be on autopilot, though most of the movie and he continues to run on walls with his lackluster performance. After 30 minutes in the movie, you would get in touch with your inner scourge and say "Bahumbag" with how bland this movie is and after another 30 minutes, you will want to leave about how unbearable the film was during that point. Of all the actors involved in this mess, only Paul Giamatti and Rachel Weisz bring a bit of life to fine roles and this is manly because they are both too good actors in this movie. Paul Giamatti brings a bit of depth and affection to the character of Saint Nick, but he is forced to the level of youthful behavior of Vaughn when they are making their sad fights between brothers. You can see in Giamatti's face that he is not amused by his role and painfully shows in certain parts of the movie. Rachel Weisz brings a sense of fun and spirit to her role but she really does not have much of a character to work on and you can see in her face that she is well aware of this, so much so that she seems annoyed at certain parts of the movie. Fortunately for her, she is not in the movie much and is able to save some face, unlike Giamatti, who seems to be about to fire her agent until the end of the movie. The direction also seems uninspiring as if there was no feeling or flow to be had and this is a holiday movie but it ends up looking like you are just looking at a widow's canvas being demolished. <br /> <br /> I do not know what went wrong here, but with only two actors involved (Giamatti and Weisz) trying to at least bring something to the table with a dull script that they had to work, irregular direction without feeling the subject matter (and this is a Christmas movie of all things) and an actor who simply does not care about his performance (Vaughn), you have a very bad movie that is very painful to watch.
