A low-budget, unpredictable and unfunny budget sketch of a science-fiction formula we've seen hundreds of times before - a group of scientists in isolation confronting something alien, unknown, and everywhere (surprise, surprise) Antarctica! <br /> <br /> The film features James Spader and an almost unnamed supporting cast (with the exception of Carl Lewis, who is not really that bad for a non-actor) - who feature performances that do little to invigorate the script's unimaginative dialogue. To make matters worse, the film's tempo is slow, there are almost no subplots, and the few action sequences are stereotyped and not as exciting. Its a little wonder that this thing went directly to DVD. What is wonderful is why Spader - an excellent actor at times, who won the Best Actor award in Cannes for 'Sex, Lies and Videotape', and did a splendid job on the groundbreaking science fiction film 'Stargate' - chose get into this dull design. Or maybe not if you look at his career as it seems that he has invested his talents in more mistakes than successes. The most remarkable thing about 'Alien Hunter' is how they managed to cram many elements of so many great science fiction films, and yet the thing becomes so apathetic and artificial. There are huge chunks borrowed from "The Thing" (original Howard Hawks and excellent 1982 remake of John Carpenter), "Contact" and "Outbreak"; some tips from 'Alien', 'CE3K', 'The Andromeda Strain', 'Kubrick's' 2001' (ie 'alien black box') and 'Mission To Mars' (ie mysterious message); and even a small hint of "Sneakers" and "A Remarkable Mind" (although they are not science fiction films, they share a "cryptological" connection). Hell, there are even cornfields and Antarctica, as well as the recent 'X Files Movie'. And the luminous translucent spaceship at the end looks exactly like something that was ripped from an outtake of 'The Abyss'. <br /> <br /> All this has been done before and done a lot better, although I admit there were some slight surprises in the end. I could talk a bit more about the plot, but there is absolutely no need. You already know more than half of this movie without ever seeing it. (5 out of 10)
