Recap: Something mysteriously dense that transmits radio signals is discovered in the Antarctic ice. The mysterious block is excavated and taken to a research station in Antarctica. Julian Rome, a former SETI-worker, is brought in to decipher the message. The problem is that one of the researchers is an old girlfriend of his, and the situation quickly becomes strange, especially since the other researchers practically threw themselves at him. And the ice pack with the thing inside is melting abnormally quickly. Soon the object is open. The mystery continues as the object generates an enormous amount of electricity. He decides to open the object, but shortly before that, Julian decodes the signal. "Do not open". But too late, and the object explodes when it is finally violated, and two things break loose on Earth. The first is an alien that was asleep in the object and the other is a virus that instantly kills the research team. And Washington, who is suspiciously up-to-date about this historic event, decides that these things can not be loosed on earth. Thus, a Russian nuclear submarine, carrying nuclear weapons, is sent to Antarctica. <br /> <br /> Comments: The movie brings some surprises. One is Carl Lewis, who surprisingly puts on a good acting performance, and the other is that special effects that are beautiful, well crafted and much better than expected. Unfortunately, the story brings many surprises of its own, and this time not in a good way. In fact, it is so full of holes that sometimes the movies seem to consist of almost randomly connected scenes. It is never really explained why Washington knows so much, because Washington is able to command Russian submarines, because the object is in Antarctica and has woken up now. It's really intriguing that the alien pod is broadcasting in understandable English. Some may want to explain this with the fact that the alien has been to Earth before and knew the language (and obviously chose English, why?). But then it's very confusing because the aliens who apparently want to save Earth from the virus, send their message "Do not Open" coded! And finally the end is as open as an end can be. <br /> <br /> The movie is a bit of fun, but a lot of energy (from me) must be diverted to fill the empty spaces in the plot. Therefore, the overall impression of the film is not very good. <br /> <br /> 3/10
