Okay, here it is: "Nazi mountaineer befriends the Dalai Lama." What we do is first to get a big star with no idea how to make a Germanic accent, and let him get in between French, German, American and British for more than two hours. So we come up with a series of highly improbable events and we separate them widely, so the plot is barely perceptible. But just to make sure the viewer does not fall asleep, we present details that are absurdly shocking, like our hero smoking a cigarette at an altitude of 22,000 feet. Of course, we must also remember that our target audience does not want to read many legends, so we have all the characters, even the humblest peasants in the forbidden city of Lhasa in 1943 who speak perfect English, also in dubious accents. Of course, the trickiest part is how to deal with the spiritual and political aspects of the story, so what we do is this: we have the Dalai Lama to make friends with the now reformed Nazis because the latter is so good at fiddling with projectors movies, radios, old cars and any other devices that represent the freedom of the capitalist West. In return, our hero learns from his young protégé a kind of vague and indefinite Buddhism that is never really brought or dealt with in any serious way. We also have many scenes with the hero bearing all the respect and protocol that the rest of Tibetan society gives to the Dalai Lama even when we pretend that the hero has deep and deep respect for these people and their spiritual leader. In other words, we expect the public to believe that this guy is now a Buddhist, in his own way, even if we do not seem to know what his transformation entails or how far we want to go. And last but not least, we hung a statistic at the end of the film about how much the Chinese treated the Tibetans in an amazing way (which is certainly true), opening us up to accusations that we made a "political" movie, though it's nothing of the sort. So the idea is mine. Vat you zink? Can you make the movie zis?
