And perhaps, as Fred Sandford used to say, "one of the lips." That's for those who have cast this movie in an unsuspecting audience. And maybe for the person in "Rue Morgue" who called it "Fender Hellbender" and said it was good. <br /> <br /> Five girls, seemingly taking a shortcut home from a football game, lose themselves and stop for instructions at some small shop in the middle of nowhere. While there the driver accidentally crashes into a parked SUV and hits a headlight, but all the girls decide to simply go out and not go find the driver. But the driver comes to meet them, and it is not only because the beacon of her vehicle has been erased, it is for another reason that the girls still do not understand. When the driver first picks them up, she (yes, she is) brandishes a shotgun and makes them undress, and keeps shouting at them: "how much did you see?". Of course the girls are scared to death and do not know what she's talking about. As the night goes on, the girls end up in a cat-and-mouse game with the SUV driver, who manages to inflict all kinds of injuries on the girls, who are remarkably resistant to explosions of firearms and screwdrivers where they did not want them. Eventually, they find out that something happened in that store after they left, and that's the reason for this woman's psychotic rage. And eventually they have a chance to take revenge and take him wherever they can. <br /> <br /> There are elements of this film that are quite disturbing and scary, but unfortunately, those moments are hampered by bad acting. , bad dialogue and enormous lapses of credibility. A girl is struck by a firearm and seems to be mortally wounded, and she is cold, her life is passing before her eyes, but has she improved? And how far can a mini van work in an almost empty gas tank at a speed of 80 miles per hour? I need one of these things, it looks like it has a lot of mileage. There should have been an ending when the girls got their revenge, but the movie continues a little after that, which is an anti-crime. climax, but they at least learn a little of what the woman has put in, and the driver is still worried about "messing with his mother's van," which is obviously the least of anyone's concerns. <br /> <br /> It's the worst movie I've ever seen but it's very amateurish to be good and yet a little scary and awful at times to be utterly awful. But take the cake by lots of strident hysterics and you'll want to put two in your ears if you watch it. Which, by the way, I do not necessarily recommend. 4 out of 10.
