Five Across the Eyes begins when five young teenagers are driving home in time for curfew, stop at a store and accidentally hit another car and decide to simply leave and leave it. Soon after the other car forces them to stop and a crazy woman with a shotgun comes out and yells at them, she makes them take off their clothes and pee on them and then randomly leave. Shaken and shocked, the girls think the ordeal is over, but the crazy woman comes back for a few seconds while she seems to want to kill the terrified girls who are lost and have little gas ... <br /> <br /> Produced and directed by Greg Swinson & Ryan Theissen with Swinson writing the thing & Theissen responsible for cinematography and editing I have to say that Five Across the Eyes is easily one of the worst movies I've ever seen, if not the worst, I mean I'm fighting for think of a movie I've seen that's worse. Now, let me start by saying that I am sure many of the decisions taken here have been deliberate to try to provoke atmosphere, tension, realism and suspense, but there is not an aspect of Five Across the Eyes that I did not. I hate being honest, it sounds like a bad home video that was put on YouTube and even then it's still a little embarrassing and a frankly useless waste of 90 odd minutes of my time I could have done something more fun and fun like pulling my nails with a pliers. The comments on the web look quite positive, but in IMDb (the amount of 1-star comments is revealing and they can not all be wrong, right?) And it's the message board that I think is a lot more an indicator than the One person thinks it's absolutely destroyed by almost everyone and the phrase "the worst movie I've ever seen" is used a few times and to be fair most of those negative comments mention the same things and I have to agree with them. The story is terrible, right, I suspect it's supposed to be minimalist, but is this minimal? There is never any reason or explanation for the events that happen and this seems totally random. It continues for a long time, the amount of plot here would have difficulty filling a thirty minute done for the television program to leave a full length feature. The dialogue is horrible with those boring girls who do not seem to have a brain cell between them taking random things and screaming a lot. Oh God, the screams, there are seemingly endless scenes of these girls screaming or crying or whining, which not only irritates and irritates but also prevents any healthy spectator from feeling any kind of sympathy for them, which they try to say almost impossible to listen. So there's the real killer, the whole movie is set & shot within the limits of a mini van, seriously the camera never leaves this car and as you can imagine, it gets really annoying, it adds that the low count of only one person is dead screen & Five Across the Eyes is a movie that I hated with a passion. <br /> <br /> On a technical level, again I can see that the style of making movies here was a deliberate choice, but I have to be honest again & say Five Across the Eyes is the most beautiful film I've ever seen . As a movie fan, I like my movies to look like proper movies because it's a visual medium and I definitely do not want them to look worse than ordinary YouTube video or my home movies shot on a camcorder while I was drunk. It really does look amateurish and bad, it's a complete irritation and I hated every moment of every second of it. Just think that The Blair Witch Project (1999) only ten times worse looks and you will be almost there. There are moments in Five Across the Eyes when you literally can not tell what is going on or happening because of camera work and almost black and grainy contrast levels. The violence is meek also with a few bloodstains and a stabbing in the end. <br /> <br /> The low budget does not even begin to describe Five Across the Eyes, with a supposed budget of about $ 4,000. one of the films with the lowest budget ever given a wide release. The two vans of the film were owned by members of the production and basically basically the entire budget, the sites. The acting is too bad for the main cast, I hated all the fake crying and screaming that it did not convince anything but it annoyed immensely. <br /> <br /> Five Through The Eyes will fall as one. of the worst movies I've ever seen and I've seen some movies, whenever someone asks me what the worst movie I've ever seen, Five Across the Eyes will definitely be mentioned. I hated it, every aspect and miserable moment of it.
