I'm stunned. Yes it's right. I'm really stuck here. No way did I find this horrible, but on the other hand it was a frustrating experience in a grim and hysterical macabre incoherence. The idea behind such a minimalist and low budget Indie production is not bad, but it's a confusing mess and in the end it did nothing for me. It is amateur and simple; he wants to explore beyond reasoning and do so in the late-style fashion shoot. We have the documentary tethered (hand-held) camera moving everywhere (though never getting out of the van), and sometimes feeling unfocused and unfocused, making certain details difficult to figure out. Lately you get used to it, but there are times when it becomes very upsetting and even nauseating. Keeping it will still help. The context has few bases (which has five teenagers on their way home from a late night football game and get lost on the back roads. At a roadside shop they get involved in a small crash that crunches an unoccupied SUV headlamp. In fear, they flee and not for long for a light SUV to appear behind them, soon to make their night an unforgettable ordeal in terror - spending most of the time playing a prolonged, noisy, ruthless cat-and-mouse game. <br /> <br /> Some moments can make you squirm with your attention to insanity, despair and brutality (with good use of piercing sound effects that seem to be most favored over the images and not forgetting the alienating background sound effects), but I also found myself laughing as well.In passages, it can be repellent and intense with a real and gradual, but hardly believable, race. random sounds never seem as serious as if you believed, though they obviously should. Watch how the blood runs freely, but it is not totally convincing and can get boring. The constant night chase of cars could only do so much before it became repetitive. We kept screaming, vomiting, bleeding, running, cursing, bodily fluids, and so on. Unpleasant details followed as well. With little to do, he needed a script much stronger than the insignificant one that was forced. Many hard times arose from him, and there was not much depth to the characters and situation they were in. It was about standing pieces, waiting for the next torturing meeting and drew it long enough. To help is to have an unpredictable pattern. <br /> <br /> The performances; Jennifer Barnett, Angela Brunda, Danielle Lilley, Sandra Paduch and Mia Yi are hardworking with their distracted characters and design an authentic chemistry to compensate for the script's weaknesses in its character foundation. The intensity of Veronica Garcia, bug-eyed as the wacky SUV driver was something ?? Yes, something. The real motivation of his character to terrify the girls and their unstable state of mind is practically nonexistent. I think being psycho was good enough. Now, probably the most disconcerting thing I found in the movie was that horrible soundtrack. Horrible techno music, hard-rock tacky and an overwrought final score. He never seemed overdone or embarrassed, but stood out like a sore thumb. Co-directors Greg Swinson and Ryan Thiessen are trying to get the most out of their little features, but even with a fierce spirit this turns out to be quite disorganized. Maybe it was nice to do, but watching was not the case.
