Watching TRUTH ABOUT LOVE (is it a double sense about the star?) It's like turning on white noise or fabricated water sounds to help you sleep - you put it in the DVD slot because there's nothing else on the store shelves and you is in need of distraction after a busy day. And it works for that with this purpose: being a British romantic comedy is a bit more. <br /> <br /> The story is fairly simple about a wife Alice (Jennifer Love Hewitt) married to a husband more and more distant. Sam (Jimi Mistry), who put his love life on hold because of the burdens of his busy law practice. His partner Archie (Dougray Scott) likes Sam and Alice, but has a long-time lure for Alice that goes beyond friendship. Alice friends with her sister Felicity (Kate Miles), a free love advocate who encourages Alice to have affairs. On Valentine's Day, after a bout with her sister, Alice sends a card to Sam signing 'Anonymous' as a test to see if Sam responds by testing his allegiance. At the same time, Archie sends a package of radish seeds to Alice, in which he wrote a suggestive love. Both have ex post facto regrets. Sam, in fact, is spending time with a Katya lover (Branka Katic) and is actually cheating on Alice. Alice arranges assignments with Sam via e-mail and phone calls and plans to find Sam disguised as "Anonymous" to test his allegiance. The entire cast of characters is caught in the silly charade and the ending proves that true love must be based on the truth - and how that results in the various pairs is the surprise (of the type) of the cute script. <br /> <British comedies work because of the quality of writing and the quality of acting. Perhaps director John Hay has chosen to scale a British actress like Alice instead of casting a false accent on Jennifer Love Hewitt, the result may have been improved. But in the end this story of Peter Bloore jumps between humor slightly humorous and pathetic in his messages. A terrible distraction is a musical score that is consistently so loud that it covers all the dialogue and is intrusive. There are some nice scenes from London and a few moments of acceptable humor, but in the end this little movie is actually best used as background / white noise music. Grady Harp
