The story goes something like this: Katie (Jessica Simpson), a small-town girl, decides to visit her boyfriend in the big city. When she arrives, she discovers that he is not as faithful as he should be. Katie then ends up venturing into the adventure that is New York. Filling in as messenger of bike comedy and charming mishaps follows. She falls into a hole in the ground and thus finds the charismatic good-looking Ben (Luke Wilson). It is not love at first sight, at least for her, but fate and Ben will not give up so easily. Being "just" a small-town girl And the blonde of a couple of evil executives in a construction company decides she's the perfect scapegoat for her cunning plan. Disagreements with hilarious and sad consequences follow. However, this is a blonde who will not let her down! <br /> <br /> People who judge this movie will soon be wrong. The jokes are confident and appropriate, and the story is well developed. The relationship between Katie and Ben seems so natural that it puts anything Godard has created to embarrass. The multi-talented Jessica Simpson once again surprises with a strong role that only she could achieve. Simpson is really the Marilyn Monroe of our day (there's even a scene to honor!). It balances perfectly between vulnerable and extravagant. Katie really shows us that you can not judge a book by the cover! Luke Wilson is as charming as ever. Even if he was covered in manure, the man would be as handsome as anyone. Its light touch, dog's eyes and relaxed moods hinder resistance. Andy Dick plays the role he was born to play, one of two evil executives. It really can not be underestimated. The strength of performance lies in its containment. It's remarkable because most of the actors just get away with it and play it to laugh cheaply. Not this guy! In conclusion, director Scott Marshall has created a clever and often hilarious comedy that is destined to become a classic alongside movie masterpieces like Epic Movie and Norbit. Lots of compliments to everyone involved in this, especially Jessica Simpson. His sincere smile and sincere laughter would make even the toughest man come out in a big smile. You may be difficult but you're not that difficult! Warmly recommended to all those who want to be swept away and see a romantic comedy that, for once, feels honest. Thanks for this movie! Oh, and the soundtrack rocks! <br /> <br /> Now, if you still can not. I'm being sarcastic. 1/10
