It is a common practice for a repression film to be somewhat muted in style and tone. There is a difference, however, between using restraint and encouraging narcolepsy among audience members. In "The Secret Life of Dentists," starring Campbell Scott and Hope Davis, director Alan Rudolph plays as close to the vest as possible, with the result being a film that never goes far beyond a rumination about how teeth are a metaphor for married life. <br /> <br /> Scott gives a great performance in the role of David Hurst, a dentist married to another dentist (Davis). Rudolph quickly establishes the dynamics of his relationship - he is completely engrossed in the daily duties of being paternity, he is silently disillusioned with his frantic family life - and then the tension increases when Scott can or can not witness his wife with another man. From this point on, the film focuses on whether or not David will confront his wife Dana about her possible adultery, or whether she will beat him and let him for good. From time to time, David is treated to visits from an imaginary "friend" in the form of a former patient played by Denis Leary (borrowed heavily from Tyler Durden's Brad Pitt in "Fight Club"). <br /> <br /> Although there is enough uncertainty about Dana's infidelity and David's instability in justifying the examination, the last two-thirds of the film are embarrassingly void of theme or narrative. Instead, Rudolph creates drama of an unpleasant fever that travels slowly through the Hurst family, culminating in a useless hospital visit at the climax of the film. The film never captures the clues about what David really is capable of if he were not so devoted to his family; nor does she spend much time looking at Dana's precarious balance between her family life and her other more satisfying ambitions. <br /> <br /> In choosing to spend most of the film worrying about the fever that went wrong, Rudolph kills the moment of his film. By the time the fifth member of the family appears sweating and sick, the film has exhausted all the good graces of Scott's well-measured performance. David and Dana end up remaking their steps over and over again until a final less than cathartic. With nothing to build in the last hour, the conclusion seems clumsy and corrected. "The secret life of dentists" has a common theme and does nothing to improve. All in all, a disappointing and unimaginative movie.
