Yeh, I know - you're shaking with emotion. Well, * The Secret Life of Dentists * will not upset your expectations: it is solidly made, but essentially unimaginative, true but dull. This is the story of a couple who happens to be a dentist and share the same practice (a recipe for problems: if it were not for our separate professional lives, we would all leave our wives out of sheer irritation). Campbell Scott, whose mustache and behavior does not remember Everyman as much as Ned Flanders of The Simpsons, is the gentle, super-daddy husband, and Hope Davis is the bored housewife who channels her frustrations to the amateur opera . One night as Dad and his daughters watch one of Davis' performances, he discovers that his wife is channeling her frustrations for something more than just singing: he witnesses his wife kissing and flirting with the opera director. (A nice touch: we never see the opera director's face.) Fearing the prospect of instituting the process for the divorce and custody hearings - profitable for lawyers alone - Scott decides to fake ignorance of his wife's indiscretions. Already the literate ones among you begin to yawn: ho-hum, another story about the Pathetic, Sniveling Little Cuckold. But Rudolph, who took the story from a Jane Smiley novel, hopes that the well-being of the material will be offset by a series of flashy and postmodern touches. For example, one of Scott's belligerent patients (Denis Leary, relatively maintained - and blessedly - under control) will later become a sort of construct of the dentist's imagination, emerging as a Devil-on-the-shoulder advocate for the elderly . male virtues formed ("Dump the b --- h!", etc.). When not stimulated by his imaginary new friend, Scott is plagued by fantasies that include his wife engaged in a three-way with two of the male dental assistants working on her practice. It's not going too far to say that this movie is * Eyes Wide Shut * for real people (or adults, at least). Along those lines, Campbell Scott and Hope Davis are certainly recognizable humans compared to the glamorous couple of Cruise and Kidman. In addition, the script for * Secret Lives * is clearly more relevant than Kubrick's. As proof, I offer the representation of the children of dentists, especially the youngest, about 3 or 4 years old, and whose main expression is "Daddy! Daddy! Daddy! Daddy! Daddy! Daddy !!!" This is Family Life, right, with all its charms. <br /> <br /> The film would also make an interesting double project with Kramer vs. Kramer. Kramer *. One can easily trace the Feminization of the American Man from 1979 to 2003. In that film, Dad is the housewife as in Kramer, but he is in no way disturbed by the domestic role, unlike Dustin Hoffman, who was too manly to make toast. Here, Scott takes on all the tasks, such as cleaning children's vomit, cooking, cleaning, taking children for anything after out-of-school activities are on the agenda. And all without complaining. (And no direction comments. It 's just a given). <br /> <br /> The film has virtues, mainly related to verisimilitude. However, he is drawn down from the greatness by his insistence on fashion distractions, which culminate in a long scene in which a horrible five-day stomach flu makes the round in the house. We must endure meaningless fantasy sequences, begun by the imaginary leader Leary. Whose existence, by the way, is finally reminiscent of Brad Pitt's character in The Fight Club. And that ultimately leads to another major flaw in the film: lack of originality. In this review, I realize that it was very easy to refer to many other films. Granted, this movie is an improvement on most of them, but still. * The Secret Life of Dentists * is worth seeing, but do not get too excited about it. (Not that you were so excited, I guess.)
