Apparently, none of the previous reviewers, most of whom praise the film for its accuracy, read a biography of Louis Pasteur. The most blatant inaccuracy lies in the relationship between Pasteur and Napoleon III. In the 1930s, the latter was invariably shown in a bad light. Although far from being an admirable character - he was an inept politician and a self-appointed "military genius" who allowed France to be drawn into a disastrous war, he was not the stupid reactionary pictured here. He had a keen interest in science, and like many other people in the 19th century saw a bright future because of the improvements that would bring. Far from exiling Pasteur, he was her patron, building her a laboratory and providing her with all the resources. While it was under construction, Pasteur became seriously ill. A bureaucrat, deciding that it was a waste of money to build a laboratory for someone who would soon be dead, ordered the work to be suspended by his own authority. the emperor learned of this, his indignation shook the bureaucracy so that there would be a flood of work and the work soon resumed. The emperor personally visited Pasteur to console him and assure him that he would obtain his laboratory. The emperor used to take members of his court to admire Pasteur's designs, and it was obvious to everyone that Pasteur was a favorite of the emperor. Pasteur's main concern with the emperor was that Napoleon thought that Pasteur was practically a mirac. The worker could do almost anything, and was constantly assigning him tasks outside of his previous experience. Pasteur, a very modest man, was always protesting against this, but Napoleon would say that he had complete faith in him, and Pasteur despite his doubts, always came. They always had a close and friendly relationship, and after the Emperor was overthrown, Pasteur refused to say a bad word about him, grateful to the end of his life. <br /> <br /> The part about his daughter having the baby, and Pasteur sacrificing his principles to get a doctor, never happened. The part about anthrax and anger, for which he was famous, is generally correct, but the notion that the experience of anthrax lifted him from obscurity to fame is false. He was famous and respected by the time this happened. film is well from the dramatic point of view, but very distorted as biography.
