I saw Chan Is Missing when she first left, about four years after moving from San Francisco to New York. Maybe it was the prospect of a few years, but this movie seemed to capture the essence of the city and its people better than anything else I have ever seen (still exists). It focuses on a particular community - the Chinese - but that's okay, because much of the city's soul is refracted through the scenes, the faces, and perhaps above all the voices of the characters. <br /> <br /> It's not the San Francisco of tourists. The settings are humble and quotidian: a taxi, the kitchen of a Chinese restaurant, Richmond's terraced houses, small apartments in Chinatown and small business offices, the wharves, a Filipino senior center. This is what the city feels and feels every day to the people who live there - even now, in the era of the urban redevelopment of Silicon Gulch. On the contrary, let's say, Dirty Harry (in his own way, an excellent San Francisco movie too), everything is filmed at street level: we come to understand the views of the characters from the perspective the surroundings give them, not some vertiginous extravagant photograph. <br /> <br /> Wang apparently filmed on B & B because he did not have the money to do otherwise, but one of the strongest visual elements in the film is the natural light that it strikes. The quality of sunlight, often hard and penetrating, is one of my closest associations with San Francisco: it seems to expose everything, bringing the buildings, the hills, the other points of scale and, in a funny way, . on the streets seem more individual and potentially closer to you than anywhere else. Wang's photography conveys this perfectly, and even helps the story at some points. <br /> <br /> Wang captures the speeches and conversational style of the Chinese and other San Franciscans, better than anyone, I think. If there's anything like a true San Francisco accent, it's what you hear of the taxi locket medallion (I think) that pops up talking on the phone in a scene (listen to the way he calls the person on the other side). already dingaling! "). History is poignant and, despite a few minor mistakes, points well to the yearnings that draw the hearts of people living in former immigrant communities - including justified political and ethnic resentments, and little ironic amusements that help feed them.All this is communicated delicately - perhaps because some respondents think the film snakes.It is not enough to say that the search for the two taxi drivers by Chan becomes a search for something more personal. <br /> <br /> Chan Is Missing ends with a Chinatown travel sequence backed up by a silly new song from the 1930s (I think) about San Francisco and all its crazy diversity. , yes, but somehow also not totally off target.
