Hayden Christianson and Jessica Alba, two of my least favorite actors of this century, join in what is arguably the simplest attempt to remake the already terrible The Butterfly Effect. Awake is so monotonous and so uninteresting that you would be better asleep. Terrance Howard still recovering from the diabolical August Rush makes a decent fight as the sadistic doctor who seems determined to kill Christianson and after seeing his performance I would be happy to help him. <br /> Alba, still recovering after the Fantastic Four. Rise of the silver surfer. It is naturally disastrous and just as unassailable as it always was. Only once was she brilliant, she was in the safe hands of Master Robert Rodriguez in Sin City. It could be possible that Jessica Alba is not as poor at acting as most credit her and it is possibly that her acting skills are being slashed by a poor script. If so, then that would explain Awake. With a script that would shame the plane 9 of outer space. Jessica Alba, Hayden Christenson and Terrence Howard star in the psychological thriller of Jerry Joby Harold, theatrical director and first-time writer, about a man who experiences the frighteningly common surgical phenomenon known as "aesthetic awareness," in which those on the operating table remain well aware of what is happening around them, even though they remain completely paralyzed and unable to call for help. When a successful young man (Christenson) goes to the knife and realizes that the anesthesia has not yet done his job, the horror quickly settles when his concerned wife (Alba) waits anxiously and a terrifying drama unfolds in the operating room. <br /> <br /> In the hope of making for the operating desks what the Final Destination did for the airplanes, this first effort by director Joby Harold revolves around a concept of blood glaze. The sequence of pre-credits tells us that one in 700 people suffers from a phenomenon known as "anesthetic awareness," in which the patient remains conscious but paralyzed during surgery. One such unfortunate individual is Clayton Beresford Jr. (Hayden Christensen), who is awake during a heart transplant ... and he can feel every bit of it. Intermittently inventive as he probed his tortured psyche, Awake fails to inject true terror into his new premise. Spiraling from chilling simplicity into absurd conspiracy, it is hampered by affected turns of Christensen and Jessica Alba. Would you wish you had put on a sedative before watching? <br /> <br /> VERDICT: Agreed is at best extremely non-demanding. A jerk-free film that undoubtedly looked better on paper. Like a movie, although it is very generic and extremely derivative. Awake fails to inject terror into his new premise. The end result is really very bad. Alba and Christian are the least of their concerns, because the main flaw of the film lies in its inability to scare the public. Awake is a movie that you will probably sleep in.
