What an unfortunate mess is "Shiner." I wanted to like this aspiring anti-film, and in fact I found a number of moments with powerful resonance. Unfortunately, these moments are few and far between. While I appreciate a little of what Calson was trying, any edge sucked into a skeleton, no budgeting filmmaking was destroyed with a truly heinous issue that benefited the film in nothing. <br /> <br /> Although poor performance abounds in low budget (and big budget) cinema, Shiner has some remarkably bad performances that are almost painful to watch. In particular, the couple "straight" Linda and Young Guy. These are the two most poorly written characters that offer almost nothing to the story. The acting is so abysmal and none of the actors seems able to resist smiling or laughing when they lose their lines with a terrible lack of skill. The unstable edition almost gives the impression that these roles were entirely free and were released to prevent the films being stereotyped as an eccentric gay movie. It would have been better that way. <br /> <br /> With all that is wrong, there are several performances that seem to capture what Calson hoped to achieve. In particular, the story centered on Bob and Tim. These are the two most richly designed characters and offer more rewards with genuinely catchy performances by Nicholas T. King (Bob) and David Zelinas (Tim). Tim is a boxer with some serious problems. Remarkably low self-esteem is disguised by an almost cartoon like the arrogance he uses as armor. Obsessed by Tim, Bob, seemingly harmless, but ultimately chilling, chases the boxer in the classic cat-and-mouse fashion. When the tables are turned and the hunter becomes the hunted, resulting in the only genuine emotional catharsis of the film. In a film so artificially rigid (a compliment), a character MUST have this revealing break (or collapse, as the case proves here) and the final confrontation between Bob and Tim give Zelins and King the opportunity to show some real chops. As portrayed by Scott Stepp and Derris Nile, Tony and Danny seem to be the focus of the film, and despite a few moments of bravery themselves (including a truly disturbing scene revealing the obsession with sex / violence). ) but they do not seem to escape an artifice and it's hard to look at - or beyond the apparent symphony of a note and find something beyond the obvious. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, this same raw material could (and should) be used to tell this story in a better way. Unfortunately, there is not much to recommend yet, the performances of Mr. King and Zelinas really offer something special and a glimpse of what could have been and ultimately worth seeing.
