-SPOILES- Southern lick of the frontier adventure film that has something to do with the blackmail of a large cooperate executive Rosenlski the president of Unasco Inc. over the beachcomber lamb David Ziegler who is living the life of Reilly, or Ziegler, in his home beach in Cancun, Mexico. Having this CD, which he gave to his brother James, who has three years of telephone conversations between Rosenlski and the President of the United States engaged in criminal business. This CD gave David an advantage over the international mafiosi behind him. <br /> <br /> The fact that James gained a little greed by trying to shake Rosenlski for $ 2 million in diamonds not only cost him his life but also put David at risk of losing his. Ropsenlski wants to negotiate with David the CD asking ex-wife Liz to talk to him about giving up, Rosnelski made a deal to pay her debts if she shows up. David is later killed by Tony, the Mexican spy man from Rosenliski, with the help of a great white shark, who simply does not accept all these peaceful deals from his boss. Tony took the CD that Liz left for his boss at a local safe hotel and now wants to kill James, as he did with David, and at the same time keep the CD to have something about Rosenlski. <br /> <br /> David who secretly hid the diamonds that James had on him at the time of his murder is now the target of Tony and his men to shut him up forever. David also wants to take the diamonds and at the same time give his boss Rosenlski the impression that the CD that David had is missing, but use it later, without Rosenlski knowing who is behind, to blackmail him. <br /> <br /> The film "The Night of the Sharks" has a series of shark attacks with this huge white one-eye shark that knocks out about half a dozen cast members, including Tony. David, who firmly believes in gun control, uses explosive knives and Molotov cocktails, as well as fists, to eliminate all of Tony's crew. Even the killer shark is killed by Tony, but with a hunting knife, not a gun. When it came to using firearms to save his friend and helper Paco, a girlfriend, Juanita, and his priest, Father Mattia, lived with Tony and his gang weapons were a no-no with David; he was more a knife and a spear man, then anything else. The finale of the film was as predictable as you can do with David, who is believed to have been killed by the one-eye shark later, appears after Rosenlski is convinced he is dead and leaves the village. David continues his life as a free and loving beachcomber with no one looking to kill him and about two million richer dollars. For David's credit, he asked his friend Paco to give Rosenski his CD, but under the conditions that if anything happened to him, his cousin, who Rosenlski does not know who and where he is, will shoot his mouth and let the whole world know about their filthy and criminal relationships.
