So, did this really happen? Are we as adults responsible for the lack of cinematic understanding and celluloid capability of the next generation of movie goers? In relation to the last addition of Wayans and Co. to the scene of moving images; Little man. This UK P.G. (Parent Orientation), anyone under the age of twelve should be accompanied by a responsible adult, a certified film, is the epitome of what has now become the worst case of dalliance since cigarettes have been "erased" icons of movies of the 1950s. The public predominantly below the age of twelve, who, without oversight also grown, sat obediently there, absorbing everything, oblivious to the subject, and the partially grown features that Little Man portrays. , at least in part as well. Movies in general may be better than this poor attempt, while this nonsense is to engage them while still young and young, the greatest fear for the future of Cinema is that a child's ignorance can continue to an adult. happiness. Cinema deserves more than this, and so does its growing and, in the literal sense also the public, this blatant milk cow feeds on the ever impressionable minds of young people. <br /> <br /> There is no cinematic experience. here with no open-eyed admiration, without inspiring respect for the magic of the movies. There is nothing but perplexity and contempt, for the lack of substance, originality and its delivery of mind less boredom and parody of all that is so now ultimately wrong with the Hollywood machine, because of a quick buck, we must endure our future film audiences to the tastes of this archetypal disaster film. <br /> <br /> Does this have the likes of Hitchcock, Fassbinder, Leone, Kubrick and Schaffner recovering in their graves? The money everyone liked, no doubt, but the talent and exuberance for perfection and quality and, to a large extent, respect for their profession and public, were never short. We are seeing, once again, the work of the Wayans clan, another bad taste cliché, while names like White Chicks (2004) were undoubtedly a stab at the bourgeoisie of American society. The irony here is that the two main characters, once again played by the Wayans brothers, are very disguised, that all recognition is nonexistent, it makes a better movie as well, and it's actor Terry Crews who gives White Chicks his substance and personality, not the Wayans. Once again, with his pastiche of Blaxploitation films from the 1970s, as with the 1988 film I'm Gonna Git You Sucka, this can be seen as a comic and fun movie with weights heavyweights like Isaac Hayes, Jim Brown, Bernie Casey and the beautiful actress Ja'net Du Bois. The point is that the little man has absolutely no personality of any kind whatsoever, he is superficial and narcissistic, no appreciation or value to his followers, he quickly dives into his money and before we realize it, he hid inside himself . the gears of commercialism. There is no recognizable effort to where our money was spent, after Scary Movie (2000), things could only have gone up, but unfortunately they did not, there is great reflection of artistic value and no doubt that the provision of these film Intrepid The upcoming films of the Mongols will be straight into the video, one can only hope. The Wayans seem to have created a genre of film by themselves to some degree; they beat up to death the parody of the film, they diluted every avenue and with its inevitable style. They have slowly destroyed the reputation of the last hundred years that cinema has provided us, that the ghosts of the films' past are always so humble in their judgment, as their public boom so far seems to be, for when the bubble explodes, they be so understanding.
