America. A land of freedom, hope and dreams. This is the nation that, since its independence, has been committed to bringing democracy, prosperity and peace to the whole world, for the good of all mankind. There are moments, however, when one can not help wishing the Americans to stay on their side of the Atlantic. <br /> <br /> This 'movie' (and I use that word with some reservations) evokes these feelings with intense purity. This vision of hell follows the adventures of Calvin, a jewel thief who was created by holding Marlon Wayan's severed head on the body of a two-foot-tall dwarf. After inadvertently dropping a large diamond in Vanessa's purse, a career woman who is reluctant to have children, Calvin realizes that in order to recover the diamond, he must join her. So, like any normal man would, Calvin dresses like a 2-year-old boy and gets dressed in the doorway of the poor woman, where he is discovered by Darryl, Vanessa's husband. Darryl incongruously falls in love with Calvin's disguise despite the fact that the 'baby' has a full set of teeth, stubble, a tattoo, a knife-scar and the sexual desire of a 16-year-old years. old. Even more absurdly, Vanessa also does not see Calvin's baby clothes and actually tries to suck the tiny pervert. This unfortunate attack on the soul of humanity attempts, and fails, to find humor in rape, eschatology, sexual assault and pedophilia, yet in a dishonest attempt to transform itself into a play of 'family entertainment' the Wayan brothers mingle a sickly amount of feeling and morality fails. <br /> <br /> The brothers try a Freudian rehabilitation of the rapist, revealing that he "had a bad father". Repeatedly hitting Darryl in the groin allows Calvin to develop the loving father-son relationship he and Darryl have always wanted. As if that were not ridiculous enough, Calvin's attempts to assault Vanessa somehow convince her that it is selfish for a woman to embark on a successful career and that instead she should spend her life playing the part of a small woman. , who spends time alternately squeezing babies and cooking for her husband. In this film, the Wayan brothers mingled their crude and distorted mood with the clichéd sentimentality that infected much of Hollywood's recent work. In addition, they are endemic to the current generation of black comedians who are responsible for turning African-American humor into a poor, miserable shadow of self revenge for fart jokes and crude sex jokes. By law, these two should be legally barred from picking up anything that looks remotely like a camera. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the current artistic and moral bankruptcy of American cinema means that, from then on, next month, they will shoot two sequels and make millions of dollars in merchandising business.
