Timon and Pumba are watching The Lion King. Timon decides to go back before the start, when the story really began. Then they come back. Way back. Back even before Simba was born. Back to Timon's old house, which was miles away from Pride Rock. A clan of meerkats hid in the basement to hide from the hyenas. The clan's worst digger was a pompous, self-centered meerkat named Timon. His mother pitied him, but Uncle Max only shook his head. Mom suggested that they put Timon in the sentinel service; Timon dreamed of a bigger and better place somewhere. Only then did the hyenas Shenzi, Bonzai, and Ed arrive and almost killed poor Uncle Max. The other meerkats just wanted Timon to leave, while Timon decided to leave. Then he kissed her mother goodbye and started. He did not go far before he started to miss home. Only then did he meet Rafiki, who taught him to look beyond what he sees. Timon had no idea what that meant, so he went on to meet a boar named Pumba, who was alone because of a flatulence problem. Timon and Pumba come together then, but Timon declared them acquaintances rather than friends. <br /> <br /> They soon arrive at Pride Rock, where all zebras, antelopes, wildebeest, rhinoceroses, giraffes, elephants and many other common animals. gathered. What was happening? Timon did not care. They continued. Timon then saw Rafiki at the top of Pride Rock raising something to the air that he could not see. Only then did all the animals bow. Was this to honor the birth of the new king? No, Pumbaa had passed the gas and the animals were bending over to cover their noses; Timon and Pumbaa try a variety of new homes, but each one is uncomfortable due to incessant singing or hyenas or a large burst of wildebeest! Pumbaa and Timon suddenly find themselves descending the river. When they reach the land, Timon decides to give up. But then they look around to the newly discovered paradise. It was beautiful: trees and water fall as far as the eyes could see. Timon named the place after a strange phrase he learned from Rafiki: Hakuna Matata. Timon and Pumbaa go out to bowling one afternoon when they suddenly bump into Simba. They take him under their wings and become father figures. They teach you the arts of eating insects and burping burps. Soon, a teenage Simba faces Timon in a slug contest. Simba won, leaving Timon seriously ill. <br /> <br /> Then, one day, Simba's childhood friend, Nala, arrived. Timon and Pumbah knew she would break the friendship. Suddenly, Simba runs away. Nala and Pumbaa run after him, but not Timon. He chose to stay in "Hakuna Matata" alone, until Rafiki "speaks" some sense to him, so he joins his friends at Pride Rock. Timon's mother and Uncle Max arrive. While Simba fights with Scar, Mom and Max dig a large hole to trap the Shenzi, Bonzai, and Ed hyenas. It worked. Scar is soon thrown into the same hole where he is devoured by hyenas. Then everything is fine. Mother, Uncle Max and the rest of the meerkats will live with Timon and Pumba in the paradise that is Hakuna Matata. Back in the present, Timon and Pumbao finish the movie when suddenly Mom, Uncle Max, Simba and Rafiki want to watch again. The Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Goofy, Snow White, Seven Dwarves, Dumbo, Peter Pan, Lost Boys, Mad Hatter, March Hare, Genie, Aladdin and Jasmine. <br /> <br /> Well, I must say that The Lion King 1 1/2 was not as good as I expected. It was ridiculous and silly. The original Lion King was a masterpiece. He had a serious story with the light comedy he had thrown. This was just nonsense and mocked it. I swear, sometimes Timon and Pumbaa are very exaggerated. They are exaggerated to the point of not being funnier, just annoying. The original voice cast is back: Nathan Lane as Timon, Ernie Sabella as Pumbah, Matthew Broddrick as Adult Simba, Whoopi Goldberg as Shenzi, Cheech Marin as Bonzai, Jim Cummings as Ed, Robert Guillame as Rafiki. New in the cast are Julie Kavner from the long-running TV series The Simpsons, as Timon's mother and Jerry Stiller as Uncle Max. So this movie is not The Lion King III, and it's not II because there is already an II. It happens right after Part I and Part II is far away. So it's 1 1/2. In conclusion, I do not recommend this to die for Lion King fans because it's too ridiculous and frivolous. However, kids will love it, so I recommend it to them. I hope this is also the movie LAST Lion King. Two is enough. "The Lion King 1 1/2". What we expect from Disney sequencing makers. <br /> <br />
