A director and his team head to Beal's secluded mansion to make a low-budget horror film about the seven mysterious deaths of the Beal family that occurred there in the last century. Even with the caretaker's warnings, the principal does not pay attention to the supposedly cursed house. One of the crew finds a book titled Tibetan Book of the Dead and uses some of his excerpts for his screenplay. But in doing so, when red they raise a ghoul from their grave. <br /> <br /> Boring, confusing and tacky, all in one, is equivalent to this production of bland horror. What seems an eternity seems like it will never happen or demonstrate something effective from rather decent ideas. Even though director Paul Harrison's clumsy, understated direction has built a couple of mysterious, moody, atmospheric scenarios. But laziness set it early. The whole film within a film structure occupies most of the film and in this period little or nothing happens of great interest. Nor is it fun. Think of Bob Clark's "Children Should not Play with Dead Things" (1972), and we now have older actors in the play. However I found "Seven corpses" to be inferior. The script from the beginning has a bit of cutting wit before it ends up being monotonous, predictable and left with many unfulfilled possibilities. The cheap base that involved limited sets also did not help, but the mansion's gloomy and gloomy appearance looked scary. Performances of a recognizable b-cast are mostly rigid. John Carradine, in a small part, mainly stalks. John Ireland plays a hotheaded director, Faith Domergue's weak actress demands attention, and Charles Macaulay catches his eye. The premise of slow grinding is crossed between "Ten Little Indians" and their usual setup of zombies. However, it is not as engaging, even with its hidden edge and supernatural. Hell they even throw in some graveyard action, without prevailing. When does the rotting ghoul make its appearance? finally, but a bit late. It gets a little better, if very disconcerting. Like the inspired opening, the ending is deliciously pessimistic. For bad between, constantly drags. Continuity in many scenes comes through non-existent, and death scenes are more exciting and bloodier (but actually poorly executed) in the movie they are making, so what really happens to them when the zombie appears. The generic score of music flows with its gothic but frank clues, and the camera work is gently staged with a lack of imagination. Shoot and frame. Shoot and frame. Task completed. This is a wrap.
