This is the kind of movie that really hurts to recognize that it really sucks. I usually sanctify things like that! Grindhouse from the early 70's flicks with splendid sound titles and a low budget schbery atmosphere usually ROCK. "House of Seven Corpses" has come up to get rid of more trumps, as the cast is a gathering of such veterans of the genre (including John Carradine, John Ireland and Faith Domergue) and the shooting sites (the titular house, the graveyard) are obviously very expedient for a dark tale of terror. The film begins with its greatest and most memorable memorable sequences, although, unfortunately, they are the only ones that qualify as such. The credits are a splendid set, complete with bizarre color effects and scary frozen pictures, illustrating how the main house received its notorious reputation. The last seven owners were mysteriously murdered here and the assembly of the credits happily displays their final moments. Someone falls on the porch screaming, a lady drowns in her bathtub and another female body hanging from the ceiling and four more macabre pictures. It goes without saying that the house is cursed and the clumsy behavior of the tutor Mr. Price (Carradine) only strengthens this reputation. In other words, the house forms the ideal lawn for acclaimed director Eric Hartman (John Ireland) to film his satanic horror film project. The structure of the film within the film is what makes the "House of Seven Corpses" so boring and uncomplicated. A lot of film material is wasted on team members putting film spools on camera and dragging cables or ?? even worse ?? Faith Domergue and Charles Macaulay portray the horribly intolerable actor stereotypes. The plot finally gets a little interesting (just a little, note) when one of the characters reads a few lines from a hidden book and accidentally wakes up a corpse rotting in the yard. The asthmatic (judging by the noises he produces) zombie slowly goes to the house and kills the entire crew, remembering how the previous seven turned into corpses. After a running time of approximately 60 minutes, the movie suddenly changes from monotonous to simply weird and confusing. I'm still not sure if the latest twist has to do with the concept of reincarnation or just coincidence and all the remaining characters suddenly seem to undergo major mental transformations just before they die for some reason. I sincerely regret to confirm that "House of Seven Corpses" is a very horrible movie. The locations and scenarios are bleak but are not accustomed to a full effect and there is a serious lack of bloodshed. Numerous budget budgets of the '70s were unbelievably large, so the lack of financial means is no excuse and the film's murders within the film really do not count. Even the always trusted veteran stars deliver top-notch performances and Harrison's direction is completely uninspired. Not recommended, unless you think the legal set up of the opening credits four and a half minutes, it will be worth buying a copy.
