After reading the previous reviews, I'm glad I was not the only one who got confused, especially in the last 20 minutes. John Carradine is shown twice walking on a grave and closing the cover behind him. I eagerly awaited some kind of explanation for this strange behavior ... of course I assumed it had something to do with evil at home, but since he was killed by the first ascending corpse (hereafter referred to as Zombie # 1) , these scenes made no sense at all. Please, if anyone out there knows why Carradine kept going down in graves - let the rest of us get into it !! <br /> <br /> All the action is confined to the last 20 minutes, so I'll try a synopsis. John Carradine arrives at the graveyard to investigate and is strangled by zombie # 1. For now, fine. But then we started the confusing scene where John Ireland and Jerry Strickler, gone for a little moonlight filming in the cemetery, uncover Carradine's corpse. Strickler repeatedly tries to push Ireland to the open grave where Zombie # 1 came from, but Ireland manages to throw it into the open pit, and PRESTO! Strickler comes out as zombie # 2! Yes, I think we can infer that Strickler was dead all the time (a witch?), But why did he change from normal appearance to the version of rotting flesh flying to Zombie's # 1 tomb is never explained. (Considering how much these zombies are terribly slow, I thought he'd rather stay in his "normal" form until his business was done.) This scene also brings a question to the mind - just who the hell is zombie # 1 ??? We can only assume that Zombie # 1 is one of the original murder victims shown during the film's opening credits, but who knows which, or why he has a particular grudge against the film crew. <br /> <br /> Anyway, after Ireland sees this transformation and flees, we see the EXACT EVEN SHOTS of Zombie # 2 going through the trees as we saw in Zombie # 1. (This leads to momentary confusion about how many zombies actually exist). So in the best 1950s film fashion, Ireland can travel while running. He conveniently knocks his head on Faith Domergue's dead tombstone (was not it cool that John Carradine had carved a tombstone for a cat he barely knew?) Meanwhile, the zombie # 1 has been destroying the house. He easily dispatches three members of the film crew and then begins to climb the stairs. Faith Domergue hears him and, thinking that lover John Ireland is back from his night shoot, leaves. Seeing she's just a zombie # 1, she lets out a scream and retreats to a room where she retrieves the revolver from Ireland. While starlet Carole Wells is showering at the moment and can not hear the scream, her cast member Charles Macauley (who is intoxicating and shrinking a mirror in her bedroom) does. Taking his sweet time (and only after a few more sips from his vial) he finally decides to investigate. (One thing that hits the viewer during the last quarter of this movie is how SLOW TO REACT stars are for screams and shots). Domergue returns to the armed hall and ready, but confuses Macauley with Zombie # 1 and shoots him six times! He gives a good acrobatic jolt on the railing, then a horrified Domergue, right in the arms of Zombie # 1. Carole Wells is now out of the shower and drying up when he hears shots and shouts of Domergue; she also does not feel much urge to rush to investigate. So during that time, Zombie # 1 has time to tie Domergue to the neck with a rope. Wells sees the corpse of Domergue and passes out. The next time we see her is in a stream outside the house (???) - but more on that later. Meanwhile, Ireland has regained his senses and stumbles on the house where he discovers the bloody zombie carnage # 1. Although Ireland has just found 3 people murdered, he is more concerned that his film has been exposed and ruined! Mercifully for him (and for the public), Zombie # 1 throws some movie equipment over the head of the second floor. This is the last time we see zombie # 1. At this point, the audience is treated with a montage of all deaths, showing that the new "mirror" the old. How deep it is. <br /> <br /> Zombie # 2 meanwhile got close to the house (remember, these zombies move as slowly as molasses in January) where he sees Carole Wells floating in a creek and fishes her out. How did she get there? Did the # 1 zombie carry it down, threw it in, and then rose again in time to crush John Ireland? Apparently, one of the original victims was drowned in the tub, so Wells has to drown himself too (but why out in a stream, instead of in the tub, is never explained). Zombie # 2 never enters the house (everyone is already dead, anyway, thanks to zombie # 1), but he takes Carol Wells back to the graveyard. As the final credits flash on the screen, we see Zombie # 2 with his dead love still in his arms, descending into the open pit. <br /> <br /> The viewer wondered: Yes, but it was not that zombie. The tomb of # 1? Why is Zombie # 2 living? And if Zombie # 1 appears and wants to climb back up - will Zombie # 2 leave you, or will there be a zombie fight? Will the zombies share the grave and the late Carole Wells? And what about the now dead John Carradine - where is he going to stay? After all, from the previous scenes we know that he is clearly at home in the tomb ... If this synopsis of the plot has left you confused, do not worry because you are not alone.
