I have three comments to make about this movie, which I found bleak on a lower shelf of Blockbuster. First of all, it is interesting to see the approaches filmmakers try to film essentially non-branch works. Some, as Kubrick did with "Lolita", got the original author to write a script that is something like the original work. Of course this can not happen here; Kraft-Ebing has been dead for a long time. Some have used the premises of the original work as a starting point to move in a completely new and unrelated direction (the recent adaptation of Tristram Shandy comes to mind here). You can simplify - the movie "Slaughterhouse Five" is, in my view, an example of this. Or you can simply take the original format and try rendering it in cinematic vignettes. That would be Woody Allen's "Everything you wanted to know about sex" approach and undoubtedly this movie. After consideration, it is probably the only thing one can do with an academic work like "Psychopathia Sexualis". The potential loss is that any cumulative point that the original work has had is obscured or destroyed. And so it is here. <br /> <br /> The second point is the cinematic style. Some would call it "homage" to Murnau, Pabst, Carl Dreyer, etc., but I think it is coarser than that. It is too heavy and self-conscious to be effective for long. Eventually it's just annoying. The third point may be a less intellectual observation. How did the people responsible for it manage to make a film about such outrageously boring sexual aberrations and perversions? I find the film impossible to pay attention to, and anyone who is not automatically attracted to representations of sexual deviance will also find it. I do not want to be completely ruthless and say that the film is useless, but I must say that whatever point the filmmakers have had is greatly obscured by the nature of the original material, the obvious copy of cinematic styles, and stubborn refusal. engaging the public on an emotional level (possibly for fear of being accused of arousal). <br /> <br /> The film is a dubious exercise from the start and it really does not work for me, I'm sorry to say.
