Wow, this is very unusual in one respect: usually the first movie in a long sequence of sequences is the best of the group. People get surprised when a sequence is actually better. With Tarzan, I thought this movie was the worst in the group, or at least the first six that make up my Tarzan Collection DVD package. I will be happy to watch the sequences several times, but I will go through this turkey, thanks to several characters. <br /> <br /> Well, let's start with the good news first: <br /> <br /> O GOOD - Lots of action with many wildlife on display, even if they are just archive images. You see attacks from lions, crocodiles, hippos, panthers, his name, and you see various tribes of all kinds, including pygmies (called "dwarves" in the film). Since this movie was made almost 75 years ago, I can not beat anything of realism because they did not have it in the movies that a long time ago. They do the best they can, so you act with actors talking in front of fake funds. However, Weissmuller did a lot of action and was in great shape. He and O'Sullivan make a beautiful, well-built couple, if there ever was one of those golden years of cinema. <br /> <br /> The film has historical value (with so many sequels), as it shows how Tarzan acquired Jane and his beginning to learn the English language. THE BAD - From the moment that "Jane Parker" is taken away by Tarzan, almost every scene with her is Maureen O'Sullivan, in hysterics, screaming and screaming. after the scene. It's enough to cause a headache and ruin the movie. Fortunately, she calmed down in the sequences, but not in this movie. The film also does not favor the image of "The Great White Hunter" as C. Aubrey Smith, Jane's father, and Neil Hamilton as "Harry Holt," the safari guide, shoots all the animals in sight, if the beasts are threatening or not. These people are very happy, particularly Smith. On another note, it's really bad, there's nothing here explaining how Tarzan came to be in the jungle in the first place. There is no history of it here or images of its growth. He is there when Jane and the group arrive at a certain point in Africa.
