Dreamgirls, though his handful of Tony wins in an incredibly weak year on Broadway, has never been what one might call a jewel in the crown of stage musicals. However, that does not mean that, in the right cinematographic hands, it could not be perfected and polished into something worthwhile on the screen. Unfortunately, what is transferred to the screen is basically a slavishly faithful version of the stage hit, with all its inherent weaknesses intact. First, punctuation has never been one of the strengths of this production and the film does not change that factor. There are many songs (maybe too much?), But few of them are especially memorable. The closest of all captivating melodies is the title song and One Night Only - the highly acclaimed And I'm telling you that I'm not going it's less a great song than a dramatic set-set for Effie's character (Jennifer Hudson). The film is slippery and technically well-produced, but the story and the characters are surprisingly thin and without any resonance. There is some interest in the opening moments, watching the manager of Jamie Foxx, such as Svengali, manipulate his acts to the top, but this occupies a secondary place in the latter part of the film, when the story conveniently tries to put him as a villain despite of it was right from the business point of view for a good majority of the movie. Beyoncé Knowles is adorable and sings her songs perfectly well, but is attached to a character who is basically all surface gloss. Anika Noni Rose as the third member of the trio Dreamgirls literally has nothing to do for the entire movie. Eddie Murphy acquits himself well as a singer obviously based on James Brown, but the role is not especially important and ultimately has little impact. Foxx would seem like the ideal cast, but he seems strangely withdrawn and bored. The biggest selling point of the film is certainly the former Oscar winner / Jennifer Hudson in the central role of Effie White, the moody singer who is expelled from the group and makes a triumphant return. For me, Effie has always been a big problem on both the show and the movie. The movie obviously wants you to feel sorry for her and instead leaves her side, but I've never been sure that this character deserves that kind of devotion. From the beginning, Effie behaves mostly as an unpleasant, egocentric, egocentric diva who is more interested in what everyone can do for her, rather than being very interested in the group she is a part of. When she gets kicked out of the group for her lack of professionalism and bad attitude, the charges are more than well founded, but the show seems to think that Effie should have unlimited laughter simply because she has a great voice. Even if the film tries to soften some of Effie's hardest edges to make her more sympathetic, the charges still remain. Her story becomes more manipulative, suggesting that she should have more sympathy because she is a single mother struggling to raise her daughter - using the implication that (as well as the talent card) motherhood makes any behavior excusable. In fact, the only major effort the film does to show Effie's motherhood is to tell us about it and then include a scene in which she yells at her daughter at the unemployment office, insists the girl has no father and refuses to look for a job to support them, since singing is all she knows. In the hands of a skilled actress, the gaps could perhaps have been remedied with technique and charisma. Unfortunately, Hudson is not this actress. She sings well, but the moments of dialogue are not natural to her nor do they affect the emotional moments. The moment of Effie's signature (the number mentioned above and I'm telling you ...) is well sung by Hudson, but emotionally flat in the acting department. Effie must express her anger and despair in her plight, but Hudson is a cabaret performer singing a hot number. All in all, not exactly the emotional highlight you'd expect. The last part of the film is basically a predictable mix of events that maneuver Foxx into Hudson's previous position and allow her to strut and dominate over everyone. Foxx's criminal offenses in the film are undoubtedly for the course of many record producers, but the apparent implication of the film that he helped him enter the disco era is rather ridiculous, not to mention pretentious and condescending, particularly coming from a film with all the depth of a puddle. The end result is a faithful representation of the stage hit, drained of emotion, energy or anything that can be described as dynamic.
