Before we begin, let me briefly say that this film itself is very well done and well represented by everyone involved, including Whittaker, who in fact deserves his nomination. It's a lot of fun and. . . taken in the right context as a FICTION work, is a very good film. For this, I give you the two stars. <br /> <br /> However, instead of wasting your time with what you can read a hundred times elsewhere, I want to show the absolute fictional nature of this film and how dangerous it is to sell people a work of fiction as if it were true. I emphasize that this movie nowhere in the credits lets us know that the main character, Dr. Nicholas Garrigan, is a complete invention of fiction. Instead, it presents this character in a real historical setting and allows the uninformed viewer to assume that he was indeed real, and what they are seeing is the truth. I have no problem with the mix of fact and fiction - but doing so on such a dishonest issue is, in a word, reprehensible. <br /> <br /> There can be no doubt that Africa, along with most Third World countries. Countries are full of human misery and suffering. Hollywood has long sought to capture the suffering of people in those countries in the movies. But Hollywood is also looking to make money. The only true way to capture the suffering that seems to happen everywhere, except in the West, is to try it out for yourself, or at least have it captured in an honest documentary. <br /> <br /> But these representations of fictional characters in real historical settings can only do so much. At the end of the day, they become less about presenting the facts for the viewer to decide for himself, and more about taking him from image to image and tapping his head shouting, "Look, we said it was bad!" The seminal example of this can be found by anyone willing to watch the documentary on the DVD after watching the movie. Arguably the most shocking image of the film is the sight of the body of Kay Amin, Idi's second wife, whom he killed when he discovered his infidelity. In the film, we see that its limbs were broken and replaced in the opposite direction (arms to the legs and vice versa). This is the director making sure to understand that Amin is, as the Gungans say, Good-bad! But when we watch the documentary, we learn that this is no more than a myth, that the Minister of Health at the moment he tells us himself is not true. <br /> <br /> So. . . what . . . they just do these things? Because? Because Hollywood has a low opinion of our intelligence, that's why! They do not trust us to come to the right conclusion. Look, she was murdered and dismembered is in itself enough to conclude that Amin was not the nice guy he portrayed to the media - we do not need that image inspired by the Texas CHAINSAW MASSACRE to reinforce it! And that's just the top of the iceberg. What is also not explained to the casual viewer is that the main character Garrigan himself is fictitious. There was no young Scottish doctor under Amin's wing. As such, Garrigan is clearly present only to help Westerners understand the African world. The producers do not seem to care about a film about Africa unless there's a white face in it. (Ironically, even the titular character is portrayed by an American black actor!) The problem is that the film is no longer an exhibition of Amin and his regime, but an exploratory thriller about a white West coming to Africa all over the world. Wrong reasons, making several horrible mistakes and then "redeeming oneself," even at the expense of three other innocent lives. Honestly, I must say that it is almost reprehensible to suggest that Mrs Amin's real tragic death was the result of a meeting with a fictitious Scottish doctor - it almost seems to become a morbid joke because of entertainment! I really wanted Hollywood to stop pulling us for the money. I realized for the first time his propensity to do this with the lamentably manipulative adaptation of the life of John Nash, who suppressed the darkest side of man to present only the tortured hero that America can only do. get enough. The sad truth is that Hollywood has sold us these fake products for years, and viewers, who are predictable and understandably lazy or indifferent to investigate for themselves, buy these fake, hook-and-line, and hook-up portraits. <br /> <br /> Look, I'm certainly not suggesting that Amin is being turned into a villain he was not. My point is, with the truth being so shocking enough to convince us of man's brutality, why should Hollywood then reach this fictitious size? Why should Hollywood continue to insult us by running our hands through these films? Why can not they trust us to think for ourselves? Can not we just put the honest pictures on the screen and let the audience decide for themselves? I ask everyone who continues to watch the supposedly "real" Hollywood movies, to do yourself the favor of ALWAYS investigate for yourself, and NEVER assume that what is on screen is close to the truth!
