Forest Whitaker's performance is even more impressive for making it worth sitting at this point. "Historical fiction" does not justify changing history. The absurd begins from scratch with the imaginary main character played by James McAvoy. To create a fictitious observer for the purpose of giving the reader a point of connection in the book is regrettable, unfortunate that white people can not read only a book without a white protagonist to connect, but at least it was put on a little passive role . To invent a false historical actor and credit this fiction by exposing Amin to the world is irresponsible, lazy and stupid. Not making the actions of this creation believable or even sensible is just criminal and opened the door to films like what they plan to do with Leonardo DiCaprio as a heroic Enron informant who NEVER EXISTED. The logic of the world does not apply in this movie where some Scottish kid finds it right to sleep with the wife of a murderous dictator. It does not apply where the dictator's wife wants to sleep with some irresponsible and stupid white boy. By the way, EVERYONE is lined up to sleep with this skinny, irresponsible, arrogant white boy until Gillian Anderson licks her chops. <br /> <br /> Let me declare, I do not like James McAvoy. I'm not sure what it is about him, but I thought his Mr. Tumnus in Narnia was scary and perverted. I think Kerry Washington would never look at him twice, so I can not believe that the wife of a powerful and dangerous man like Amin would risk and lose his life for him. I do not believe him as a doctor, and I just do not see the appeal. Your character seems to have a lot more arrogance than it would make sense, and trying to make him look like a tough guy by throwing the cow was just ... there's that word again ... absurd. Think about it, you're seeing all these characters bend over in order to accommodate this unbelievable main character, and there's never been a guy like that. <br /> <br /> Gillian Anderson looks amazing and sounds more British than most Brits. . Whitaker gives a great expansive magnetic performance and highlighted, with his incomprehensible pre-Oscar speeches, how much he was acting. It's a pity that the movie around him has no reason to exist.
