"Women? They are all purifiers ...!" <br /> <br /> No, it's not a good translation; not at all! This falls short of the previous year's "Daddy's Army," completely missing out on the special small-screen magic of the original seminal television series, and ceasing to play interestingly with the big screen ... you could say that this movie is good represents a declining Britain, and more precisely even that, a British film industry falling into decline. And that's hardly a recommendation, is it? To be an example of overwhelming madness ... <br /> <br /> All that remains after the subtlety of the TV original has been surgically removed by Cliff Owen, Galton and Simpson are: endless, dilapidated, yawning, Ron Grainer's theme ... reinforced sentimentality (that poor quality end, thick-eyed ... the more audacious the second Steptoe movie looks in comparison) an increase in boring - with the director and writers seemingly highlighting completely - totally applicable to something like the 'misbegotten monstrosity' (his truly on this site) of 1973, 'The Mutations'. There is a strange and moody tone in the scene where Harold is beaten in a rugby club, which I hate and part back (so far, as a friend hinted, the mood of the TV series ...), but by except that it seems an original inclination, and emblematic of the tensions that are only boiling in Britain in 1972 ... There is, however, an implicit prostitute, rather a "golden heart" that transforms the loose woman - traitor 'pon poor auld 'Arold - and beyond the caricature writing of the' class' element; not to mention surprisingly poorly judged performances of generally fearsome tracks. Brambell and Corbett conspire with the script and, in fact, can not cure it of an essential ham. What did Anthony Aloysius Hancock do all this ...? I just concede that some moments are just work - especially those where G & S play things with a little more care and B & C touch the proponent's nerves - and overall, it's not an uncontested issue. <br /> <br /> But, oh, how it hurts me to say: it's tiring, tedious, both intentionally unplugged from reality and what made the TV series great, and also totally in tune with the lazy, tasteless . misogynist, 'fuck it, this will do ...' the reality of much of what was allowed to move to the traditional cinema in Britain at the time.
