OK, let me admit I did not see any other Merchant Ivory movie (the distributor). I also have not seen the director's most celebrated works, so my ability to discuss before the rains out of the analysis of the film itself is mitigated. With that admission, let me begin. Before the rains it's a different kind of movie that does not know what genre it wants to be. At first, it pretends to be a novel. In most novels, the protagonist falls in love with a supporting character, is separated from the supporting character and is (sometimes) attached to his partner. The hero of this film has already won the heart of his lover, but can not be with her. His name is Henry Moores and his name is Sajani, and they reside in South India during the last days of the Raj (British imperial domain). Henry has been away from London for a long time and fell in love with his married Indian maid, despite his legal marriage and son abroad. What could be better than that? They often sneak into private evenings until some children notice them. The news spreads to Sajani's husband, who questions his involvement with Moores. She denies any contact with him, but Moores asks her to leave the area. Sajani refuses because of his devotion to him and commits suicide. Please note that these events occur in the opening third of the film. The film changes tone and becomes a crime drama in its final portions. <br /> <br /> Sajani's body is discovered just when the Moores family comes to visit him. The alleged offender is the English training assistant of Moores, T.K. T.K. knows his master's affair, but is silent until his life becomes threatened. Once he is declared innocent, he attempts to regain his honor by killing Moores. T.K. is very scrupulous and leaves him on a dirt road when the rains fall. <br /> <br /> I want to warn you, this is not a romance movie. The DVD cover and theatrical posters show an Indian woman and a Caucasian man embracing each other in an idealized tropic environment. This image is captured directly from the movie aperture, but disappears quickly. So it's over. It seems an effort to capitalize on Western fixation on forbidden love. It is not effective, at all. Not only is the film not a novel, but its characters have no personality. They are packets of walking cliches. Moores is an arrogant white man who does not recognize the intelligence of his Indian friend, T.K. T.K. is divided between his own heritage and his educational background. Sajani is a woman unable to have a choice in her romantic life. Oh, and of course, the Moores family is curious about Sajani's death, but still a bit racist to the Indians. If the tone were not so serious, I'd be willing to ignore those problems, but it's not. The film is presented with a didactic tone that highlights its development of poor characters. <br /> <br /> No, this movie is not terrible. Besides the laughable script, it's not bad. The actors are all experienced and perform well here. Nandita Das, who plays Sajani, was part of the wonderful Indian drama Water. Even director Sivan has an impressive resume. He recently oversaw The Terrorist, which is part of Roger Ebert's "Great Movies" collection. What happened here? Why is this movie so bad? Well, Sivan mentioned how he was inspired to direct this movie because of a short film he saw in Israel called Red Roofs. Apparently, the story was "timeless" and Sivan sought to create a similar experience in India in the 1930s. I have no problem with this approach, but I think Sivan may have been very motivated this time around. The actors, the cinematography and the set designer are acceptable, but unless you share Sivan's aura, you probably will not like it. My recommendation is that you assume that you disagree with him and observe something else. Final Consensus: * and ½ out of *****
