I can understand after watching this again for the first time in many years, as it is considered one of the worst Laurel & Hardy. For me, it's not as bad as "Air Raid Wardens" and "The Bullfighters", but there are some huge glitches. The film was created to show Laurel and Hardy as the owners and instructors of the dance studio. Hardy is funny as the protagonist of a "London Bridge" dance, surrounded by stars of 20th Century Fox, while in the next room, Laurel teaches the beginner ballet wearing a ballerina costume. A clumsy carpenter pours the glue to the floor, leading to a predictable gag, where Hardy ends up looser. Then, the fraudsters, now selling insurance covering their protection racket. One of them is a handsome young Robert Mitchum. But once they bully the boys into buying insurance, they get arrested. <br /> <br /> This is the end of the bad guys and the last time we see the dance studio. The rest of the film is dedicated to supporting Laurel and Hardy's wealthy patron Trudy Marshall and her boyfriend inventor, Robert Bailey. They first try to help them hide the relationship of their disapproving parents (Matt Briggs and Margaret Dumont) and hopeful Allan Lane, whom we can say right away, who is a no good pig. This causes Briggs' hidden bar to be revealed to Dumont, who totals tea, and a gag where a rug is literally taken from the rich patriarch who pounds the bed in a lake below. When Bailey uses the boys to help display his lightning weapon, pandemonium occurs. The dead butler announces to Case and Dumont that his house is on fire. <br /> <br /> Later, Hardy wants to use the insurance policy to make money to pay rent for his dance studio and hopes to get Laurel to break up. one leg to do this. There is no reference to the fact that insurance salesmen were thugs and that the policy would probably be invalid. (Even if they became legitimate insurance salesmen, after they were arrested, their licenses would have been revoked.) Laurel ends up leaving a bus that had been abandoned by the driver because of a supposedly rabid dog (just a covered cover, cake devouring similar Toto, or possibly the real dog), causing Oliver to end up in a huge roll of beach. coaster that somehow the bus ended, perfectly fitting its wheels on the rails. The roller coaster jokes can be exciting, as evidenced in "Abbott and Costello Go to Hollywood," and this is fun but anticlimactic. <br /> <br /> As the story ends, all these jokes seem to have no point, giving the impression that this was simply a series of one-reelers together to make a feature film, I hope part of a double bill. L & H, as I mentioned in other reviews of their later films, lost much of their brilliance after leaving Hal Roach's job, but surprisingly here, they do not come out as old and tired as in movies made that same year. If the jokes had not been as fun as they did with some of his other films, that would certainly have scored a "2" instead of a "3."
