For fans of Laurel and Hardy, the 1940s and beyond were a very sad time for the team. His contracts with Hal Roach Studios had expired and now they were "free agents" - able to work for any studio that offered them a job. Unfortunately, Fox, RKO, MGM (without Roach) and even a French film company that hired the boys had absolutely no touch to their comedic talents. Besides, Stan and Ollie were much older and seeing those geriatric men practicing pratfalls looked sad, not particularly funny. Stan looked very ragged, and Ollie's weight soared to the point where he could barely walk - and so made me feel uncomfortable laughing at his very, very quiet antics. <br /> <br /> In addition to his age, this particular movie suffers because Fox Studios put them in a supporting role and created a parallel plot involving a young couple - something that reduced their time on the screen and turned them into tasteless "racks" instead of just being themselves. A cute, cuddly Stan and Ollie is very strange to old Laurel and Hardy from the '20s and' 30s - and it looked very odd and matched badly with them. <br /> <br /> Now, even at their age, this COULD have been a decent movie if it had been given decent writing and it looked like the studio cared - and it's pretty obvious they were using "drive B "here - with, at best, second - class support. In particular, there are very few laughs and the last 10 minutes of the movie are just terrible - relying exclusively on a screen designed for the stupid chase scene - which can only be ranked as one of the worst of its kind in movies. Cinema's history. <br /> <br /> For zombie lovers numb by the mind of Laurel and Hardy, it's probably a movie they'll love. But for team lovers who are willing to honestly evaluate this movie in relation to their wonderful previous films, it simply seems to want it indeed. In fact, of all his full films before 1940, I can not think of one I liked less than DANCING MASTERS. Unfortunately, from the post-1940 films, this may just be one of the best. Unfortunately, it got much worse - with miserable movies like THE BIG NOISE and nothing but trouble. I just wanted the boys to have just retired after SAPS AT SEA. <br /> <br /> Finally, I wonder if all the positive reviews about this movie on IMDb may reflect more of the reviewers' love for the team than an indication that this is a good movie? To an audience that is no longer in love with the team, I do not know how this movie will do anything but annoy the public - it certainly will not convince anyone that Laurel and Hardy were comic geniuses. But even the comic geniuses need material worthy of their talents.
