This movie uses all the art clichés (slow pace, long static takes, minimal amount of dialogue) to try to hide the fact that there really is nothing worth watching here: There is no plot to speak, the characters are sad lead ) or cliché (Tersteeghe's character), and they never talk to each other about anything that concerns their rather monotonous lives. The film is centered around a woman who discovers about the adultery of her husbands. Instead of confronting him, she avenges herself without enthusiasm in committing adultery. After a fight and a reconciliation with his sister - who knew about adultery without telling her - she asks her husband to stop betraying her. They seem to be reunited as a family. Two other story lines - the planned movement of the elderly woman's father with her young wife to Guernsey and the rivalry with the woman's sister - offer no interesting development. The suicide of a woman colleague who seems to trigger events in the film is not a subject in itself. For 2005 - or any other year - this is not enough to make an interesting movie. In addition, the small possibilities for dramatic development that exist in the script are not used or are consciously avoided, such as when the woman and her sister mark a certain piece of furniture from the father's house that will be sold by cause of their planned change. Both sisters want this particular piece and, given their rivalry in the past - about things far more important than furniture: men - this could in theory lead to a confrontation. Or the matter could be settled by one sister giving way to the other. Anyway, this would not be a very interesting or original development of history, but at least it would constitute some development. The film clearly defines this situation (with the two sisters looking intensely at each other during the marking and a sister having mentioned that she does not want to draw strawberries) but deceives us of any resolution: the scene simply ends and how it is - in itself quite sad and materialistic - problem is solved, not shown. <br /> <br /> Although almost completely absent, the dialogue that is in the film is terribly flat and warm. For example, when during a visit to Guernsey, the two sisters address their rivalry, it is in a three-line dialogue that has a childish tone of "yes, no, no, no". The scene of struggle and reconciliation with the two sisters is completely without dialogue - giving a highly artificial, overly stylized and unrealistic impression and greatly reducing its impact. The way the woman finally - finally! - addresses their husbands, adultery in a single line of dialogue has to be seen to be believed - and at the same time completely unbelievable. The husband does not seem to have any noticeable reaction or if he has any, it is not shown. The woman does not mention her own adultery to her husband. The scene showing the woman, the husband and his son sleeping in a passenger plane, assisted by the sister is possibly a happy ending, but the way the characters approached the issues of their lives in what happened before makes this unlikely. <BR> Due to its slow pace, uninteresting story, lead direction and absurd lack of dialogue, I found this film an example of all that may be wrong with an art film and a complete waste of time.
