I do not know what I missed here, but I can not believe all those positive comments from so many people in this movie. I thought it was silly and a little overdone. I enjoyed the performances of Gregg Henry and Michael Rooker, however the others were ... boring. <br /> <br /> Now I like B movies, I really like it, but that was a bit lower in the alphabet for me. I've seen someone compare the mood and horror in this "Army of Darkness" and "Shaun of the Dead" as well as "On par with Re-Animator". You must be joking. I did not find this movie funny, I tried, he made an effort, (possibly a lot of effort), but failed in my opinion. By the time I got hit with the 3rd or 4th line, I was rolling my eyes and checking my watch. <br /> <br /> There have definitely been honors to several other films, which is always cool, kind of an internal joke to us, horror fans. But here it may have been just a lack of original thinking. Of course, there were some cool special effects, but you can not carry a whole movie. Mutant Grant looked like a cross between Jabba the Hut, and in the early stages of the mutation - Chet of "Weird Science" (after he was turned into the monster) and one of the alien creatures / children of "The Explorers." It just did not work. I thought it looked like something a class 5 art class kid could have designed. Then there was Brenda, the woman Grant had impregnated and chained in the barn. When the help finally came, she looked like a giant tick waiting to appear. The design again was totally unimaginative. A colorful balloon with a face in the middle. Now, about the zombies - The more movies I see with zombies in them these days, the more I would like George A. Romero to have a patent on them and be the only writer / director authorized to make films on them. He is the only person so far to do the right thing, with the exception of Edgar Wright and Simon Pegg (but this was a comedy). Oh, and Danny Boyle, but they were a different style of zombie. Maybe Romero has ruined any zombie movie for me because of his ingenious ability to make his actors moan, moan and crawl as if his joints were dry and without even a drop of synovial fluid, and his muscles were struggling with the effects. caused by rigor mortis that began to settle just before they were revived. The people of "Wheelsy" simply did not have the right motivation ... they were horrible zombies. <br /> <br /> So, in the end I give Slither a 3, for a few laughs and some cool scenes.
