Slither is a horror comedy that does not have enough horror or comedy to qualify as one or the other. It has a scene that is exceptionally good, any number of zingers that work, but very few real scares and insufficient humor to keep the movie. In addition, the script does not focus on the hero and heroine, and is misaligned in several places. <br /> <br /> One of the main flaws of this film is that it introduces and leaves its hero (Fillion) to follow. Grant Grant (Michael Rooker) as he is first introduced and then becomes the monster. This whole part of the movie is dragging on - Michael Rooker's character is not as interesting to us as a person, and watching as he goes through a series of moves while acting in the interest of the monster may be interesting if it is Grant - Portrait of a Man Transforming into a monster instead of a horror-comedy alien invasion movie. Ultimately, the problems of this movie are in the script - not as important to the audience as the monster acts or spreads. The purpose of a horror comedy is to get the heroes back in a corner with shotguns and then throw insects at them, with them breaking their heads every time something scary or disgusting happens. Instead, we have an exploration of the habits and tactics of the aliens that only make that part of the film creep. The ostentatious heroine (Elizabeth Banks as Starla Grant) is more central to this part, but even so I felt that the film had left its narrative trail, unless it planned to follow Grant Grant to the end. <br /> <br /> When Fillion and his troop finally confront the alien, the movie begins to cook, but again the problem is in the script. By this time the public knows - and the characters should know - that Grant is not only suffering from some illness and acting accordingly (shotguns) - on the contrary, they continually disagree with the growing evidence that this is not something you to a hospital. "Although his reactions may have been human and real, these are characters in an action movie and simply should have done what the movie promised - action delivered. ideas like this is a big flaw. <br /> <br /> *** SPOILERS AHEAD After the first clash and the alien larval bag bursting character and perhaps the best scene of the movie) the script once again betrays the movie. At this point, one of the characters is almost taken by the alien and develops a vision of the alien. The writer-director (Gunn) chooses as this character a completely new character, rather than one of the smaller characters already developed. Why? Why does he need to introduce a completely new character over an hour into the movie that becomes central to the plot? By the time this character is attacked, we know almost nothing about her and could care less about her, even though she is a cute teen in her bath. If Gunn had decided not to use this character and only used one of the smaller established characters, he could have completely avoided presenting his family and saved time and money. In addition, the hero and heroine would have been filled with the alien's plans without all the additional characters, and could have managed to blow up aliens earlier and more vigorously. <br /> <br /> My last criticism is based on the look of the movie. Gunn is basically a writer, or maybe it was budget constraints, but this movie looked ugly and uninteresting. Most of the action happens at night in woods or in a field, and the screen simply seems monotonous. The scenarios in Wheelsy (the fictional city where the action takes place) seem cheap. The whole movie seems cheap. The box office Mojo claims that the budget of the films was $ 15 million, the newspapers say $ 29 million, and considering that they did not use any name, I would say that the money did not appear on the screen. The monster is simply repulsive and rarely seems deadly. <br /> <br /> The last criticism is based primarily on the reality of the character's actions. By the time Fillion and Co began hunting Grant / the stranger, a woman disappeared and Grant is known to have maimed animals. At that point I expected the FBI, or at least the State Police, to show up and take over the sheriff. One woman has disappeared and was probably murdered, and one place has been psychotic. Time to call the authorities. But, basically, I was hoping that would happen because I just wanted some characters to appear and ACT. <br /> <br /> Although this movie is ostensibly a horror comedy, the movie that most resembles is the Dream Catcher. terms of monstrous invasion and the type of monster and its intentions. Whereas Dreamcatcher had much bigger problems with the story (especially the whole Morgan Freeman subplot) and particularly the ending, in many ways it was stronger, mainly because the main characters were stronger but more important because it looked beautiful. Although this may be an anathema - preferring the film that is weaker in the general plot and in the structural column because of production values ​​- this just shows how uninteresting I found the appearance of Slither.
