Covering virtual reality, the potential of computers, communication with the past, the continuing struggle to express identity in a restrictive society, and the fascinating Ada Byron Lovelace portrayed by the fascinating Tilda Swinton, this film should have been great. But it sucks, terrible if you consider the potential! The acting - in addition to Tilda Swinton and Karen Black - goes from tolerable to atrocious. The construction of the plot is clumsy, to say the least - the modern programmer is a dull note character, but half of the film is spent configuring his character, and then when Ada finally shows up, it is to narrate the events of his life, not to present an engaging story (Swinton almost pulls this off, though). You never know her completely as a real person, just an article icon of a graduate student. <br /> <br /> Digital effects, like a digital dog and a bird, are lousy and disturbing considering it was 1997 rather than 1985. And finally, the script is just plain bad. Bad dialogue, often pretentious - especially the fights between the programmer and her boyfriend, who made me squirm - characters cold and distant, and zero attempt to create a sense of admiration. The programmer has successfully contacted a person in the past! Amazing! But it hardly seems to surprise anyone, and her boyfriend says, "Well, be careful." (Although we are given no clue, later or later, why it can be dangerous, and it never really seems to be dangerous.) In addition, despite being on computers and Ada Lovelace and his love of course, no one involved with the script had any knowledge of math or computers - any references to these subjects are considered as a complete mess that defies any suspension of disbelief. <br /> <br /> A scene at the end of the film is very good, a monologue of Tilda Swinton expressing her sadness for the fragility of life, but her joy in this life. Pungente, passionate and insightful, seems to have been taken from another film. <br /> <br /> So, I'm disappointed with this movie because it's a missed opportunity for a fascinating little cult movie. If you find the subject interesting, you may want to rent it, but be warned. See Orlando for another, much better examination of gender roles in the story with a great performance by Tilda Swinton. <br /> <br /> At the end of In the movie, Ada asks that her memories not be preserved (in what I thought was the best scene of the movie). But then the modern programmer seems to do it anyway, transferring the memories to his little daughter (hence the title of the film). Am I sure that the programmer violated Ada's wishes without even fighting for it? Or is this another confusing point that I'm misinterpreting?
