This movie puzzles me. It may be that I'm just a stupid American, but I do not really have 400 Blows. Everything I read about this movie was a total delusion, but I could not interest myself. I'm sure it was as revolutionary in filmmaking as all the critics say, but when it comes down to it, it's really boring. Maybe it's the language barrier, maybe I'm not just "sensitive" or "artistic" enough, but whatever the case, I hated this movie. The story itself is not bad; is about a young Frenchman who is treated unfairly by his parents and his teachers and eventually he ends up in a juvenile institution. That alone should be interesting, and it was, at first. There was nothing wrong with the dialogue, but again, it's hard to say because half the conversations were not subtitled and for no apparent reason, so I did not always know what was happening. But for the dialogue we could understand, it made a lot of sense. The actors were quite credible, but it's hard to say what a real person would do in those situations. So you feel for the main character, but only in the sense that when he gets into trouble you think, well, that sucks. The plot is not even your typical plot. Every time he gets in trouble, he gets in more trouble than last time, but the reasons never vary much. And throughout the movie you realize that there's nothing the main character can really do about it. So it's more like just waiting to see how it ends. The end, by the way, was completely over my head. It's very artistic to me, and I just do not get it. Taking it all the way was easy to follow. The structure was certainly there, and it also made sense, but everything was really exhausted. For the amount of dialogues and significant moments, the film could have been a shorter hour. It just is not over. Part of it was the unnecessarily long shots, none of which were especially memorable; for example, the ending was a clip of the main character who walked a country road that lasted a good thirty seconds. Now, I'm sure it had some deeper meaning somewhere, but for the average viewer, I'd rather have gotten up to get more food during that time. Or at least I did something a bit more useful than sit and watch this kid running, like washing my clothes or taking a nap. <br /> <br /> The feeling throughout the movie was that it would probably be very touching and incredible, and it would teach me a great life lesson if I could get what Was the director trying to say for yours? decisions. As it was, I just felt cheated for a good two hours of my life.
