This movie also known as "the four hundred strokes" is a translation error. "The 400 strokes" means "to live a wild life." As a Frenchman, I am shocked when I see the popularity of this good movie, but by no means remarkable. "Agnes Varda (1956)" Hiroshima mon amour "by Alain Resnais (1958)," le beau sarge "by Claude Chabrol (1958) was sometimes heavy and difficult in its predecessors: during the night, Julien Duvivier, Henri-George Clouzot, Claude Autant-Lara, Yves Allégret, and many others were doomed to oblivion. never heard (or read) the great generation of the thirties (Renoir, Carné, Grémillon, Duvivier, Feyder) laughs, say, Maurice Tourneur or Max Linder, so thanks to Truffaut and co, some people will never discover a few pearls of the years 50 or 40 French ("sous le ciel de Paris" of Duvuvier, "douce" by Autant-Lara, "une si jolie petite plage" and "manèges" by Yves Allégret). He even went so far as to say that William Wyler, Georges Stevens, and Fred Zinemann were useless! 3. "Les 400 coups" is technically quite disappointing: it is very academic, the storyline is as linear as possible, the teachers are caricatures, and the mother Claire Maurier offers such memorable lines as (you have to be a French about of 1960 to understand how ridiculous): Well, your father has only his brevet (elementary school diploma) and, as for me, I only have my high school diploma! You have to know 1960, almost 10% of students had HSD in France! Antoine Doinel should be proud of her mother, after all, she wants him to have diplomas, who can blame her? 4. Compared with the innovations of "Hiroshima mon amour", which presents a new form, and a new "fragmented" content, "les 400 coups" pales in significance. Truffaut will dominate a new form only with the highly superior "Jules" and Jean-Pierre Léaud, unquestionably listened to in English, is still decent, but will soon degenerate into the most affected of his generation. ("Poil de carotte" by Julien Duvivier, "los olvidados" by Luis Bunuel) and will have later ("l'enfance nue" by Maurice Pialat, "Kes" by Kenneth Loach) that I do not want to downgrade Truffaut, his film is not bad, but frankly, French film fans prefer "Jules and Jim" "l'enfant sauvage" (an honest, true and commercially inflexible film to a flaw) "l'argent de poche "(as academic as" 400 strokes "but much more racism) or his beautiful Hitchcock pastiche "vivement dimanche". <br /> <br />
