It is an axiom of Frank Zappa that "musical journalism is people who can not write interviewing people who can not speak for people who can not read." If you've ever needed proof that musicians can not talk, this is the movie for you. Repeated attempts at depth stumble in themselves to end in monosyllabic comments uttered in terrified voices: "Wow." (Thanks, Idris Muhammed.) This film is pretentious, but while much of Youssou N'Dour's pontificate and gang of gay men (and a symbolic woman) irritates, music saves the day. <br /> <br /> The main idea behind the movie (which I consider to be the main idea, drawn from the inarticulate commentary) is interesting. Bring together a group of musicians from America and Europe and take them on a journey through the different styles of music that grew in and out of slavery, back to their roots in West African music, and a concert at the old slave fort of Gorée off the coast of Senegal. We are treated with gospel, blues, jazz and variations of these, including some fantastic percussions in both New Orleans and Senegal. There is also a good part of N'Dour's own compositions. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, that is another weakness. It is never quite clear what N'Dour himself wants to achieve. To some extent, the film seems to be an exercise in self-promotion by N'Dour. He wants to play his own music, has shaken himself up to some extent, and introduced himself to a group of musicians he admires. He is clearly a little embarrassed by this and at the beginning of the film gets the blessings of the curator of Gorée's museum. <br /> <br /> The confrontation between the different agendas manifests itself in several other places. For example, someone obviously felt that it was not possible to tell the story of black music without involving a gospel choir, but N'Dour and most of his companions are Muslims (a point repeated throughout the film). The whole first sequence involving black Christians is uncomfortable and so they disappear from the story until the intimate harmony group (the only black Christians who can hold a tone?) Appears in Dakar at the end of the film. (To be fair, they appear triumphantly and feature the best piece of the film.) If the history of black music must lean toward the gospel, why not also in the direction of Latin America? Where are the black musical influences of the Caribbean and Brazil? Samba? Reggae? Then there is Europe. Here the black diaspora does not seem to have produced any musician of caliber, since N'Dour chose to write in Austrian guitar and a trumpeter of Luxembourg. Are they on the team just because N'Dour has played with him before? What I personally found most irritating, however, was the long sequence that tried to recreate a sort of cultural event from the 60s beatnik / black power / Nation of Islam at the home of Amir Baraka in New York (also known as Leroi Jones). Listening to people talk about the importance of "knowing their history" and then in the next breath, perpetuate ignorance. Why do so many African Americans believe that taking an Arab name is an affirmation of their African roots? And why do they think that Arab Islam is far more admirable than European Christianity? Who do they think established the African slave trade in the first place? The film does not have much to say about the situation in West Africa today, other than the triviality that "the present conditions" are a consequence of all the brightest and best that have been sent for 300 years. The Senegalese seem to be a poor, but happy, talented, friendly and welcoming musical people, respectful of their elders (and not above undressing American visitors at the fish market). Is this ethnic stereotype or just my imagination? There are no comments on the armed guard that N'Dour and the film crew seem to need in the opening sequence as they walk the streets of Dakar. <br /> <br /> There is also a strong implication in the film that the slaves who were taken from Dakar came from Dakar. The resemblance between New Orleans' percussion folk style and Senegal's folk style is cited as evidence. The last thing the slaves heard before being dispatched was the battery of their homeland, saying goodbye. Except, of course, that slaves sent from Dakar generally did not come from Dakar. They were captured or traded inland by the coastal Senegalese and sold to traders of any European power who currently held the Gorée slave fort. The people of Dakar are not descendants of Africans who escaped the slave trade, are they so likely? more probable ?? be descended from the people who sold their black brothers to slavery and exile. <br /> <br /> The two themes clash again in the final part of the movie. There are two separate endings. On the one hand, the concert that N'Dour and Co have rehearsed and prepared along the way and deliver to the courtyard of Gorée's slave fort. The other side comes when the Harmony Harmoneers sing the spiritual "Return to Glory" at the entrance to the sea of ​​the slave fort. This is deeply moving, even if it is hard to believe that performance is as spontaneous as it sounds. <br /> <br /> This is a movie that is flawed. It is unclear what story you are trying to tell and pulled in different directions. Irritating, confusing, beautiful and emotional in turns. See (listen) to music and feeling, but do not expect enlightenment or intellectual rigor.
