I loved "The Curse of Frankenstein" so much that I ran to get "Frankenstein Must Be Destroyed" to see Cushing again ... even if it was without Chistopher Lee this time. To my great disappointment, this movie not only does without Lee, but does without the Frankenstein monster completely! It was a case of "If we can not get Lee, we will not have a monster"? Why would they do that? The monster is half the fun of the whole thing !! This film is devoted exclusively to the study of Baron Frankenstein and his quest to end the experiments he had begun in brain transplants before ending up in an asylum. I found the script extremely weak, with the need to suspend forced disbelief over the audience a little too much. I'm willing to suspend a fair amount, but this movie was pretty ridiculous, which got me out of the movie instead of immersing myself in it. <br /> <br /> Peter Cushing, however, is absolutely brilliant playing the pure evil in this movie. For being one of the most beloved actors and notoriously sweet men, he could certainly interpret menacing and malevolent extremely well. The supporting cast is competent, but has little to do, even the young doctor and his fiancee blackmailed to help Frankenstein. A bumbling police chief is introduced, along with his helper, to generate some comic relief, so they are completely abandoned from the movie! Because? We are led to believe that the chief of police will be the Baron's main enemy, then we are led to believe that he will be the young doctor, and then he ends up being the victim of Frankenstein's brain transplant experiment. There was no tension, we were not invested in the "creature," and the ending was left so ambiguous as to leave one unsatisfied because it is so clear that they are setting up another sequel. <br /> <br /> There are virtually no "horror" elements. Yes, there is a decapitation at the beginning (off the camera), and we are treated with the sounds of Cushing cutting the tops of two-man skulls (again, off-camera), and there is the most unsettling and completely unnecessary rape scene. (90% of which is again off-camera). I understand that there is a love of "letting the public imagine everything, because their imaginations are much worse than what we can show", but come on, if you will not give us a Monster, then at least let us SEE the few elements "horrible" you choose to include. Showing us a skeleton in the laboratory lit by a green light is not scary. <br /> <br /> On top of a weak script, I found the direction to be basically flat. There were some cool scenes, but otherwise, no excitement, atmosphere, or suspense was generated. The same director did "Curse" in 1958 and I thought it was brilliantly directed ... I think he was as little inspired by this movie as I was. <br /> <br /> The film earns 4 out of 10 from me strictly for Peter Cushing's powerful and differentiated performance ... plus, I found little in this movie that was worth recommending. Instead, my suggestion is to watch "The Curse of Frankenstein" and see a really great horror movie.
