Even in 1942, the standards of film production that the presenter HER CARDBOARD LOVER presented were dated to the extreme. The machinations of one-half of a pair (husband / wife, ex-husband / ex-wife) to bring the other back to the threat of marriage to another, divorce, or eventual separation through jealousy, humiliation, or other Schemes were made much better in classics like HIS GIRL Friday and THE PHILADELPHIA STORY. Both films feature women with a strong, indomitable screen presence who played independent proto-feminist characters. In both films, both women were separated / divorced from their first husbands and married to colorless men who were just the opposite of them, and both would be deceived into rejecting their future husbands and rekindling their passion for The Plot in HER CARDBOARD LOVER Mute the genre: here, it's Norma Shearer in the role of Cary Grant, this time to fend off an ex-boyfriend (George Sanders) by hiring Robert Taylor to pose as his gigolo. The problem is that Shearer is too old to play a more appropriate role for an actress in her early twenties; Sanders is as involved as a piece of furniture - any man who was in love with his bride, seeing a strange man coming out of his bathroom like here, would turn out the lights and cause a huge scene. Not here. And Robert Taylor does his part as if he's trying to channel Cary Grant half the time, not in speech inflections, but in essence. <br /> <br /> But the worst part is Shearer. For an actress accustomed to pieces that gave her a sense of intellectual sensuality and dramatic presence, playing Consuelo Craydon seems to put her in total exaggeration, excessive emotion and exaggerated gestures that, although still part of her style. to act and more appropriately, ten years earlier, makes her look like an extremely educated artist tearing the joke out of a situation like a rather dry sponge. This only fuels the fires that tell the theory that gives Irving Thalberg the creator of his career and choice of roles (most of it); why she passed roles like Charlotte Vale and Mrs. Miniver in mega-hits NOW VOYAGER and MRS. MINIVER is a mystery, but again most reports also state that by now she had just gotten out of control, that she had lost interest in the whole thing, and it is no secret that someone who has experienced this kind of thing essentially lost focus and can not wait until retirement or the end of a contract is about to leave as soon as possible. Such could be the case here. She looks lost, looks tired, seems uncomfortable, passing the autopilot instead of living the role. After this film, she would not do it any more, but would be responsible for discovering Janet Leigh, who would come to herself as a movie star in the late 1940s and the 1960s.
