I could not understand this movie most of the time, and no one else could, based on other reviews. The opening scene of this movie has practically nothing to do with the rest of the story. In it, a photojournalist with a big mustache cancels his vacation to escape his girlfriend. He is assigned to photograph a mountain range. There are rumors that he is haunted but I do not know if he heard this from his boss or later in the movie. Along the way, he meets a beautiful writer (Patty Shepard) and convinces her to join him on his work trip. Throughout the movie, there's this terrible soundtrack, made up mostly of loud noises that make you want to scream "SHUT UP NOW !!!" What really will felilia a person is that the film always seems to be about to become good, although this never happens. There are beautiful mountain scenery and a genuinely sinister atmosphere. The inn and the old silent and abandoned buildings scattered about the mountain are quite sinister. Fog nights seem real, not like someone puts an artificial smoke machine on the set. And the idea, though not original, had potential. But that never improves, at least not enough to be worth it. Here's how it goes, more or less. They stop at this inn run by a strange innkeeper (you expect him to be called Igor) with a hearing problem. There is a scene where the writer thinks a pio tone is in the window, but the scene is so dark that he had no idea what was happening. Whether this was bad lighting or a bad movie transfer is unknown to me. Anyway, we never find out what happened. There is a scene in which she wanders during the night. Whether she is sleepwalking or hypnotized by the title witches is never explained. Another scene that is never explained is when the car is stolen, then found again, with nothing stolen. They end up in this seemingly abandoned mountain village, whose only inhabitant is this seemingly kindly old woman. There are other things, including a wild man chained in a cave that is never explained, an attempt to sacrifice the writer in some way (will they kill her or brainwash her?), The witches themselves, a bunch of dark women in white robes that do not appear until the last 15 minutes of the film and whose practices and beliefs are never explained. Even the final scene does not make any sense. When all is said and done, most people will be saying, "Huh?"
