Saying this movie is extremely difficult to follow and so frustrating to sit on is putting it very smoothly. It is also saying that the current available print is dark, somber, scratched, abnormally edited, painfully dubbed, apparently censored, and in almost inaccessible form is also correct. This film is in dire need of a good remastering of the complete, uncut, original negative and seeing how reasonably atmospheric (and won the director of a prize at the Catalan Film Festival), may really be worth it. So again, maybe not ... It's simply impossible to tell in your current condition what kind of movie it really is. It starts quite interesting, if you can discount the completely meaningless opening sequence of pre-credits, which involves a little girl of love to cats and a girl named Gerda. The girls' mother, Carla (Monica Randall, who should have fired the eyeliner a little bit), throws some gasoline in the garage and lights the brat. Apparently as crazy as the young Gerda, she will visit her ex-boyfriend (ex) boyfriend Mario ("John" / Cihangir Caffari). He's on vacation from work, but so desperate to get away from Carla that he begs his employers to prepare him for a task ... any task. She grimaces "You'll be sorry!" while he walks out the door. Well, Mario is assigned to shoot "Witches Mountain" (somewhere in the Pyrenees, I believe). Before arriving at his destination, he sees a hottie on the beach called Delia (Patty Shepard) and takes some pictures of her taking off her bikini. Only slightly irritated, she claims to be a single writer, the two flirt, and then decide that it would be a great idea if they went together for the ascent of the mountain. When they stop in their place so that she can pack, Mario suddenly hears loud and sinister music. Delia says he's just hearing things. <br /> <br /> Then the two start the journey up the mountain, stopping at a local inn for the night. There they find a strange, partially deaf, mad-eyed innkeepers (Victor Israel) and Delia claims that someone was spying here through his window. The next day, in some trance, she wanders the mountain and is eventually spotted by Mario, who leaves his jeep and runs after her. While he is finding out what is happening, someone steals his wheels and they are forced to walk a piece, eventually finding the jeep undamaged at the foot of a small, old, seemingly abandoned village ... almost as if someone was trying intentionally attract them there. Well, as we'll see, that's exactly what happened. In the village they find an old friend named Zanta (Ana Farra), who claims to be the only person who still lives there and lets them stay in their house. Mario takes some photos of the "abandoned" city and when he develops them, they are full of people. A little scared, he and Delia begin to leave and get trapped in the "treacherous" fog and have to stop and camp at night. The rest of the film has to do with voodoo dolls, black cats turning into sexy women, satanic rituals performed by women in their bras and a deadly cliff drop. And yes, coincidentally, Carla, the distant wife, is also one of the witches. It all happens in the semi-darkness, and to be honest, I did not know what the hell was going on most of the time. The inconclusive "open" ending is just a slap in the face of anyone who has to suffer with the rest of this meaningless mess. <br /> <br /> Honestly, there are only a few things that stand out to me as being very good. The first is the actress Shepard, who has the great and mysterious beauty of Barbara Steele. There is also an excellent soundtrack (credited to Fernando Garcia Morcillo) and sung songs, which have helped immensely to make this movie as atmospheric as it is. The location work is pretty decent, but like I said, the print is ugly as it can be and does not make any sense, so continue with caution in this.
