In Europe, it is known as Who Dares Wins; in America, is known as The Final Option, but under any title this ridiculous SAS action movie asks the public to put their disbelief to one side for about two hours. I find it incredibly difficult to understand how Lewis Collins (the hero here) was almost chosen as Roger Moore's successor in the Bond films ... this guy is so expressionless that he would struggle to get a job in a wax museum (as a Fortunately , Judy Davis is available to partially salvage the case with a fleshy performance as a hard-line terrorist, and there is a ten-minute action sequence that is quite competently orchestrated by director Ian Sharp. , too long for these final excitement to come to fruition, and I can not honestly say that a wait of nearly two hours for some decent action was worth the effort. SAS Skier Peter Skellen (Lewis Collins), disguises himself among a group of peace demonstrators who would like to see the end of the plunder of nuclear weapons. He meets his leader Frankie (Judy Davis), a strong and talkative woman who can be able to take extraordinary steps to achieve your goals. Frankie's dedicated group slammed the US embassy in London, demanding that a nuclear missile be fired at a naval base in Scotland (she believes that when the world witnesses a real nuclear explosion, everyone will be so shocked that they will join the campaign disarmament). Unfortunately for Frankie, she makes the mistake of picking up Skellen on her brief foray into the embassy, ​​and he plans to thwart her plan from within with a little outside help from her SAS mates. <br /> <br /> The film is inspired - of course - by SAS 'impressive assault on the Iranian embassy in 1981. Someone who saw this event in the news apparently thought it would be good to create a movie on similar lines. Unfortunately, the film is rather banal, with stupid dialogues and many embarrassingly bad scenes (the arch-bishop's debate descending into a riot, anyone?) Frankie's idea of ​​bringing peace by instigating a nuclear explosion is ridiculous anyway , then she becomes a laughable figure when the audience is on the verge of seeing her as an interesting villain. Who Dares Wins tries to be a celebration of the military legend that is the SAS, but at the same time delves into clumsy cliches of action and ill-conceived conspiracies. The result is a well-intentioned but totally ineffective slice of the boy's own absurdity.
