So this film was hailed, glorified and taken to incredible heights. But in the end what is it really? Many of the ways in which it was made to work for an on-screen audience do not work. Quite academic camera work keeps the signature dazed, and scenes that are in ASL are hard to follow as a result, even for someone who is relatively fluent. The interpretation of the voice of Matlin's dialogue, under the excuse that Hurt's character "likes the sound of his voice," transforms him more and more into a strange distant object as the film continues. Matlin shines in the few scenes where his signature is not partially hidden from view. But, however, most of the film, when it comes to a love story, is only shown from a single point of view, that of man. As Ebert said, "If a story is about the battle of two people on the common ground in which they will communicate, it is not fair to make the whole movie under just one of them." <br /> <br /> The idea that an oralist teacher using methods that have been imposed on many deaf schools for decades would be presented as "revolutionary" is quite insulting in itself. Your character weakens as a credible teacher as the movie continues. Drawing comedy from a deaf accent is, quite honestly, rather low. And his attitude towards male students in his class is rather symptomatic of how he seems to act with women: as a man with a right. A party scene involving a number of deaf people, including some assembled academics, leaves him seemingly isolated, in a way that is quite inconsistent with his credentials: I have seen interpreters spontaneously change to asl among themselves, even when they were not aware of a deaf person who is in the area, and yet somehow he feels like a fish out of the water in an environment that his education should have made him perfectly accustomed. As a lover, he seems to be a typical obstinate boy, including his tendency to act possessively afterwards. And yet, the film is actually only seen through it, since everything your lover says is filtered through your voice. <br /> <br /> The scenes involving the other deaf children are, in general, wallbangers. The broken symbolism fails, the dance scene, the pool scene, even the early scene of sleep that supposedly carries part of it - all those scenes that try to suggest the isolation of the deaf main character are broken metaphors at best: hearing people I know dance in the low beats that deaf people feel (instead of squirming like copulating chihuahuas), and going for a night dive to a person who listens rarely is an excuse to make a deeper statement about the isolation of deafness , seriously, when I go swimming, I go swimming ... <br /> <br /> He also fails to carry the end of the play, instead it becomes a story of a deaf woman who submits to a man strong. Even though the original piece has ended on a more equal ground where both have to accept each other as they are, and where he has to finally recognize his real voice is the movement of his hands, not the vibrations in his throat. <br /> And despite all the breakthrough that seems to have been, Marlee Matlin remains the deaf Hollywood woman to this day.
