There is something in most of us, especially men, who admires some populist films of working class "real men." And Sean Penn suits us with a cherry on top. Many people use Penn as a political kid, but I do not classify movies or actors / directors based on politics or personality. This is what right-wing commentators like the excreta fake movie critic Debbie Schlussel. While acknowledging that he is one of our best actors and a good director, I think this photo was a simplistic piece of purposeless eviction that he has done ever since. <br /> <br /> Okay, you got the gist of it, this is a good cop, a small town soldier, Joe, played against the guy by David Morse, who in the opening scene chases a guy on a country road big cars of the sixties. The bad guy stops, gets out, shoots him, so Joe has to kill him. There was no explanation as to what led this man to do such a violent and desperate thing, and the dead man's parents make a hired man go crazy at the police station while Joe feels very sad and guilty of having to kill someone. So we know that Joe, the farmer forced his land into a police job, is a kind of good, basic guy. Then his brother Frank appears, he is a sadistic, amoral bully, fresh out of the Army and Nam, where war has his bloodlust. Some people here and in other reviews have called him an irresponsible inferno creating his younger brother and Sean was trying to make some point about what our John Wayne culture and war do with good people, but what I saw was an amoral bully and Sadist likes to hurt and rip people off. Then there's Mom and Dad, Marsha Mason and Charles Bronson, who make the necessary turn as a country couple, then die; her for illness and he for shotgun suicide, to advance the story for us. Both times Frank the crook is far from being a miserable SOB. But good Joe brings him back to Podunksville from prison, so Frank can straighten his life by welding bridges and living with his pregnant wife, utterly dumb and glaring. But Joe has a good wife, played by Italian actress Valeria Golina who is Mexican and Sean uses it as an affirmative action beautifying exercise of good Joe and his real soulfulness under his uniform and crew cut. To me, this was an utterly meaningless affirmative action subframe that Sean uses to polish his tough chromosomes by sucking the Mexicans because Mexicans are so tough and cool. <br /> <br /> But Frank is bad and we have the requirement events like stealing a friend's car, stealing a gas station beating the clerk in the head, then burning the car and all those cool things that the creators of the hell do. Then there's the obligatory flashbacks of young Joey's 8mm childhood moving the lawn and the cowboy dressed with Franky jumping on his back and struggling with him and yadda yadda so everyone knows that deep bond exists between the two. <br /> <Thus, the film snakes with a lot of schlock from the small town to warm the heart of any red stater. Accompanying the film was a great soundtrack to good 1960s songs like Jefferson Airplane and Janis Joplin, which were totally inappropriate, except for the effect of the 60s era, to win the hearts of older hippies. The worst offense is that since the movie was inspired by a Springsteen song, "The Highway Patrolman," that song was not included. <br /> <br /> So Joe's brain-dead woman goes into labor and Joe rushes to the bar to be charged and blow up some people's discussion of how difficult things are, while the good Joey arrives to drag him to his wife. The good bartender Ole Ceasar, played by Dennis Hopper. Then Viggo - Frank runs off for no particular reason and beats his friend Ceasar to death after Joe the cop leaves. <br /> <br /> So Joe chased his big brother and I was so hopeful that he would do the same. right thing and breath that threaten society away. Instead we have a scene where his brother stops in front of him in an old 50's junk on some lonely road at night, and the little Franky in his cowboy suit and cap gets out of the car to face the good Joe, the boy flashback 8mm sequel to home movies. Oy, such dreck! So to culminate this drunk sap festival, there is some crap zen on the Indian corridor, who is a messenger, becomes the message, ala Marshall MacLuhen? See what I mean, Sean did a lot better than that, so do not be afraid to miss this one.
