If my memory is correct, when this movie was released, it was a kind of comedy - a funny look for the adult entertainment industry. If this is what it should be, it really does not work. It's not so funny. Leaving aside this rather significant flaw (as this is called comedy!) Aside, since I have no personal knowledge of the subject, I will avoid commenting on the authenticity of the story - which deals with the events behind the scenes in a Toronto masseuse, except to say that - if this is true - life is very boring. <br /> <br /> For over an hour, this movie does not really give us much, except some prior knowledge of the main characters. Conrad is the newly hired massage salon manager whose basic job is apparently to make sure the girls are not doing "full service" - a euphemism for real sex. As for the girls themselves, Betty's goal is to buy her own salon so she can run her own business, Cindy is an illegal immigrant to Canada working to support her family at home, and Leah is - well, Leah is a bit strange, undefined character with a nipple fetish - true - who seems to be in business because - well, because she's in it! I have no idea what your character was. These three very reasonable characters can accurately represent the motivations of the women who get involved in this business. <br /> <br /> The film snakes and does not offer much until the "twist" reveals that Conrad is the bad guy. We should have gotten to that point sooner. The only really interesting thing here was that part of the story - Conrad's secret plot and vengeance conspired against him by the girls. This plan of revenge was very good, and you are grateful when it comes out, because basically up to that point you are wondering why you wasted your time with it. If the story had been more focused on revenge, this could have been a really funny movie. <br /> <br /> The performances of the 4 leaderships were all OK, although I do not think anyone has appeared as exceptional. All four characters were a bit superficial. Cindy was a nice character, and so was Conrad for a while, although he turned out to be the bad guy in the movie. Given the subject, there is surprisingly little nudity (and what exists is restricted to a scene). In fact, there is even a certain air of innocence about it. As for the overall quality of the film, it's a low budget effort, which shows, although you expect a certain obscenity, I suppose, from a movie set in the context of a body-massage room, which is forgivable. Certainly it says something though, that this was released eight years ago and is still the only credit over the scriptwriter-director Soo Lyu's curriculum and - given the normal lack of depth in the Canadian film industry - which was not even considered worthy of being nominated to any Genie Awards - the Canadian version of the Oscar. 4/10 - and I'm being kind of generous about it.
