Announced as a kind of sequel to The Full Monty about unemployed men in Sheffield, this movie is fake. As someone born in Sheffield, and still with connections to the city, I was extremely disappointed with this film. Someone said it could have been set in Oklahoma, and that sums it all up for me. This looked like a romantic view of the north of England made for the US market. Probably many Americans - and many Southern English - do not realize that Sheffield is a large city with about half a million inhabitants, with a sophisticated urban culture. In Among Giants was portrayed as a semi-rural, lifeless town where everyone in Sheffield seemed to drink in the same old-fashioned pub, and where the idea of ​​a party was line dancing in some village. it seems. This was a small united community, not a metropolitan city. Sheffield's working-class men were totally different from their real-life colleagues, who are generally moody and communicate in grunts and briefs. dry observations. They do not babble, and certainly do not sing in choirs. Even the rural environment, supposedly in the Peak District, seemed strange to me. I recognized some places where I used to go hiking, but some of the aerial posts taken over a dark landscape reminded me more of Wales. In fact, in the credits at the end I saw a reference to Gwynedd in Wales. The Peak District is, in summer, full of walkers and tourists in cars. It is situated between two large cities. It's not some kind of desert. As for the notion that a young woman might fall in love, and after having desire, Pete Postlethwaite, that was ridiculous, and it could only have been a male dream. His reasons for becoming his mistress were never apparent. None of the men were shown to have a partner or families; they existed in a vacuum. <br /> <br /> Anyone who wants to see a movie about unemployed Sheffielders would have been cheated. This Sheffield existed only in the minds of its writers and middle-class filmmakers. <br /> <br /> It was a gigantic farce! <br /> <br />
