I got this stinking drug from a movie recently on a cable channel, and I remembered how terrible I thought it was in 1980 when it first came out. Many critics out there are not old enough to remember the enormous enthusiasm surrounding this film and the fight between Stanley Kubrick and Steven King. The enormously popular novel had legions of fans eager to see a so-called "master" director putting this supernatural story into multiple layers on the screen. "Salem's Lot" had already been ruined in the late 1970s as a TV miniseries, directed by Tobe Hooper (he was famous for "Texas Chainsaw Massacre") and was poorly managed, turning the book's main villain into a "Chiller Theater ". "Vampire without any real threat, thus destroying the whole premise." The fans hoped that a director of Kubrick's stature succeeded where Hooper failed. "That did not happen." Of course, this movie looks great and has a Jack Nicholson Jack Nicholson Jack Nicholson Jack Nicholson Jack Nicholson Jack Nicholson Jack Nicholson Jack Nicholson Jack Nicholson Jack Nicholson Jack Nicholson Jack Nicholson Jack Nicholson Jack Nicholson Jack Nicholson Jack Nicholson Jack Nicholson Jack Nicholson Jack Nicholson Jack Nicholson Jack Nicholson Jack Nicholson Jack Nicholson Jack Nicholson Jack Nicholson Jack Nicholson Jack Nicholson Jack Nicholson Jack Nicholson Jack Nicholson Dick Halloran, the character of Scatman Crothers, was an essential part of the film, and here he is Johnny! but Kubrick kills him in one of the most shocking sequences of "shock" ever placed in the film.I remember the audience in the theater that I've seen it boo over and over for the last 45 minutes of this miserable movie, those who stayed like this many left King's books really never translate well into movies, since many of the narratives occur internally to their characters, and often metaphysically. Kubrick dismissed the tension between the living and the dead in favor of the style here, and the resulting mess ends so far from the original material that we ultimately do not care what happens to who. <br /> <br /> This movie still stinks and why so many think it's a horror masterpiece is beyond me.
