WARNING: This scan contains SPOILERS. Do not read if you do not want some points revealed to you before watching the movie. <br /> <br /> With such a cast, you wonder if the actors and actresses knew exactly what they were getting into. Did they see the script and said, "Hey, Close Encounters of the Third Degree was such a success that this can not fail." Unfortunately, this happens. Did they even think about verifying the credentials of the director? I mean, would you make a movie with the director of a movie called 'Satan's Cheerleaders?' Greydon Clark, who was later to direct the infamous 'Final Court', did so. This makes you wonder how people from the Mystery Science Theater 3000 could hammer "Final Justice" and completely miss "The Return". <br /> <br /> The movie takes place in a small town in New Mexico. A boy and a girl are out in the street unsupervised one night when a powerful flashlight lights up. A spaceship appears and hangs over them. In probably the worst sequence of special effects of the film, the ship casts some kind of red paint on them. It looked like Clark had held a glass of water from the camera lens and dipped the dripping pen into it, so now you're treated with cheese. Anyway, the ship leaves and adults do not believe in children. Elsewhere, we see Vincent Schiavelli, whom I consider a great actor (watch his scenes in Ghost as proof that they are excellent), who is playing a prospector, or as I called him, the Miner of 1949. He leaves the cave where he is, and he and his dog are covered by the ship. Twenty-five years pass and the girl grew up to be Cybill Shepherd, who works with her father, Raymond Burr, in the study of unusual climatic phenomena. Or something like this. Shepherd sees some strange phenomena in satellite imagery over that little New Mexico city, and she travels there to search for it. Once she arrives there, local farmers harass her and blame her for the recent mutilations of cattle that are happening, and Vice Jan-Michael Vincent comes to her rescue. From that point on, the film really drags on as the two quickly fall on each other, especially after Vincent drives away the places and informs Shepherd that he was the little boy who saw the ship with her twenty-five years earlier. While this boring mess is happening, Vincent Schiavelli, with his killer dog at his side, is walking killing the cattle and anyone he encounters with an unusual item. Do you know that those plastic toothpicks sell for Halloween jokes, the kind you shake to make them shine? Schiavelli uses what appears to be one of those luminous sticks to burn incisions in people. It is the second worst effect of the film. Whenever Schiavelli is on the screen with the luminous stick, the atmosphere of the scene suddenly becomes dark, as the filmmakers felt that the luminous stick needed this improvement. This ends up making the film seem even cheaper than it is. <br /> <br /> And what does all this lead to? It's hard to say when the final, confusing scene comes. You see, Burr and his team of scientists try to explain the satellite imagery that Shepherd encountered as some kind of "business card", but none of it makes sense. Why does Shepherd and Vincent act and Schiavelli do not? Schiavelli explains why he is killing cattle and people and why he wants dead Shepherd, but even that does not make much sense when you really think about it. I mean, why does not he kill Jan-Michael Vincent? After all, he was twenty-five years old to do this. And the aliens will not need it if Shepherd is dead anyway, so why try to kill her? Speaking of the aliens, it's never clear what they really wanted from Shepherd and Vincent. What is their purpose? Why do they wait so long to intervene? How could they be so sure Shepherd would come back? Not that the answer to any of these and other questions would make "The Return" more enjoyable. You would still have bad lines, a very bad acting, particularly by Shepherd, cheesy effects and bad direction. Luckily, the stars escaped from this movie. Cybill Shepherd soon passed the star on "Moonlighting" with Bruce Willis. Jan-Michael Vincent came to be featured in dozens of B movies, often in exaggerated parts. Raymond Burr made a pile of Perry Mason television movies until his death. Vincent Schiavelli became a great actor in a large number of films. Martin Landau, who played an eccentric cop, quickly created the fantastic "Alone in the Dark" and the dreadful "The Being" before entering the movies he has been famous for recently. You can bet none of these stars want their careers back to "The Return". Zantara Score: 2 out of 10.
