This could have been a rather entertaining film, but instead he ranks with other duds like leeches and rest to pieces at the bottom of the film food chain. If they had played this ironic movie, it could have been a very entertaining movie, like Re-Animator or Dead ALive, but Juan Piquor Simon is ironic, but more often. <br /> <br /> The premise of this film is a small community that is besieged by mutant slugs. There is an abandoned toxic waste dump near a sewer line that turns the slugs into aggressive and carnivorous monsters - though monsters that move slowly and can be crushed beneath their boot. Health inspector Michael Garfiled and two accomplices are the only people who seem willing to fight the slugs while the sheriff and the mayor think they're crazy. The climax is a riot of laughter - unintentional in that - which makes you scratch your head over how stupid (actors and screenwriter) the scenario of destroying the slugs is. <br /> <br /> HISTORY: $$ (Without new paths Simon seems to interpret the gore elements in an ironic way, but the dialogue is straightforward.If Simon had worked with a clever script - one with many phrases and eccentric characters, this one could have been a cult movie). VIOLENCE: $$$ (You will not be disappointed here.) We have a lot of bursts in the thoracic cavity scenes, as well as a big explosion in the middle of a good Italian restaurant, the blood and guts that many horror moviegoers enjoy. You also get corpses of people who have been cleaned by slugs and many slug-crushing scenes). Michael Garfield seems to know that this script is stinky and he delivers his speeches with a facial expression that suggests he knows how absurd this movie is.No. Terry Kim, like his wife, does a proper job, although she does little more than scream to hold her face as she screams. "Teenagers" were all horrible actors - no exceptions. Man, that movie might have used Bruce Dern or Jeffrey Combs!) < (Two teenagers have sex in bed before being dispatched - in a badly made scene - by a horde of slugs that crawled into the girl's bedroom, both male and female nudity here).
