I am a big fan of Lucius Fulci; many of his films Giallo and splatter are among my all time favorites but this made for TV movie is extremely insignificant and not what I come to expect from the great Italian director. The film is not interesting, as some of Giacomo's more fragile Fulci, or bloody like most of his cult classics; leaving thus missing in both main areas and finally ensuring that the film is not very good. The film works from a plot that has been used many times previously but it is still an idea that always has the chance to cast an interesting story just because it focuses on the afterlife theme which is the final unknown. This film focuses on Giorgio Mainardi; A man who is not exactly appreciated and after he dies of an apparent bleeding in the stomach, there are not many people who are sad to see him go away. This means that his ghost is trapped somewhere between life and the afterlife, and so he decides to try to get to the bottom of his death, and his only ally in that effort is his daughter. <br /> <br /> The video I saw this movie is proudly proclaimed that the movie is "in the style of HP Lovecraft," and this is one of the most brazen attempts to sell a movie I've ever seen. There is nothing to remember the great horror writer in this story, and the reason for this slogan seems to be the similarity of the title to Stuart Gordon / Lovecraft's "From Beyond" - which is much better. The film benefits from a distinctly Italian style, and the result is quite good. Unfortunately, however, Fulci thought it all right to bake each scene - and so the subject quickly became annoying. The plot unfolds in a very boring way, and most scenes simply involve the ghost "desperately" trying to figure things out, or the daughter putting her suspicions about the members of her family. This movie was made for Italian TV and so it's not surprising that it's all pretty harmless. There is a bit of blood and a nightmare sequence with zombies; but this is not the Fulci we all know and love. Overall, this film is extremely mediocre and is not a good representation of Fulci's talents. It's not worth bothering unless you're a Fulci completist.
