Now I myself am a lover of the B movie genre, but this piece of crap insults me endlessly. First of all, the film stars Lizzy McGuire's brother as the annoying kid looking for his lost 3-legged dog. Now, please, what kind of dumb ass confuses a three-legged dog with a damn mutant crocodile, please, I ask you? And here's another point to ponder, why do they show the Dinocroc in the back of the movie box being huge and really in the water? I believe that if the memory serves the thing spent about 2.6 minutes in the water and was only shy of 6 feet tall, it was a heart breaker. But to redeem the qualities of this film was that it was so bad that I almost died of laughter, because I believe that the bad acting made me wish death. But the fact is that once again this thing is created by another military testing site to train super crocodiles for military combat or something like that from the source of all the evil things of the E.V.I.L Corporation. And let's not forget the characters, let's see that we have the 1 as the main male and half decent girl (who does not know how to act) as the woman who led this I say WOW! The only thing worse than acting was the end of the course, the heroes spend what seems like two hours talking and planning a long and elaborate way of killing the dinocroco just to fail and kill him in a common way that could have taken around 15 seconds to appear. After all, this movie went beyond gay, with its operatic music randomly in the background and the fact that it was probably the gayest of all CGI monsters ever made along with the fact that it was impermeable to bullets and bombs. were made for the military DUH!). By far the best scene was when Lizzy McGuire's brother came into the shack and the dinocroc ate ​​it, making his head explode with a popping noise that I might add. I think it would be better to shoot between the eyes and watch Dinocroc. And as for the director, I believe we should get a group of people to hang him with a bow and everyone take turns kicking him in the groin for wasting an hour and a half of our lives until he finally dies and then I can stay alive .
