"Plan B" is strictly for numbers, except for one thing. I surprisingly found it very insulting. Jon Cryer is the "star" of this film and plays his usual, selfish, selfish, arrogant character who was really catchy in "Pretty In Pink" and has not been entertaining ever since. Grating does not even begin to describe his performance. Ricky (Mark Matheisen) is a muscular, blond, and struggling actor who (panting!) Only cares about his hair and fucks. Talk about a stock character ... ugh. At least the other three characters are a little cute. Lisa Darr and Lance Guest play a solitary, optimistic and supportive couple who are struggling to conceive. Since they are not queens of drama whiny, however, their roles are apparently considered boring and they do not get enough time on the screen. Sara Mornell completes the cast by playing Gina, her nice and beautiful young woman who can not find the right partner in love. I've seen this character a million times before, but at least his performance overcomes some of the shortcomings caused by the predictability of his situation. <br /> <br /> What surprised me about this movie was its youthful promotion of stereotypes. They introduced a Russian character for the sole purpose of mocking him and making fun of the way he spoke. He was portrayed as being wild, ignorant and incredibly shallow. They were just warming up despite the usual nonsense about gays. Gina decides to be gay for a while, since she is not having any luck with the guys. Honestly. This was not so bad except they actually went overboard when Gina brought a lesbian to a Christmas party her friends were playing. His lesbian girlfriend had very short hair (as I'm sure all the lesbians do). She was also very upset (as I'm sure all lesbians do) when Gina had the guts to wear lipstick (!). Finally, her meeting revolves around the party, hitting almost all the women there, and Bina expresses her disappointment. Of course, we all know how gay people can not stay faithful for a couple of hours, let alone months or even years, right? (Please note the sarcasm in that statement.) <br /> <br /> This film was based on a tired and predictable premise to begin with, but Cryer's unpleasant performance combined with idiot stereotypes drowns this film for the lower depths of cinema. 2/10
