Imagine that by adapting a James Bond novel to a movie, the filmmakers have eliminated all the action and suspense to make it ideal for children. Or if a television producer told Chris Rock that he could not curse so that his specials could be classified as PG. Similarly, the director of the movie "Something Wicked This Way Comes" took the excitement and melancholy in favor of the melodrama to the younger audience. This created a monotonous plot without the complications of the book. By trying to make the story of "Something Wicked This Way Comes" easier for children to follow, filmmakers have eliminated the theme of good and evil, both existing in all, and always prevailing over evil. This is evident in the transformation of Will's character, Jim's rescue of Charles Halloway, and the carnival's defeat. Will's transformation into a more adventurous boy was silenced in the film. The scene in which the powder witch visits Will's house in a balloon has been cut from the film. Instead, a green haze follows Jim and Will home and gives them the same nightmare about the witch and her spiders. The balloon attack shows us that Will began to conquer his fear of doing things alone. He stands on top of a neighbor's roof and rips the balloon with a bow, defeating the witch. This time it's me, alone, "Will decides as he prepares to face her (147.) Removing this scene from the movie prevents us from understanding that Will is becoming more adventurous. The movie shows us many examples of Will being afraid to follow Jim, but never grow curious as his friend. In the book, Will has a good, quiet side and an "evil" side, bold, like his Jim. In the movie, each boy has only one way of thinking, which destroys the Bradbury theme that both good and evil are present in each person. In the book, Will saves Jim because of his friendship, but in the movie, Charles Halloway saves Jim to pay for Jim's father. Will takes Jim out of the carousel of Bradbury's novel because he does not want his best friend to grow without him. It is good in Will, the fact that he cares about his friend, who saves Jim from the evil curse of the carnival. On the merry-go-round, Jim "gestured his other hand to follow the wind, the part of him, the little white, separate part that still resembled their friendship" (269). This shows that there was very well inside Jim, who has the potential to still defeat evil. But when Charles Halloway saves Jim in the movie, he does it to pay the debt he owes to Jim's father, who saved Will when he was a little boy. By changing the motivation to save Jim, the filmmakers ruined Bradbury's original idea that it is good to win against evil. <br /> <br /> At the end of the movie, the carnival is defeated by a tornado and lightning instead of smiles and laughter. When the book ends, Mr. Dark turns into a little boy and Charles Halloway smiles and laughs at him so much that he can not stand and evaporate. In Bradbury's world, evil people feed on fear and can only be defeated by happiness and love. His message is that good will always prevail over evil, but only if that goodness is expressed externally. "Good for evil looks bad," says Charles Halloway as he holds the dying Mr. Dark. "Then I'll only do you good, Jed. I'll just hold you and see you poison yourself" (275). In the movie, Mr. Dark is the only one left in the carousel when lightning strikes him, and he dies. By eliminating the weapon of laughter and smiles, filmmakers imply that bad weather is the most effective way to defeat evil, as if lightning strikes only those who are evil. This takes the main theme from Bradbury's book, which is that doing "good" to others drives away evil. <br /> <br /> Good can always triumph over evil, but trying to make child-friendly movies will always force filmmakers to leave out some of the themes of the books on which they are based. In the movie "Something Wicked This Way Comes," Will does not transform, Will's friendship does not save Jim, and smiles and laughter do not end Carnival. As a result, the filmmakers left out many of Bradbury's main points. The process of adapting a book to a movie often ruins the world the author has established. In the case of this story, Bradbury's scary world of opposing forces of good and evil has been reduced to a simpler, simpler version of himself.
