Before you begin, you need to know that I am a huge fan of many Sonny Chiba movies. His biographical series on the life of his master, Mas Oyama, was incredible and among the best martial arts films of all time, as were most of his Street Fighter movies. The action was virtually uninterrupted and with the possible exception of Bruce Lee (depending on who you ask), he was the greatest martial arts practitioner in the cinema during the 1970s. Because they are so good, I've seen at least 15 of their movies and recently bought a bit more (which I'm in the process of watching). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, despite my love for these films, I am NOT a mind numb zombie who adores the man to the point that I rate EVERY movie as 10. There are some reviews like this one here on IMDb and I really think anybody who gives this movie a 10 should be ignored because this is such a bad movie from a technical point of view and it's not even close to being Chiba's best work. A score of 10 is not a real rating - it's a zombie fan trying to make a statement about Chiba, not this movie! Like I said, technically this movie sucks. Part of it was the result of having seen the American version dubbed, with its irrelevant prologue and bad dubbing. But most of the problem would still exist with the original Japanese impression. The camera work is simply atrocious - as it was done by chimpanzees (intelligent chimpanzees, but still chimpanzees). Often, much of the quick action of the martial arts is lost because the camera is so slow or the heads of the actors' heads are cut due to the lack of production quality. And again and again the camera comes in and out as if it were a new toy being used by an idiot, plus the editing is beyond misery - with cuts being made in a messy and confused way. <br /> <br /> I do not know if the musical score is original or not - but it was also very, very bad. A kind of acid rock from the 1970s mixed up badly with Ennio Morricone's "Spaghetti Western" - it was annoying, disturbing and just plain silly. <br /> <br /> As for the martial arts action, I think that making chimpanzees the choreography would have improved things a bit. Instead of the big fight scenes you'd expect in a Chiba movie, the fights are very brief and often missed by the camera !! So what's left is the story ... and this could be the worst part of the movie! It's supposed to be an anti-drug movie starring Sonny Chiba as ... Sonny Chiba! And when the film starts, it promises to destroy the drug trade in Japan. But the Mafia (complete with no member who looks Italian but who are all Japanese) promises to stop Chiba. And when a lady arrives in Chiba with promises to give her information on how to destroy the drug trade, he agrees to help her and risk her life without conditions - even if she has never told him what she knows! In fact, it turns out later that she is just trying to use Chiba to protect her while she herself sells a huge cocaine-filled folder - and he CONTINUES trying to protect her !! This makes no sense at all and for most of the movie it seems they simply filmed the movie without a script - like when they went to bars and brothels and made Chiba walk like he was drunk. <BR> So, if it was so bad, why does it still deserve a 3? Well, first, there are many more horrible martial arts films (like many in Hong Kong in the 1970s) - including one with expensive kung fu gorilla dresses and their 3-foot-long handlers that they wore fighting (now this is bad). Second, while the action is pretty bad compared to other Sonny Chiba movies, compared to his contemporaries, it's not that bad. Still, you could easily do a lot better than this awful little movie. <br /> <br /> By the way, if you're wondering if this is Sonny Chiba's worst movie, it certainly is not! In one of his early films, NEPTUNE BOYS INVASION, Chiba plays a superhero wearing a mesh that fights nebula-headed invaders from planet Neptune. It's so bad it rivals PLAN 9 FROM OUTER SPACE and they saved HITLER'S BRAIN by horror. <br /> <br /> A final note to parents - Like most Sonny Chiba movies, this one is very violent and has its share of breasts. Do not let little children watch this, no matter how much they beg! Make them wait until they get older before letting them watch miserable R-rated martial arts movies!
