The best thing you can say about this movie is that if you're a Sonny Chiba fan, this movie gives you a lot of it. Chiba makes speeches; Chiba poses; Chiba mocks; Chiba looks at the camera; Chiba soca and kicks live sushi from a bunch of bandits; Chiba sits on sofas and chairs and looks pensive / thoughtful; Chiba drives his car ... <br /> <br /> I like Chiba as an actor and martial artist ... but even for a Chiba fan, this movie may have a little too much of Sonny Chiba. It is obviously a kind of vanity vehicle for him. And no, I would not put "Street Fighter" in the same category because in "SF" he plays a ruthless and amoral anti-hero and he shares the camera with an intriguing cast of friends and foes. Here he is in front and center almost all the time, and he tries to be Batman, Captain America and Bruce Lee in one. Toshiro Mifune and Chow Yun Fat have not been able to do this all through the feature film, and Sonny kind of welcomes. At least he could have changed his clothes from time to time. <br /> <br /> The film is further messed up by an entirely gratuitous and poorly made introductory sequence (apparently placed in front of the film for the film). American version) and a goofy joy "(" Viva !! Chiba !! Viva !! Chiba !!) that starts things with the wrong foot. There are some amazingly amateur and inappropriate stunts - Sonny (or his usual English substitute) apparently did not bother making the vocals for the American version, so they got a poor drug with a voice and a totally different and softer dialect that is quite shocking coming from the face we all know and love from "Street Fighter". <br /> <br /> Even with all these flaws and overexposure, this may still be a minor classic, but camera work and fighting scenes are hopelessly extravagant. I'm willing to believe that Karate really works if someone as incredible as Chiba's character is, but the director and cameraman made their bets by cutting and editing fight scenes with a weed invader so you can not really see what is happening. happening most of the time. Not bad at all: there are some decent photos and compositions, and there is at least one memorable moment and a nightmare in which bad guys appear in the customer's room in a genuinely inventive way. <br /> <br /> And as for the real plot ... forget it. For a "bodyguard", Chiba's character is kind of an idiot. The script depends on him making mistakes and carelessness that repeatedly put him (and his "client") into dangerous situations so he can fight them, and after 30 minutes, even the most gullible judgment thinks that this guy is supposed to be good. (Also, if your character was really off to destroy the Japanese drug dealing, he would have taken his client by his neck 10 minutes in the script and shook it until his teeth beat like a chestnut until she spilled his little secrets ... and a lot of deaths and nonsensical conflicts would have been avoided.) Still, as a whole, this movie is far from the bottom of the barrel. It's still Sonny Chiba, and he's still fun to watch. I paid a buck to get this out of the bargain of DVDs in a big local market, and I think it was worth watching once.
