This is easily one of the worst martial arts movies I've ever seen, and that's saying something. The chant of living Chiba, alive Chiba is heard in the title, soon you will be singing to yourself stupid, stupid. The basic story is that the mafia is using drugs in Japan and a man vowels to stop them, of course it is our man Sonny Chiba. The karate master offers his service to anyone who can provide information about drug kingpins. A woman comes forward and he becomes the bodyguard, but what are his true intentions? Let me tell you who cares right now? Soon we are treated or tortured by a series of badly choreographed fights and a lame plot that becomes increasingly laughable at every moment. Sonny finally erases the bad guys with their karate skills, end of story. Ah yes the woman was corrupt too. Congratulations, you may have just watched the funniest movie of all time. <br /> <br /> As I said, this is one of the worst martial arts movies I've ever seen. What makes it semi-watchable is to see just how poorly made a movie can be. Some have already mentioned the infamous American introduction in the film. This is probably the most fun part of the movie and it's more than funny. I would agree that it is worth watching just to see how the 70's karate scene was weak at the time. Watch as Aaron Banks leaves a guy hanging by his balls, then turns a fat student (bad edition) punching him in the throat. But everything is badly done in this movie. Terrible fights unbelievable, fake I mean fake blood, bad acting, dubbing, wardrobe, and let's not forget the story. A man to take away a whole drug problem in one country? I bet. Fight after fight is laughable. This was the 70's when people still believed karate was effective in a fight, but Chiba brings it to new levels with some of the nonsense put into this movie. Let's see he kicks a gun in the middle, kicks a guy so hard it looks like the dentures fall off and, of course, cutting off the bottle scene, give me some time. Not to mention the fact that it is very difficult to tell what happens in the fights because it is filmed so badly. One part that was amusing was when he broke guys arm through the door giving him a composite fracture. IT'S OK. As the action continues, we are treated with drops of blood, really fake blood. Too much to say that looked poorly done is euphemism. The acting is totally non-existent in this film. I do not expect much from a movie of this caliber anyway, as long as the action is good, but it was not and, as expected, the voice acting is extremely bad. Was it my imagination or did they dub the Asian go go dancer with a black accent? As expected from a wardrobe of the 70's, you'll be in laughing views of some of the unpleasant trends and women presented to the free nudity that comes with these movies. Also, why would the Mafia be so obvious and everywhere in which black trenches and hats all the time? Do not try to hide it now. The characters were stupid too. The owner of the pimp club, one of whom is dressed in a Japanese pimp costume and the other with a taste for the head, looks like a fat hippie. Also one last thing that bothered me throughout the movie was the horrible music with some whaling woman. It was very boring. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is a terrible movie, both by martial arts standards and good cinema. That does not mean it's not fun. With such a poorly made film, it's hard not to laugh with most of this movie if you can handle it. This was an old favorite watch with my best friend. If it were purely bad, I would give it a star, but the laughter it gives rise to it. 4 out of 10.
