Lil Bush is a 30 minute cartoon show consisting of 2 15-minute episodes that appear on Comedy Central. It takes place in a fictional Washington caricature in Washington and centers around the satirical and infantile representations of George W. Bush, Condoleeza Rice, Donald Rumsfeld and Dick Cheyney. Other politicians are also satirised in the same way, and act as secondary characters. Little Bush's pilot, much to the expectations of this commentator, has proved to be a rather superficial and esoteric production that barely works. his salient promise: a satirical look at the current presidential administration. Although it should be admitted that the premise of the program has SOME merits, although it is difficult to imagine a spectacle based almost entirely on the defamation of a single political person would survive to continue producing episodes after the end of his term, execution which can only be described as sloppy at best, and absolutely horrible at worst, has marked the little potential that the show had. Lil Bush, which can be technically classified as "satire," tends to disregard actual use of the particular comedy tool in order to reprove its targets in an exceptionally vulgar manner (but not particularly original, amusing or funny). The consistently weak program writing usually consists of little more than recording Bush / Cheney jokes heard elsewhere ad nauseam and putting them all in a single 30 minute television block. As such, most of the jokes presented by the writers were clichés without shame, some of which were already in public circulation for over 6 years. Comparing the vice president with Darth Vader, for example, may have been funny the first 300 times someone heard him in the monologue Daily Show / Colbert Report / Letterman / Conan O'Brien / Leno / any late-night talk show. Always, but not funny here. As if that were not enough, the program's plots seem to exist simply as a means of pushing forward the same old, tiresome Bush jokes that writers made at the center of the show. <br /> <br /> In defense of the show, when writers dare to write an original joke (which seems to be a rarity), she is usually humorous. If the program were to expand its depth a little and put its characters into new, exotic situations, instead of the same old mistakes and "bogs" perpetuated by the Bush administration, so they did not have to rely on the same old Bush jokes about and new, the show can be considered somewhat tolerable and possibly even innovative. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, it is difficult to determine which flaw causes the most damage to the Lil Bush series; his clear lack of originality and poor quality of writing, or his painfully limited ambitions. It is reasonable to expect Lil Bush to be able to maintain a small left-wing fan base, that is, if they are able to withstand exceptionally poor writing; provided that the program continues to satirize the Bush administration altogether. Even so, most viewers will soon recognize the show for what it really is, a weak and meaningless and vulgar attempt at satire, and go out in search of something more intellectually stimulated; The price is right, maybe.
