Carnosaur 3 is bad ... too bad. Bad to the point where it's funny. No matter how hard I try to convince myself, I can not believe that anyone in this world might find it amusing for serious reasons. I mean, come on, even the cover is bad! OK, the special effects are absolutely ridiculous. Those Carnosaurs are really ridiculous. A scientist tells the soldiers that they move incredibly fast, but when you see them running, they run at the speed of ... an actor in a rubber suit trying to run as hard as he can. And the explosions are funny (there is no other word to describe it). In the beginning, a bullet hits a Jeep AFTER a staff member says, "What was that?" ... And the other explosions are also laughable. But the worst is the script and the so-called story. You do not expect a good story (or, I do not think anyone who rents this movie expects a good movie), but at least the story has to try to make sense. I mean, how hard it is to make a story about dinosaurs killing people who are at least coherent. Incredibly hard if you look at this. Oh, and if you think it's easy to make credible commands like your characters, tell the writers this horrible, horrible crap. I mean, what sick human being would make cheap jokes after one of his friends was dead? And they do a lot of it. And if you think a movie about dinosaurs killing soldiers can only be at least full of action, WAKE UP !!! This movie is incredibly boring. The carnossaurs (who invented this lame name anyway?) Attack (in boring action sequences where you do not see much happening). Soldiers think about how to beat them (in incredibly funny scenes, where they really try to be serious, but they can not convince even a second). So they attack the carnossaurs, but their idea does not work (another laughable action sequence). Back to the planning (with some boring jokes thrown) in another ridiculous scene. And it goes on and on and on. And let's not forget the acting that's as convincing as the special effects ... and the story ... Oh, OK, this movie just sucks from A to Z. <br /> <br />
