OK, I had high hopes for this Carnossaurus movie, simply because it looked like the sequences were getting better as they left. I liked Carnosaur 2 better than 1. I realized this is younger, so it should be better, right? Well ... I quickly learned that I was wrong. I was extremely confused by the cast. They brought back Rick Dean to another spotlight character and Michael MacDonald as a cop. Now for Rick Dean, lol, on Carnosaur 2 I thought he fit in very well on paper and was not really angry with him, now on Carnosaur 3 wow they put him as an elite soldier. Now we're getting silly here. The movie really started out really well with a decent gunfight and dinosaurs fleeing there little freezers, but as soon as the Scott Valentines team showed up, we had a mix of a romantic comedy with very funny performances of retarded dinosaurs and floppy disks. <br /> <br /> I'll start with the first abductors, they had there tails drag the ground, which in the second they were in the air, it seemed more common for a dinosaur that can run up to 50-60mph. Now, when they ran, they swayed back and forth and their heads did not move. Hands were loose all over the place and, as they were extremely badly filmed by the director, they looked stupid and out of place. The t-rex was extremely pathetic, it would be better to use one of the 2 previous films. At least that one seemed a little scary. The one in this movie seemed to be smiling all the time. His legs when he was walking was hilarious, as if it were john wayne in the old west all hard legs and other things. LOL another thing I noticed is that the hands did not move, they were stuck next to their body, so it looked and sounded (god, the sound effects were horrible) retarded !!! Now, if I were the director and realized that I had this to work on, maybe I'd try a little harder to hide the fact of the falsehood. As for the rest of the movie, well, that was the noisiest military staff I've ever seen. The weapons they wore made no sense to the scenario. They even had an arm wrestling scene inside the warehouse where the carnossaurs were wandering, now I was tickled in this scene because I thought while this stupidity was happening the Dinos would get there and do some damage. Instead, the director wasted about 7 minutes of our time. I would like to see this movie as the 3 clowns of the dinosaur movies. You have retarded military, retarded dinosaurs, retarded scenario and you have a wonderful 83 minutes to spend your day watching this. <br /> <br /> Now I'm not saying that I would not watch this, bc actually I do recommend that everyone see this movie that wants 83 minutes of pure entertainment. It may sound like I'm complaining, but I'm really praising this movie for what it is. It's really a lot of fun to watch, because while watching it you think, "the director really did it seriously?"
