I really can not see the real added value of this movie. It's not bad enough to be hilarious. There is no free sleaze or nudity (although there were plenty of opportunities). There is no blood. There is no suspense in the first hour of the movie because there are so many scenes of tourists having a party and natives playing funky tribal music. This last part was really funny on many occasions: you see these natives playing congas and 'jembés' and it's really what you hear (badly synchronized) on the soundtrack. But they also added this funky bass line on the soundtrack. So where was the bass player? At one point the natives get angry and start killing tourists. Why suddenly? It is supposedly because the white men of evil construct this tourist complex, which, according to their myth, aroused the wrath of the God-alligator (I really missed the explanation for this). But the natives helped for several months to build the tourist complex, so why the sudden anguish? And how the hell did they get to push the helicopter in the water ??? It's all silly and pointless. This movie also features the most American Afro model I have ever seen. <br /> <br /> At one point, our couple of heroic leaders visit this cave where a strange and crazy old man lives. The only point for this scene is that they make the "shocking" discovery that the crocodile-killer is actually an alligator. Crocodile or alligator, what's the difference? It's big, it's made of plastic and it eats people. All the same to me. The alligator is a pretty silly creation. It is very stiff and immobile and does not even touch the feet when nothing. The eyes do not even move when shot in close-up. I think they did not know 'animatronics' back then in Italy in 1979. There are also endless scenes of local wildlife. I suspect it's stock. Like, I said, the first hour was pretty lame and the only reason I did not turn the film off was because my cat was sleeping on my lap and I did not. I do not want to wake the sweet thing. But the last half hour of the movie got better. We finally got to see some action when the alligator swam through a horde of panicked people snapping their teeth and chewing them. The most entertaining (and at the same time funny) scene is when Alice and Daniel drive a van over a bridge and it collapses. We're seeing a version of the matchbox of the van falling into the river here. Funny. But well filmed. In fact, there are several other good camera moves. Surprisingly for this kind of movie. I was going to show some stupid details about the end of the movie, but I do not want to ruin everything, in case you decide to watch this movie. My advice is to stay away from this. If you want to see a decent alligator film, then see Lewis Teague's ALLIGATOR. I admit, it's not Italian and it's not a JAWS rip off, but it certainly is more fun. And if you're interested in other films made by director Sergio Martino, then I highly recommend the highly entertaining 2019: AFTER THE FALL OF NEW YORK. This is an exaggeration of all possible post-apocalyptic films of the future-do-doom. "Italians" and "rip-offs", two words that combine very well.
