Dennis Hopper is undoubtedly one of the best underrated American actors of our time, and it was interesting to see how he would play his role as a police officer in the case of a serial killer for children. Most of the films that Hopper has ever played threatened psychopically to threaten to blow things up or go on a kill, but in that film, Hopper tried his hardest to maintain that intensity and emotion while carrying a shield. Once I got into the plot of the movie, I got hooked, but it's just the little things that ended up murdering the movie. <br /> <br /> The concept of the film is excellent - not only are the cops moving to catch the killer, but we get a chance to see how the bad guys operate to capture the killer. The subframe of the football stadium is kind of ridiculous, but it is necessary to involve the gangsters in the hunt for the killer. <br /> <br /> That's all good you can say about the movie. Although Hopper tried to act as a clever and experienced cop, I can not help but feel that his performance was below expectations, and there was not enough conviction that he was really attached to the case. The direction was also terrible - it did not have the feel of a real movie, but a movie production on TV. This is most evident when gangsters meet for the first time to form an elite team to hunt down the killer. When the main gangster shoots the other gangster in slow motion, the acting was weak, predictable and terribly uninteresting. That's when I learned that, first of all, the action would be atrocious. <br /> <br /> The inclination of the camera was amateur, and the memory scenes or haunted images of the younger sister of the killer did not have a true distinctive effect. . If it was to be scary, it was not. Everyone's performance was terrible, and even to Hopper, I did not feel for his character, and I did not really care much about his relationship with his daughter. <br /> <br /> The last thing that bothered me the most is the swat team. Once I saw the SWAT team in action, I finally thought of something good. But I was wrong. First of all, the entire swat team consisted of 4 guys. This is simply impossible. Secondly, apparently the swat team has no training because often in the movie they carry their HKA4 machine guns with one hand. If the killer was hiding near the staircase with a shotgun, those four idiots would have been blown to pieces because they were neither pointing at anything nor paying much attention. They should have both hands on the gun pointing forward, but it looks like they are not taking the job seriously and are just sporting around. Third, SWAT team members do not shout commands like "Keep your eyes open, watch for yourselves, we're ready to go ... etc." In fact, they use hand signals or have radios. But they are literally screaming at each other - how should you catch the killer when he can hear you coming? And to top it all, these guys have no plans - apparently they're just running up and down going on a wild turkey chase. Eventually they end up doing nothing. That was the last straw. I am not a specialist in special forces, but basically what I just described is common sense. When the audience knows that the movie is terrible, the action almost becomes the life savior of the movie - when you can not even make an effort to make the action great, the movie is lost. <br /> <br /> I give 2 stars for the concept, but the rest can not be credited. If you want to watch a crime thriller, do not bother with this one. There is a lot of crime in the movie - but it has a lack of emotion.
