Antitrust fits into this category of films that aspire to make some important point while they are edifying but that become completely flat. I do not hate the movie, but it's missing key elements such as suspense. There have been other attempts to make an engaging movie about computers, like Hackers and The Net. They all fall short. The improbable end of both The Net and Antirust seems to be almost identical. These movie endings suffer from a huge misperception: people in the PC business having that overly indulgent ego that assumes that the general population lives, is waiting for life to hear the latest news about PC and software. I've worked for many companies and industries, and they all seem to suffer from an expanded view of their own importance, as does this movie. <br /> <br /> The way they introduced the plot lines was pathetic. Showing Milo, who is mortally allergic to Sesame Seeds, almost ingesting one from a restaurant basket has crossed the line of stupidity. Only his "girlfriend" prevented him from dying for sure. This leads us to wonder how Milo could have survived as much as he did, facing the dangers of Big Mac breads and sesame seed breads, as they hooded over like ... well ... sesame seed breads and buns Big Mac. <br /> <br /> Antitrust also does not offer much suspense. The standardized and predictable twists are easily discovered long before they are revealed (by chance, was someone REALLY shocked when Yee Jee Tso was killed?), Thus destroying any real value of shock. And here again we have another movie / story where in the end, the bad guys are chasing the good guys to 'get the record'. We need to have a moratorium on this plot line Simple Simon for about 20 years. Still, I kept going. Maybe the end is the result, but no. The utterly ridiculous ending in which we have the company's leading security, another supposed evildoer, is the cool guy who allows Milo to overthrow the CEO of N.U.V. Gary Winston was laughable. And, of course, the journalistic coverage of Gary Winston's arrest is more feverish than when Hinckley or Oswald was taken into custody. Gary Winston, played by Tim Robbins, is a cardboard clipping of the same character Robbins played on Arlington Road. But this fits perfectly here in antitrust, which should be called "anticlimax" or "anti-original". <br /> <br /> In the coming years, this movie will probably be banned, to be only displayed on your local site. third rate UHF channel.
