When I sat down to watch this movie, I really expected a bit, since the plot takes on quite complex issues. Using football as a launch pad for the complication was also an interesting approach. Yet unfortunately, despite his bravery in dealing with controversial issues as cultural clashes between Muslim culture and Western culture, adding generation and prejudice conflicts to gays / lesbians, this allows resolution with a rather simplistic relief for all the accumulated suspense throughout the film. This leads me to the impression that the manufacturers took on a task a little too big for them to face, trying to be deeper than they could handle. <br /> <br /> However, this does not mean that the film is directly bad, since the depiction of conflicts is quite believable and fun. The film manages to be engaging and entertaining on this subject, but as mentioned above, the writers seem to have gotten a little too deep. This led to quite unrealistic character behavior in the end to deal with emerging conflicts. With this fall of the ball at a time when manufacturers could actually have shown brilliance taking the film to another level of appreciation. <br /> <br /> Even though the film does not really try to be a deep piece of drama, the scenario has so much potential in the plot that it becomes a disappointment when "the ball falls". In this way, the film moves from a good, reflective comedy to a standard cliché that becomes ridiculous in its happy ending. Nothing is left out at the end of Hollywood. So, even if the story is engaging and one can tolerate the large number of montages, we can not help looking at the resolution. Personally I was close to yelling "finish already !!" on the screen. <br /> <br /> There was some decent acting in the movie, and the two young female central characters had some good times. So did his parents and other bi-characters. However, the handsome Irish coach was an embarrassing piece of acting, which leaves the film down a little in terms of realism. He did not even seem very nice, but involved in spite of his good deeds, which makes the impending conflict between the girls seem a bit tense. <br /> <br /> I give the movie a 4, as if it was an engaging story and they sought a good perspective to address the subject of. The script and cast had many convincing characters, giving the audience the chance to recognize themselves or others. If the disappointments were not so disappointing, I'd give the movie a 7 or 8 easily. If you liked this movie, I recommend the movie "East is East", which I think is as good, if not better representation of cultural conflict, besides being fun and engaging.
