I saw the trailer for this movie a few months before its release, and MAN, looked scary, especially as this movie was based on a real-life phenomenon. I was incredibly interested, and thought this could finally be a decent horror / suspense movie after years if it sucks. Well, you know how movie trailers make a movie look better than it is: perhaps showing all the scary parts or oversizing certain elements. The advertisements of the film did both, which led to my final disappointment. <br /> <br /> This is by no means "the most disturbing movie in years." Hell, I doubt it was the most disturbing movie of that week's release. This movie takes the whole "fact-based" thing too far. <br /> <br /> This movie was not complete crap. I must admit, this interested me and Micheal Keaton was credible as a man seeking answers by supernatural means. Other than that, this movie is a big cliche. After John's wife dies, he learns about EVP, which transmits the voices of the dead on electronic devices every day. He suddenly receives messages from his wife! My God! It's not just his wife coming to him, other people are dead. Gee, imagine that. A movie about helping dead people. Come on, give me a break! The clichés do not stop there. There is also the obligatory trick of stopping the clock at once every night and three evil spirits that threaten our hero. Not only was the movie cliché, it was not scary. The film literally had two jumping scenes, and these two scenes are almost identical. The ending is awful as it leaves the door open for a continuation. There is also a final message with a message saying how only 1 of X voices heard through the EVP are threatening, with a good happy tune playing. Way to break the mood, folks. Wow! In the end, if you want another forgettable horror film, see White Noise. The only reasons I would think that anyone would watch this movie is that either that person is keaton fan or that he is interested in EVP. Of course, the aspects of the EVP may be a little interesting, but I do not like my movie concepts being pushed down my throat and exploded in my face. This movie tries to be scary, original and disturbing, but it's just the opposite. You know you have a lame movie when the commercials use the ghosts to talk about the movie. "I'm going to see this movie no more."
