John Rivers' life as an architect and family man worsened when his wife disappeared and was killed after an accident involving changing a tire from his car. During the days that she is missing, he confronts a man who is following and he tells him that he has been in contact with his dead wife on the other side through the E.V.P - Electronic Voice Phenomenon. Of course, he does not believe, but then he listens to strange phone calls from his phone and then he contacts the man to learn more about E.V.P. Soon John is hooked, but something supernatural does not like him interfering with the dead, as now others in contact with his wife, the white noise is to predict events before they happen. <br /> <br /> Since this DVD is sitting on my shelf for a while now, I found it best to turn around to watch, since it was not my copy. But again, I do not think the owners were in a hurry to get it back, since they did not question me about it. Oh well. So I decided to give a play, because I was in a little demanding mood. After hearing and reading all the bad press about it, I was not expecting anything remotely good, but I was entertained for 90 minutes. Well, even more so the 60 minutes as the last half hour was practically a blur of confusion. The movie is not as good as it could have been, but the time has gone fast enough, despite being a supernatural thriller quite lukewarm. I thought it was not all a waste. In the first hour I found some very interesting effective sequences and there is a scary haunting generated with a slow progression of subtle stillness and tragedy that haunts you, but unfortunately this comes to a standstill later in the movie. It is when predictably forced jumps peaks arise and somehow simply do not fit the context. It gets a little hectic, noisy and very confusing with its MTV-style editing and kinetic camera work that comes close to the action. I could not understand what was happening inside the abrupt abrupt climax. The whole explanation of how everything fits into the larger picture is purely corny. It's a very unsatisfactory conclusion because it holds for something big, but hits the bottom of the pit. I thought they did a good job up to that point with the lighting and the flashy camera. In addition to the distinctly rigid lighting, the score kept this film atmospheric and gloomy. All this is very well done with its sophisticated and ornate hardware, which makes it look very sterile and empty. <br /> <br /> You can easily see that the heart of the film lies in the technical components and not in expanding the characters and the story. There is simply no connection and lasting feeling within this fragile material. After a while, he tries to convince him that he falls into manipulative emotions and is appearing in many things that suffocate the blood of the aftermath. It was quite repetitive to watch someone watch a blurry TV screen after a while. The E.V.P machine was the star of the show. Well, it had more impact than weak performances. Michael Keaton is more than a capable actor, but lately he has disappeared from the map and here he performs a modest performance like the dangerously obsessed John Rivers. It really deserves much better, however. Everyone is very fragile and forgettable. Not because of the performances, but because of the lack of depth in their characters. This clunker was not bad to begin with, but it goes pear shape, dropping drastically. <br /> <br /> I would not want to see you again and I would not recommend it to anyone unless you have an interest in the subject and take advantage of the recent Hollywood crop produced horror / thrillers. It's a great pity that this overproduced movie has failed to put it into practice successfully, as it had a promise in its idea and a more than decent cast in hand. I did not hate it, but what a disappointment.
