Absolutely one of the worst movies of the year. The plot is ridiculous, the characters poorly developed and the annoyingly stupid premise. It all starts when Michael Keaton, having done nothing remarkable since Batman, loses his beautiful wife, Anna, in a car accident, possibly caused by her driving one of those convertible VW bugs, though she must be rich. In his pain, Batman moves into a new apartment and picks up a hobby: not recording anything and then watching it. He learned this from a very fat pathetic guy who was murdered by three tall, dark guys who lived on his TV. Very soon, he begins to see dead people, thanks to the EVP, or electronic voice phenomenon, which is evidently this business in which dead people can send messages to living people through tape recorders, video cameras, dead cell phones. she is ... DEAD! ... It must be a ghost. Mhmmm. No other possible explanation. I better start playing with it indiscriminately. ") etc. Why can not they just write something on a piece of paper or knock some things down to form creative pictograms is never explained.But eventually, Batman discovers that he is actually seeing the future, and decides to go help this woman He goes out of his house just at the right time, because the tall, dark guys come in shortly after he leaves ("D * mn he can travel between the living and the dead using electronics, but I'll be called if (He nods hard, or you'll miss him!) He traces this lady to a warehouse and discovers that this character from the first ten minutes of the movie (look hard, or you'll miss him!) in fact a serial killer who works for three tall dark demons, who in Raiders of the Lost Ark style descends and kills him, resembling the cartoons they are.And then some detectives appear and rescue the lady.After the funeral of Batman, he decides to send a message from beyond the grave apologizing to his son for being an idiot, evidently feeling that the best way to protect his child from the horrors of EVP is to expose him to him. The little boy just smiles. Nothing goes through this guy, not even when his father, Batman, of course, starts talking to the TV. The highlight of the movie was when someone's phone rang and a guy shouted, "It's Anna!"
