No, I've never seen any of the "Santa Slasher" series, ie 'Silent Night, Deadly Night', the original 'Black Christmas' or this, 'Christmas Evil'. I heard everything about his reputation, or, MADS (Mothers Against the Cluttered Madmen.) I thought I would rent this as I heard it appear as a reference in a segment of 'Fat Guys At The Movies'. Mothers should be against this, but not for the ooooohhhh "killer" Santa, but because the movie is just crap. Boring, for long ?? even with only 92 minutes, crap. <br /> <br /> Little boy sees Santa Claus coming down a chimney in 1947, delivering gifts, eating some presents, and miraculously floating by the chimney. The boy goes to bed, but returns to the living room to witness to Mom and Santa. Apparently, this messed up that boy for the rest of his life, although the scene was as steaming as when Ralphie's father received the "Leg Lamp" in "A Christmas Story." He was very disturbed, he went to the attic and, well, cut off his own hand. <br /> <br /> Fast forward to the future! Now, it's 1980s and messed up the boy works in a toy factory. We got a scent from him being a bit unbalanced, and he chases both the kids and the parents. Who is evil, who is cool, blah blah. Does it take a good two-thirds of the film so it finally fits in? as if this were not foreseen in the first table. NO FILM SHOULD take so long. <br /> <br /> I admit, this movie had its tension increasing, but only because I expected it to do something, anything to anyone. When he finally does, well, punishing "anyone who is disobedient" is as graphic as a "Garbage Pail Kid" card. And I did not mention the end of WTF. I'm thinking it was a metaphor, but in reality, it's as strange as the rest of the movie. (Take the brother who's upset with his brother is killing, and his solution is ... uh, kill.) Do not open this mess, not even on Christmas Eve, or evil. Again, I did not watch the other "Santa-Slashers" but this one sucked bad. It built suspense due to the nature of the movie and never delivered a decent present.
