This movie is really scary. Unfortunately, not for the reasons the filmmakers would expect. <br /> <br /> There's also a serial killer, but he's not freaky either. He's just his standard comic villain, a cross between Hannibal Lecter and Freddie Kruger, though with nothing particularly cool to add to both. Incidentally, even for the most vile and most reprehensible of criminals, can they be held chained in a position of stress, standing, arms outstretched 24 hours a day, week after week? I suppose in the world that gave us Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo Bay, anything is possible. <br /> <br /> No, what's really scary about this movie is the central character, Danny. This unpleasant young man, aided and abetted by some ridiculously negligent security arrangements, and a doctor totally careless of any notion of professional ethics or patient confidentiality, enters the occupied hospital room for what can only be described as a highly vulnerable and helpless young man. woman, and based on nothing (her chronic sleep prevents her from being able to give anything such as informed consent) imagines herself to have some kind of special relationship with her. Apparently within days, he has arrogated to himself the right to kidnap her, believing (completely false, as we have discovered) that he is more capable of taking care of her than any other person, and few minutes after having her back in her apartment, is molesting her sexually. again due to his drowsiness) totally unable to consent or resist. <br /> <br /> Our suspicions about why he would feel this connection are confirmed very soon. Of course he is more or less incapable of forming any mature adult friendships, much less sexual relations, so he falls to this essentially infantilized woman, who because of her permanent sleep has a mental age corresponding to a lived experience of only a few years. . The scene in which she discovers ice cream is particularly embarrassing, and the cowardly look she gives him when he says he will have to clean it again causes a particular shudder of horror. But again, I fear, not that tremor of horror that filmmakers expected, but a spasm of much more direct repulsion. We can all clearly see what's at the end of our forks here - it's the perfect dream of innocence, sexual complacency and utter dependence on the pedophile. Horrible, horrible, horrible. <br /> <br /> What else do we have in this puree? Landscapes of distorted dreams not as good as del Toro. The compulsory argument "You need to go to the police," where the main character always has a reason not to, although it is the only sensible course of action. The sequel to the automaton, much praised in the comments here, though completely and utterly useless ("serves no purpose!", As Sigourney Weaver memorably protested in Galaxy Quest) and looking at me exactly as the Abominable Doctor Phibes rewrote on one of the saws . Jeffrey Combs does his best then a star to this, and a few more because you have to keep lower rankings for movies that are even worse than that, and overall this is well shot and run with competence.
