New York, I love you, or rather should be entitled Manhattan, I love to look at your people sometimes love, is a precise example of the difference between telling a story and telling a situation. For example, look at two of the film's segments, one in which Ethan Hawke lit a cigarette for a woman on a street and starts talking to a nasty sexy conversation, and another with Orlando Bloom trying to score a movie with an incredulous demand of his director to read two books by Dostoevsky. While the latter is not a great story, it is at least something that has a beginning, middle and end, while the composer tries to score, Dostoyevky dropped into his lap, and eventually gets some help (and maybe something more) from a girl with whom he is speaking as a link between him and the director. The Ethan Hawke scene, however, is like nothing at all, and it seems that it is as a random addition or directed by a filmmaker who calls him (or, in that regard, Hawke with a combination of Before Sunrise and Reality Bites ). What is tiring in the movie in general is seeing the few stories that work very well against one or two possible 'stories' and then the rest of the situations that unfold to connect or overlap one another (ie , pieces involving Bradley Cooper, Drea DeMatteo, Hayden Christensen, Andy Garcia, James Caan, Natalie Portman, etc.). It is not so much that the film set virtually always in Manhattan and not in New York, Queens, Staten Island or Bronx (not even Harlem or Washington Heights) does not have much diversity, since it is some. It is the lack of imagination found in swords, for better or for worse, in Paris J'taime. Its majority have little to do with New York except for passing references, and at worst (the Julie Christie / Shia LaBeouf segment) is incomprehensible on a level that is terrible. <br /> <br /> So, basically, wait for TV, and do your best to get in and out of the movie - that is, for three scenes: the aforementioned Bloom / Christina Ricci segment, which is charming; directed segment Brett Ratner (yes, X-Men 3 Brett Ratner) with a very funny story of a teenager taking a girl in a wheelchair to the prom just to come upon a major turnaround; and Eli Wallach and Cloris Leachman as a lovely old couple walking in Brooklyn on their 67th wedding anniversary. Everything else can be lost, even the debut in the direction of Natalie Portman, and the return of a brother Hughes (only one, Allan) to the screen. A mixed bag is easy: it's like having to look for a bag of mixed nuts filled with peanuts to find the few remaining almonds.
