I've always been a bit disappointed with the original Joe Dante, THE HOWLING (1981) ?? so I was not particularly interested in checking any of his sequences; Some time ago, I got HOWLING III: THE MARSUPIALS (1987) ?? by the same director as this? and thought it was watchable, but nothing special. <br /> <br /> The second part, however, has a bad reputation and I knew I would have a good time watching? is mainly to wallow in the vision of the beloved but pompous horror icon Christopher Lee squirming in the middle of it all (the graciously aged star has pathetically asserted several times in interviews that he has not appeared in horror movies since he last photo for the Hammer Films in 1976!). Anyway, this movie should have brought the subtitle "Your Movie Is A Turd" ?? being surprisingly inept in all departments (starting with very important werewolf makeup)! <br /> <br /> The plot (and dialogue) is not only terrible, but has the weakest connection to Dante's movie ?? Oddly enough, the author of the original novel, Gary Brandner, co-wrote it himself! Still, one of the undeniable highlights (er ... low points) of the film is the elliptical edition meaningless ?? who tries to give the whole an appearance of style, but only serves to accentuate his embarrassment factor! Likewise, the fake (and the annoying) are the transitions between scenes, the punk-rock theme song and the special effects of cheap at the climax! <br /> <br /> And the characters then ?: Lee is the werewolf expert, of course, who everyone thinks is crazy? until they come in contact with the monsters, that is; at least, however, one must admire the ingenuity (or gall) of the creators in conceiving a stupid subtitle with a double meaning! Incidentally, Sybil Danning (as Stirba, Werewolf Bitch - the subtitle by which this is known in the UK!) Is quite attractive in a variety of outrageous S & M clothes ... but his character has practically nothing to do preside over his brood of followers and engage in the occasional hilarious sex of three lycanthropes!); his two lieutenants growl (one of them is a black girl) are especially annoying. Helping Lee on the bright side are the two yuppie heroes (he being the character's brother Dee Wallace of the first film and she a colleague of hers) and an erratic group of Transylvians fighters (yet, they usually can easily overcome the stupid werewolves of Danning!). Notable among them is a dwarf knife-thrower who suffers a particularly unpleasant (but, at the same time, collateral) death; later he is revived, under the control of Stirba, in order to attract Lee (making infantile insults to him through the village streets) into a trap. Does the last scene have to be a low point for the distinguished and imposing actor? well, either this or the initial string in a nightclub where Lee is made to wear a pair of ultra-cool sunglasses in order to look discreet among young partygoers! In the end, if I were forced to mention elements that were not wholly unpleasant, I think I could say that the ossuary set (in which the heroine must be sacrificed) is interesting, or that the creature hybrid werewolf / bat (the pet of Danning who likes to inhabit 'the body of its victims) is very strange to be despised ...
