Ugly footage, badly scripted and politely sequenced from Joe Dante's 1981 classic. "The Howling" is one of two or three good werewolf movies ever made and yet it was "rewarded" by a series of unpleasant and unbearable sequels like this. If it is some consolation, "Stirba" is a sequel only in the name and there is absolutely no connection with the characters or events that were introduced in Dante's film. Does the plot here revolve around a bloody cult of Transsilvanian werewolves? especially the female? led by Stirba. Stirba is played by Sybil Danning, who turns from a curvaceous old lady into a super-hot blonde (with stunning breasts) in the blink of an eye and becomes all hairy when sexually aroused. Your archenemy is played by a seemingly fatigued Christopher Lee. Your character? Stefan Crosscoe? is an occult investigator who travels to the kingdom of Stirba, accompanied by an American couple who lost his friend to the cult of the werewolves. In case you are exclusively looking for nudity and nudity for free ... this is your movie. Even the smallest killing is shown in great detail and we are even treated with explosive eyeballs and the vile image of a dwarf being pierced in a sharp fence. However, if you want some substance or depth, you will be very disappointed. The dialogues are embarrassing and there is absolutely no voltage to detect anywhere. Writers constantly seem to confuse werewolves with vampires (the Transylvanian scenery, garlic, wooden stakes ...) and Danning's beautiful balcony is blatantly exploited as the only trick in the film. During the final credits, a scene in which she pulls off her blouse is reprinted repeatedly (according to my fellow reviewer Dr. Gore, not less than seventeen times!), Which is quite pathetic and purposeless. The music is fine and some of the scenery is quite beautiful. I'm talking about the fierce-looking statues during the opening credits and the dark dungeons of Stirba Castle. The direction of Philippe Mora is a giant mess and ?? As far as I'm concerned? His only worthwhile film remains "The Beast Within", released three years earlier.
