From the moment Christopher Lee puts on a pair of punk sunglasses and tries to sneak into a punk rock club, you know you have a fucking smell on your hands! This movie had potential. Underneath all the sludge are the remains of what could have been worked on in a decent if not interesting movie. The end product is a real mess, though. Aside from free nudity and some very attractive women, Howling II turns out to be a laughable excuse for a horror movie. Christopher Lee gives him a bit of credibility, but even he can not elevate him above the crap level. Never having seen any of the other films in this series, this critic will be forced to accept on face value that this is a genuine continuation of the events in part one. We started at a funeral for one of the characters in the original, and in the first ten minutes we met in Transylvania with a small group of heroes ready to fight a group of werewolves. The film is pretty quiet, and there are not many dead spots. The action is there; just is not filmed well. One bright spot is the music of a punk band called Babel. Although his music is played quite often, it is quite captivating. <br /> <br /> The problems with this movie are big in number. First, the performance is worse than unfortunate. Christopher Lee is good enough, but that's where it ends. The two leaders, Reb Brown and Annie McEnroe, do not have pretty much everything you'd like to have for these characters. Writing is miserable, redundant editing and amateur direction. There are some good tricks of special effects, but the extravagantes weigh heavily in number. Sybil Danning is cool to see, but her acting as an actress is less than satisfying. Judd Omen looks like the role he plays, but his voice and acting are not convincing to say the least. Much of the dialogue is in unintelligible language that may or may not be Latin. <br /> <br /> I liked the general idea of ​​the story. I always like stories of true believers to fight against seemingly invincible forces of evil. A scene in which a small group of good guys is walking through a dark forest and knocking down a bunch of werewolves is even exciting. More or less. Maybe a bigger budget or a better director might have made the rest of the film a bit more appealing. 3 out of 5 stars. <br /> <br /> The Hound. <br /> <br /> Note: So far, the censors of youtube.com have not yet taken the final credits with Sybil Danning. off its top several times while the music of Babel is playing! Take it while you can!
