Howling II begins as it means to continue with a bizarre and surreal opening narration by Christopher Lee, whose image is imposed on a field of moving stars, oh and a skeleton appears for some reason as well. He says, "for it is written that the inhabitants of the earth were made drunk with her blood, and I saw her sipping a hairy beast and she held a gold challenge full of the filthiest fornication, and on her forehead it was written, behold, I am the great Mother of an inaudible word I could not understand, no matter how many times I rewound the tape and tried, sorry # and all the abominations of the Earth. " This opening narration means absolutely nothing and is simply bizarre. After the opening credits, which are displayed on photos of the architecture of Transylvania, we received an on-screen caption that informs us that we are in Los Angeles, California, USA City of Angels. I knew I was for a long 86 minutes. It is probably not long after the events of the original Howling (1981) and it is the funeral of Karen White. After the ceremony, Ben (Reb Brown), brother of Karen, is called by an "occult investigator" named Stefan Crosscoe (Christopher Lee), who says that Karen is a Werewolf and that she will come back to life. Ben dismisses this nonsense. But along with one of Karen's friends and colleagues, Jenny (Annie McEnroe) he visits Stefan at his house. There, Stefan talks about werewolves and how they can be killed, he mentions Stirba (Sybil Danning), who is the werewolf queen. Stefan also shows them a photograph taken at Karen's funeral by a woman named Mariana (Marsha A. Hunt) and that she is an extremely cruel and dangerous Werewolf Karen wants. Stefan says he will bet any Werewoves through the heart with titanium. Ben discovers that Stefan means that he will bet on Karen, so along with Jenny he travels to the graveyard where his sister's crypt is to stop Stefan. However, many Werewolves appear and attack Stefan, Ben and Jenny. They survive the attack and manage to discover that Stirba is to be found in Transylvania. Everyone decides to travel to Transylvania and prevent Stirba and his Werewolves from dominating the Earth by fulfilling a curse of centuries ago. Once there, they travel to a small town called Vlkava, which means "where the wolves live" and meet the local priest, Father Florin (Ladislav Krecmer) and his small but loyal group of werewolf hunters, and what else I can call Oh, and a dwarf named Florica (Ludmila Safarova) also helps. They follow Mariana, who they expect to take them to Stirba. But Stirba knows of Stefan's arrival and plans for him Ben and Jenny. Will Stefan be able to put an end to Stirba's plans to rule the world? Will this movie be more bizarre or surreal? Watch and find out. Directed by Philippe Mora, this is a strange mess of a movie. It is poorly edited, because certain sequences simply jump incoherently. The only big problem is the script by Robert Sano and Gary Brandner based on their novel that is everywhere and does not make any kind of sense or introduces us to any appropriate character that we like. Luckily it moves like a rocket and is never boring or boring, unlike the original. Something strange or bizarre is always happening to keep the viewer entertained. Most people will probably hate you, but for those of us who like "bad" movies, that's the best of them. There are orgies of werewolves that are just weird to watch. We have some cool weapons to kill werewolves. The scenarios and locations seem so out of place and I do not know if this was actually filmed in Transylvania but it does not look like what I thought the Transylvania of the '80s would do. Stirba Castle is part of the dungeon, part of the Gothic castle and part of the modern luxury house. Stirba's clothes and her maid are very exaggerated, Stirba wears a outfit that seems to belong to an S / M video, and to be fair to her, she looks pretty sexy, and her minions also wear scarce leather clothes. The special makeup effects range from good to bad, a dwarf's eyes explode, someone has their hand torn off and a priest has some creature emerging from his mouth, but this is not a blood-laden movie, although there is a lot of effect. sequences with transformations and Werewolf attacks. There is plenty of nudity, just as Stirba and his lackeys are a real bunch of Werewolves! I must also mention the music, the soundtrack is dominated by a horrible rock music that I hated and I ended up reducing the volume. Performance is weak everywhere and what on earth was Christopher Lee thinking when he accepted this movie? I wonder what he thinks of it. Basically, the whole thing is a real mess, but I found it a pretty fun mess anyway. Impossible to recommend, but kept me watching until the end. Talking about what the final credits spend on what appears to be deleted scenes and filming, she also shows the same scene as Sybil Danning taking off her dress and exposing her breasts probably over 20 times! If that's your thing.
