I'll have to add a dissenting comment here. Several reviews I've likened this movie to the likes of those by Wong Kar Wai or Hou Hsiao-hsien. that is, one of the admirable floats of mandarin delicacies that have emerged in recent years. Unfortunately this is not very accurate. The film presents itself as a graduate school film attempt to imitate these masters. All the pieces are there - the beautiful backdrop, the vaguely minimalist dialogue, the slow and masculine camera work in particular, who spend a good time sitting around being contemplative. Sounds good, but unfortunately nothing is up to it. The dialogue is heavy. The acting is generally unable to raise the characters above the type; the couple and their little sister are particularly poor and poorly involved. Unfortunately, when a character's mediocre portrayal is combined with a classic "Chekovian" plot (that is, very predictable), the results are at best boring and, at worst, painful. I could not help but see the scene of the river "Blue Danube", for example, like the parody of the genre (although the "spring" sky of the cloud over the river really did provide a bit of black humor ...) the basis of which Mark Li Ping was photographing. While the scenery is elegant, and the swaying camera tries to reproduce the mood of "Flowers of Shanghai," the film is not in the same league, visually. In fact, I must confess that after an hour of asking whether it was the script or acting that was ruining the film, I suddenly remembered that I was supposed to meet my roommate for dinner and took the opportunity to leave (and I can not remember) I remember the last movie that I left). I'm guessing from the comments that the ending may have left a positive taste, but by that point I could not care. If you would like to see something along similar lines made with real talent then I would recommend anything by the above directors, for example "In the Mood for Love" or "Flowers of Shanghai", both filmed by the talented Mr. Ping (the first with Chris Doyle), and both are movies enough talented to inspire years of failed emulations like this. It is not often that Mr. Hoberman deceives me, and may prefer to listen to him, but do not say that he has not been warned. Craig. <br /> <br />
