This is the first of the BBC series "The Complete Works of William Shakespeare" that I have seen, and if they all are like this, I will not watch it any more. To be practically the complete text of the piece is all that this "Romeo and Juliet" has in its favor, lacking in all the other departments. Alvin Rakoff reveals himself as a terrible director, both in technical and artistic aspects. In the first, because he makes mistakes that even a first-grade film student would wisely avoid. Take into account, for example, the first poorly edited scene of Abraham and Balthasar in the opening scene, or the entrance of the Nurse into Friar Lawrence's cell, asking where Romeo is with him standing so far ahead of him that she would clearly see him even if she was blind. And in the second, because each of the artists is misdirected, even if some of them are good actors. Rebecca Saire looks exactly the way I've always imagined Juliet to be, and she does not seem like a bad actress to a teenager, but her performance has no passion of any kind. Patrick Ryecart as Romeo is even worse, being as boring as Juliet but also very old and not even handsome, appearing as a combination of Malcolm McDowell and the Chucky doll. Placing them together makes it impossible to think that they feel for each other, the more they are the main actors in the greatest love story ever written. Alan Rickman, in his screen debut, plays Tybalt as if he were Darth Vader, which is a big mistake that takes away the complexity that Shakespeare intended, no character being a hero or a villain but all imperfect humans. This Tybalt is so malicious that we do not believe in the pity of the characters after his death. As for Paris, I was thinking of "Prince Valium" of Spaceballs. Only Celia Johnson manages to make the Nurse character some justice. <br /> <br /> In 168 minutes, this production is unable to make us empathize with the characters because the characters do not empathize with each other and have never seen believe in their own roles. The best screen version is still by Franco Zeffirelli. But to be fair, this BBC is not as bad as the abominations like the extravagant geriatric version of George Cukor, or the crime against humanity that is the MTV video of Baz Luhrmann. 4/10
