Superficially, "Brigadoon" is a very promising entertainment package. Gene Kelly and Vincente Minnelli, the team behind "An American in Paris", are meeting with many of the great artisans and women behind their previous collaborations. Gene's protagonist is Cyd Charisse, one of the best movie dancers of the 1940s and 1950s, and unlike the generally superior "It's Always Fair Weather," this film gave them the chance not just one but two dances. Lerner and Loewe were the rising team behind future hits like "My Fair Lady" and Minnelli's "Gigi" musical; Lerner and Minnelli had already shown their collaborative optimism about the excellent "American in Paris." <br /> <br /> What happened along the way? Why is the movie itself so stupid? Minnelli himself did not want to make the film, despite his previous artistic and personal relationship with Lerner. Maybe it was because the innate conservatism of the film was a little too much two steps ahead for MGM and a step back for Vincente Minnelli. But once trapped in this task as the inhabitants of Brigadoon are trapped within their city limits, Minnelli struggled to turn it into something that would be entertaining in a specifically distracting, if not liberating, way. The end result is truly awful to contemplate. While pointing to the naive charm of Minnelli's previous successes such as "Cabana no Céu" and "Meet Me in St. Louis", the plaid pants worn by Brigadoon inhabitants do not evoke the illusory nostalgia of those unseen places . His whim does not even compare to the brilliant chandelier of "Yolanda and the Thief" or "The Pirate," because the upland scenarios seem at once very specific to such an exotic and very generic fantasy for real human emotions. The only people in Brigadoon that I can at least relate to are the disgruntled man who tries to get away and the unfortunate traveling companion played by Van Johnson, who accidentally shoots him. The general procedures in the borough of Brigadoon are too arcane and provincial, even to be attributed to a backward form of Christianity: they appear positively pagan in their appearance. For example, in exchange for Brigadoon's immortality, the honored and generally "good" shepherd of the city sacrificed his own place in the supposedly blessed refuge. <br /> <br /> At one point, we are certain that "everyone is looking for their own Brigadoon." Suffice it to say that the box office of this picture confirms my own suspicion that most of us are not looking for this kind of almost nauseating paradise. The premise itself is ridiculous and almost insultingly condescending, but could work if the players were perfect. But Kelly himself is the most paternalistic about the film, and Charisse is terribly miscast as a virginal optimist in the same way as Lucille Bremer was misused in "Yolanda and the Thief." Van Johnson makes his best version of Oscar Levant's classic helper for Kelly (even lighting 3 cigarettes at a point like Levant on "AIP"), and he delivers many fun times. But it says something in itself whether the best part of a big budget extravaganza with all MGM's best talents is a Van Johnson performance thrown out.
