It is not always that I feel compelled to criticize a film negatively; after all, I always feel the maxim, "if you have nothing good to say, do not say anything," would be a fitting advice for the many who tell us, who we hear every day, who do not like the things of which we like it. If it's all the same to you, the reader, though I feel compelled to point out that with the sole exception of Christopher Walken in a return role as Gabriel, this movie is pathetically HORRIBLE. I tell you to let you know beforehand that even if you are a fan of Walken's style and expressionless delivery or like the original "Prophecy," you will be extremely disappointed. If you buy it, return it. If you rent it, make sure it's only ninety-nine cents. <br /> <br /> What's wrong with this movie? A complete list would take a long time to read and fill you with tears, but a brief summary would be as follows: the clear and somewhat crystalline picture of the relationship between angels and mortals from the first film is torn to shreds. Gabriel is diverted from God's somewhat morbid right hand that he once was (and in this role he is INCREDIBLY funny at first) for little more than a thug to heaven. Since Walken is so good at playing heavy (we all remember Frank White from "King of New York") he's still fun, but the supporting cast is an absolute and unconvincing mess of mortals and angels who could not understand anything for 50 cents. If you can figure out the plot, you're a smarter man than I am. One has the feeling that we wander aimlessly from scene to scene just to take the movie to the next big Walken line. At the end of the movie, you're really wanting him to honk and make Jericho's walls fall on the people who made this unnatural disaster. <br /> <br /> Conclusion: It is an insult to our intelligence that they have made a sequel to this movie in the first place. The original told the right story, answered the questions that should have been, and left alone the ones you should consider later. There are no compelling reasons to follow these characters who were in the first - the priest who lost faith, the girl who kept the "great secret," the teacher who protected his children - even Lucifer himself was more interesting first movie than all the other sequel characters together. I'm sorry for anyone who sees this movie and not the first because they will probably never want to see the original and this is a real tragedy.
