Everyone knows that Gregory Widen's original "The Prophecy" did not really require a sequel, but you also do not need a degree in rocket science hanging above your chimney to realize that more money from this lucrative concept of terror would be unavoidable. The second part is a very prototypical example of a direct sequence to the video, which means that the creative and intricate plot of the original has been greatly simplified in favor of more action, more witty and a much stranger religious scenario. The only good news is that the producers managed to keep Christopher Walken in the role of Gabriel, and he offers another gloriously brazen performance that readily justifies the price of a rental. If it were not for Walken's performance (and perhaps a couple of players in the supporting cast as Brittany Murphy and Glenn Danzig), "The Prophecy II" would surely have disappeared into oblivion shortly after its release. The movie begins with Gabriel literally being spit on from hell to get on with his current War of Heaven here on earth. The purpose of his battle this time is to prevent nurse baby Valerie Rosales (Jennifer Beals) from being born. For you to see, your fetus is the first hybrid between a heavenly angel and an earthly "monkey" and the birth of such a higher being would entail the fall of Gabriel's evil domain. So, as in the first film, he hires a suicide accomplice to help him and chases Valerie to Eden for the final showdown. "The Prophecy II" is a bearable and occasionally entertaining film as long as you do not make comparisons with the original and as long as you can neglect the multiple holes and errors in continuity. Whenever the plot becomes tedious, the creators, fortunately, always insert an almost brilliant moment of Christopher Walken to distract him. His interactions with the rebellious Izzy, and particularly his ignorance of modern earthly technologies, often result in interesting and memorable sequences. On a slightly off topic note, I often felt like "The Prophecy II" ambitions to resemble "Terminator II"? Gabriel's resurrection looked a little like the teleportation of a futuristic cyborg and the location of Eden, where the final battle takes place, looks very similar to the steel factory where Terminator II ended too. Coincidence, I guess? Overall, this is an inferior and passable continuation, but still worth checking in case you are a fan of Christopher Walken's acting charisma (and who is not?).
