This is one of those horror movies where people in their twenties play with the dark arts around a campfire, getting into a lot of trouble by doing it. A portal was opened containing a world of demons known as the Kelippoth of the Sitra Achra by a man whose daughter, Summer, is kidnapped by something, taken to him. Summer is trained by a mysterious group whose identities are never revealed to combat demonic monsters. This is part of the plot that lends itself to scrutiny. Anyway, three wannabee witches, who went to high school together, Renea, the most enthusiastic and serious practitioner in the dark arts, and their lesbian cohorts, Jasmine and Marlene (..is more or less a passing fad with them, though ... Join friends Jason and Ricky on a desert trip where Summer has disappeared from his home ten years ago. Opening the portal through a spoken text written in an ancient book, a demon is released as well as Summer, now a baby warrior whose training led to a body and very fit and athletic skills that were needed to ward off the monsters of the world. <br /> <br /> The low budget contains a crazy but ambitious story, and as the story unfolds as Summer tries to remember how to make a living, she tries to find a way out of the woods, everything happened, while befriending Jason, who wants to help her make up for lost time. The action is mainly done in the dark, making it difficult to decipher any violence. Brigitte Kingsley (and the rest of the female cast), is a beautiful eyewear, dressed meimely like a female Conan, a beautiful body that we have to take pleasure in observing from the moment she appears until the closing of the film. Some lesbianism (..a few kisses and caresses) and nudity spice things up well, and the cast seems to be amused by the silly plot .. it's so absurd that the silly tone is probably appropriate for the material. <br /> <It may be of interest to co-star "Captain Courageous" Christian (real name, Jason Reso) from World Wrestling Entertainment as one of the group, feigning his alter ego, like a chicken, shivering at the sound of a twig. Landy Cannon is an unlikely hero, Jason, a naive young man in love, whose ex-fiancee, Jasmine (Vanessa James), is bi-sexual and in love with Marlene (... Jasmine's cruelty is to play with Jason's feelings, hiding -the case with Marlene of his knowledge) while Ricky and Renea try to keep him from this idea that he can rekindle a dead flame that has gone, never to light again. The demon of Kelippoth is mostly obscured, I suppose not to show how ridiculous / ridiculous it seems if presented in full. The lesbian antics of Jasmine and Marlene (Haley Shannon) are mostly tame, their love, once alone in the forest in front of a tree, is dimmed and also illuminated using the darkness of the night. My rating is somewhat favorable in that regard, almost exclusively because of Kingsley, for purely superficial reasons, rather than the plot or production of films. The film aims to please and is marketed to boys (and girls who love hot women). I think, for the most part, mood swings a bit.
