This is certainly a strange way of promoting a movie about which much has rested. And it seems like a simple suicide on the part of the studio, since (1) The fights between the cast were well-known well before the release of the film. (2) The dispute between the producer (Robert Fryer) and the director (Michael Sarne) was also well known. (3) The cast made no secret of their contempt for the film and made it public at every opportunity, with daily set bulletins cheerfully reported by gossip columnists everywhere. <br /> <br /> And (4) The author, Gore Vidal hated practically from day one. However, this slogan sums it all up. Raquel Welch does a decent performance like Myra, and she looks lovely in addition. John Huston is very funny like Buck Loner, the former Cowboy Star who runs a fake acting academy. Mae West, (on her first screen appearance since 1943) has naturally rewrote her part to suit herself, and she's great as "oversexed" (and that's the least) "Talent Agent" Leticia Van Allen . Still, she must have wondered (after waiting so long for a good vehicle to return) as she's already done with the mess. <br /> <br /> Tom Selleck (in his movie debut) is one of his "clients". John Carradine and Jim Backus, as Doctors, also manifest briefly. Rex Reed like Myron, Farrah Fawcett and Roger Herren, as victims of Myra / Myron's sexual passion, are neither here nor there. The same goes for the script, which not only does not focus on the basic plot of the book, but seems to follow at least three different directions at the same time. Although West's part was originally larger, it was reduced to a special role when Sarne finished editing. And partly because of that, she seems to be in a different film. Apparently, at some point, the Producers realized that Mae would be the big attraction of the movie and, unable to replace most of their footage, they ran back to the set at the end of the filming for the second of their two songs. They both come out of nowhere. The device that Sarne used to cast old movie clips from past stars to emphasize any points he was making, did not work at all. When the movie ends, all that a tired viewer can do is imagine what the heck that was. Not surprisingly, almost everyone connected with the production felt the same way, and died at the box office. A technically flawless DVD includes (among other extras) separate comments from Welch and Sarne, each of whom has completely opposite opinions about what went wrong. There is no doubt that the relaunch of home video was motivated by a "Vanity Fair" of 2001. piece, which tried (in great detail) do the same thing. It is true that the structure of the novel made the screen adaptation a dubious undertaking, but with Sarne ahead of what was obviously a "problematic" production, he never had a chance.
