It was the sixties, and anyone with long hair and a distant, detached attitude could get money to make a movie. This is how Michael Sarne, director of this colossal failure, got the job. Sarne is one of the most supremely untalented people who has ever won a dollar to make a movie. In fact, the whole studio must have been led to agree to hire a guy who had made exactly one previous film, a terribly precious black and white 60s featurette named Joanna. The film starred the hopeless actress Genevieve Waite with no talent who could barely speak a whole line without getting into some inappropriate facial expression or a twitter-like bat. Sarne, who was probably unable to direct a cartoon, did not mind a Hollywood big budget movie, was in her head. David Giler's book is the best place to find out how Sarne, the terrible fake child, managed to run his hand through everyone's eyes. If there is any historical marker that indicates the superficiality and superficiality of an era, Myra Breckinridge provides this marker. It embodies the emptiness and irrational excess of a decade, which is most often remembered by a great change of tide in the body politic. Breckinridge is a touchstone of another equally important vein. Watch this movie and you will have a different perspective on the less often void spirit void, which has so often gone through talent during those years. <br /> <br /> Many reviewers have talked about the intersection of filming of other films, especially the older ones. Some really liked those clumsy "comments" about what was going on in the movie, others found them meaningless, annoying and intrusive, although, as the film is so bad, any invasion would have to be an improvement. <br /> <br /> In my opinion, the real reason why Michael Sarne put so many movie clips in Myra Brekinridge was to write about the lack of insight and imagination he possessed. That is, Sarne was so challenging of imagination that he just released these clips to take up space and take time. They were not inspiration, they were despair. His writing skills were non-existent, and David Giler wisely walked away from the project as if it were from a time bomb, so Sarne was left to really try to make a movie, and he could not. It was beyond his fine abilities. Hence the introduction of what appears to be half the clips of an entire movie. The ghosts of writers and directors - many long-hailed - were called upon to fix this disastrous flopperoo because Sarne certainly could not. That's what he invented in those days when he sat on the set and thought for eight hours while all the cast and crew (not to mention the producers and the accountants) refreshed their heels and waited for something, some great spark of imagination, a suggestion of originality, a breath of wit, from the forehead of Zeus. Oops. Without Zeus + unimaginative + no sparks = millions of small dollar bills with tiny wings - each made from the hundreds of licensing agreements needed to use the clips - flying out the window. Bye Bye. <br /> <br /> As for me, I hated the movie clips. They denigrated Sarne's many superiors, mocked people whose talents - even those whose abilities were not good - far outstripped the director's abilities and eventually served to show how needy he was in inspiration, originality - and even pure competence even the least of them.
