Anyone who knows me remotely can say that I love bad movies almost as much as I love great movies, and I can honestly say that I have finally seen one of the legendary bad movies of all time: the almost indescribable mess that is MYRA. BRECKINRIDGE An adaptation of Gore Vidal's bestselling book (he later renounced this film version), the movie MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is actually such a bad movie that it remains bizarre and entertaining from beginning to end. The pornographic film about sex-change operations and Hollywood was an absolute catastrophe at the box office and was literally booed on screen by both critics and the public at the time of its release. Not surprisingly, the film gained a near-legendary cult status among bad movie lovers, and I was actually very excited to finally see it for the first time. Director Michael Sarne (who only had two previous directing credits for his name at the time) took a lot of attention to the finished film, and in honesty it really does not look like he had one clue about what he was trying to achieve. The film is often incoherent, with whole sequences edited together in a half-gloomy way that many scenes become almost incomprehensible. Also annoying is the artifice of using archive footage of Fox's coffers and placing them in the picture at regular intervals. This means that there are archive footage of stars from past films, such as Judy Garland and Shirley Temple, staged in recent scenes of often lascivious sex acts, and the process simply does not work as intended (this also caused a minor uproar as actors like Temple and Loretta Young sued the studio for using their image without permission. <br /> <br /> Perhaps Sarne is not the only one to blame, however, since the script and cast of the film will also make many viewers shake the studio. For example, this movie will ask you to believe that skinny film critic Rex Reed (in his first and last major film role) could have a sex-change operation and emerge as the beautiful sex goddess Raquel Welch The film becomes even harder to keep up with when Welch and Myra try to take over a film school from their despicable uncle (played by legendary film director John Huston), seduce a the film student (Farrah Fawcett) and teach the school's bad boy. (Roger Herren) a lesson in raping him with a tape vibrator. Did everyone follow this? <br /> <br /> And it gets even better (or worse, depending on your perspective)! I have not yet mentioned the movie's most prominent star: the legendary sex symbol of the 1930s screen, Mae West! Ms. West was 77 when she appeared in this film (she had retired for 26 years), and apparently she still considered herself a formidable sex symbol while playing a talented talent agent who has handsome men (including a young Tom Selleck) if for her. As if that were not enough, the deaf West performs two newly written songs in the middle of the movie, and I think I might have suffered permanent brain damage by listening to them! Of course, none of this resembles something that any good person would describe as "good," but I would give MYRA BRECKINRIDGE a 4 out of 10 because it was always morbidly fun even when I had no idea of What the hell should be going on. Also, most of the cast goes a long way. Rachel, in particular, seems so obsessed with turning her badly written part into something significant that she alone can make the movie worth watching. If she was only working with a decent script and a capable director, she might have finally received some kind of respect from the critics. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is also fine. The captivating John Huston (who really should be directing the movie) has some funny moments, Rex Reed is not bad for a non-actor, and Farrah Fawcett is pleasantly young and likable. Roger Herren is also fine, but he never appeared in another movie after that (I think he just could not live being the guy who was beaten by Raquel Welch). And as anyone could guess from the above description, Mae West was totally out of her mind when she agreed to make this movie - but that's part of what makes it fun for those of us who love bad movies.
