Rarely seen since theatrical release in 1970, MYRA BRECKINRIDGE has become synonymous with cinematic disasters of legendary proportions. Now, finally, on DVD, in an unexpectedly beautiful package, it is unlikely to win a large audience today, as it was when it was first released. <br /> <br /> Gore Vidal's bestseller in 1968 was a dark and satirical statement. Most filmmakers felt that the story, structure, and general tone of the novel would not translate into film, and industry members were surprised when 20th Century Fox not only acquired the rights but also hired Vidal to adapt his novel to screens. But studio executives soon got their feet flat on the floor: Vidal's adaptations were repeatedly rejected and newbie writer and director Michael Sarne was hired to bring the film to the screen. <br /> <br /> Studio executives expected Sarne to take advantage of the youth market. they targeted the film, but Sarne proved even more out of touch with the material than the executives themselves. Rewrite after rewriting followed. The cast, feeling the disaster, became increasingly combative. In her DVD commentary, star Raquel Welch says she rarely had any idea what Myra's motives were from scene to scene or even any scene, and that every person involved seemed to be making a completely different movie. In the accompanying "Back Story" documentary, Rex Reed says MYRA BRECKINRIDGE was a movie made by a group of people who hid in their locker rooms while waiting for their lawyers to return their calls. <br /> <br /> The accuracy of these comments is demonstrated by the film itself. The basics of Vidal's story are there, but not only has history been stripped of all the wider implications, it seems to have no meaning in itself. Everything runs in multiple directions, nothing connects, and numerous scenes undermine whatever the logic of the previous scenes. And while director Sarne repeatedly states in his commentary that he wanted to make the film pure hoax, the only laughs generated are accidental. <br /> <br /> The main of these accidents is Mae West. It is true that West is unexpectedly well preserved in appearance and that she has lost nothing with a one-liner - but there is no avoiding the fact that she is in her seventies, and her conviction that she is still the most scam Sexy shoe leather is extremely unsettling, to say the least. But worse, in fact, is the fact that West is out of his age. His efforts to translate into a hip personality and event result in one of the most embarrassing self-caricatures ever seen in the film. <br /> <br /> The remaining cast is largely wasted. Raquel Welch, a significantly understated actress, plays the title role of Myra much like a Barbie doll with steroids; the non-actor Rex Reed is unexpectedly effective in the role of Myron, but the whole role is essentially pointless. Only John Huston and presenters John Carradine, Jim Backus, William Hopper and Andy Devine leave relatively unscathed. Yes, it really is the disaster that everyone involved in the movie feared was: fast when it should be slow, slow when it should be fast, relentlessly dull from beginning to end. It is true that director Sarne has an occasional inspired idea - as in his use of Shirley Temple clips to Judy Garland to create a counterpoint to the action - but in general whenever Sarne is introduced to a choice of how to do something he seems to have done wrong. <br /> <br /> The how and why of this is made clear in Sarne's audio commentary. Sarne did not like the novel or, in this case, the subject in general. He did not want to write the script, but he needed the money; he emphatically did not want to direct the film, but he needs the money. He makes it very clear that he did not like the author Gore Vidal and Rex Reed (at one point he categorically states that Reed "is not a good person"), and to this day he considers that Vidal and Reed worked together to sabotage the film because he refused to play on his "homosexual agenda" - which, by the time you get to that point, seems to have been their desire that Sarne really fillo the Vidal novel rather than his own strange takeoff. <br /> Although he spends a fair amount of commentary claiming that the film is highly appreciated by the gay community, Sarne never seems to understand that the film's appeal to a gay audience stems from its ridiculously inaccurate portrayal of homosexual people. . When interpreted in conjunction with the film itself, Sarne comes across as more than a little homophobic - and frankly the only worst choice of writers and directors that could have been made for this project. <br /> <br /> In addition to Sarne and Welch's comments and the making-of documentary, the DVD release includes several trailers and two versions of the film: a version of "theatrical version" and a "restored" . The only difference between the two is that the final scene in the "restored" version was printed in black and white. Edits made before the movie was released have not been restored, but the documentary details what they were. The widescreen transfers of both are incredibly good and the sound is pretty good. But to finish where I started, this is, in fact, a movie that will appeal to film historians, moviegoers, and cult movie fans. I give him three out of five stars just because of them, but everyone should get through it. <br /> <br /> Gary F. Taylor, also known as GFT, Amazon Reviewer
