MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is one of those rare films that have established their place in film history right away. Praise for the film was absolutely nonexistent, even from the people involved in doing it. This movie has been hated since day one. While occasionally encountering some dissident who will praise the film for philosophical reasons (aggressive feminism or the courage to address the issue of transgenderism), the film did not develop a cult of followers as do some notorious failures. It is not acclaimed as a misunderstood masterpiece as SCARFACE, or trodden to be ridiculed as a camp classic as the SHOWGIRLS. <br /> <br /> Undoubtedly, the reason is that the film, though outrageously horrible, is not kind, not even pleasant. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is simply simple. Like a Hollywood satire, it is cold-blooded and stingy, but in an empty and meaningless way. MYRA takes it for granted that Hollywood is a corrupt city, but goes further attacking icons as beloved as Laurel and Hardy, Shirley Temple, Judy Garland and Gary Cooper. The movie seems to imply that everything about Hollywood is by its very nature vile. It seems to think that there is something intrinsically courageous in mocking sacred cows, but it does not provide a justification for making mockery in the first place. The film is also visibly anti-American and anti-establishment and anti-it and anti-it, but all in a superficial way, late of the 60's and modern. As CASINO ROYALE; SKI-DOO; I LOVE YOU, ALICE B. TOKLAS and other would-be fashion epics, MYRA is a middle-aged view of young hippie culture. He tries to embrace the very demeaning attitude. But instead of being merrily self-mocking, MYRA makes no attempt to hide its contempt for all that is within its reach. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE has the mood of a bully; There is not a single moment of innocence in this. Your intentions are not honored. TIME magazine described it appropriately as being "as funny as a child molester," but it is not so nice. <br /> <br /> For example, poor Mae West has borne the brunt of many of the criticism directed at the film, being described as looking like everything from an aging drag queen to a revived corpse. The octogenarian star, of course, did not know how ridiculous she seemed to be an agent of lascivious talent, wishing men young enough to be her grandchildren or even her great-grandchildren. But director Michael Sarne had to know, but he used it anyway. Because? Because, apparently, she was the joke. Like John Huston, John Carradine, Grady Sutton, Andy Devine and other veterans in the film, they are just there so the film can mock their age and use them to destroy their cinematic images. They are chosen as selfish parodies, as are Rex Reed, the arrogant and fanatical movie critic who is chosen in exactly the film. But the real Reed, the celebrity hunter, the gossip, the talk show gossip, can be charming in a hateful way; but like Myron, Myra's alter ego, he's just nasty. Again, apparently to Sarne, Reed is the joke. <br /> <br /> You watch MYRA BRECKINRIDGE and you do not see actors, you see victims. Nothing more than Raquel Welch. No one will ever accuse Welch of being a great actress, but it is a testament to her tenacity and her appeal that she survived this film and her career thrived. Being in almost every scene, Welch was in front and center as a target for the abuse intended for the film, but to his credit, she performs remarkably nuanced. Although, of course, centered between the Huston chewing landscape and the almost catatonic West, Welch does not have to do much to get a good balance. Even so, she makes her conversation horribly bland with an expressionless smile, with only a hint of hypocritical joy that would make any proud Bond villain. Legend has it that Welch was snubbed by a condescending West and subjected to repeated verbal abuse on the set by the disgruntled director Sarne, not to mention being featured in one demeaning scene after another, making it even more remarkable that she was able to perform such a performance legal and collective. <br /> <br /> The only intriguing element of the movie is trying to figure out what the movie's schedule is. The whole story is a fantasy fable, which should indicate that it has a morality to be delivered, but what that can be is an assumption from anyone. With all her talk about the destruction of "the vestigial vestiges of the traditional masculinity of the race," she seems to have a feminist ax to grind. But as a feminist, Myra is a monstrous figure, a sexual predator. Besides, Myra is not a woman, but an illusion of Myron, who is presumably a gay man. This may explain the male rape scene, as well as the character's love / hate attitude toward the apparently straight male Rusty, but that does not explain his obsession with the allegedly lesbian encounter with Farrah Fawcett's Mary Ann. The film is obsessed with sex, but can hardly be accused of being in favor of the sexual revolution; all sex is treated as being, if not dirty, at least perverse and degrading. Turning to Gore Vidal's original novel is of no help because it is as confusing and pointless as the movie. <br /> <br /> And this is a rare movie that really seems to hate movies. Not just movies as a business, but movies as part of the culture as well. The film itself is arcane wall-to-wall reference to old films, of which Sarne approaches with a sneer. He invaded the coffers of the 20th Century Fox movie and stuffed the film with snippets of old movies, not as a tribute or to provide a social commentary, but to mock the innocence of old Hollywood. How can an artist - if you generously want to call Sarne - make a work of art if he already hates the very environment in which he is working? The effort itself is totally counterproductive. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE does not seem to be in favor of anything else but to be just unpleasant. He hates Hollywood, hates America, hates sex, hates gay and straight, and women and men and older people and young people, and Laurel and Hardy and, well, you name it and you probably have a scene showing contempt for it. In a very sad and sorry way, MYRA BRECKINRIDGE may be the first punk manifesto, a celebration of pop culture nihilism.
