I bought a set of 4 DVDs for $ 10 on my local Suncoast, which contained this movie and three other trash horror movies (including their sequel "Witchcraft XI"). So basically, I paid the minimum price of $ 2.50 for that movie, if you do the math. I can not exactly say that I was robbed. I have a crush on worthless horror movies, but this is the kind of garbage that gives a bad name to the trash. The budget could not be more than $ 1,000 (though it seems like they spent a total of $ 1.50). I know it's a low budget movie, but that's no excuse for a totally uninspired camera job. The film "Cult of the Blood", though not very good, was made for an extremely low budget and still had quite good camera work and acting. The acting in this film is the definition of "effortless," especially that muscular guy with the Texan accent. Everyone is reading the lines of the page. You can take this figuratively or literally. I would not be surprised if the script was off the camera while they were performing. I said before that I never saw a bad English actor. This movie has some bad ones. And although English films are not always good, they always seem to have at least a level of sophistication, which is why I do not see why any English or English would offer to make a home video style film like this . Merchant Ivory has suspended casting calls? I usually think people are very tough with directors and actors. Even some of the worst Hollywood movies have some level of professionalism in the directorate, performance and cinematography departments. Even when you watch a movie like "Glitter" you can not honestly say that it looks like a third grader recorded these scenes (although a third grader wrote the screenplay). I've seen home movies that are filmed better than "Witchcraft X", and that's no exaggeration. Even the blood is minimal, since the filmmakers only had money to buy some fake blood for sale in Party City. Not a single effort was made to make this movie - let's sum this up. You get the picture. There's a good deal of nudity, though that does not save. However, I must say that the girl with red-orange hair, who is naked or wearing a pop-pickling clothes over the film, is very hot! My score: 1 (out of 10)
