I did not really like the first movie "Cube". It was a good idea, but the annoying acting and the characters always kept me from enjoying it very much. I did not really feel the need to see their sequence, but when I knew they were making a third movie that would act more like a prequel to the original. I was intrigued, thinking that maybe they would solve some of the original's problems and provide us with a memorable cast of characters. Well, I thought wrong. "Zero Cube" begins well enough, introducing us with the two characters in charge of watching and maintaining the endless labyrinth of traps that plagues people in the Cube. Filmmakers can provide a sense of mystery with the establishment of the daily routine of the two men. Several questions are raised from it, about why people are sent there and also the true nature of the people who perform the whole operation. All of which are left entirely to the viewer. The acting was a bit weak, but after all, the first half of the movie moved relatively well. <br /> <br /> With history moving on, one of the two "observers" begins to develop serious doubts about what they are doing. And then he decides to go and help a group of people in prison. This is where everything quickly begins to dissolve into a bland cheese. <br /> <br /> Sent by the people who run the Cube program, we are introduced to the character "Jax". Along with his two subordinates, the main reason for the failure of this film is the reason. To begin with, "Jax" looks and speaks more like a third villain taken directly from a James Bond movie complete with the ever-popular "glass eye," which alone ruins any atmosphere created by the relatively pleasant rhythm of the first half. What's more, it's starting to look more like a comedy than a serious movie. With some incredibly sentimental lines, maybe the writer would get bored and did not care. The performance itself degrades even more when the previous "observer" finds the group in the Cube. All the interaction is painful to watch, as well as everything else to follow. <br /> <br /> Again, do not impress on anything but weak characters, dialogue and acting "Cube Zero" is a waste of time for those looking for a good horror film.
