but "Cinderella" gets my vote, not just for the worst of the Disney Princess films, but for the worst film the company made during Walt's life. The music is genuinely beautiful and the story deserves to be called "classical." What fails in this film are the characters, particularly the title character, who could only be called "heroine" in the most free sense of the term. <br /> <br /> After a brief prologue, the audience is introduced to Cinderella. . She is waking up in the morning and singing "A dream is a wish your heart makes." This establishes her as an idealist (and therefore deserving of our sympathy). Unfortunately, the script does not give us any clue as to what she is dreaming about. Freedom from your role of servant? Respect for your stepdaughter? Someone to talk to besides rats and birds? In a song (cut from the film, but featured in the special features section of the latest DVD), Cinderella recounts her wish that there may be many of her so she can do her job more efficiently. You go, girlfriend! In short, Cinderella is a very soft character. She passively accepts the abuse of her family, escaping from her unspoken dreams for relief. She only asserts herself once, reminding her stepmother that she is still a member of the family. For this, she is given permission to go the ball if she completes her housework and finds something to wear, a symbolic gesture that is clearly absurd to all except, of course, Cinderella. Can anyone see Belle or Jasmine being such a doormat? If Cinderella is dull, her male counterpart is nothing short of lifeless. The Prince in Cinderella receives no dialogue and almost no screen time. We are given no indication if he is a good man, whether he respects Cinderella or anything else. All we know is that 1) he is a prince and 2) he dances well. Heck, even the prince of "Snow White" managed to sing a romantic song at least. This lack of development not only makes the novel less interesting, but also makes Cinderella look like a social climber or an idiot, weakening his already tenuous appeal. <br /> <br /> Maybe realizing how the main characters were dull. The animators chose to give excessive time on the screen to the film's comic relief, Cinderella's friends, the mice. Granted, these characters are fun. Even so, when comic relief steals the show from the directors, well let's just say that your story has some problems. <br /> <br /> Dinsey loves to proclaim all of his animated features as "masterpieces." While many of them are, there are some who do not deserve this feature anyway. Cinderella is an excellent example of this fact.
