After launching Cube 2: Hypercube (2003), and throwing away the alleged success of the original cube (1998), director Ernie Barbarash takes the liberty of bringing us the third installment of the trilogy, the prequel Cube Zero. At the bottom of the gut of a giant faceless institution, time and place unknown, two low-level operators, Wynn (Zachary Bennett) and Dodd (David Huband) sit and watch the behavior of people who have been placed in a giant network of cubic chambers, some of which are equipped with deadly traps. Saying that the people they are watching are condemned criminals who have chosen this horrible and deadly ordeal with a lethal injection, these observers had no problem with their work until Wynn, a mathematical genius, discovers that one of the prisoners, a woman named Cassandra (Stephanie Moore) has never agreed to be placed inside the Cube. Suddenly you realize that perhaps your "works" are not what they seem, and that they can be part of something deeply sick and distorted ... <br /> <br /> For people who have seen and enjoyed the Original cube, this prequel will probably not be to your liking. It is not that history has no potential; it's simply that the Cube's first movie never needed to be expanded. Alone, it's a little psychological thriller with very interesting concepts and a certainty about your own message. It was also well self-catering. The problem with Cube Zero is that it destroys some of the mystique of the original, trying to answer questions with more questions, but only resulting in the confusion of what never needed to be fixed. <br /> <br /> What movie is this? have to offer, which are questions about the psychological nature of authoritarianism and the banality of evil, are certainly good questions to be raised, but should probably have been made on their own merits rather than as a continuation of a film that had not been said this, the other traits of the film, such as acting and directing and writing, are not terrible. There's a dark and somber look for the movie, similar to the movie noir as 'The Matrix' and 'Dark City', and they certainly managed to regain the claustrophobic feel of the first Cube. Unfortunately for Barbarash, these are not enough positive qualities to save him.
