Steven Vasquez directed and co-wrote with James Townsend, the star, this small and strange horror film with obviously very good ideas and intentions: to make a gay film that has a different plot than usual and to make a drama that wants to be judged on its merits as a thriller. So why does not it work? To begin with, the film loses the direction of the opening picture and wanders aimlessly throughout the film, determined to make a thriller of suspense, but bypassing to satisfy an audience that wants to see naked encounters. Not that this is a bad thing: certainly it can improve some movies that were Hollywood hits. The film also tries to talk about experiences in young men and women, relationships, troubled parents, the club scene with all the wild shenanigans that accompany such events - and murder. It's all a bit too much to squeeze into a 96-minute movie. Devon (James Townsend) by all appearances is a successful boy with a lovely girlfriend Jenna (Sarah Kelly), but he has an eye for boys and visits a bar where he meets Brian (Alex Wilson ) which has been on the same path and can offer Devon assistance at all levels. Devon's psychiatrist, Dr. Kirk Tyler (Dan Swett) is nothing of what he seems to be and despite Devon's comforting mother, Donna (Sonja Fisher ) Devon is launched on the streets because of their new relationship. It seems that Dr. Tyler is in an obscure business with Detective Cunningham (Earl McDougle) who is apparently investigating the missing boys ... Devon gathers his resources from his comprehensive girlfriend Jenna and his companions and together the group reveals the dark feats of the Dr. Tyler and his detective helper. And through it all, Donna radiates warmth and understanding as the perfect mother of a gay boy, etc. <br /> <br /> Some of the actors are pleasing to the eye (and there is very little that the eye does not examine often!), but the degree of acting is at a low level of all time. The only thing that makes us forgive this (and in some cases is very bad to forgive) is the feeling of commitment on the part of all involved. Yes, this is a low budget film and yes, the director needs time to learn his craft. But in the end there is something to be said for the people involved to try to take a gay movie to a different level. Maybe the next one is more polished. Grady Harp
