... and not in a good way. Basketball is a waste of film in every way. It is offensive to all senses. This does not necessarily bother me, I've seen many bad movies, very bad movies before and I'll see them again. Basketball, however, is a gauge movie where you regret wasting ninety minutes of life sitting through it. The reason BASEketball offends me is that he plays Trey Parker and Matt Stone in a movie they did not write. Any respect I had for David Zucker has long since exhausted. His recent lies are lazy movies that seem to have been made by prepubescent boys laughing at penis jokes. "Airplane" was a revolutionary comedy and very funny, watching BASEketball you will be surprised to discover that they were made by the same person. <br /> <br /> I have a lot of respect for Trey Parker and Matt Stone. These men are the funniest and smartest comedians of the day. Your South Park photos and episodes are as relevant as they are funny. Every joke even the fart jokes have intelligence behind them. It is easy to forget that there is a mature way of approaching immaturity. I imagine BASEketball was a great growing experience for them because they hate the movie for the right reasons. It's a stupid mess with no sense of dignity or class. Parker and Stone basically prostitute themselves. The movie plays like a 90-minute episode of Family Guy. <br /> <br /> Parker and Stone have never been great actors. They were helpful in their films. I really can not find a way to describe their performance in BASEketball, other than the fact that it looks like they are faking a parody movie that fakes a fake movie. Each line is delivered in such a silly way. It's like they're trying to make fun of the worst of these types of photos, and yet they turn out the same way. I remember the South Park episode "How to Eat with Your Butt," where Cartman sits in a movie theater watching a rough comedy without plot or plausibility, except coarse, Parker and Stone use the same voices they did in that scene. for this whole picture. It really is sad. <br /> <br /> And yet, that's not my problem with BASEketball. My biggest complaint about the photo is that I sit there knowing that Parker and Stone are intentionally following this script of crap. I know that if they took the damn thing and rewrote it, it could have been recovered to the point of being watchable. There is no indication that Zucker allowed them to improvise scenes. Parker and Stone are merely tools for a bad director. BASEketball has some funny concepts and I think Parker, especially if he was allowed to use Zuckers script, could have elaborated more on them. Instead, we have the potty's mood. Do not rent BASEketball you can get the same laughs by watching a group of high school students joking
