I gave this movie a 5 out of pure worth. My intention is not to burst anyone's bubble, because I have seen, as I have heard in other reviews, that this film is much appreciated by many. Well, not worth praise, and I say this because I saw the original anime, Basilisk, and this movie deeply embarrasses you. Maybe if you see Shinobi alone, you might like it. It is pleasant because of well-choreographed battles, fantasy-based rather than martial arts, and I agree that their beauty is profoundly enhanced. But the story is nothing like the original. Now, I understand that when you transform an anime / manga into a movie, you have to make some changes. I was not expecting to see the weird anime characters, although they have a well-established role, and some are truly deep and well-designed. But I certainly did not expect to see immense and misplaced changes that basically ruined the whole story. Characters that are dramatically and ethically mutilated, transformed into something that the public can love more, perhaps. For example, Oboro, who in the anime is a sweet and innocent girl, completely and totally in love with Gennosuke, becomes a vindictive clan leader in the film. I liked the fact that the woman becomes strong and avoids the limitations imposed on her by the time (we are talking about Japan, seventeenth century), but her mood swings are unbelievable and poorly written. Hotarubi, who is one of my favorite characters in the movie but who is not known for her childish and sensitive nature, becomes a pathetic little girl who not only is not madly in love with anime but is more or less worthless in plot. I could continue and continue, as did Tenzen, the worst and most dangerous character in the anime, exceptionally weak and unattractive, or as Gennosuke, the main character seems completely out of place and confusing, not to mention, again weak. The music is beautiful and the image is impressive, what was expected of a Japanese movie, and I thank you for it. But do not watch this if you have seen and enjoyed Basilisk because it is simply impossible. Basilisk, though fantasy-based, with elements of horror and largely exaggerated is splendid and has much more depth in its characters, plot, historical value and is, I can say, moving. Shinobi was a waste of time and I could not believe I kept going after what should be the climax. Unfortunately, it hurts me deeply to judge a movie so harshly, but I advise against it. Please watch the anime, or at least watch the movie first and then repair your image of what Basilisk really is watching the anime. Otherwise, you will have a seizure when you realize how they massacred you.
