It seems a shame that Greta Garbo has finished his illustrious career at age 36 with this ridiculous marital play of mistaken identity. Coming out of the success of her first romantic comedy, Ernst Lubitsch's masterful "Ninotchka" (1939), where she was ideally cast as Russia's austere broadcaster, Garbo rejoins her protagonist Melvyn Douglas for a story at the level of comedy that makes her playing Karin Borg, a simple ski instructor who impulsively joins the publishing executive Larry Blake when he falls in love with her. Once he makes it clear that work is his priority, Karin inadvertently decides to disguise his twin sister Katherine to test her husband's fidelity when he is back in Manhattan. It is surprising that this infamous failure of 1941 was directed by George Cukor, who led Garbo to his greatest dramatic performance in "Camille", 1937, because this is a vehicle as flattering as one could imagine for the legend of the screen. Only someone with the natural sense of ease and malice of Carole Lombard could have gotten rid of the antics presented in the number script by S.N. Behrman, Salka Viertel, and George Oppenheimer. MGM's intent behind this comedy was to temporize and Americanize the image of Garbo to war audiences that the studio bosses felt were not interested in the characters of the tragic period she favored in the 1930s. Meanwhile, Garbo seems ill-attended. ease especially as the fake party girl Katherine and especially in comparison to such tricky experts as Douglas and Constance Bennett as romantic rival Griselda. Photographed unpleasantly by Joseph Ruttenberg, Garbo seems tired in many scenes and utterly hideous in her hairstyle for the "girl-hatch" dance sequence. The story ends conventionally, but with the addition of a long physical sequence where Larry tries to maneuver his skis into a series of mountain cliffs that unfortunately reminds me of Sonny Bono's death. Roland Young and Ruth Gordon (in a rare appearance at this point in their career) appear in supporting comic roles as Douglas associates. This movie is not yet on DVD, and I would not consider transferring priority, as it represents a curiosity in Garbo's legendary career. She was reportedly quite unhappy during filming. I can see why.
