You may be a bit confused if you watch this nonsense from the beginning, as the credits list Susan Dey as "Special Guest Star." Why would a MOW like that have a guest star? Well, if you stick with it, you'll find yourself paying attention to little more but Mrs. Dey's ass, swaying in a flowered bikini like the "Partridge Family" babe house frolics on the beach to which that imaginative title alludes. Susan's butt is especially compelling as she shakes to the camera as she teases and tickles her pseudo-disgruntled brother in a slightly incestuous scene. Unfortunately, Susie and her tush fight a losing battle: the TV fan craze that could have shaken the top was three years off, so the sweet serve only has a supporting role. In 1976, Fat Freddy Silverman would have put it back and used this film as Susan's audition tape for "Charlie's Angels". As it is, our Susan was denied cheesecake immortality and had to settle for a very commendable career by playing gloomy, neurotic women. <br /> <br /> The vision beyond Susan's heinie, it must be said, is not very convincing. The scenery is good, and photographed in a bizarre and obscure way that quickly makes you think that there may be some quirky creative intelligence working behind the scenes. No. It's just a thrill thriller typically made for the '70s, which allowed the weekly series stars to earn some extra money (and collect some scrap of cable, though they obviously did not know it at the time) and show their "reach." "Here, we are treated to a nuclear family on a TV scale, facing villains who can not decide whether they are a biker gang or a hippie cult (so filmmakers make a difference by putting them in buggies). The only potential for depth in this film is in Steve's already-mentioned teenage son, played by Kristoffer Tabori (who has already been reminded) who is supposed to be threatening his family, but Steve, played by Tabori (oh, why did not we see that kind of prodigy any more? ), Is actually just grumpy and grumpy and is not at all conflicted when the big D gets serious and traces a line in the proverbial (and literal) sand. For private sleep and Susan Deyniacs (there must be Guns of you out there) only.
