When this movie is shown on television, you may want to save about 90 minutes of your time and change the channel. There is nothing special here that you need to see. The story is about two Arkansas couples traveling together to Reno. Couple number one is Lonnie Earl Dodd (Billy Bob Thornton), who is a car dealer and having problems with his marriage. His wife is Darlene (Natasha Richardson) and she has a low self-opinion of herself and they have not been close for a long time. Lonnie has slept with Candy (Charlize Theron), who is the wife of his best friend Roy Kirkendall (Patrick Swayze). They all drive to Reno and all four stay in a luxury suite. Roy and Candy are trying to have a baby and finally Candy discovers that she is pregnant. But Roy calls his doctor in Arkansas and discovers he's barren. Candy and Lonnie admit their case and now the whole trip is in chaos. This movie is directed by Jordan Brady and he has made some other low budget movies but this is his first with such an impressive cast. Unfortunately, Brady does not show much comedic talent, but you can not put all the blame on him. This script is not funny and one of the problems is that the characters are all written on a sitcom level. Just because they are all from the South does not mean they have to be naive and idiots. Thornton's character does not have the sophistication to give more than a dollar to the messenger. And Swayze's character is called stupid and dumb for everyone throughout the film and one of the rare good times comes when he asks everyone to quit him for at least a day. Penelope Cruz appears as a prostitute and is a totally useless and useless cameo. She barely talks more than 3 or 4 lines! I think she was fulfilling an obligation to Harvey and Bob Weinstein, who are executive producers of that film. The only person who is not really bad is Richardson. We see her getting more confident in herself, but this plot in the film is very obvious and cliché. All these actors should know better and it is hard to imagine that they all read the script and liked it. It is a complete waste of time for these actors, but at least they were paid. As for the viewers, your not being paid so skip this one!
