Slackers is just another teen movie that really is not worth watching. Dave (Devon Sawa), Sam (Jason Segel) and Jeff (Michael C. Maronna) are about to graduate from Holden University with distinction in lying, cheating and planning. The three roommates have proudly snapped up the last four years of college and now, during the final exams, these great men on campus are about to be arrested by the most unlikely guy in the school. The plot is very stupid and there is no reason to watch it unless you want to turn off your brain for a while. Slackers is just a predictable teen movie that really does not add anything new to the genre. The comedy in Slackers is a hit or a failure, but there is not a real funny or original moment in the film. It's really just a collection of jokes and some are actually very funny. Although for every joke that works, there are at least eight more that do not work. The script is full of penises and jokes that some high school and college students may enjoy. Even though they probably will not remember this movie after some time as it is not a memorable comedy. Jason Schwartzman plays the weird Ethan and after appearing in some good comedies, he bends down a lot. Jaime King and Devon Sawa are the other main stars, but they do a pretty poor job in this movie. This is directed by Dewey Nicks and this is his first movie, so you can not blame him too much. The funniest character was probably Laura Prepon, she's not in the movie much. The film is very short, with only 86 minutes in duration, however, this may be too long for some people who do not really like this kind of humor. Slackers is not the worst movie of 2002, but it is certainly below average. When compared to other movies of the genre, there is much better out there like Not Another Teen Movie, American Pie and its sequels, Scary Movie 1 & 2 etc. So unless you've seen most of them and are looking for something new then Slackers can fit into that account, but it's best if you watch something else. Rating 4.3 / 10 a teenage comedy below average that is worth skipping.
