There are many movies that marked release dates, only to be taken out of distribution due to some sort of legal confusion, and then placed in limbo for a long time. You may just want a movie as rotten as "Slackers" to remain in a coma for what it's worth, which is minuscule. The release dates have been continuously changed for this really horrible movie which is as much a bleep on the radar as it deserves. The premise begins under the guise of Ethan, a scary nerd with a scary obsession for the bomb on campus Angela. Ethan counts devilishly on the help of David and his friends, who have cheated the school throughout their blackmail campaign to help conquer Angela. I do not like giving spoilers, but for a crap like that I can make an exception. Angela falls in love with David, Ethan intentionally spoils everything, the good ones win. That is what happens in a nutshell for another tired retread of the coarse teen genre. The crude humor is funny, always back to the times of the immortal classic "Animal House" for contemporaries like "There's Something About Mary" and "Road Trip", among dozens of others that are many. to mention. But when you use this as a plot point, you can only get so far, in that case, Ethan has an Angela doll made up of his individual hair strands, of which he knows God with that. No one wants to testify to watch Ethan pee in the shower while singing to himself. No one wants to watch a young man singing "She'll be coming around the mountain" with a sock on her penis. But nothing can prepare him for the visual assault of seeing the 50's bomb, Mamie Van Doren, with her breasts at age 71. I do not know if it is the lack of coherence of the story, which cuts scenes that make absolutely no sense. Director Dewey Nicks was a former fashion photographer, and after reviewing this movie, you may just wish him to return to the profession. The worst thing you can do in any movie is to make it look like you're having fun because you lower your goals, much like "Slackers," burying your plot outline under a pile of gross, meaningless jokes vignettes and lack of construction. It's like a bunch of college students getting drunk, picking up the camcorder and tossing in a bunch of random junk and compiling it together. If you want to see a teen comedy that is really good, then I suggest "American Pie" and "Animal House", or "Road Trip", just something that is fun, and not terribly bad as "Slackers". Coincidentally, Cameron Diaz makes an appearance in this film, just as she did in another bad movie, such as "The Sweetest Thing," where the story treats rough humor as another plot, rather than a device much like this disaster. you pass "Slackers" at your local video store, keep walking and let it end up at the bottom of the shelf as it deserves.
