I do not usually write a review when there are so many others, but this time I feel like I have to. I told you I like it in another review, saying it's all in the eye of the beholder, but when it comes to this movie, if you like, it simply means you have bad taste. <br /> <br /> I love movies. I loved "Isle of the Dead", which is practically an unknown film in black and white. I even liked "Scream" and "Scary Movie" I liked these movies because they have, if not a lot, at least something good about them. I appreciate 99.9% of the movies I saw because they tell a story I have not heard before, and most directors only make movies with a good story. Throughout this movie I was thinking "Where is this going?" (until near the end) "Where did they get these horrible actors?" "Should that be a joke?" and others. With the obvious turnaround approaching, I was skeptical, but hoped he might "make" the film and prove that I had not wasted my time. I was sadly mistaken. The plot was bad to begin with and the twisting really ruined any glimmer of hope there was. Here's a rundown: Plot? much like the first film, which was good, this is slow and scarce, with no relation of audience with the characters or situations. The situations are difficult, superficial and completely boring and predictable. The turnaround was terrible, did not make me feel such a thing as excitement or WOW. Just "My God". There was nothing in most of the movie that you could look back on and think "Oooo was not that smart" because it was not. In "Fight Club" there are flashbacks at the end showing pieces where Tyler's true identity was shown enigmatically, and when you watched it again you saw more, it was really a genius work, as it was written, placed and directed. This was a senseless attempt at an incredible turnaround. I think it was "wild things" that had a very poor double touch and I still liked the movie because the rest was OK and was not trying too hard to be a big turnaround. It's like the writer CI2 thought it was going to be the best turnaround ever. But, in fact, it's just a bad story with a bad twist in the end. The film ended almost immediately afterwards, with the entire film empty throughout Sebastian's story, signifying nothing and a horribly forced pedophile, ending with a particularly young and innocent girl. Acting? the actors in this movie are scary. Almost as bad as a "Sunset Beach". - Extremely tacky and poorly executed. It's not that bad, it's like "Hunk". The worst performance I thought came from Amy Adams, who played Kathryn, was a rigid performance, pathetic and badly thought by her. Robin Dunne was also poor. I have not yet seen "American Psycho II" but undoubtedly its relaxed "cool" style has ruined the film as well. <br /> <br /> I can not even say it's a good movie for teenagers, as it is not. If my son or daughter liked this movie I would be embarrassed. But they would not do it anyway, because they would take into account all the things that make a good movie that this movie does not have. Same. I'm disappointed that some said "you may not be in the age bracket for this movie, and so you do not like it" I like all the movies I liked when I was a teenager and had great taste. Also, do you really think that when you reach 20+ you suddenly do not like any teen story line? No. I liked "Mean Girls" and other generic teen movies, and watched "Beverly Hills 90210" all the time. There is no excuse for bad direction, acting and script that I am afraid of. Also, I was 16/17 when I first watched. If anything, being older only makes you a better judge of a terrible movie. I can not believe that anyone can give a 10/10, one of my favorite movies is "Memento" and I gave 9 as I know it can be better. It's a shame for this site that people do it, giggle, or do not get the movies / show, and then give it 2. Anyone who has liked this movie really should vary their taste and maybe their lives, and with that realize that this is the worst movie we've ever done. (worse than "Loch Ness") <br /> <br /> If you are not a teenager with bad taste or just plain bad taste, you will absolutely hate this movie.
