Alright, normally I'm not so hard on sequels, especially if the first movie is well done and turned out to be a good movie. As for 1999, I feel that one of the top five films was Cruel Intentions. It had everything a great movie should have, except for an original story, being adapted from a novel that was still very good. On to Cruel Intentions 2, which actually should be just opening for a series based on the movie called manchester prep. Which should not have happened. In fact, after seeing this trifle of a movie I can understand. Before it started, it was as if at least the writer and director Roger Kumble did that too. Well 1 minute for this movie I was disappointed. It starts with a replay of the opening of the original with a different sebastian twist instead of putting the daughter's naked photo shrinks on the net he puts the wife of the school principal in the bare school directory. That would have been good if the girl had not been 50. And basically the rest of the movie is a copy of the original. I understand that if there is nothing wrong with that, leave it as it was. But you can not do this with a movie. Actually, this is a prequel I gave a chance just to see how they came off as in part 1. But with Sebastian being more or less just a frolic and Kathryn being herself and making Sebastian the sexual predator, he was in history real, this movie had no basis for this. Whoever did the casting on this thing was out. They could have at least tried to get people who looked like the original cast, but no, they just hired a lot of actors not even very cute. I'm using this term even though I do not know why. They sure did not do any in this movie. <br /> <br /> This whole movie is a bunch of pamphlets that do not even match the wit that the original had, well some of them did, but it was only because they were from part 1. Another bad point was that in part one you could understand the need for them to act for attention because there was no involvement of their parents and they were misused as if they wanted to show why children are like that. It did not work though. The best thing about the original was that the cast had chemistry that got you into this world. The tension on the screen that was there made the film what it was. This thing really spoils the experience of the first, stay away from it.
