Worst movie ever, this is a statement that people here on IMDb often release. Whether it's a Uwe Boll movie, bad classics like Hands The Fate Hands or Michael Bay's latest brainless summer event, people are quick to jump to the sudden conclusion that in the forum they're posting that there's nothing worse In the world of cinema. <br /> <br /> I envy these people because they are blissfully ignorant and unaware of how deep the rabbit hole is in the production of crap. There are movies so bad, so hideous, so meaningless, hilarious and ridiculous, that cults around them celebrate their horror and their discussion forums are the friendliest places on the internet because everyone unanimously agrees that this movie is really that bad. <br /> <br /> Ladies and Gentlemen, I introduce you to Ben and Arthur, an 85-minute gay epic that's so bad it's a lot like a violent car accident, you know it's horrible, but you do not you can stop looking at it. The idea of ​​self proclaimed "hollywood actor, director" and I can add stranded whale Sam Mraovich, this movie is legendarily terrible. Let me give you a clue how the ego was this project. Mr. Mraovich not only directed this film, wrote it, produced it, performed it, tagged it, edited it, and ultimately starred in it. This is a man so blinded by his own ego and by believing in his nonexistent genius that, as someone with an ugly child, he fails to recognize just how catastrophic his bastard creation really is. <br /> Everything in this film fails on an epic level, the acting is the worst you've ever witnessed, the plot is the most ridiculous, editing and cinematography are the most amateur and even music is like nails on the chalkboard . I am aware that I have a bit of a tangent here, but please believe me that this movie is really as bad as I describe it, I would say that this movie is bullshit crushed into a film roll, but the truth is not even was filmed on film, was filmed on a digital camcorder not much better than the one in your closet, now gathering dust. Do not get me wrong, I forgive low budgets for movies, as long as the concept is interesting, for example, as much as I did not like it. Blair's Witch Project has proven that low budgets can still lead to an interesting movie of the atmosphere. Ben and Arthur do not have a good concept to appeal, even if this film has been filmed with a budget of 20 million, with the best Hollywood actors would still be a drug, the plot is so atrocious and the characters are even worse. One of the main characters that Arthur plays, besides Sam Mraovich, is one of the most disgusting things a movie has ever done. You will not like it less than 5 minutes from the beginning of the movie, and at the end of the movie, hatred has turned into total dislike. Apparently Mr. Mraovich forgot that we should cheer for the hero. <br /> <br /> I do not want to ruin all the joy you'll experience watching this movie (which I ask you not to pay for example, I'll give you two mild examples of how stupid this movie is, smooth and smooth as one of the less offensive mistakes in the movie.In a cut we hear one of the main characters say like "they know a good lawyer and they will call HIM", the shot fades and then disappears back, and this they said earlier is in fact a woman, a spectacular mistake to make in post-production I think. The second is simple, seconds after seeing this transsexual lawyer, the characters are driven to fly to Vermont, then we cut to a plane takeoff landing between the palm trees in a sunny area.I've never been to Vermont in person, but I'm sure you will not find any palm trees there. <br /> <br /> Imagine this kind of stupid amateur inconsistency stretched out for almost an hour and a half combined with a ridiculous dialogue. and plot and then multiply by 10 and still will not fully prepare it for Ben and Arthur. Imagine the worst movie you've ever seen in your life and imagine it's even worse and you're still not on the same level as Ben and Arthur, this movie is really that bad. <br /> <br /> We should be content in a way, movies like this are a real rarity. They give us hope that someday we can become filmmakers or writers. Simply because we will have a new sense of confidence, due to the fact that we will know that nothing we produce, no matter how amateur can be a festival as bad as this. <br /> <br /> The real worst movie ever was finally discovered, and it's called Ben and Arthur.
