Oh man, what was Sam Mraovich thinking? What was involved in this "cinematic" thought? Mraovich is the head of almost everything from "Ben and Arthur": director, writer, producer (also EXECUTIVE PRODUCER!), Pitcher, main star - you name it, he did it. And he (Mraovich) is more annoying than anyone has sucked all the departments of film production. <br /> <br /> So what's wrong with this movie? All. The film is about two gay lovers, Ben (Jamie Brett Gabel) and Arthur (Mraovich-* groan *). Ben and Arthur want to get married in a world where everyone basically hates gay people. To make things worse, Ben's crazy ex-wife (they do not get divorced), Tammy (Julie Belknap) is furious because Ben has left her for another man and demands that Ben get back together (saying she can be gay, too !) and dedicated, overly hypocritical Arthur Christian, just as crazy as Tammy's brother, Victor, is determined to get Arthur to straighten up and then try to kill him after he is expelled from his church. <br /> <br /> The movie is absolutely a block with so many goons (ie, Ben and Arthur fly to Vermont to get married - they go there on Alaska Airlines and Vermont has palm trees; they fly back in a cargo plane from FedEx - I hope they're comfortable in a wooden box, plus many, many more) and draw holes for boot (Victor calls out killing Arthur "The Final Plan", which later changes to "The Final Deed"; private detectives drive the same car, blah blah blah). The "actors" are all very bad and are at the top; the script is ridiculously awful (one of these examples is "I do not make sense? You do not make sense! I make sense, that's what makes sense!") and there's a lot more wrong with the "movie" I can But the thing more laughable but unbelievable about "Ben and Arthur" is that Sam Mraovich thinks he has created something that is truly fantastic (see his fake reviews for "..." Ben & Arthur "and obvious comments for him on YouTube.). Mraovich is narcissistic and his arrogance prevents him from seeing how his name is really horrible. So, to conclude, forget every bad movie you claim to be the worst movie ever- "Ben and Arthur "will bring them down in this title, even the Paris Hilton films look like" The Dark Knight "compared to the monstrosity known as" Ben and Arthur. "
