Wow, this movie was bad. I watched this just as a joke. It is not so bad that it is good in an unintentional way. This movie seems to have been made to annoy me personally. It worked very well in doing this. It's as if the people who did this get all the really annoying stuff about the Priest movie, added in a lot of ugly faces, took something interesting, funny, or even remotely sexy and clever from the mix, and then added in a lot of cheese rotten old man. That's all that. Cheese. There is not a single person with whom this movie can connect. There is no universe in which this movie can happen. Why is not a film like this just about enjoying life and being happy? Why did they have to make this already stupid idea of ​​a film even more ridiculous than it already is? Why could not they at least even try to make it a good movie, or even a B movie? Now that I think about it, what the hell were they trying to do with this movie? I watched this waiting for an extravagant love story and instead I got a boring student project about some idiot who has to find the strength and courage to marry his boyfriend while his annoying brother Christian tried to destroy everything !!! No, I'm not joking. That's what it's all about. It sounds good? This movie is quite ignorant against the people of the Christian religion, with its stereotypes of all Christians being loud, rude and obstinate in making as many people as unhappy as possible. Many Christian people I know never speak or act like these freaks. The film, however, is so unfair and ignorant to the gay community as well. These have to be the most tasteless stereotypical gay men since the guy on the radio station in that video game ROADKILL. It's so stressful and simply annoying to the point that I could not pay full attention to that movie. The creators of this train crash had no strategy for set design, acting, camera angles, lighting, script, authenticity, or an idea to make it fun or interesting. There is not even a single sex scene, or at least not a believable scene. Jamie Brett Gabel was the only guy in the movie who looked good, but his good looks were sadly wasted. This is rubbish. In a perfect world, this movie would be voted 0.0. It is worth 0 as a movie alone. A mentally handicapped nun, blind, deaf, and tiny little arms and legs whose face is located in her armpit, could write, direct and produce a better film, and would probably be a better actress as well. the fact that this movie exists is a crime against the word "movie" itself. This movie is so bad that other movies should be ashamed to be available in the same watchable format. I could put a broom in a chair and record it with a camera and then stop the movie and then replace it with an x-mas mini-tree and then record it and I've already made a movie that will always be better than BEN & ARTHUR in at least half. There are only two things worse than death. Torture and watching BEN & ARTHUR. I'm gay and I'll probably be the gayest person you'll meet if you knew me, and I do not think I've offended myself more with an entire movie than with the first five seconds of that movie. movie alone. If this movie was a mistake, I personally will find a way to change the famous phrase "No problem in making mistakes" to "No problem making mistakes unless the error is BEN & ARTHUR". You know how people always say things like, "Good things come out of everything!" I think BEN & ARTHUR was invented primarily so that there could be something on this earth that nothing good would ever come out. To call this movie, the worst movie I've ever seen would be giving him a lot of credit. It's as if this movie were only designed to qualify in a category of its own. There are good movies, there are bad movies and then there is the BEN & ARTHUR. This is BEN AND ARTHUR.
