Intrigued by the synopsis (every gay video these days has a flair on the cover, this should not necessarily be interpreted as a good sign) I bought BEN AND ARTHUR without knowing anything about it. This is my second (and I guarantee it will be my last) purchase of a CULTURE Q CONNECTION video. As far as I'm concerned, this DVD is nothing more than a blatant robbery. Do not I make that remark lightly? I'm a big collector of videos, gay and mainstream, and I can state with some authority and without hesitation that BEN AND ARTHUR is simply the worst movie I've ever seen in my life. Period. My collection has more than 1,600 movies (93% of them on DVD) and of these, more than 300 are gay and lesbian. I almost do not own all the gay movies of all time, but I feel comfortable saying that I practically buy almost all the gay videos of interest that are released, and I often buy videos without knowing anything about the movie. Sometimes this makes for a pleasant surprise - Aimee & Jaguar, it's on the water, Urbania and Normal are all examples of great gay titles that I accidentally stumbled upon. So when I read in the box that BEN AND ARTHUR was referring to a conflict between gay lovers and the Christian right, one of my favorite subjects, I decided to leave the scene invisible, despite my disappointing purchase of another CULTURE Q CONNECTION, VISIONS OF SUGAR PLUMS. This movie was really bad, but compared to BEN AND ARTHUR, seen as GONE WITH THE WIND. So what was so wrong with Ben and Arthur? Very! To begin with, the "plot" as it was was totally ridiculous. This movie almost made me sympathetic to the Christian right? we are asked to believe not only that a church would expel a member because his brother is gay but that a priest would actually mount a mob style execution of a gay couple to save their souls (as that even makes sense). The writing is so bad that many scenes make no sense at all, and several plot points do not reflect logic, accompaniment, or connection to the story. Murder and violence seem to be acceptable ends for the gay right / right wing activist on both sides, and the acting is so bad that it's hard to imagine how anyone in this movie was hired. The characters who should be heterosexual are, almost without exception, clearly gay and nelly stereotypes; gay characters are neither sexy nor interesting. This movie is enough to stop someone from buying gay themed videos forever, and distributors should be ashamed of themselves. The only advantage that this image has over my other CULTURE Q Connection purchase, VISIONS OF SUGARPLAMS, is that it has a soundtrack with clear dialogues. Hardly a distinction, since the script is so tasteless that understanding the script only serves to make you more aware of how bad this movie really is. It's a shame for the Queer culture, and I plan to warn everyone I can before they waste their money on it. For $ 9.95 this movie would have been very expensive; I understand it will soon be re-priced below $ 20, which is still highway robbery. I paid the original price of $ 29.95, and never felt more deceived in my life. The only real laugh connected with this drivel is the comments ?? I have seen "user reviews" for this movie on numerous sites, and there are always one or two who "praise" the director / writer / actor in such a way that it is obvious that the reviewer is a friend of this aspiring Ed Wood. That sad. How desperate I only wanted the IMDb to allow you to assign zero stars - or even minus zero. If ever a movie deserved it, that's it.
