This movie was made with very bad taste. The script was very bad. I am very saddened by the late Gregory Peck, who took on the title role of this film adaptation of one of the greatest generals in history. The film was politically incorrect and frankly insensitive to the others who fought against the Japanese in World War II. There was a scene in which I almost threw up, showed Macarthur in a bunker on the island of Corregidor talking to the troops as an experienced politician when he encounters a wounded and legged Filipino soldier. The bleeding and dying soldier can sit upright when he sees the general and says, 'not Dad, not Mom, not Uncle Sam' and Macarthur gives his little motivational talk that Americans 'would never abandon' the Philippines. The scene ends with the soldier being reinvigorated by the words of Macarthur and gives him an intelligent greeting. I mean, if there was a more condescending scene portraying the US as the great white savior of the world, please tell me, because this one takes the cake. It has shown that Filipinos are handicapped maidens unable to honor and have to rely on the Great Americans just for redemption. He obscured and purposefully overshadowed the contributions of members of USAFFE (United States Armed Forces of the Far East), these are Filipino volunteers who were integrated into the US military during World War II, who died side by side with struggling Americans against the USA. Japanese, who walked side by side with the Americans on the march of Bataan's death and defended the island of Corregidor by launching a guerrilla offensive after Macarthur left for Australia with his famous "I'll Be Back" speech. My late grandfather, a Filipino World War II veteran and a USAFFE soldier was one of the many who fought with the Japanese with honor and love for the country of origin. I think this movie does not honor them and the thousands of others that Macarthur relied on for intelligence preparations for his famous return landing at the Gulf of Leyte.
