If there was a movie that deserved 0 out of 10, that would be it. 'House of the Dead' redefines the term 'bad movie'. Other bad films, like 'When A Stranger Calls' or 'Premonition', will look much better when compared to 'House of the Dead'. The basic "plot" of the House of the Dead is a group of twenty-somethings who travel to a remote island to watch "rave of the century." When they get there, they only find a few tents, a bar, a stage and some bloody shirts. They decide to stay anyway, and they are soon attacked by zombies. <br /> <br /> There is absolutely nothing redeeming about this movie. It's no fun. Instead, it's painful to watch because of how terrible it is. The acting is incredibly bad. In a DVD interview, one of the actors stated that Uwe Boll, the director, is not afraid to tell someone when they are doing a good job or a bad job in a scene. This is a blatant lie. The script appears to have been written by an 11-year-old girl who decided to include a scene of someone throwing up a girl's chest and include the hilarious phrase: "smells like someone who left here." The characters have no personality or depth and do some of the dumbest things ever seen in a horror movie. Somewhere along the way, the characters also magically transform into a SWAT team to bring down the zombies. It's like they do not even have to aim their guns and automatically shoot the zombies in the head. <br /> <br /> The scariest thing by far about this movie is the direction. There's something wrong with Uwe Boll. Boll's camera work is surprisingly disconnected. Their zombie pans running through the forest are more foolish than menacing. Worse yet, Boll really thought it would be a good idea to include short excerpts from the House of the Dead movie in the film. Many times, and in the most random moments, you will suddenly see an excited zombie being shot. It makes no sense. No one in their right mind would think such a good idea. It's as if Boll wanted to remind us repeatedly that this movie should be based on the video game. Uwe Boll also decided that it would be cool to include 360-degree slow-motion scenes during the action scenes at The Matrix. Unfortunately, he does this very often and every shot is nauseating. The soundtrack to this movie also confuses the mind. Most action scenes are accompanied by a high rap track. This also increases the headaches caused by the heinous "House of the Dead". <br /> <br /> "House of the Dead" is not bad because it is based on a video game. In fact, it has very little to do with the video game. Nor does it fall into the category of "so bad it's good". However, it fits into the category of "so bad that it's painful." This movie just sucks. Uwe Boll should never be left anywhere near another set of footage. Even his presence will curse a production. For all directors: Whenever one of your films gets a bad review, all you have to do is remember that you did not create 'House of the Dead' and feel much better. I'll never get those 90 minutes of my life back. In short, words really can not describe how bad this movie is. Everyone involved in the production of this film, especially Uwe Boll, should be ashamed of themselves. Although what I said might make 'House of the Dead' look funny, it really is not. None of this is funny. Avoid this at all costs.
