When George C. Scott played the lead role in "Patton," you saw him driving tanks with his fists, firing on German dive bombers with a revolver and vomiting profanity on both superiors and subordinates. The greatest action we get from Gregory Peck as "MacArthur," a warlike figure of extraordinarily larger achievements, is when he touches the maps with his finger and raises his famous eyebrow. <br /> <br /> Comparing Peck's performance with Scott may be unfair. However, the fact that "MacArthur" was made by the same producer and marked by the same composer begs for parallels, as well as the fact that both films are opened with the generals who address cadets at West Point. It is clear to me that the filmmakers were trying to imitate the Oscar-winning movie a few years earlier. But while Peck looks at the role more than Scott has ever done, he stands out most of the time in a story that looks less like drama than with a Wikipedia walkthrough about MacArthur's later career. <br /> <br /> "Even today there are those who think he was a dangerous demagogue and others who say he was one of the greatest men who ever lived," says an opening title. It is a typical nonsense of post-Vietnam sophistication about those who have led the US military for much of the time, but what we have here is not a vision at all. MacArthur, as presented here, does not infuriate or inspire the way he did in life. <br /> <br /> Director Joseph Sargent, who directed the famous turkey "Jaws The Revenge", paints by numbers. working with insipid battle mounts and some obvious use (as when the Chinese attack US forces in Korea), while the screenplay by Hal Barwood and Matthew Robbins shows a MacArthur who looks good-tempered enough to soften a bit too much stuck in its public image, but never less than decent. <br /> <br /> Here you see him coming off the landing ship making his return to the Philippines. There you see him addressing Congress in his speech "Old soldiers never die." For a long time, he sits in a movie theater in Toyko, hoping the North Koreans will cross the 38th parallel so we can continue with the story, while news footage details Japan's ascent of the ashes under its enlightened mastery. Peck's co-actors, Marj Dusay as his devoted wife ("you're my best soldier") and Nicolas Coaster as a loyal aide, burn their tearful eyes toward the magnificence of their companions, but draw no interest in account. Even when he argues with others, Peck never raises his voice and for the most part earns his arguments with thunderous eloquence. When Admiral Nimitz suggests delaying the recapture of the Philippines, a point of personal pride and tactical concern for MacArthur, MacArthur goes back with the comment: "At the moment, as I listened to his plan, I thought I saw our flag fall." Nimitz would have something to say about it, but the character in the film just bows his head and humbly accepts the insult in the presence of President Roosevelt. The only person in the movie that MacArthur seriously disagrees with Harry S Truman, with whom Ed Flanders does a good job despite a prosthetic nose that reminds him of Toucan Sam. MacArthur's dismissal for Truman must be a dramatic high point, but here it happens in a quiet dinner conversation, in which Peck plays MacArthur as no less than a great martyr. <br /> <br /> I've never been sold by Peck is standing in the upper pantheon of screen stars; It offers great presence, but it does not have complexity, even in many of its papers more known. But it is unfair to tie him so much here, since he receives little help to define MacArthur as something other than a speaking speech. Except for two scenes, one in which he collides with the Philippine surrender ("He struck the Old Glory and ran to a sheet!") And another where he has a mini-collapse while awaiting Inchon's invasion by the US, against communists undermining him in the White House, Peck really plays Peck here, not the complex character who inspired the famous nickname "American Caesar." The real MacArthur might have been worthy of such a comparison. What you have here is less worthy of Shakespeare than Shakes the Clown.
