Okay, so I'm not a big fan of video games, but was House of the Dead really famous enough to make a movie? Of course, they even put fast video clips throughout the movie as if they justified any particular scene of violence, but there are dozens and dozens of games that look exactly the same with their hand at the bottom of the screen. screen, supposedly his, holding any weapon and goo-ing all kinds of aliens or undead or sniper or whatever the case. <br /> <br /> It's an interesting premise in House of the Dead, with lots of college kids (college kids loaded up, so to speak, kids who are able to pay something for anglers like $ 1,500 just to take a walk after to miss the boat) trying to get off to this island for what is supposed to be the rave of the year. The first thing that comes to mind about House of the Dead after watching it is that it became increasingly clear that modern horror movies have become nothing more than an exercise in creating creative ways to put teenagers on little clothes in themselves situations. At least in this case, the fact that they are on their way to a rave excuses the way the girls are dressed. They seem barely out of place running through the woods in gorgeous tops, but at least THINK they were dressed for the occasion. <br /> <br /> Clint Howard, revealingly the most interesting character in the film from afar, offers an absolutely horrible performance, the greatness of which obscures all other actors in the film. I can not stand when well-known actors change their accents in movies, it's so rarely effective, and Howard here shows that it's just as well for a well-known actor to pretend that he's that hardened fisherman with a hoarse voice of years breathing salty air. He did not even shave well. It looked like he was eating a cinnamon roll before filming and accidentally inhaled a little powdered sugar or something. Pretty tough out there, Clint! I expected more from him, but again, he agreed to a part of this mess. <br /> <br /> When we get to the island, the movie temporarily transforms into any of the movies on Friday the 13th that took place at Crystal Lake Camp. Many teenagers played by actors who were too old for their parts to be naked and then dead. The nudity was impressive, I think, but let's consider something for a minute. These kids pay almost two thousand to go out on this island to go to Rave Of The Year, meet no one and say, well, who wants a beer! Even the guy who pulled out that pile of hundreds of wallets to get them there did not find anything they found a full bar and not a single solitary person in sight. Here you have the entrance of director Uwe Boll - Have alcohol! They will not notice that the party to which they came does not consist of anyone but themselves! <br /> <br /> So they do not just start drinking, not caring that the whole party seems to have left the island, but when one of the girls walks into the dark woods to find out where everyone is ( dragging another girl and one of the boys reluctantly), the guy and the girl standing back to shatter decide that it would be a good idea to undress for a quickie now that they are alone. It's as if they expected to find the island empty, and now that the rest of the people they came with have gone away for a while, they would have some privacy, since there is no one else around. Bright! <br /> <br /> Now, the things that everyone hated, judging by the comments I read about the movie. Yes, intercepting video game shots in the movie, mainly to show that, yes, the movie was being faithful / directly copying the video game. Of course, it was a stupid idea. I can not imagine who invented that little nugget, but worse than that are the Matrix-style bullet scenes that have been played over and over and over and over again. After the first time (at which point I found it pretentious and tacky for a film like this to have a shot as if it were something original) it is more noticeable for the shot technique itself than any dramatic meaning or creation of any kind of tension for the film. <br /> <br /> One of the things that makes a zombie movie scary and leaves you at the tip of your seat is to have it slowly but relentlessly, coming after living humans, which are much faster but are getting tired, running out of places to run and a terrifying shortage of things to fight the zombies. The first two are made in the movie, the children are terrified and do not have many places to run since they are on an island, but since they have taken a ride with a smuggler, they are heavily armed. And I mean it very strongly. I mean, these people have everything from machine guns to hand grenades, which removes most of the tension from the imminent undead. <br /> <br /> So you have what I call the techno-slasher scene. Since rave never happened, and I think since Uwe Boll thought people would be disappointed not to hear any techno music in the movie, there's a scene right in the middle where all humans are fighting the undead, and surprisingly It turns into something like a video clip. There's techno music blasting while the shots are edited together faster and faster until it's nothing more than a blur of bloody pictures, most of the time with only 5 frames (which is about 1/6 of a second) flashing on the screen at time with techno speed music. Smart, I suppose, but it has no place in a horror movie because it completely removes any sense of derision or tension even from the gross effect because you can not see anything long enough to react to it. You're seeing these pictures flying across the screen and wondering what the hell the director was thinking when he decided it would be a good idea to put something like that in the movie. <br /> <br /> Many people compare this movie to Resident Evil, claiming that it copies the premise of the movie and they are exactly right. I appreciate that at least here, as was not the case in Resident Evil, it was not a man-made virus that turned people into undead who were able to infect others by changing them the way vampires transform others in vampires. 28 Days Later was also clearly an inspiration for this film, it's just a shame that House of the Dead has not done a unique thing except for the rather stupid idea of ​​putting snapshots of the video game on which it is based. , just in case you forget. I really think this should have been a much better movie. Although obviously I can not say that I know much about the game, only the title and poster of the movie deserve a much better film, but unfortunately I think it is more often the case than with horror films. It's actually kind of sad when a movie comes out as clearly advertised as an unrestrained horror movie, and the scariest thing in the whole movie is the final scene, which suggests the possibility of a sequel.
