Lynn Hollister, a small-town lawyer, travels to the nearby big city on business related to the death of her friend Johnny. (Yes, Lynn is a man despite the feminine name of female sound.) The writers were trying to make a malicious reference to the fact that John Wayne's birth name was "Marion"?) Hollister believes that Johnny's death was an accident , but soon realizes that Johnny was assassinated. Further investigation reveals a web of corruption, crime and electoral fraud linked to Boss Cameron, the main light in the city's political machine. <br /> <br /> This sounds like the plot of a criminal suspense, possibly made in the film noir style that was beginning to become popular in 1941. It is not. "A Man Betrayed", despite its theme, is more like a light romantic comedy than a criminal drama. Hollister falls in love with Cameron's attractive daughter, Sabra, and the film focuses on both its resulting romance and the elements of suspense. <br /> <br /> This movie could have worked if it had been made as a serious and honest movie. drama. One critic states that John Wayne is not at all credible as a lawyer, but he could not play a cowboy in every film, and a tough military lawyer who would take on organized crime would probably be well within himself. Where I agree with this reviewer is when he says that Wayne was not an imitator of Cary Grant. Romantic comedy just was not on his street. One of the weaknesses of the studio system is that actors could be forced to play any role their bosses demanded of them, whether they were on the street or not, and Wayne was one of the few leading stars who worked for Republic Pictures without a doubt he wanted to get as many miles as possible from him. That said, not even Cary Grant could have done the work of "A Betrayed Man" as a comedy. This is not a reflection of their comedic talents; is a reflection on the total lack of fun material in this film. I doubt that anyone, no matter how well developed their sense of humor, has found something to laugh at. The cheerful tone of the film does not make it a hit comedy; it just keeps it from being taken seriously like anything else. This is one of those movies that are neither fish nor meat nor birds nor good red herring. 3/10
