First, I did not know anything about 'Mazes and Monster' before watching it. I was not aware of the role-playing controversy behind it or the fact that it was a movie made for TV. When I looked at the cover (the updated DVD) I seriously thought it would be another Fantasy adventure like 'Legend' with Tom Hank as the 80's land nerd hero entering a mythical world to save a princess from an evil maze full of monsters. Sounds exciting, right? That's what the cover suggests to you at first glance. I received this film as a gift, obviously under the same premise, because my aunt knows that I am in action movies with a medieval myth. And there's Tom Hanks, one of my favorite actors. So I put this movie on, expecting a good movie with Tom Hanks in a 80s special effects world that would be good for a laugh. <br /> <br /> No! None of this happens. Now, before continuing, I'll confess, I'm a nerd, but I have no interest in RPG games. That's all about this movie, so my interest in the content is lukewarm at best. And M & M (Copyright Infringement?) It's not even a role-playing role-playing movie with adorable geeks that uses your imagination to enter a world of grandeur. Not! This is an anti-role-playing movie that must have been made by some religious people (the same people who also think Barney is the work of Satan). I understand, Satan is a cunning fellow, but I do not think he's desperate. enough for the soul to make RPG lovers love it. This movie is THEE anti-gamer movie. This is what I get from this movie: it hates RPGs and not only makes fun of people involved in Role-playing, but makes poor Tom Hanks a mental patient. <br /> <br /> Tom had an excuse to talk to a volleyball in 'Castaway', poor guy was alone, but Tom somehow made his insanity have fun and you literally saw Volleyball as a lovely character through the good Tom's acting. I'd like to watch that movie instead. In this movie, Tom is attacked by a creature who believes in a dragon (looks like a badly made mascot for an RPG team) and has a split personality that is scary at best. Tom is only acting to make you feel bad for your character and nothing more. I understand that the poor boy lost his brother and is not right in the head because of this, so the movie earns points by being intentionally tragic. I'm not from movies that exploit mental illnesses and the end of 'M & M' made me feel like a cr * p. Luckily I watched 'Hudson Hawk' later and had a good laugh before my soul was crushed even more. Yah, 'HH' beats 'M & M' by. . . very! This is not one of Tom's best movies. Actually, it's the most depressing movie I've ever seen in (Even 'Private Ryan's Rescue' is not depressing). I hoped to watch a good movie and I ended up feeling the exact opposite. If you want to watch a sad movie (both emotionally and visually), then, by all means, watch this. If this movie is to convey a message, it's this: "Do not play RPGs if you're Cuckoo for Coco-Puffs."
