The psychology of this movie is really weird to try to figure out. It's often advertised as an anti-RPG movie, but it's not that simple. Here are apparent contradictions that make me wonder what (if anything) they are trying to say about the game. <br /> <br /> They laboriously introduce all the characters into their lives as an introduction, all having parents who are divorced, alcoholic and totally out of touch with their lives, except at times when they are pressing them hard to succeed . Tom Hanks is arguably the worst, having just failed at another school and still dealing with a brother who has disappeared and may be dead. <br /> <br /> It is mentioned a few times that they play the game to solve problems in their real lives. And sure, in the end, when they will see Robbie (Hanks), they are all happy and well adjusted, embarking on their adult careers, solved problems, games out of place (Daniel does not even want to design computer games anymore), and even even Robbie's mother, who has been constantly drunk and unsatisfied, is suddenly Happy Homemaker, looking fresh and bright and arranging flowers. Of course, JJ suddenly (and quite happily looks) decides to commit suicide, but the reason seems to be entirely because he is a solitary genius who can not get a date, not because his character dies, as in famous Jack Chick excerpt (which happens anyway anyway, and it almost seems like he does it on purpose so he can wipe out Daniels' game and make everyone take part in it.) The caves seems to be the only thing that saves him to be killed!) And in what may be the coolest movie scene in the entire film, Kate, looking very attractive in mail, looks directly at the camera and says something like: "The scariest monsters are the only ones in our own minds. " <br /> <br /> The biggest fantasy element in this movie are the two burglars passing the rich couple so they can steal the dirty and homeless guy from their magic beans. The recurring theme (a "The Way We Were" for the '80s) may have been moving in the end, but as a way to release a film it's absolutely depressing and it seems out of place. And for a final mystery, our hero, wearing full Pardu outfits, has a psychotic break, completely becomes his character and embarks on his quest, so of course the first thing he does is turn into street clothes of the 20th century. So maybe the movie is irrational, but I think it's dealing with an irrational topic. In those days, a circle of children with dice and pencils was considered contaminated and possibly possessed, and you could go insane if they spoke your nonsense to you. Anti-gambling paranoia is practically summed up in the first scene, where the reporter asks the cop what is happening, the cop says the children have lost in the tunnels and there is a chance that Labyrinths and Monsters are somehow involved. The reporter admits being vaguely familiar with the game (although he allows his own children to play it), then turns to the camera and takes a polite speech that blames the game for everything and admits no other explanation. In the end, it's not a masterpiece, but interesting as movies made for TV.
