A few weeks ago, the German broadcaster "SAT1" announced this movie as the "TV Event of the Year" - sorry, but I've seen better things on TV this year. I did not think much about the movie, but soon I remembered two other horrible movies when I watched the commercial - Titanic and Pearl Harbor, because the picture looked so familiar: The "heroine" (if it is that I can call her like that) in the middle and her two "loved ones" next to her - Pearl Harbor, anyone? In fact, the love story is a poor version of Pearl Harbor and that was bad already! <br /> <br /> But as I enjoy watching movies and analyzing their standards, I ended up deciding to watch that junk. The film begins with a doctor leaving his family for the military attack on Russia near the end of the Third Reich promising his wife that he will return. Now, advancing to the spring of 1948: Germany lost the war and the Allies and Russia conquered the country and both tried to eliminate themselves to world power and its ideologies: capitalism versus communism. Well, I think you already know the story because you have to know - The movie does not bother too much about it and it literally sucks in the historical facts. The film attempts to portray the US government as angels and completely ignores the contribution of other countries during air travel, especially Britain, which accounted for almost a quarter of the rations, despite having its country bombarded from a country they are trying to help. <br /> <br /> What was also very annoying were the historical observations that people said in the film like when the heroine's mother tells her daughter that Germany can split up in two with a response like, "That's impossible ! " Or when Stalin (where the director thought we looked like the actor's mustache and he looks like him) says that Russia needs to stop "Coca-Cola" from spreading in Germany. Yeah, right, if Stalin ever said anything like that. Or is there an American pilot who tells his companion a loaf of bread and all that is possible - please! Burgers were invented before that time. <br /> <br /> In the movie, you see a map showing the airlines, incredible as it may seem that the map came straight from a laser printer - in 48. The American general Lucius Clay, whose main idea was stay in Berlin, is portrayed as a moody guy and all the ideas he had such as, for example, air travel and improve this idea, the fictional character Phillip Turner, love the main actress's interest that takes me to other aspects : Not enough African American soldiers in the movie, there were like two throughout the movie! Also the relations between US soldiers and German civilians were not allowed and by a revelation of such a relationship that the US soldier would have been sent home. I do not mean that there was no relationship, but in that movie there was a couple who almost married, if not for the death of the pilot in his fake CGI plane that looked terribly unreal, especially the CGI. fire! <br /> <br /> If that were not enough, all the Americans in this film spoke German without an accent, even though they were only in Germany for a few months - you see, I'm an American living in Germany all my life. life and even I have a little accent. Remarkably bad was also the acting child - the children had like two expressions on their faces: "Normal-I-look-monotonous-as-a-robot" and smiling. <br /> <br /> All throughout the movie was boring from start to finish, moving very slowly, especially the love story that was the same as Pearl Harbor, with only half the dialogue. The sad part is that the film was very successful - 8.97 million watched the first part and 7.83 million the second part the next day, so SAT1 received two consecutive victories in the global market share and a huge victory in the commercial group relevant. But as I always think: the biggest pile of bullshit is where most flies go.
