First, I must mention that I really enjoyed the previous ISHII film Katsuhito "Samehada Otoko for Momojiri Onna" ("Shark Skin Man and Peach Hip Girl"). Although he was indebted to Tarentino's "Pulp Fiction," Ishii's cast was up to the task of taking the story, and the whole movie burst with energy. The scenes between ASANO Tadanobu and GASHUIN Tatsuya were particularly engaging. There was action, intrigue, bizarre characterizations, enough sex to keep things interesting and a completely unpredictable plot. <br /> <br /> So it was with some anticipation and optimism that I began to watch "Party 7". And my enthusiasm was certainly awakened with the opening credits, which left my wife and I really surprised at how dynamic and exciting they were; the anime and live-action mix was brilliant! So the real movie started. In fact, he did not start "too much" as a sort of shuffle in the side door and stood there, fumbling in his pockets, looking uncomfortable. <br /> <br /> The whole movie happens in three rooms. One is a futuristic paradise of voyeur (borrowed from "Shark Skin Man ..."), another is the office of a travel agent, and the third (and far the most used) is a decadent hotel room. In that room, a cast of seven characters meets and ... does not do anything at all. Same. I'm no stranger to "talking" movies. One of my all-time favorites is "My Dinner with Andre," the most talked about of all the movies spoken. "My Dinner with Andre" is much more exciting, and has only two middle-aged men discussing their lives over dinner. The key is that Andre Gregory and Wallace Shawn tell interesting stories. The cast of "Party 7" literally just regrets each other throughout the movie. "No you do not!" "Yes I want!" "No, you really do not!" "Yes, I do!" "No, you really, really do not!" Yes, I really ... "You have the idea, I hope. I wish the director had." Party 7 is an incredibly uncommitted movie. There is only the most fragile of the lots (money stolen from Yakuza, as well as in "Shark Skin Man ..."), accompanied by almost no action. There is no interesting dialogue. The characters are largely uninteresting. It was as if Ishii took the disposable conversation moments from Tarentino's films and built a whole movie around them. But the conversations of Tarentino always have their own internal logic and wit ("They call it 'Royale, with cheese'"). Not so with the dialogue here, which is duller than you might think. If it were not for Gashuin's short and hilarious (which is always marvelous) performance and a discreet performance from the amazing ASANO Tadanobu, I would have given Party 7 a single star. It was really the task of doing it all the way.
