Since I saw the other three, I figured I might as well get this made for TV in the fourth part of The Omen series. As an independent film, this film is mediocre; but as a continuation of the 1976 masterpiece; it's a scam. The film follows the same path in which many series fall when they are running out of ideas; this being the idea of ​​changing the masculine to a woman. It is always obvious that this film was made for television as the acting is very normal, the plot has no ideas and the horrific murder scenes seen in the previous three are kept to a minimum without bloodshed. The film retains a thread with the original, which I will not reveal as being obvious; this revelation is one of the most interesting aspects of the film. The fundamentals of the plot basically copy the original of Richard Donner and see a young couple adopting a child, whom they call Delia (not Damiella or Damiana, fortunately). There is a large dog wrapped and a child caretaker; and soon the wife begins to suspect that the child may not be normal; as she is menstruating at age eight, and never suffered from any illness ... The first two sequences of The Omen were not bad, and the series should have finished in third place. I think there was money involved somewhere down the line, as there really is no artistic reason why this movie should have been made. It brings nothing to the table in terms of originality, and the only thing you'll probably manage to do is annoy the fans of the show. The film looks and feels like a TV movie all the time and mostly unfolds like a movie about the troubled upbringing of a young woman. In fact, Asia Vieira looks like a bitch; but she never convinces herself that she is the Antichrist, for her looks are redundant and most of the "evil" she does is laughable. Faye Grant is given the most important and unimpressive role; while the rest of the cast regretted agreeing to star in a terrible loss of time. The only good thing about this movie is the theme song, which of course was ripped from the original; and is overused. Overall, this movie is not really worth seeing; as it offers nothing for which the series is famous, and does not do justice to the second weaker sequel.
