and it happened. It is through my experience that when a horror film reaches the status of "franchise" and the subsequent titles are released thereafter, all of them, in turn, are hit by an unavoidable factor: irrelevance. Omen IV: The Awakening makes no exception to this rule, featuring another small child supposedly embracing his role as the Antichrist, predicted by a religious prophecy. Have not we seen this before? Was it not enough that, over three films prior to this release, we experienced the rise and fall of Damien Thorn? If you are a horror enthusiast like me, you will realize that it is common for a horror movie that has many sequences and prequels for your credit to disappear in redundancy - Children of the Corn, Hellraiser, Phantasm; The list goes on. At this point in the game, I'm sure you know what to expect when you're ready to see the fourth title of a series. Regardless, there are times when you sit down and realize how shameless some filmmakers are. Omen IV: Awakening is just that, too - a brazen exercise to make money. <br /> <br /> This film does not offer anything new or intriguing to Omen's formation. As original and genuine as Omen IV attempts to be compared to his brothers, the similarities and plotting devices are embarrassingly similar. Elements such as the guard dog, the involvement of a priest, the skepticism of the people involved, the scene of death beheading (clearly a tribute to the original film when the journalist is beheaded by the glass sheet) ... even for the involvement of the father in politics and prestige within the community make it too predictable. Although it is common to star in a B-rated cast in a horror title so far in a series, acting is off the charts, filled with ridicule and unintentional humor due to some of the worst delivered lines throughout this film. The atmosphere disappeared completely compared to the first three titles. In addition, the epic track composed by Goldsmith in the previous films was replaced by a hearing failure; an absolute joke, and made me wonder if it was actually meant to be used for this movie or just taken out of a "stock" seat of audio ... which actually says something because I rarely comment on the misuse of a musical score - so far. <br /> <br /> All in all, I would call Omen IV: The Awakening a Failure. In the world of horror films that carry a long list of titles behind them, some manage to hit the mark and others do not. If you are interested in creating another notch in your horror belt, as for completion purposes, you may also be able to sculpt this title - if it is not for entertainment, then enjoy when a movie runs correctly, or badly.
