Omen IV: The Awakening begins at 'St. Frances Orphanage 'where husband and wife Karen (Faye Grant) and Gene York (Michael Woods) receive a girl by sister Yvonne (Megan Leitch) they adopted, they call her Delia. At first things go well, but over the years and with the growth of Delia (Asia Vieria), Karen suspects her as death and disaster follow her, Karen is convinced that she is the evil itself. Karen then discovers that she is pregnant but discovers a sinister conspiracy to use her as the surrogate mother for the next Antichrist and is shocked when she discovers who was Delia's real father ... Originally to be directed by Dominique Othenin-Girard who or gave up or was fired and was replaced by Jorge Montesi, who completed the film, although why he bothered is supposed to be Omen IV: The Awakening is absolutely terrible and a disgrace when compared to him illustrious predecessors. Brian Taggert's script is hilariously bad, I'm not sure if this nonsense actually looked good like the word written on a piece of paper, but there are so many things wrong with it that I find hard to believe. As a serious film Omen IV: The Awakening falls flat on the floor and actually works best if you look at it as a parody comedy, I mean the scene at the end when the detective comes face to face with a lot of carol zombie singers who are singing a sinister gothic song have to be seen to be believed and I thought it was absolutely hilarious and ridiculous to the same extent. So there's the meaningless difference between this and the other Omen movies where, this time, it's a young girl, the question I'm asking here is why? Seriously, why? There is no reason and it is not used for any purpose anyway. Then, of course, there is the stupid twist at the end that says that Delia has kept her brother's embryo inside herself and that in a sinister conspiracy involving a group of Satan worshipers was implanted in Karen so she can give birth the Antichrist appears as simply an idiot. At first, it has a certain amount of entertainment in how bad it is, but unintentional hilarity gives way to complete boredom sooner or later. <br /> <br /> Of course, it is impossible to know how much of Omen IV: The Awakening was directed. by Girard & Montesi, but you can say that everything was not well behind the camera, since it is a poor and cheap film, which was made for TV and is displayed with the design and filmless design flat and without imagination. Then there is the complete lack of scares, atmosphere, tension and blood, which are the main elements that have made Omen films so effective. <br /> <br /> The budget must have been very low and the film seems to have been. The best thing about Omen IV: The Awakening is the final scene in which the camera rises in the air as Delia steps back to reveal a cross in the form of a crucifix made by two overlapping paths, but this is the last shot before the roll of final credits that says almost everything. I have to mention the music that sounds horrible, more suitable for a comedy and it is very inappropriate sounding. The acting is good, but at best the boy bothers. <br /> <br /> Omen IV: Awakening is rubbish, it's a totally ridiculous movie that tries to be serious and ends up being stupid. The change of director probably did not help either, but it's still not an excuse. Omen's latest film to date has accompanied the original The Omen (1976), Damien: Omen II (1978) and The Final Conflict (1981), all far superior to this.
