I recently decided to revisit the Omen trilogy only to find out that {insert demonic music here} exists a fourth. I did not expect much of it, and in that regard it certainly lived up to my expectations. If you like watching bad movies to laugh at, then this may be the movie for you. Oh, where do we begin? From the outset, the film's "make-a-TV" look and feel was obvious. The song was often inadequately matched with what was happening in the film and therefore (at best) distracting. The script had all the suspense of an 8-year-old fiction work. But one thing that should be said is that the missing script was very well matched with the terrible acting. Countless scenes left me contemplating whether it was the script or acting that was the source of ridicule. <br /> <br /> The story itself is pretty thin, centered on all the crazy antics of Damien Thorn's daughter, adopted for evil and misunderstood nuns. There are a lot of mysterious and complicated deaths that personally made me yawn when the "drama" unfolded, and the third-party investigator in any case. Later, through some medical phenomena, is born Damien Thorn Jnr. And that practically ends the plot. The whole thing runs very poorly from the start with the lack of suspense, making the film a monotonous and / or ridiculous scene after another. <br /> <br /> There were many WTF ?? moments also that provides the relief of unintentional comedy. For example, what about the big reaction at the beginning of the movie when the baby scratches the mother's cheek? Hardly an omen of 360 degrees head. I also laughed at the exaggerated reaction at baptism. The baby cries and everyone seems very worried. The distressed mother runs out of the church and the priest is very alarmed as he crosses. There is? Then there is the new-age nanny who seems to have carte blanche in exposing an 8-year-old to all sorts of alternative spiritualism. I laughed when the nanny suggested taking the troublesome Delia to a psychic show to meet the nanny's hippy friends and her mother just shrugs and allows. "Yeah, that's cool, fill my 8-year-old daughter's head with all those mystical things." That's cool, I do not need to be there. " Of course this would be to be expected of a mother who allows her daughter to adopt an adult Rottweiler found on the street and who could bite the girls as a snack. The whole scene of the psychic show is rather comical, in a half-spicy way, from the horrified reactionary looks of the paranormal to Delia, to the hell that followed. <br /> <br /> I also laughed at how the nun's death is considered. a "strange accident". Here we have a religious fanatic (who is described as part of a cult), who is preaching fanatically in a well full of rattlesnakes to prove how the Glory of God will protect them. She antagonizes the snakes by manipulating them and SOMEONE is bitten several times. Hardly a strange accident. More like a successful suicide attempt. <br /> <br /> The scene of the snakes-vs-nuns was not the only comical death. There is the car crash at low speed resulting in decapitation in a school parking lot. Then there's the slow demolition ball going straight to the detective. I believe I may have gone and made myself a coffee when the slow motion began to come back and see the demolition ball still going straight to the "worried" detective. Then there is the quintessence of the death of a cliché, where a gun fires and both act as if they had been shot for several seconds while exchanging horrified looks. Then someone descends the stairs revealing who the real victim is. In addition, the priest's death at the beginning of the film seemed a little strange and meaningless to me. He runs around looking at church architecture. Obviously, finding this very distressing, he finally faints, clenching his chest and dies. Apparently something demonic was happening, since that's what the music was suggesting. Ummm IS WELL. <br /> <br /> I'm surprised that others have reviewed this film favorably and in particular as a "worthy sequel." It is difficult not to notice the non-sensory script, the unrealistic acting and the inadequate musical score. The film has no suspense, relying heavily on Delia's "demonic gaze" to provide a sense of horror, which becomes quite annoying after a short period of time. <br /> <br /> In short: This is a bad movie, with the only redeeming feature being the unintended potential of being a comedy.
