Only the Antichrist could be behind such a disaster. We just hope this irony is the driving force behind the "movie"! This movie was so bad, it forced me to register for the IMDb, finally, just so I could end it. What makes this movie even more tragic is that it had such good stuff! I've never seen a movie where all the elements were so grotesquely mediocre as to make the result less than the sum of its parts. <br /> <br /> It may seem insignificant, but I'd like to start with the scoreboard. . As a proud owner of a music degree, I must register my indignation! I was torn between laughter and dry sighs as I listened to what John Scheffer did with Goldsmith's brilliant soundtrack; was far more horrible than any of the burlesque scenes of death and almost so inadvertently comical. It was by far the most inappropriate note I've heard since, well, I really can not think of a worse one. Maybe JAWS 4? <br /> <br /> As for the plot ... I'm sorry. New Age Mysticism ??? What happened to the realism of the original trilogy? In these films (still more in the first two than in the third but still !!) the supernatural was implicit most of the time, and it was this subtlety that made movies so mysteriously believable. Here we have crystals turning black (calling all Skeksis and Mystics !!) and inverting crucifixes in abundance, even though in certain scenes the crucifix was perfectly normal, but for the angle of the camera. No more refined psychological manipulation that affects the malaise inherent in our collective psyche: in its place a coarse "slap in the face" of recycled cliché and transparent incompetence. Add to that an "actress" so incredibly annoying that you thank the director earnestly for the scenes she is missing. I've never seen a little girl so fundamentally annoying since little Stephanie ruined EVERYONE IN THE FAMILY. <br /> <br /> Other than that, I do not have strong feelings about it ;-) Luckily, the first three films are clever enough. how to make this train-wreck of wasted celluloid inconsequential or at best a study of how NOT to make a movie. Viewer beware! May induce vomiting if you are lucky.
