After only 15 minutes of filming, I began to lose Zhang Yimou's earlier, heavier films, which analyzed China's politics and society from unique perspectives. His turn of martial arts movies was a serious false step in my humble opinion. Hero was his worst movie since Operation Cougar, with an unnecessarily complex story and acting more wood than found in a John Agar movie. Shi Mian Mai Fu is no different. As an American who studies Chinese films a few years ago (and understands and can speak a bit of Mandarin), I am sure that my opinion is different from many others, since I am coming from a different context. SMMF, like Hero, is not really a traditional kung fu movie, and it's certainly not a wuxia pian movie. There is no sword and witchcraft or elements of chivalry here. This is a completely different vehicle from infinitely more wizard films, such as A Chinese Ghost Story (all 3), The Butterfly Murders, Green Snake, and others. While all featured charismatic leads that seemed to really enjoy what they do, the SMMF presents a tasteless and sometimes laughable dialogue combined with the role of the cardboard. Zhang Ziyi plays a blind person as well as Ben Affleck. There is an air of superiority with this movie that is really very insulting. It takes itself so seriously, it just becomes a big joke in the end. All the actors look like this is the most important piece of celluloid in history, they destroy any chance of really conveying emotions, and the total lack of humor really makes you wonder if Zhang Yimou was making a movie by itself, or simply a showcase (ie, an "ego-booster") for Zhang Ziyi. The camera is literally coming out with her face and she is sexually assaulted not once but twice in the movie. His range of action did not really go beyond his ability to interpret a naive itch. She is so focused on her acting, she seems so cold and lifeless, as if she were reading her lines from a notecard. It's so funny to hear American critics and moviegoers (such as the completely clueless Quentin Tarantino) call this masterpiece film. I think if they see a lot of Asian actors on the screen looking really important as they fly through a bamboo forest, they are led to think that it is a brilliant movie. Ching Siu Tung's choreography, while retaining the style, editing and posture of his brand, lacks the vitality and originality of his previous films, such as A Chinese Ghost Story, Dragon Inn and Death Duel. Unfortunately, the film in this movie is really low, and if there is a below-average bedside job then you probably should not have filmed at high speed. The same goes for special effects that have a distinct B movie feel to them. Beans, daggers, bowls, arrows, swords, and other random objects fly through the air (after being played) without caring about logic, spinning, climbing, and banking as if there were a little pilot inside. I know logic really has no place in stylized Chinese martial arts movies, but if you do not want to induce a huge amount of laughter from your audience, then you should probably work a little harder in your composition. Massive melodrama, unintentional dramatic moments, boring fighting scenes, uninspired twists and turns are what await you with Shi Mian Mai Fu. It is obvious that Zhang Yimou is no longer making films for the Chinese public. This should enter the western market, just as the CTHD did. After watching Hero and SMMF, I came to the conclusion that if Zhang Yimou wants to make Hollywood movies, he is definitely starting well. SMMF is basically The Phantom Menace of Chinese martial arts movies. And I thought the hero was bad.
