OK, so I rented this clown-like-Chainsaw-Massacre-Esquire movie, did not expect much, but I liked the groundbreaking approach to a serial killer movie. (at the back of the box is the following synopsis) "In the beginning, it was just a joke - a myth around the campfire - for five friends who were in a remote cabin in the Texas woods, but when they began to disappear one by "One, replaced by scattered and bloody parts of the body and voodoo effigies, the few remnants fight for their lives. But he's out there. And he's sick. And all he wants is blood. So obviously not from the start. it makes sense: why is this clown in the woods to begin with Why a clown Why do your dolls with the word "food" are drawn on them Why? Why hardly anything is answered in this 1 hour and 30 minutes. except where this clown lives.The characters are stupid guys, dumb girls and lots of birrice.One in particular is a girl they brought from a restaurant on the road, whom they thought they should help, because she was being uncomfortable by a guy she knew. What guarantees this as an excuse to bring a girl to your circle of friends or to your cabin? She, of course, begins to sow seeds of envy, causing men to have sex with her by feeding their idiot minds with whatever they want to hear. <br /> <br /> Music was a medium subject (frantic standard keyboard music as in every horror movie without any differences). The actors seemed to be brought from a soap opera the way they complained and whined about everything. The idea that the protagonist of the film takes this girl to the hut as their first date makes a horrible encounter, but of course, she gives herself to him the first night of meeting him. There was hardly a budget for anything, it seems, but there was a clown costume and lots of cheap $ 1 dolls in the woods, which was a terribly awkward place to shoot this whole movie (done many times). I was also waiting for the clown to enter the house to kill the remaining 4 characters of the film (maybe through the glass), but nothing exciting like that ever entered the movie. I think you should just like the clown being a killer or something. <br /> <br /> I had to give the movie a 3. It was an interesting premise (clown as the character of the Chainsaw Massacre, essentially) and I would give them a star for acting seriously until the end of when the movie could have been totally a B-style video, but they opted for the most legitimate style of video. But ultimately, I would have probably been meaning to rent the Killer Klowns video from Mars again before returning to check this out. Ah, but this cover art ... very cool design.
