My luck! I took a peek at this pathetic horror movie from Artisan Entertainment a week before it hit the video shelves and let me just say ... I rarely laughed so much in my life as I watched this heinous megabomba get off the rails and steal the title of 'worst killer clown movie ever made' of the unbearably stupid Full Moon fiasco KILLJOY (I'm sure many of us horror fans have suffered from it!) Of all indications, it was filmed in DV, and it really does not 'look' so bad in terms of quality for digital, but the kid always fails miserably in all other areas where he counts! The story (light and cliché as it is) is as follows ... An executive (Ken Hebert, who also wrote and co-produced with the director) leads the skeptical colleague Tracy (Amanda Watson) and the horny couple Mark and Susan (Hank Fields and Chris Buck) along a weekend getaway to a secluded (yawn) hut '12 miles' from the nearest town. On the way there, they pick up a hitchhiker (Melissa Bale) at a bar and end up at their destination, where a nighttime bonfire tale about a killer clown chasing the same wooded area becomes reality when each of the yackin ' marijuana friends disappear one by one, with only parts of mutilated dolls being left behind to tell the story of their destiny. The killer clown does not appear in the movie until near the end and does not look anything like his demonic depiction in the video box (besides being morbidly obese). He basically spends an hour jumping in the woods, cutting wood and rhyming nursery. I can not say enough bad things about the cast, especially the two guys and the caronato, who either indulge their insipid dialogue with a minimum of enthusiasm or exaggerate in the most inappropriate moments. It does not really help that the script is completely and totally devoid of suspense, originality, intelligence, general coherence, or humor. I could go on for days with how inept this movie is, how many continuity errors there are and how amateurish the whole production is, but I'll just whisper pointing out that the whole package is a big bout in that movie Boy-This- Sucks the way. <br /> <br /> Also noting that the movie was released here in the US as SICK (SERIOUS CLOWN KILLER). It is currently cataloged under the (original title) of GRIM WEEKEND. <br /> <br /> Score: 1 out of 10
