Far from providing the caffeine kick you'd expect from a movie that shares your name with the biggest energy boost of hot drinks, Coffy gets in the way and never rises above just being a tale of revenge. In fact, if the film were a cup of coffee, it would be very weak and watery, filled with some unwanted debris and no lingering residual taste. Sporadically, it reaches the target, but on the other hand, it is not the action drama it hopes to be. In terms of setting, Coffy is a nurse who takes the law into her own hands and does justice to the drug dealers, drug pushers who have turned her younger sister into a depraved and sick state. The sociopolitical commentary on the situation of urban black youth in the United States is prominent in Coffy, and produces some instigating things, such as Coffy's crusades against political corruption and racism of the white establishment that profits and acts as a parasite of African Americans target. American Minorities. Unfortunately, timely messages are hampered by the poor quality and lack of focus of the film. Coffy's ideas are important, they are not well-directed. <br /> <br /> One of the good things about Coffy is the presence of the Blaxploitation icon, Pam Grier. Grier goes in her role with enthusiasm and contributes to an attractive action heroine while she slings the scum in her often spectacular acts of vigilant violence (how do you deal with a house full of hoods? Drive the car through the front door!). It's a pity that the plot falters on certain occasions, wasting time squeezing as much sexual exploitation as possible. The low budget may not have helped, but neither does the fact that, for a Blaxploitation film, Coffy does not succeed. Just as problems are hampered by lack of quality, so entertainment and emotion are also hampered by times of dullness and poor guidance. <br /> <br /> The total result is work and wood. We have a hip heroine, but not a modern movie. It's a shame that Coffy has his moments and must rightly be considered a key film in Blaxploitation's mania; it simply never rises above being an average, warm number.
