How do I start reviewing a movie that will soon be recognized as the "worst movie ever" by the "worst director ever"? A movie that could develop a following cult because it's "so bad, it's good"? An analytical approach that criticizes the movie seems pointless and part of the wagon syndrome - let's hit it freely without worrying because all the other humans on earth are doing it, and people who like the movie like those flaws which we cite. <br /> <br /> The universal poor quality of the film is obvious - 'Sixteen years of alcohol' is not without competition for the title of worst film, so it has to sink very low to acquire the title and keep it, but I believe this movie could go the distance. IMDb does not allow enough words to cite all the movie failures, and it's much easier to locate the 'Sixteen Years of Alcohol' elements that make it right. Unfortunately, these moments of glory are so buried in the shadows of poverty in this film that this is a task that is not worth pursuing. <br /> <br /> My impressions? I thought I knew what I was getting myself into, I had been warned to drink several cups of coffee before sitting down to watch this (wish suggestion had been cups of vodka). Despite my low expectations, 'Sixteen Years of Alcohol' failed to entertain me even on a level of 'making fun of the bad movie'. Not just bad, but unpleasantly bad, as if Jobson intentionally tried to make this film a poetic yawn, but it went into exaggeration and pushed poetry down his throat, making it shallow but funny. .. and Jobson honestly tried to make a good movie? Even after seeing the promotional literature of the 'Sixteen Years of Alcohol', I find it hard to believe in Jobson's sincerity. Useless and unpleasant to the end with several smiles / giggles (all I'm sure no intentional) spiced the film, and those few elements prevented me from turning off the DVD. How bad is it good? No. It had just enough "I can not believe this is a serious movie moment" to stop me from turning it off, and nothing more. <br /> <br /> Definitely a movie to watch with a bunch of bad movie connoisseurs. Get your own running comments. That would have greatly improved the experience for me. So badly is Mike Myers commenting on his cod Scottish accent about him as he runs, to turn that whole piece of mud into a comic farce "Okay, if you're a man, pass me annuder gliss of dat wiskey."
