I could not believe that this movie dates back to 2007, it had all the looks of a horror movie from the 70's below average. Were they unaware of modern special effects or CGI?!? Did not they know that in the post-millennium the violence in an alleged horror and / or science fiction movie should be at least a bit explicit? Or did I misunderstand the purpose, was it supposed to be a deep and meaningful story of man and animal, united in the great cycle of life, or a warning to humanity not to mess with Nature, or something? It did not really matter, anyway, it turned out wrong and for me this movie failed at all accounts. <br /> <br /> First of all: the premise is very unlikely. If at any given time you are able to replace a total eye, no responsible medical scientist would initiate his first human attempt with both eyes at the same time, which is totally unprofessional. And do all this apparently without informed consent of the patient?! And why the hell do you pick eyes that have a totally unusual color to humans, and make the victim look like a freak? By the way, I noticed that all the real wolves in the film had normal dark eyes, like dogs, could not have waited for such a specimen? The story is lame, it's about this poor guy Aaron who gets these strange eye transplants, which suddenly makes him feel like the wolf giver (or at least, that's what I do) and then he's being chased by some military. Especially this last piece is ridiculous. I mean, I can understand that the army is interested in the results of the experiment (imagine soldiers with night vision!), But as the operation fails because of the apparent nervous breakdown of the patient, it is beyond me why they are out to kill it. Why not leave him alone and look for another usable recipient? (a volunteer soldier perhaps?). And why try to kill everyone else who is involved with poor Aaron, is not that a bit steep? Who the hell are these military anyway, I hope not the US Army or the government, they behave like psychopaths, walking around the hospital waving automatic weapons, attacking private apartments as if they were after some number 1 public enemy, and exhibiting during the Last Show in the woods a total lack of discipline, like a lot of frightened children, panicking and shooting randomly. <br /> <br /> Aaron, for some unfathomable medical reason, feels like a wolf after transplanting his eyes. Why would that be ??? Suddenly he sees visions of wandering wolves. What is it? Should we believe that the memories of the wolf-donor are situated in their balls-eye? And that the recipient of these eye balls also adopts the eagerness of the wolf for red meat (life) and can jump off a 30 foot high balcony and land unscathed on its paws like a cat (can a wolf even do that? (or lack thereof) did not help the credibility of all this: everyone stumbles in their ranks as wooden dolls, especially this Indian girl, she may be beautiful, but she can only come to an expression (ashamed) and the some disagreements about the force of nature, and it strikes me that Aaron is suddenly on top of her (but there probably has to be at least one love scene!) I really sympathized with actor Cory Monteith, who seems to be a nice guy with a nice enough face, but they did not give him much. He has to run bare-chested for more than half the movie, which could have been fun to watch, but it's better to pick someone with a more impressive physique, Monteith actually and should leave his shirt on. His (few) murders and attacks are hardly shown, we just hear some grunts and screams of fear and then there's another victim lying down and Aaron with a little more blood on his face and chest. Not much for a modern science fiction horror! The only good performance came from Justine Bateman, and I really enjoy seeing how she has matured into a beautiful and elegant lady in her early forties. She did what she could with her silly lines and even convinced me to be this doctor with good intentions, but they made her character a kind of coward, which is totally commanded by the leader of these military. Too bad the script did not make it stay longer! <br /> <br /> In the end, it sounds like a silly and somewhat boring film, hardly scary or exciting, with unbelievable events, many visuals of wolves throughout the forest, around woods and slopes. (who cares?!?), some pretentious Indian ramblings about Man and Nature, and an uneven soundtrack with poppy songs at the most inappropriate times. I think the word "superfluous" covers everything.
