Hybrid begins as a water treatment planet's security guard Aaron Scates (Cory Monteith) is involved in an accident that leaves him blind. Fortunately, brilliant scientist Dr. Andrea Hewitt (Justine Bateman) who works for Olaris has developed an operation to transplant organs from one species to another, Hewitt decides that Aaron would be perfect for his first human experiment. Hewitt and his team transplanted a wolf's eyes to Aaron and he miraculously recovers sight. Brilliant, right? Well, no, not really since Aaron starts to get crazy when he sees random images of Wolves and begins to develop a lust for blood. Aaron escapes from the Olaris building and runs away, but he is very valuable to let go and a large-scale search is set up to capture him ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Yelena Lanskaya, this is more an offer of the Fi Channel that is simply terrible in every way possible, I think it probably started life as a 'Creature Feature', but it turned out to be one of the most boring and boring movies on Sci-Fi Channel I've seen that does not. They do not even have any kind of monster or creature. Hybrid is horrible, the script sucks and I'm not even sure who it should appeal to. The initial setup is OK, with Aaron receiving Wolf's eyes, but Hybrid abandons the elements of science fiction and becomes some kind of horrible drama because it focuses entirely on Aaron's mental state, as he wonders by doing nothing in particular with a Native American woman. Yes, do not you think the Sci-Fi Channel could make a film about wolves and put a lot of junk on Native American mythology as well? The dynamics of the character is bizarre, Aaron is shown as the hunted hero, but he is the only character to kill anyone in the film and is a rather unpleasant, ungrateful and annoying person while Dr. Hewitt is shown as the evil scientist , but she gives Aaron back the view and does nothing but try to help him. I mean, Aaron gets the gift of sight, but Hewitt is the villain? Also the regular staple Sci-Fi Channel of US military intervention is present, the problem is why they want so bad Aaron? He is not a soldier and while he has wolf eyes to help him see in the dark he is absolutely normal. The script can not solve if it's all in Aaron's mind or it's real, the ending is hilariously bad with a half naked (remember this was made for television) Aaron running through a forest with a pack of wolves armed with some horrible music that I think is emotional but makes it even funnier. There are so many things wrong with the Hybrid, it's slower than hell, there's virtually no action, there are no werewolves and the movie spins in circles trying to get into Aaron's mind, but it's all so ridiculous, silly and annoying that you do not matters little and there is never any explanation as to why despite having only eyes of transplanted wolves Aaron begins to develop other Wolf senses. <br /> <br /> As a diabetic I have problems with my eyes, heck I had a major surgery on my right eye and I can guarantee that after an operation your eye would be swollen, you would not be able to open it and it would hurt like hell, despite having eye transplants as soon as Aaron wakes up in bed, his eyes are perfect without swelling or redness. There are no special effects, blood or violence or violence and nothing to excite you. In fact, now I think about it, there is nothing even remotely horrified or with science fiction about it, it sounds like a monotonous movie of the week. <br /> <br /> Filmed in Manitoba, Canada, the movie looks OK, but it's bland. & forgettable. The acting is bad for everyone involved, none of which I've ever seen before and I hope it never ends. <br /> <br /> Hybrid is a terrible movie that is obviously marketed as a Werewolve 'Creature Feature', but it is far from it and most people will really struggle to get to the horrible end that will probably get you in points.
