The plot sounds vaguely interesting ... a scientist (Bateman) discovers how to transplant eyes from animals and optical nerves into other animals, such as humans. A young man (Monteith) is blind saving a co-worker at work - the scientist gets a call from a doctor that the young man is a good candidate to be the first human recipient. The receiver begins to become more like a wolf, but the effect is nothing more than "strange eyes" and run at night with dogs! (for the whole movie) The budget is very low, the dialogue also flushed (I laughed out loud at some of the ridiculous conversations), and the acting is very inept. Long parts of the film are nothing more than dreamy looks, mysterious music and interspersed clips of wolves in the wild. Long time, even at 90 minutes, boring and devoid of ideas. <br /> <br /> The military wants to use eye transplantation to return wounded soldiers to sight and, presumably, want to militarize the technology. There is a silly subplot about a beautiful Indian girl (Korey) who thinks she can help by using Indian wisdom on wolves. They make love while the music weighs on the drums and the Indian singing is heard - crazy, dude! Love happens immediately after a horrible murder - who edited this turkey?! A grouchy "medicine man" who spits platitudes seems to do little except to add atmosphere. <br /> <br /> Here are two ridiculous scenes. A worker in the research lab enters the animal room to find out that the monkeys have been released from their cages. She gets scared, looks at the monkeys, turns right, turns left, turns right, turns left .. this continues for a while (who edited this ??). RUN FROM THE DAMAGED LABORATORY! It was so stupid that I started laughing. Another ridiculous scene - our hero is at home, escapes through the window when the heavy military arrives - he leaves the window open, the military goes to the open window, they look out the window, they say "it looks like he was here", and leave! He went out the open window, guys !! Crazy. <br /> <br /> Near the end of the movie, soldiers are firing machine guns over and over again in trees, when obviously nothing is there - easier to put on abortions, I think. They have 6 machine guns that cut down trees, but they decide to fight our hero with a knife !!! Shoot the guy !! Who wrote this garbage? There's a useless showdown at the end, and believe me I'm not spoiling anything for you - there's enough batch to spoil. <br /> <br /> I think the whole thing was a tax write-off or an urgent job. to make use of the unused budget money left over from some better movie.
