This low-grade Universal chiller has just been billed as a DVD release, but as part of a collection of similar movies that I already had in hand, I decided to get it from other channels instead of waiting for the legitimate release. Which is good, since the end result was nothing particularly special (if decently atmospheric): for starters, the plot is pretty weak ?? even if it somehow anticipates Vincent Price's THEATER OF BLOOD (1973) vehicle, albeit without the exaggerated enthusiasm of that film. What we have here, in fact, is a sculptor with no money (Martin Kosleck)? whom we even see share your cheese plate with your pet cat! ??? who, finding himself at the receiving end of the vitriolic pen of art critic Alan Napier once more, decides to end everything by throwing himself at the nearest river. However, while contemplating only this action, he is anticipated by the Rondo Hatton killer, nicknamed "The Creeper" and, of course, saves the life of the poor boy with the intention of having him do all the dirty work for him in gratitude! Although it's supposedly set in New York art circles, all we see at work is Kosleck and the commercial painter Robert Lowery (who continues to paint the same blonde and sculptural girl Joan Shawlee several times in banal poses? who is conveniently compromised by a rival art critic (Virginia Gray) of Napier! In a short time, the latter is discovered with broken spine and Lowery is suspected, but then investigating Detective Bill Goodwin has the brilliant idea of hiring another critic to publish a blunt critique of Lowery's work (I did not know what advertising sketches were reviewed !!) to assess how violent his reaction will be! Meanwhile, Kosleck deludes himself into thinking he's creating his work -prima carving the singularly steep Hatton ?? and recognizable visage which, needless to say, attracts the attention of Gray (which leads us to believe that she has no material for her the weekly column), to the disgust of both the artist and the model. Disconcertingly, although The Creeper is fully aware of how Gray is (thanks to his already-mentioned haunting of Kosleck's flea pack), he hits Shawlee ?? who then became Goodwin's girl! ??? In Lowery's apartment, and hearing Kosleck talking to (you guessed it) Gray about his intention to dump him as the cop's guy, he sends the slow giant out of his depths even to destroy his own now completed stony image. Curiously, although this was Hatton's penultimate film, its name in the credits is preceded by the epithet "introduction"!
