Like sheep like the movie going public often proves to be. As soon as some critics say that something new is good (ie, "Shake-Cam"), everyone jumped on the wave, as if they were devoid of independent thinking. This was not a good movie, it was a horrible movie. 1) Plot - What plot? Bourne was chased from here to there, from beginning to end. This is the plot. Look no further than that. 2) Cinematography? - Do me a favor! Any 7 year old armed with an old, worn 8mm camera would do a much better job (I'm not exaggerating here). This film is a tour-de-force of surprisingly amateur camera work. The ridiculous shaking of ALL the scenes will cause dizziness and nausea. 3) Credible? - Oh, definitely. This is a masterpiece of credibility. I loved scenes about Bourne being chased by the police (local) through the winding streets of the Tangiers market. - I went to Tangier. Even the guides can not navigate these streets, but Bourne shook 100 policemen with speed and delicacy. Greengrass must be laughing at his head for the ingenuity of his film disciples. 4) Edition? - I do not know what the editor was when he made this movie, but I want some! - Each scene is between 0.5 and 2 seconds. I felt nauseous at the end of the movie from the strobing effect of the "scenes" flashing. 5) Addressing? Hmmm This is an interesting aspect. The movie seems to have no direction. Another case of Greengrass throwing a copy of the script (all two pages) into the cameraman and telling him to "shoot some scenes while he was drunk." "Do not worry boys, let's tie the scenes together in the editing room." The publisher must be asphalted, feathered and placed in stock to allow this monstrosity to hit the screen. 6) Not one, but TWO CIA veterans giving female treatment to misused and misunderstood Jason Bourne. Putting their lives at risk for someone they could not be sure was not a traitor. Talk about stupid nincompoops. (As the evil members of the CIA conspire to dismiss any agent who puts a paper clip down on the floor). (Well, all men are evil, are not they? - Except for SNAGS, of course). Yes, this is actually a modern and politically correct film that shows females as heroes of the day and oppressive males as the real menace to humanity. 7) When you-know-who finally reaches the supporter, the good triumphs over evil (as it always does, huh?) And the would-be assassin gets Jason Bourne - he suddenly suffers a guilty trip and refrains from pulling the trigger (Yes - right ...) - at that very moment, the evil deputy director simply appears - with the gun in his hand and he pulls the trigger. "How did this sixty-year-old man run so fast and not even out of breath?" The Wonders Will Never End 8) Do not worry, there is a Senate hearing and the bad guys are pulled into the courts. Well, we can not have nasty, politically incorrect CIA agents running around shooting people, can we? How lovely to see a true to life P.C. Noughties movie. ------------- The Bourne Ultimatum is total rubbish.
