The number of errors in this episode was greater than in the first 9. They do not follow their own rules about spirits, where the destruction of the body causes the spirit to dissolve. This dropped a second body. That body, and Dean, falls about 20 feet from Sam, but they're right with Sam. Lanterns go out in an unlit asylum at night, and we can still see everything. It's night, but the light is flowing through the windows. A ghost who died in 1960 is making cell phone calls? Let's go! There's no way Sam can get a psychiatrist to see him the day he makes an appointment and the doctor talks to Sam as if it was not his first visit. Sam and Dean knew there were other bodies in the asylum and innocent spirits still lurking and did nothing to help them. This does not sound like something the Winchester boys would do. Oh, and after crawling on a dirt-filled mattress and around a nasty asylum, the girls' makeup and hair are perfect and not a stain on their white shirt. Although the implementation of this episode had had problems, the premise was good and sometimes I was not scared, but nervous when Dean was reading the diary of Elicots. I only knew that such an intensely personal object for the ghost would draw him to the person who was violating his holiness. Elicot did not appear. Perhaps it is the fault of such an important object or place (such as Elicot's office) to attract the spirit when a living being touches or enters. When they separate I want to scream ... 'this is how you die! Always stay together and watch each other! but they do not listen to me: the Elicot spirit and his special ability was a very nice touch. It's the prime-time show, but I wish Elicot's horror would tie one of his victims and use the anticipation of torture to scare us all the way. <br /> <br /> Especially because of illusions of enlightenment, I gave note 4. The sudden darkness or flickering of all scene illumination while the flashing lantern is more terrifying. The coming lighter or flashlight reliving and instantly a spirit is on its face is shocking. I understand the directors want us to look at his scene, but make an obvious mention or connection with Elicot by tapping an electric outlet and the lights coming on. Ask the characters to respond to the fact that an asylum without energy suddenly has lights in the same room. Blue white lights flashing like electric arcs like the power of Elicot's finger. <br /> <br /> Seriously, the MCG could have done better.
