Houseboat Horror is a great title for this movie. It is absolutely sharp and therefore the only aspect of the film for which I can give 10 out of 10. There are floating houses, there is horror there is even horror that happens in houseboats. But if there was a catchphrase for the movie poster, it would certainly be "Something shonky that way ..." for Houseboat Horror is easily the worst Australian horror movie I've ever seen, not to mention one of the worst horror movies I've ever vi, and a rather atrocious attempt at making movies in general. The good news is that it's so horrible that it goes right through the spectator's snub zone into the wonderful world of unintentional hilarity. It is worth watching * because * it is horrible too. <br /> <br /> The 'worst' category does not come from the plot, for the simple reason that there really is one: a music producer, a film crew and a rock. the band heads to the mysteriously named Infinity Lake, a picturesque rural retreat somewhere in Victoria (actually Lake Eildon) to film a music video. One is not particularly happy to see them there and, possibly in an attempt to do a favor to the public, begins to take them out one by one with a very sharp knife. Even more mystifying is how long it takes the survivors to really realize it, <br /> <br /> On the surface, it looks like a very common B-movie slasher. You have highly annoying young people, intolerant old people, scary locals (one of whom, a gas station attendant, would easily win a turbulent competition), and let's face it, my description of the killer could easily be Jason Voorhees. Ah, but if only the values ​​of acting and production were as good as the comparative masterpiece, which was Friday, Part 13, Part VII. Unfortunately, Houseboat Horror is completely devoid of these two things. <br /> <br /> But in the end, this only makes what you do being so ridiculous and fun. Fans of the former member 'Late Show' and 'Get This' Tony Martin will already be aware of some true jewelry dialogue ('Check out the vision ... you will bar!'), While the current song accompany the music video is so bad that needs to be heard to believe - I can not help but wonder if writer / director Ollie Wood expected him to become a success. The horror element is comparable to b-slashers of the genre and particularly the period, but there were times when I could not help but imagine someone biting a hamburger off-screen and watching a hail of tomato sauce sprayed on the wall. <br /> <br /> In fact, if you're listening to Tony Martin recommending this movie as hilarious junk as I do, I do not think you'll be disappointed. Any horror fan "so bad is good" should not miss the opportunity. Whether you go 'bar' or not, though, is another matter. If, on the other hand, you are pursuing genuine excellence in the Australian horror genre, get a copy of the incomparable 'Long Weekend' and do not look back.
