It's interesting that everyone who (so far) seemed to like this movie had no expectations - I think that's the trick. In contrast to them, I had optimistic expectations, and that was a mistake. As soon as I saw how close the faces the camera was always, I knew we were in the hands of an extremely amateur director - this is always a clear sign of them, they think it is artistic or effective or intense to hold the camera. about two centimeters away from the actors. The actors in this film, however, had only one facial expression each. <br /> <br /> If the next camera was not enough, the lack of light in the film would kill it. The film seemed to be totally filmed in the dark. So now we know that the director of photography was also an amateur amateur. "Ooh ooh, let's light the device with a flashlight! That'll make it all look intimate!" No, that made everything seem invisible. <br /> <br /> In addition to serious technical flaws, there was absolutely no story beyond the slightest hint of an idea that was never developed, and nothing new about that kind of relationship. was illuminated. (Maybe this is a new kind of film for Germany, but in Los Angeles, forget it.) The fact that this movie won a few awards from the film festival does not indicate the quality of the film. film, but tarnish the quality of these particular festivals. I can assure you that this film will not win anything at the festival where I saw it. In fact, twice during the movie, it looked like it was finally over and people started to get up to leave (this was one of the side effects of the director's "total darkness" technique). But when the film shuddered, instead, there were groans coming from the audience. And as soon as the film finally ended, it was clear that it did not matter if it had actually ended in one of the two previous points. An earlier ending would have saved the audience from even more monotonous scenes of domesticity (folding sheets, cutting vegetables, spreading honey on bread). Yes, we understand, the lonely old man's life was boring - but we realized that in the beginning. <br /> <br /> I recommend that the audience miss this, it has absolutely nothing to offer sophisticated movie goers.
