When the remake of When A Stranger Calls came out, obviously I was interested in watching the original. So when I read about the original (which I remember having my sisters totally scared in the past), I saw that the real money is in the Black Christmas, which apparently hit everyone with the punch "the caller is in the house." So I netflix this, and it sits at the top of my list for months because of its "very long wait". All this time I'm getting more and more eager to see it! Then, one day, out of nowhere, finally enough! ... And it's a total snore. <br /> <br /> Of course, I might have high expectations, but I do not think I would have won more if I had seen something new. The thing is that it's Christmas in some Canadian university town, and there's a sisterhood partying. We see some shots of murderous POV as he climbs on that trellis and sneaks into the attic. So we know he's in the house. Then we are introduced to our characters - Olivia Hussey, as the naughty, sarcastic and Canadian Jess. Margot Kidder as the annoying and overtly aggressive alcoholic. She is so boring that even her mother invites her to the Christmas festivities. There's also this annoying clone of Janis Ian ("Phil") and this alcoholic mother, Mrs. Mac, seen pinching the various bottles of liquor she'd hidden throughout the house. We also met Jess's highly stressed boyfriend, Peter, played by 2001's Keir Dullea and Bunny Lake, who is losing fame, although in the middle of the movie I was still wondering, "Which one is Keir Dullea?" It seems that the house has received obscene phone calls, but that was before the email, so they could not ask him to send a photo. So - well, do you know how they say that plastic bags for dry cleaning are not a toy? One of the sisters finds it the hard way. Do not worry if you do not catch the first 14 shots of the plastic-coated corpse face while it rests in the attic - there will be 28 more interspersed throughout the film, obviously there to make you say "Oh my God! There's a corpse in the attic! Although after the first hour he switches to, "How come idiot cops did not find the plastic encapsulated corpse in the attic?" Especially when it becomes clear that it is clearly visible from outside the house. air must have been a golden age of crime, the cops are such idiots.Fortunately some of them look like John Saxon. <br /> <br /> Anyway, after much more boring human drama, the mother of the house fears that your precious kitten has climbed up the vertical ladder and opened a heavy trap door that sits on top of him (those cunning cats!) as she stuffs her head in there and ends up with a hook hook in her neck for the problem. we have two corpses in the attic - hey, why do not we have 75 more shots trying to calm us down because there are now TWO corpses in the attic? <br /> <br /> So, for now, the police began to take the situation seriously, to ring the phones of the houses and to park a police officer outside. They inform Jess and her friend Janis Ian that if the obscene caller calls back, they need to keep him on the phone. Jessica, who was even more annoyed, annoying and annoying, continues to ask the interlocutor: "Who is this? What do you want? Who are you?" then as the first 89 calls, when it becomes clear that he will not respond to it. Is not this a sign of developmental disability? The inability to learn from unsuccessful attempts at something? And what will he do, suddenly say "Oh yeah, hi, is Bob the laundry?" You dumb ass. Spoilers! Anyway, soon Janis Ian and Lois Lane (Kidder) are piled on the bed with ketchup splashed on their faces (idea of ​​the gore film), and idiot Jess realizes that not a single door or window of the house is locked. Hello? Are you being chased or what? Then the cops realize that the killer is at home, and they call Jess and tell her "do not ask questions, just do as I say. Walk to the front door and get out." So what does the idiot Jess do? He starts yelling "Phil? Barb? Phil? Barb?" Hey, great idea, sister. Now, why do not you go upstairs, where do you know that a psychotic killer is on the prowl? Of course he does, and he sees his old friends, all spattered with ketchup, causing that spectator to scream on the screen: "Have a tip now?!" <br /> <br /> Now obviously you need to understand and realize that this film was made before the classic slasher film tropes are solidly in place, and that it does not move to the same pace as we are accustomed to, and see one plastic-covered corpse in the attic as 206 times was probably scary back there, and people were not accustomed to being pursued by psychopaths, so they would not think about locking the doors or windows. And they may be tempted to climb the stairs when they know that a fanatic killer is upstairs. You see, people were stupid in the '70s. We have to understand that. One of the big shocks is that we do not even see our proto-Final Girl kill the psychopath. But believe me, this fact is more interesting to be read in this review than sitting through the movie for. End of spoilers! <br /> <br /> Hey, check out Merde's Cinema, my site about bad and cheesy movies (with some good movies released). You can find the URL in my email address above.
