Unhinged was part of the selection of Nasty Video censorship films that the UK built in the 80s. Keeps bloody things out of the hands of children, do not you know? Must have left many wondering what the fuss was all about. By the current standards, Unhinged is a tame little fairy tale. <br /> <br /> 3 girls go to a jazz show ... and, btw, you know the body count will be pretty low. They get lost in the woods and end up in a car accident that looks so fake that it's laughable. They are picked up by some nearby villagers who live in the woods in a scary house. One of the girls is seriously injured and needs to stay upstairs. Then there are conversations. Why the girls are here and how they should be to have dinner right away because the mother does not like it when someone is late. And more talking. Yakkity yak. Some suspense is built up like a crazy guy is walking around and harassing the girls, and someone's eyeball is looking through holes in the walls for the pretty girls at something that looks like Hitchcock's Psycho. I digress because there's a lot of blah blah in this movie, you can imagine when the murders will start. In fact, one of the girls gets so bored that she walks through the forest alone, looking for the city. Smart play. She probably knew about the solitary virgin walking alone in the woods, but she just did not care. More conversations continue after that while we wait, wait and wait a little longer until the next girl can or not be killed. <br /> <br /> And then there's the turning point that ends. The unexpected "expected" for some viewers, for others, a real catch. Quite possibly the only reason anyone really wants to watch it. I do not care how this is distorted, nothing in this movie makes up for the most annoying time I've watched. Even with the slightest impact from the end, the director simply does not have what it takes to actually deliver a good story with him. It would have made a much better 30 minute episode - 1 hour on TV, say, Tales from the Darkside. <br /> <br /> If you really have to do this for any reason, maybe just to say that you watched every slasher movie, do yourself a favor and keep the fast forward button ready. Since the movie has so many unimportant scenes, just go through them, and in no time you will reach the end of "WOW, that was all the time." Oh, and in the middle of the movie there's a bath scene with two girls showing the boo-bees. Horray for boo-bees. Those beautiful, busy zombies who make honey.
