If someone sits down to watch Unhinged, it's probably because their ads, video boxes, whatever, scream that they've been banned in the UK for over 20 years (as virtually every nasty video does). It is true; exploitation and taboo excite people and attract them with their promise of controversy. Being a fan of exploration, however, none of this was new to me. The ads that scream that the film was banned in the UK do not necessarily make me want to watch it; in fact, the first thing that usually pops into my head is how much the British censors are paranoid and disgusting. How I came to see this, then, is simple: it promised blood and cost only $ 6.99. The price alone has warned me not to have hopes that this is the next Halloween, but a cheap buildup of your DVD collection never hurts. I forced myself, however, to watch everything at once because I think that deciding to save the rest for another day leaves you even less inspired to finish it. Anyway, after 90 minutes of Unhinged, I discovered that I had found the cheapest sleeping aid available. I think distributors could make a fortune if they simply changed their marketing technique. <br /> <br /> Unhinged's layout is of any common slasher of the 80's. There are unnecessary bath scenes and blood explorer. That's about it. Anyway, start with a group of three attractive co-eds beating your car on the way to a concert. Although two of them (Terry and Nancy) are well, one of them (Gloria) is seriously injured and is out of action for the rest of the film. Marion is a middle-aged woman with a mother who hates men and who constantly accuses Marion of infiltrating the men in the house to sleep. They are rescued and given shelter in a mansion (which happens to have no telephone) with them (echoes of Psycho?). She also has a crazy brother, Carl, who lives in the woods because her mother's hatred for men is so intense that she refuses to let him stay at home. After staying with Marion for a while, Terry (our "heroine") and Nancy decide they should contact their parents. Despite everyone's warnings, Nancy challenges the dangerous forest to reach a telephone (her destination is not difficult to predict). After that, we see Gloria again, who is then quickly butchered with an ax. When Terry discovers that Gloria has disappeared from her room, she decides that something is not right with this picture and goes out in search of her missing friends. This may be easier said than done, however, with crazy Carl lurking ?? After seeing Unhinged, I read a large number of reviews stating that Unhinged worked perfectly because it took time to build the subject that created real tension by the time the truth arrived at the end. I usually do not drag others' opinions into my reviews (especially when they contradict my views), but in this case I was so intrigued by their reactions that I thought it would be relevant to mention them. That's because, in fact, the movie crawls. Usually, for the slow construction tactic to work, the audience must have a strong impression that the characters are in danger. Oh, of course, we see two of them being murdered, but in between there are never-ending scenes of conversation and boredom. We are aware that there is a killer on the loose, but this is only focused on the movie thrice; this means that there is no reason to fear for the victims. Instead, the events of the movie are not explained by the actions of the characters, but are drawn to us by perpetual conversations. If there's one thing I can assure you by watching this, it's that character scenes just talking to each other for 75 minutes are very boring. None of this is aided by the atrocious performance. It seems this was another case of the director who needs actors and decided to get his friends together rather than find someone with experience. <br /> <br /> Of course, I'd be a liar if I said there was not a part of the movie that I liked. Specifically, the ending was one of the best I've ever seen in a horror movie; you just do not expect this to happen. Just knowing that the director had the courage to do something like that is spectacular. Oh, I'm not going to ruin it for you, nor will I say that the ending completely outweighs the rest of the slow-motion movie, but it will definitely catch your eye. Other than that, the other two murder scenes bring at least some material faster, but it's not like you can not tell exactly who was to die 15 minutes after the movie. Anyone looking for a bloodbath will be disappointed; these are the only bloody gift scenes. That and, of course, no scene can save an entire movie. I usually preach the doctrine that as long as there is action, the worse a movie, the better it gets. Unhinged understands only part of this concept. The whole movie looks hot to Luke; there is potential potential, but the director did not have enough experience to make it work or simply did not know what the hell he was doing.
