The Invisible Maniac begins when young Kevin Dornwinkle (Kris Russell) is spotted by his strict mother (Marilyn Adams) watching a girl (Tracy Walker) roll her telescope ... Cut to 'Twenty Years Later' and Kevin Dornwinkle (Noel Peters) is now a physics professor who claims to have discovered a way to make things invisible by using a serum of 'mollecular reconstruction'. However, during a demonstration in front of his fellow scientists, he fails and they all laugh at him, Dornwinkle goes mad, kills some of them and is locked in a mental institute from which he escapes. Jump forward 'Two Weeks Later' and a group of summer students discuss the tragic death of their physics teacher when the director Mrs. Cello (Stephanie Blake as Stella Blalack) says she has hired a replacement, yes you guessed it is Dornwinkle . The student does not take him to him and treat him like dirt, but Dornwinkle has perfected his invisibility serum and uses it to satisfy his perverted sexual desires and his desire for revenge ... Co-written and directed by Adam Rifkin hiding wisely under the pseudonym Rif Coogan (I would not want my name to be associated with this movie turd as well). Invisible Maniac is the true bottom of things on the keg. Rifkin's script, sorry Coogan and Tony Markes is horrible. He tries to be a teenage hybrid of sex / comedy / horror that fails in every department. To begin with, the sex is nothing more than a few scenes of female showers and a few shots of breasts, I do not have much to fear, and the birds of the Invisible Maniac are not even so beautiful. The comedy is idiotic and every joke loses the proverbial mile, this is the kind of movie that thinks someone struggling with an invisible man or having Henry (Jason Logan) a dumb man trying to make a phone call is funny. Invisible Maniac makes the Police Academy film series (1984-1994) look like the pinnacle of sophistication! As for the aspect of horror that is also lame. It's also incredibly slow (takes over half an hour until the Dornwinkles become invisible), tedious, predictable, boring and has a highly irritating and unpleasant teenage character. <br /> <br /> Director Rifkin or Coogan or whatever, does absolutely nothing. to try to make the Invisible Maniac an even more enjoyable experience. There are no scares, tension or atmosphere and, as a whole, the film is a real chore to sit on. It does nothing with the angle of invisibility, only a few doors opening alone is as adventurous as possible. There is very little violence, a little blood, a few bottlenecks and the only decent piece in the whole movie when someone's head is blown up with a shotgun, unfortunately he was invisible at the time and we could only see the headless torso later. <br /> <br /> The budget must have been low, and I say too low because this is a movie that seems to be pretty cheap. Dornwinkles lab is basically two jars in your bedside cabinet! When he escapes from the psychiatric institution, he sends all the dogs behind him and the whole school has about a dozen students and two teachers. The Invisible Maniac is a poorly made movie in its entire duration of 85 minutes, I saw the microphone boom on at least one occasion ... Let's just say that the performance is low standard and leave it at that. <br /> <br /> The Invisible Maniac is crap, simple and simple. I have not found any redeeming features at all, there are so many better movies you can watch, so there is no reason to waste your time with this crap. Definitely one to avoid.
