Film critics of the world, I apologize. It is their job to give advice to the public so that they can choose wisely in which to spend money. But I ignored her advice and was deeply hurt. However, my decision to see "The Cat in the Hat" was not made at random. You see, three years ago, all of you critics said we should avoid the "calamity" known as "How the Grinch Stole Christmas." Then some friends of mine took me to see this and turned out to be a colorful, funny and almost hypnotic yuletide treat. So when the critics released their fury against "The Cat in the Hat," another big budget that Seuss updated with a big name star in the title role, I thought it should be the same old song. How wrong I was. For five whole minutes, I thought it was clean. The opening credits are smart, the kids are lovely and the production values ​​are top notch. Then the cat appeared. There are many problems from this point, but the biggest of them was the pitiful miscasting of Mike Myers. Where "The Grinch" was saved by Jim Carrey's inspirational casting, "The Cat" was destroyed by Myers. It can be very funny when your energies are applied where they belong, comic sketches. Every movie he did that was really funny was really just a comedy feature film, from "Wayne's World" to "Austin Powers." So he tries to do the same thing here, it's just that these comedy sketches are more like the things they put down at the end of the SNL, they're not funny, just painful. Not that the writers have helped him. After the charming prologue, the film turns into an hour of disgusting bodily humor jokes, poorly timed plays and insulting attempts at hip humor. This film was the most discouraging cinematic experience I have ever had. Period. So much talent and hard work went to something so vile. I know the adult stars in this movie will be relatively unscathed by this mess, I just hope the wonderful Spencer Breslin and Dakota Fanning are more likely to show off their charms in much better films. If you are a parent, please avoid this like the plague. With movies like "Elf" and "Brother Bear" currently in theaters, you have much better choices.
