Hellborn begins when a young psychiatrist named James Bishop (Matt Stasi) happens to reside in the madhouse of St. Andrews, or "mental illness center," as they like to call him there. With nearly 600 patients, Bishop meets his boss, Dr. McCort (Bruce Payne) and is put to work. It gets an "A" where some seriously ill and dangerous patients are kept. If that was not bad enough during his first round of visits, Bishop finds a corpse and has threatening graffiti in his room. Bishop begins to hear patients' stories about sinister happenings in the asylum and soon finds out for himself that stories have more than a hint of truth about them ... Known as the Asylum of the Damned in the USA supernatural horror film was directed by Philip J. Jones and I kind of liked it, but in the end there were many unsatisfactory elements for me to fully take advantage of. The screenplay for Matt McCombs takes itself very seriously and I quite liked the basic idea behind it and some of its ideas, but there are some things that work against it. To begin with, the film is very slow, the story is very good and it does not give away very early, but it takes an absolute age for that to happen and I was quickly losing interest with every passing minute. I also felt that the so-called end of the twist was very predictable and the ending itself was very mild and forgettable. It's a shame because I enjoyed the story, the character, the scenery and some of the ideas, but it's simply too slow and downright boring to keep one entertained throughout its 90 minute duration. It's one of those movies that I would recommend, but in all honesty I can not. <br /> <br /> Director Jones does a good job, this is actually a well-lit, atmospheric movie. I would not say there's something scary here. I'm not sure if Hellborn was shot in a real asylum, but if it was not, they did a great job on sets and the movie got really good overall. Unfortunately, there is a real lack of bleeding or action, there are two hand-shaped wounds and a severed tongue and that's it, absolutely nothing else in terms of blood or blood that has to go down as a disappointment. Depending on who you believe and who review you read the special effects are the worst or very good as well as a devout low-budget devotee observer. I was very impressed by the effects, especially the demon thing that looks powerfully impressive and is a man in a suit-type effect instead of a terrible CGI computer graphic, although it is an impressive suit. It all depends on your expectations, I suppose. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is good, looks good enough and the lack of graphics effects is something I like. The performance is not great, but it certainly could have been better. <br /> <br /> Hellborn is a movie that disappointed me, there were some good things about it, but at the same time some terrible things that unfortunately far outweighed Boa. I kinda enjoyed parts of it, but as a whole 90 minutes of experience I would find it totally impossible to recommend it to anyone.
