In theory, movies should be a form of entertainment. Meanwhile, it excludes documentaries and other experimental forms of film production; most movies, especially genre films, should not just tell their story or message, they should entertain the audience in some way. All this just to say that in my opinion a bad movie is not a film with low production values ​​or low budget, a bad movie is one that is boring. "Hellborn" or "Asylum of the Damned" as it is known in the US, is a bad movie simply because it is not just engaging and hopelessly boring and tiring. Although it has a very good premise, it is only poorly developed and mediocre acting does not make things better. In other hands, the film probably could have been a good or even classic B movie, but here is just a bad attempt at making movies. <br /> <br /> Director Philip J. Jones tells the story of James Bishop. (Matt Stasi), a young resident psychiatrist who has just landed his dream job at St. Andrew Mental Hospital; but the old asylum seems to hide a secret. After the mysterious death of some patients and the constant rumors of satanic practices, James decides to find out what is happening; only to discover the incredulity of his boss, Dr. McCort (Bruce Payne), who believes Bishop is getting as insane as his patients. <br /> <br /> Although the premise is quite interesting, the film's execution leaves much to be desired. In an attempt to make a supernatural psychological thriller, Jones seeks the easy way out and makes a movie full of all the cliches of the genre. Of course, there are many great movies that are also full of clichés; but in "Hellborn" each one is wasted and turned into a cheap scare to keep things moving, resulting in a boring and predictable plot. <br /> <br /> The acting is pretty mediocre for the most part, with one big exception: Bruce Payne gives a high-level performance that makes the movie seem unworthy of such a good performance. Matt Stasi is very weak, since the main character and the rest of the cast make forgettable performances. <br /> <br /> Despite all these flaws, one thing has to be written about "Hellborn"; has a very good look for the budget and very similar to Hollywoodwod's "horror" productions of great modern budget. In addition, the makeup and prosthetics are done very well and the designs for the main antagonist are very good. Unfortunately, the rest of the special effects are terrible and outdated, making a huge contrast to the makeup and prosthetics. "Hellborn" is a movie with some good things outnumbered by its serious flaws with terrible results. Hardcore horror or B movie fans may be interested in your premise, but it's a boring and tiring experience. 3/10
