This is the "House of Exorcism" page, but most people have confused this movie with Mario Bava's masterpiece, "Lisa & the Devil," which explains the ridiculously high classification for this, "House of Exorcism." When "Lisa & the Devil" was shown at film festivals in the early 1970s, it was a critical success. The public responded well to this beautiful goth horror film. Unfortunately it was a little ahead of its time, and was considered very unusual, and not commercial enough for mass consumption. No distributor would buy. Then producer Alfredo Leone decided to edit 'Lisa', apparently with a chainsaw, removing only half of the original film, and adding new scenes, which he filmed two years after the original product! It is important to note that Bava had little to do with these heinous new additions, so technically "House of Exorcism" is not a Bava movie. The original product is a slow, dreamy and elegant production. A few minutes after the movie, the viewer is dragged out of this world of dreams, when suddenly we see Lisa, (two years older and with a very different haircut), start to squirm on the floor, making guttural and glaring sounds epitaphs such as "suck my co-k", etc. Subtle, huh? And the film goes on and on, going back and forth between a beautiful visual film and a Z-grade "Exorcist" movie. Leone was trying to incorporate these shock scenes, retaining some intact story appearance. He failed miserably. When the choice was made to basically destroy "Lisa and the Devil," Bava himself declined, saying his film was too beautiful to be cut. He was right, and it must have been very sad for this artist to see all his work destroyed and to fall into the toilet. It was many years before the original "Lisa and the Devil" were seen again, resurfacing on late-night television. I had seen "Lisa" long before I saw this new version, and it was frankly disturbing to witness one of my favorite movies "vandalized" this way. Worth seeing just because of curiosity. Otherwise, avoid this insidious disaster like the plague.
