But I doubt many were rushing to see this movie. Or "Some came running from the movies." Okay, that's a little rough. The film begins in a non-comic way: Frankie-boy returns to his hometown after many years (this already stinks) and the whole city is shaken by his arrival: he is spoken, everyone wants to talk to him, and every woman he meets flirts with him like there's no tomorrow - even his niece insinuates that she would gladly have left her date to talk to Frankie-boy a little more! Even your niece wants a piece of it! It sounds like one of those risible episodes of "Mike Hammer," where EVERY single woman wants Stacey Keach. And like Stacey Keach, Frankie-boy is anything but the wet dream of a beautiful woman. In real life, someone like Sinatra (without fame) would not get within 100 yards of someone as handsome as MacLaine. But in this Hollywood movie is the opposite: MacLaine is absolutely crazy about Frankie-boy, but he did not care about anything! Sinatra often plays his "cool" in his films, and is rarely credible. Dean Martin is a bit out of touch; he is not misused as a card player, but because of the accent that simply does not match him. MacLaine is as charming as ever, but she does a cartoon - and that confidence in the cartoons is one of the film's basic problems. The main characters are all kinds of stereotypes of bad movies or seen before - and cheap romances; Frankie is the "cool cat" who goes back to town to get all the women, and he could not care less about his writing (which, presumably, gains recognition); Martin is a despicable but friendly card player; MacLaine is the dumb ass, but very friendly; Frankie's love interest is an arrogant literary expert; Frankie's brother is the successful guy who married his wife's business and has a very bad marriage; and so on. Cliches. <br /> <br /> The story contains some coincidences that are a little overdone for my liking: Frankie simply bumps into his niece in one spot; his niece is a few feet from his father when he kisses his secretary for the first time; and then there's the terrible, stupid end. <br /> <br /> In it, a drunkard committed to kill Frankie-boy can find him at a carnival everywhere! The place is totally crowded, with the typical noise and chaos - and this is happening at night - and yet the guy somehow finds Frankie (despite being drunk as a doorknob) and shoots him. But guess who he kills? MacLaine. She jumps in front of the bullet to save Frankie: a cliché that comic book writers can scare. This totally pathetic, super-dramatic and annoying ending certainly can not please any onlooker, even if it is semi-intelligent. And it happens the same day MacLaine and Sinatra got married! The writer of this nonsense seems to have read crappy money novels all his life - how else is the writing of this movie explained? There is even a card game in which a fight begins with Frankie & Martin against some clichéd caricatures of the writer's "vivid" imagination. (Suddenly it was like a bloody western.) Another stupid thing is the way Sinatra was crazy about the dull, boring nose and practically ignored MacLaine. As the movie progresses, we find that Sinatra thinks MacLaine is too dumb to him, just as the blonde fool thinks Sinatra is too low for her. There is a certain snobbery and disdain to be detected in the MacLaine script. MacLaine is treated as useless by everyone, while the blonde is treated as a princess and intellectual; the ironic truth is that the character of the latter is considered mute and not intellectual. Their behavior, comments and opinions are mostly clichés, silly, confused, pretentious and primitive. At least the MacLaine character KNOWS that she (MacLaine) is dumb. There is another irony that I did not fail to notice: Sinatra had difficulty finding an ending to his last story - much like the writer of this movie, and that's why he came up with the tacky and bad ending. <br /> <br /> The film basically has a solid cast, and the photograph is cool, but the script, although sometimes well, depends a lot on silly nonsense rather than characters and events based on reality. <br /> <br /> If you are interested in reading my "biographies" of Shirley MacLaine and other Hollywood intellectuals, contact me by email.
