A text prologue warns us that we should not allow evil to enter our home, but I think the most appropriate word is "entropy." Good grief, what these two assholes are crazy! <br /> <br /> George (Seymour Cassell) is alone in his office in San Francisco and his monstrously expensive home in Tiburon while his wife and son are in San Diego. Two girls (Sondra Locke as Jackson and Colleen Camp as Donna) knock on her door for instructions. Well, it's raining, and they're shaking like two soggy kittens, and they're not sure what the address they're looking for, and, with one thing and another, George invites them to come in and join their party. pizza by the fire. All three end up in George's bathtub and there follow about five minutes of almost undifferentiated nudity in double exposure, triple exposure, quadruple exposure and exposure to dodokakuple. They spend the night in a trio and the next morning the girls fix their breakfast. But something was a little crooked because Georgie's guests swallowed everything with their fingers and poured ketchup and syrup all over their clothes and- "You eat like ANIMALS!" George exclaims and tells them to leave. In your dreams. <br /> <br /> Now, do not get me wrong. Sondra Locke is a young blonde who looks extraordinary with cobalt blue eyes and Colleen Camp jumping like a super ball. You have to say, they create them very cute there in Shelbyville, Tennessee, where the Locke come from, and they also breed with bodacious tushes too, as we can not help noticing after the first five or ten minutes. /> <br /> But when the girls get mad, so does the movie. The film is then bathed in a garish green light. The two make themselves macabre and make faces of gargoyle in themselves in the mirrors. They cower a deliveryman and then drown him to make sure. They curse a storm and break windows and furniture. They have one of those scenes where two people sit at the table, licking food and jumping at each other's bones. And Georgie? They first leave Georgie unconscious with mace (which contains nothing you can not find in that little red bottle of McIlheny's Tabasco sauce in the kitchen cupboard), tie it up, pour flour and milk on top of it, subject it to a test psychotic , put him through one of those semi-plays type Tolstoi, give him a slap, dress up in strange outfits, then jump on him and his virtually destroyed upper middle class house, and are dispatched by an ex truck machina As for acting, it's as if someone had told Georgie, "First, be polite to these girls, then panic after you're tied." And for girls: "First, shy, unwilling to impose on anyone, and then crazy." And that's it. <br /> <br /> The work of photography and location is straight from a porn movie of the 1970s. I'm not sure if this suggests a total lack of skill. It takes effort and talent to turn San Francisco into ugly. The score gives us two Leitmotivs. Georgie's is a pop song with lyrics about "being free" and "giving up". Jackson and Donna is a captivating thing called "My Good Old Dad". <br /> <br /> I approve of the moral lesson behind the story, however. There are some things that you simply should not give up, even if they seem very fun at first. All very educational.
