** SPOILERS ** I rented "Thesis" (or "Thesis") with the strength of the later effort of director Alejandro Amenabar "The Others". Based on what a brilliantly measured and frighteningly effective hit film was, I assumed that his previous efforts would be of a similar quality and I was in the mood for some good horror. Instead, I ended up with the most tedious and absurd excuse for a horror movie I've seen since the German movie "Anatomie" (which I remembered this way). The plot has potential but is played out in the first 20 minutes. It revolves around the thesis of innocent psychology student Angela (Ana Torrent - Jessica Harper) on the subject of violence in the movies. Through some exaggerated circumstances and too many fools to enter here, she ends up taking a "snuff" tape in which two men torture, mutilate and kill a girl for the camera. Angela, and her friend Chema (Fele Martinez) are shocked and intrigued by the tape and decide to get to the bottom of who is responsible for it. <br /> <br /> This leads to ... well, nothing. <br /> <br /> They never really explain why they want to find the girl's killers (since they resolutely refuse to contact the police during unfolding events, even when their own lives are at risk) and the mystery itself is as flabby as Graham Norton in a room full of bunnies. There is only one proper 'lane' (the type of camera the killers used is uncovered) and that is a) a really weak one and b) shot in the first 20 minutes. The rest of the so-called "unraveling" comes only through blind luck, increasingly ridiculous twists, and a SLEW of horrible, transparent, and utterly useless red jokes that are thrown just to fill the run-time. Seriously - Amenabar may know his stuff about ghost stories, but he clearly never read a detective book in his life. The key to a good whodunnit is to have a large group of potential suspects and eliminate them one by one with intelligent deduction and the gradual discovery of more and more evidence before moving on to the final turnaround. In "Thesis", * THE POTENTIAL SPOILER AHEAD * The identity of the killer is correctly guessed by the amateur "detectives" almost instantly and then we have 100 minutes of the writer trying weakly to throw us off the scent until he runs out of ideas, throws his hands up and says "OK, you got me, it was him after all"! As for any kind of logic or motive behind the crimes - without such luck. You're watching the wrong movie, if that's what you're after. <br /> <br /> The only thing that drags "Thesis" down, besides being just a stupid and poorly written thriller, is the way it really tries to do. some ridiculous and confused "point" about violence in the movies. I have no idea what the stance he is trying to take on the subject is, but he seems determined to stick a ton of confused and misguided psycho-bubbles among the others and say, "Look at me! I'm politics!" The final scenes, where the "point" of the film is supposedly hammered, are so absurd and puerile, we can not help wondering if Amenabar feels embarrassed now when he sees this. If he does not, he certainly should. This is total thing of 'amateur night in the house of terror'. Generally speaking, I can not believe that I lost two whole hours (it seemed at least six) in this, just waiting for something to happen. The urban legend of 'snuff movies' (and that's basically all they are, despite the way this movie tries to suggest they are some kind of criminal phenomenon sweeping the world!) Is an area that can be so explored in a good horror. movies ("Videodrome" anyone?), but it is so easy to overtake the line in children's "it would not be cool if!" territory with him (ie: "My Little Eye") ... "Thesis" reaches an all time low for the genre 'snuff movie'. At all levels, this is best left dead and buried. I'll award 1 out of 10 for good lighting, but that's all you're getting.
