The strange Vera-Ellen went to the movies to dance what Sonja Henie went to for the ice-skating movie: blonde, feminine, always nice to watch, but not an especially good actress and usually laden with weak material. When I watch the sexy Vera-Ellen apache dancing with Gene Kelly in Words and Music, I can not help noticing that her blouse (yellow with narrow red horizontal stripes) seems to be made with the flag of South Vietnam. For some reason , the very American Vera-Ellen starred in * two * musicals (made several years apart) in Edinburgh, a city not famous for her tap dance dancers: 'Let's Be Happy' and 'Happy Go Lovely'. In this last one, Cesar Romero interprets an American businessman that for some reason is staging a musical in Edinburgh. There is a vague attempt to link this show to the Edinburgh Festival, which is absurd: the Festival is not a showcase of flamboyant leg shows. We also see footage from the Royal Mile: in addition to a few Highland accents, there is absolutely no attempt to convey the Scottish atmosphere in this film. The funniest joke comes early on, when we discover that the title of Romero's show is "Frolics to You": this is a cheeky pun that the British will get and the Yanks will not. <br /> <br /> Ellen is, as usual, cute and attractive and an impressive dancer, but the few musical numbers in this movie are boring and bad. The plot - the mistaken identity between tycoon David Niven and reporter Gordon Jackson - makes no sense, though no more than the plots of several dozen Hollywood musicals. Romero is less irritating than usual here, probably because (for the first time) he is not required to convince us that he is interested in sleeping with heroin. <br /> <br /> The biggest offense in this movie is the misuse of Bobby. Howes Sally's father Ann Howes was a great star of the West End stage musicals; Her melancholy rendition of "She's My Lovely" was a big hit in Britain in 1937. Here he appears in several scenes as Romero's dog but never had the chance to join a musical number, not even any real comedy . It is absolutely criminal that this film - with a title containing the word "Adorable", evoked Howes' biggest success - would melt a great British musical star, but it would not give him anything to do! The delightful character Ambrosine Phillpotts (whom I once worked with) sparkles in a string of restaurants, and there is a glimpse of the doomed beauty Kay Kendall. As a Vera-Ellen confidant, someone named Diane Hart speaks in one of the most annoying voices I've ever heard: it sounds like an attempt to imitate Joan Greenwood and Glynis Johns in the same way, but it does not match either. Val Guest has a story credit, but this movie does not quite match the quality of his brilliant comedies. Color photography is miserable, though I realize that postwar Britain could not afford Hollywood's work. 'Happy Go Lovely' is, at best, a pleasant waste of time, with 'waster' being the operative word. I will rate this movie only 4 out of 10.
