You have to understand, when Wargames was released in 1983, created a generation of wannabe computer hackers. The idea that a teenager could do something of distant proportions, the longer he stopped a world war, was new and exciting. Real computers were beginning to appear in people's homes, and for the first time, society was interconnecting in a way that made the premise of the film excitingly prescient. It is true that a talking computer that balanced free time between chess and global thermonuclear warfare was a little improbable, but the brilliant commentary on nuclear proliferation and the cold war offset this. I've probably heard of the hackers this movie was actually based on. <br /> <br /> Fast forward for 25 years, and we have a horrible mutant of one thing I hate to call "sequel," called War Games: The Dead Code. I'll start investigating. First of all, the plot depends on a government gaming site where people who win games automatically become suspicious of terrorism. You are probably very confused now. The idea is that eventually the terrorist click on the sub-game inside the site called "The Dead Code", where they fly an airplane over a city, spraying it with biological weapons. At some point in the game, you have to choose between "sarin gas" and "anthrax", and if you choose "sarin" then you are automatically confirmed as a bioterrorism weapons specialist and your family is taken into custody and questioned. In the movie, this really happens. However, since the payment for the game was made from a suspicious bank account, obviously everything makes sense. <br /> <br /> Second, the AI ​​avatar on this direct DVD pump is an annoying flash animation that keeps repeating the pop-up-ad-esquire sound "play with me baby". Because apparently in the future, advanced AI loses interest in intellectual pursuits like chess, and enters porn. <br /> <br /> Third, the motivation for these "hackers" is profit and women, as opposed to pure curiosity as in the original movie. For some reason, recent hacking movies feel the need to portray all young adults as a kind of ordinary surfer person who is just like everyone else. This may work for your average sitcom, but come on, you do not learn how to take the government computer, do the hair, play sports, and shop at the mall, folks. The only new thing I noticed was that at some point in the dialogue there is a reference to a Matt Damon movie, and then there is the phrase "Good Hunting, Will." I swear, they named the lead character Will just for that sentence so they could send a high five to Mr. Damon. This Will boy is not bad, but he certainly was not like an obsessive hacker I've ever met. I can not completely state how annoyed I am that this movie shares the same name as the original because it has absolutely nothing in common with it except ?? Professor Falken and Joshua (WOPR) reappear in this film, as an old, flaccid man who is apparently dying of boredom, and a dilapidated old-fashioned gaming machine with a louder voice. After a few nudges, Joshua (the AI) has what looks like sex with the new AI with the porno voice, a lot of board games flash on the big screens and the whole "The only way to win, is not to play" to revelation should be the culminating moment. Except those of us who saw the original, you know, those who would like to see this in the first place were already there and did it. A recycled end to a movie made from the compound last month. <br /> <br /> The new movie was directed by a guy who made 90210, and written by guys who make B movies. The original was directed by a guy who's been busy with "Heroes", so you see the difference of quality there. There was talk of a real remake, but I hope they do not destroy this classic again. I swear, if I have to, I'll go to all the betting sites until I find what's run by a psychotic government computer. The saving grace is that I was able to broadcast it on Netflix, so at least the only energy I spent watching this disaster was for breathing, clicking and indigestion.
