Someone, someday, should do a study of architecture as a figure in horror films; of all those explorations of strangely arranged mansions, searches for secret passages and crypts, traces of monsters through air ducts, and so on. Suddenly, I remember only a few movies in which architecture played a major role throughout - "Demon Seed," "Cube," the remake of "Thirsty Ghosts" - but it is at the heart of every story about a scary house or church or crypt; it is all about the character and effect of spaces, passages and walls. So I was looking forward to this thriller, where it promised to be central. The idea is this: an architect built - in fact, rebuilt - a huge and disproportionate house for himself; his wife has just left him, mainly because of his own egocentrism, but also, this is hinted at, because she can not get used to the place since he remodeled it. Living in an unaccustomed solitude (this time real, not virtual), he suspects that another person - a stranger who came to the door one night asking to use the telephone and suddenly disappeared - is living in the house with him; only the place is big enough that he will never see it. <br /> <br /> This is a good start to a melodrama, whose development would be expected to follow some lines like these: After looking for the house by the intruder a few times without success, the architect uses his plans to perform more searches systematically, trying in various ways to surprise, intercept or ambush the intruder, perhaps by means of some special features that he built into the structure. Meanwhile, the intruder discovered hiding places and paths between places that the architect did not predict or remember. The movie would become a cat-and-mouse game, a hunt, a battle; and finally, in attempting to arrest the intruder, the architect himself would end up trapped in his own creation in a way he did not expect. Then he would be forced to think of himself - and perhaps outside his own self-imposed isolation - and in a final turnaround would preach, and perhaps even kill, the shit. None of this happens in this movie; the house is just a house, the architect is just a guy, and his enemy is an unknown character, if he exists. Here's what happens in the movie: Once the intruder is installed in the house - if he is - the architect starts to hear noises, but when he investigates he finds nothing. He calls the police, they think he's a little crazy; he convinces his estranged wife to spend the night, she thinks he is crazier. Finally, more or less accidentally, he bumps into the intruder (does not take a good look, but figures, who else could it be?) - is not a difficult question, in a story with less than three main characters at this point), after which he blocks the doors, lowers the bars in the windows, throws away the key (I do not know why he thinks this is necessary), and let his victim starve to death. I missed the reason: the doors and walls are made of steel? In any case, the architect takes to sleep in his car. And since the idea of ​​the film has not evolved and can not be developed further, something else must be planned to take its place. And that's it: the architect - are you ready? - enters the house of the man who (presumably) moved to his and lives there in the same way. How is this possible? It is not, but the film follows this way to try to make it seem: the architect took a picture of the man who arrived at his door; and when he leaves the house, he takes the picture with him; and while sitting in his car, he throws the photo on the street; and two children pick up and observe that he looks like Martin, his neighbor; then the architect asks where his house is and the children point the way. <br /> <br /> If this sequence seems to border on the implausible, what follows plunges. The architect moves in with Martin's wife in a wheelchair. , without her knowing; so stealthy in his movements and so cunning in his reading of his hostess that he can always get out of a room as soon as she enters or out of sight as soon as she turns around. Throughout this section, the film is clever in a way, making (or letting the viewer do) the point that his life with this stranger, who does not know he is there, is essentially the same life as he lived with his wife. , as a virtual recluse with it as a convenient buffer. But at the same time, his inability to live in the world makes his transformation into Raffles, the cat-assailant, entirely incredible. Do not get into the series of twists at the end - including another murder achieved by locking someone behind another invincible door - this in front of a landing so fragile that it collapses under the weight of a wheelchair; two cool people who take killings calmly; and (before the story began) the unseen construction of a tunnel under several houses ... For the long-awaited final twist, the film adds another, to make it even more offensive, and then ... it ends. <br /> <br /> Here is a story that depends on the development of two things-the idea of ​​the stranger in the house, and the character of the man whose house it is-and it bothers both. The first fumble makes it annoying; the second made me angry, as he pushed his main character further and further along an increasingly zigzagging path, and never offered any explanation for the character he needed most: Martin, the tunnel builder and tenant. The story must be redone by someone, someday.
