"Absolute Beginners" was a film for the younger generation, a multi-time film that discussed the issues that teenagers were facing in Britain and how these problems, constantly striking each note, the teen's problems can relate to youth of tomorrow. It could have been nicknamed "Moulin Rouge" of the 80's, but it disappeared. He has made his mark very shallow in the world, escaped the radar, and can now be found collecting dust in the musical section, in the comedy section or in the politically obscure section of that video store that does not need chain money to survive. Unfortunately, was not that where I found it? but I found, watched, tried my best to sing along with him, I looked into Bowie's eyes, but I found myself faded in the end. Did not survive the test of time? Is London in the fifties far from our present society? Is Bowie too scary? I think "Absolute Beginners" is somewhere on each of these issues as the perfect example of cinema that starts with a bang, but yields to a mere glow in the end. "Absolute Beginners" opens with a huge number that takes us through the non-sandy streets of London, involving night theft, prostitutes on every street corner, dancing everywhere, alcoholic drinks like rivers and more coarse bonds in almost every individual. Sounds like a place we all hate to be? right? Director Julien Temple maintains the light, flamboyant mood in most songs as we try to learn something about a multitude of main characters. What we follow most is Colin played by Eddie O'Connell, who follows his dreams of being a photographer while filming his favorite girl, Suzette (played by Patsy Kensit). These two have chemistry, and while Suzette looks like a pre-rehab Lohan, to me they've worked. There was a huge spark between them, the chemistry was like lava, and I believed these two could take me down a road I had never traveled. Was I ready ?? but then something happened. Temple takes us out of the nightlife, takes us out of the city we grew up in the beginning, and completely reverses the roles without any dedication to the first. Suzette runs away, Colin becomes a pervert and Bowie? good ?? I'm not sure what his role is, but does he sing incredibly well when climbing a mountain? I can tell you a lot. Temple gives us this flashy city, this opportunity to see those who inhabit it, but it leaves us standing tall and dry when it's time to pull the trigger. We learned about Colin, mostly, but no one else. I could probably watch this movie again and still be equally confused about who is angry with who, and what importance fashion had for that era. Also, were they really teenagers? they all seemed to be coming to the end of their 20s, but maybe it was my TV. <br /> <br /> Character development launched through the door, Temple tries to compensate by giving us larger and more luxurious songs using even more characters. which we know nothing about. One of my favorite songs in the film uses this thought as a prime example. Temple uses a split house to show us the life of Colin's parents (which I did not know they were until after the movie) and a song that screams apathy. Great music, too many characters, insufficient time, suddenly creep into another scene of lack of coherence, and it just melts in your hands. So if that were not enough, we are shaking our heads to the rhythm of some great songs, rubbing our 'attempt to understand where our characters are or are going, and Temple throws hatred, anger and politics in the final. Act. While I hoped this movie had a dedicated theme, I did not think racism would be at the top of the list. Suddenly friends are missing, people are angry, and is there some random guy running around fighting Colin because he lives in poverty and has a friend of a different race? Someone help me here. Seemed completely rushed and overwhelming ?? almost to the point of wanting to turn off the film. For me, the ending of "Absolute Beginners" was nowhere near the excitement of the opening number. That first part set the pace, and Temple could not keep up. <br /> <br /> Overall, I must say that Temple can direct a music video, but I do not think he was well prepared for the film. I do not think this movie will reach a "cult" status, and it probably will not be remembered or will stay on the dollar for many years. It's a fun movie to watch initially, but when we get to the end part, it explodes inside. I wanted some cutting edge work, but instead I found a weird Bowie along with characters I did not care about. I could see how this movie could relate to the youth of the 80's, but in the end it ended up feeling forced. I think everyone in this production should have taken a moment and listened to "Motivation" by the ever-weird Bowie in this movie, this may have helped solidify that trait into a better cult status. I'm glad I watched this movie once, but that's all my little brain can handle. I loved the way Temple got me from the start, but he could not control his characters (too much), and the songs did not seem to fit the final moments of the movie. It came out of nowhere and was not welcome. If this was a film about racism, it had to be from the beginning. "Absolute Beginners" was a welcome adventure, but I do not think I'll be cleaning up this movie in the future. <br /> <br /> Note: ** out of *****
