If you've read the original novel, like I did, you're probably going to hate this thing. <br /> <br /> The film version of _Absolute Beginners_ is a conglomeration of 80's anachronisms nightmares that try to create a set of "period pieces". in the late 1950s, failing to recreate or even honor that period - the American monstrosity of _Dirty Dancing_ is similar to 1963, except for the fact that the film was financially successful despite having written equally amateur. In addition to suffering from the "1980s look," the characters were changed, rearranged and minimized to the point that the only features they have in common with those of the novel are the slightest surface appearance and, of course, their appearance. Names: Suze is transformed from the exaggerated ex-girlfriend of the narrator and promiscuous negrophile who plans to marry an old money-locked queen (in her own admission on the front pages) into an infamous and naïve archetype of "Eve" seduced by fame and glamor , exploited and somehow deceived into a fake marriage by his boss, who surprisingly was not given a Van Dyke and pointy hairstyle. She and the narrator, renamed "Colin" (named after the author of the book, Colin MacInnes) for the film, are also in a relationship. The character of Big Jill, a seemingly butch lesbian still "fop like" in her early 20s, who acts like a pimp of young bubble-studded lesbians, and one of the closest friends narrator, giving wisdom to the narrator, is reduced to a kind of "extra name" with only a few. play lines outside, and tons of comic attire. <br /> <br /> Fabulous Hoplite, a young gay and a close friend of the narrator in the novel, is also reduced to the point of being useless in the film. , camped and almost ignored. The narrator's father in the novel is a sort of sad minor character, but in the film he is thrown to look optimistic and strangely witty, despite the squalid neighborhood, and the clutter of his marriage to his mother of the narrator seems, for all practical purposes, ignored. <br /> <br /> In your favor, the song (for what it is) is well composed, and you have to give credit to the production and writing teams for actually picking up a book line ("... a few days, they will write musicals about the 1950s ... ") as inspiration to write a musical, but in the world of bad music camped, this is one of the most poorly performed in the group. Unlike _Shock Treatment_ or _Starstruck_, the crucial elements of the plot are treated as later reflections. Unlike _The Apple_, there is an unstable and uneven flow between musical numbers and spoken dialogues. <br /> <br /> You really can not blame the idea that "the 80s also" had been created in the 1980s. The film version of "Annie", released in 1981, pays a wonderfully fine tribute Napolean Dynamite "manages to capture a sort of semblance of the 1980s, although it was made low-budget in 2003 (though not explicitly defined in the 1980s, those who decade can not deny that the movie "looks like a lot of the 80s"). Obviously, it was possible to do something good with this, especially considering the iconic status that the novel source has in the UK, but fails more seemingly in the appearance and treatment of the source material, which is perhaps if you have not read and have not intentions to read the novel, you can enjoy that exaggerated anachronism of the 80s, which features a shameful parody of modern jazz from Soho London in the late 1950s. I can definitely see what the writing team was trying but they definitely could have done better. With Boy George as a family name and mongrel musicians and bands on the charts in 1986, they definitely did not have to arrest the characters the way they ended up doing. In fact, I would even say that the writers ended up doing what both the book and the movie criticized harshly - ended up having a bunch of adults doing nonsense and treating their teenage audience as two dumb bits to make a quick buck.
