This film ends with a speech in which the narrator tells us the destinies of two of the main characters and that the names of people and places were changed ... before telling us that the relationship with real people and events is mere coincidence. This final line really sums up everything that happened before it; as Rino Di Silvestro's messy film completely misses sight, and if there is any point to the plot; was not placed there on purpose. Woman-werewolf is often seen as a guilty pleasure or a movie "so bad it's good", but I completely disagree. I usually like movies like that; but Werewolf Woman is in fact a bad movie, and despite all the sex and savagery on display; It's not even a fun watch, and that's really unforgivable. The film really does not have much plot, but the fine piece that is given to us involves a young woman, who also happens to dream that she is a werewolf. She dreams of going out and meeting men, having sex with them and eventually killing them. Back in the real world, she falls in love, but her lover is dead and she goes out for revenge ... <br /> <br /> The film is composed of sex and blood scenes, which are filled with sequences of speaks extremely dull in which various characters reflect on recent events. These scenes are probably there to direct the plot and build characters; but they really do not do that, and can only turn what could have been a playable exploration prank into an extremely astounding film. It seems the director was more interested in style and atmosphere than in the plot, and this is demonstrated by the fact that the film looks and sounds cool. The sex scenes are often long and little erotic, but the blood works well. The premise is ripe to give way to a very sexy slice of exploration, since there are many naked women, and the fact that the central character has a werewolf origin means that there can be very erotic; but this is not capitalized, and while I can tolerate huge doses of bad acting and badly made plots, I really can not stand watching movies and getting bored. Overall, I would not recommend this movie to large exploration fans. There's a lot better than that out there, and while the title may sound intriguing - the film is not.
