"The Mannara Loupe" aka. 1976's "Werewolf Woman" is a film with a highly promising title, but unfortunately the film itself is far from an obligatory stop for my fellow Italian horror fans. You will not hear me say that Rino Di Silvestri's film is totally bad - it has its elegant moments, and the first half is really fun to watch (although the fun is not intentional). The film also benefits from an exceptionally exhibitionist actress, Annik Borel. However, the film, which has no real plot (at least non-linear), often makes no sense, and creeps incredibly throughout the supposedly superfluous second semester. <br /> Daniella (Annik Borel) has strange dreams of a naked dance the night before turning into a Werewolf Woman. Since she was raped as a girl, Daniella is afraid of men. Then when her sister (cult siren Dagmar Lassander) comes to visit her husband, Daniella suddenly feels attracted to her husband and then turns into a Werewolf Woman in person ... or something. The plot really does not make the slightest sense, which makes the movie a lot of fun to watch during the first half. The protagonist Daniella is a schizophrenic mix of hysterical and lustful nymphomaniac, who occasionally turns into a werewolf woman. Director Di Silvestri has chosen to compensate the plot holes with a lot of feminine nudity, which works well for me. There are also some bloody moments well done. The movie is never at all suspenseful or scary, but it's a lot of fun in the beginning. Also, there are no attempts to hide that this is a fissure, the camera usually closes in the private parts of Miss Borel for her simple trick. I'm not complaining. So, for some reason, Di Silvestri chose to make the film longer, completely changing the direction in which it was going. While Daniella is, at first, a typical werewolf, who can not help but follow the urges of her curse, it suddenly changes when she meets a guy (Howard Ross, who was in Fernando Di Leo's "Il Boss" 1973). Suddenly, it returns to normal again, and the subsequent part of the movie does not enter the first half at all. It gets very annoying after a while; Considering everything, it would probably have been better for this 99-minute movie to be only 70 minutes long. In the end, they even want us to believe that the absurd story (if we can call it that) is based on real facts. "Werewolf Woman" has some redeeming qualities; my Italo-Horror fans can try. However, if you want to watch Italian Horror / Exploitation cinema of the 70s, there are hundreds of movies that you should see before you see this.
