I suppose the writers have never read a book of any kind, let alone a Dickens novel, and certainly not David Copperfield, and that they based their script on another poorly written script, possibly an adaptation of Copperfield, though as likely as anything . more of which they randomly discarded about a third of the pages and then shuffled the rest along with a few random pages of a script that someone's eighth-grade nephew had written for an English class and for which he had received a low grade. If the casting was a bad joke - for example, Richards like Kramer playing Micawber - which was then the direction and acting were the badly delivered jokes. Going beyond Kramer as Micawber, if possible, Ham was an ogre, a full hunchback and everything, that I was kind of hoping at some point to see him being chased by a raging pitch and a torch wielding a crowd of villagers. Uriah was almost a clown figure like Micawber. Mr. Murdstone evoked as much terror as that vampire Muppe from Sesame Street. The actor who plays David was, in my opinion, a woman. Anyway, looking perpetually as if he wanted to find a mirror to see how handsome he looked, and imagining that he looked quite handsome, he could hardly convince us that he was writing with a pen. And while we're on this subject, in one of the many gross inaccuracies perpetrated by the stupid producers of this embarrassment, in David's unnecessary takes writing his story, he seems to be somewhere between 18 and 21 when he must be in his forties . Perhaps the greatest transgression, though difficult to choose, was the confrontation invented between David and Murdstone when he courted a third wife in Switzerland, preceded, of course, by the fabricated death of Murdstone's second wife. While they were there, it's a wonder they did not send Heep to the guillotine, and they gave him the famous last words of Sidney Carton. It could not have made things worse. It could have been so much better. <br /> <br /> There are literally thousands of small and great sins against literature throughout this abortion of art, and anyone who assists it risks severe and permanent damage to all aspects of art. your sensitivity.
