"Boom" has earned a reputation. With the heavyweights Taylor, Burton, Noel Coward, Tennessee Williams and Joseph Losey, we might be tempted to think, how bad could it be? Well, it's much worse than you could imagine. <br /> <br /> The sad and disturbing fact of "Boom" is that it seems to signal the decline and fall of the above mentioned heavyweights. It was only director Joseph Losey who plummeted from the depths with "Modesty Blaise" and "Boom" (some may want to add "Secret Ceremony"), managed to recover and in 1970 created his best work, the wonderful "Go-Between." The saddest of all is the work of Tennesee Williams. From the mid-forties to the early sixties, Williams wrote a series of plays that gained classical status, remaining in the repertoire of theater around the world, many becoming highly acclaimed films. When William's muse abandoned him, probably due to his notorious substance abuse, he abandoned him forever. Williams at his best is an actor's dream, providing many unforgettable performances. (Ava Gardner or Deborah Kerr were better than in "Night of the Iguana"?) Taylor in particular shone on "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof" and "Suddenly Last Summer." There is an anecdote in which Taylor is supposed to ask John Gielgud if he would teach her to play Shakespeare, to which he replied "if you will teach me how to play Tennessee Williams." If Gielgud had seen "Boom," he would have held his tongue. Taylor simply has never been worse, turning it into an embarrassing inducing performance. Despite her face shooting well, she is decidedly fickle. In addition to the physical decline, she would henceforth lose credibility as a serious actress, with a series of completely forgettable (and worse) roles in her credit. The same could be said of Burton. After his short-lived theatrical stardom, he gained fame and fortune in Hollywood. But the body of his work from then on (1968) would be anything but noteworthy. Noel Coward had long since ceased to be a force in the theater, where his parlor comedies had been replaced by the theater. likes Williams and the British "angry youths." He seems to be having a good time camping, but he can barely have fun, that of the man who claimed such talent. <br /> <br /> The only cast member who maintains her dignity is young Joanna Shimkus, who in a few years would renounce a promising career to become Mrs. Sidney Poitier. <br /> <br /> "Boom" smells of self-indulgence; is simply out of control. A rather sad sign for the erroneous careers, rather than a camp festival, as some have suggested.
