London Dreams, directed by Vipul Shah, is a frustratingly silly movie about silly people. It is the kind of movie whose central conflict could be instantly solved if the characters in question simply sat and talked. Ajay Devgan plays Arjun, an aspiring pop artist obsessed with performing at a Wembley Stadium in London. He gets jealous of his best friend and bandmate Manu, played by Salman Khan, who is evidently more talented than him, but not nearly as focused or ambitious. Arjun decides to sabotage Manu when the latter's popularity threatens to overshadow his own. Now here is where a heart to heart could have helped. If Arjun had explained what this fixation at Wembley meant to him, Manu would have gracefully stepped back and let Arjun fulfill his childhood dream, and we would have been spared the agony of seeing the rest of this uninspired conversation. But the director Vipul Shah and his writers are not willing to do us any favors. London Dreams is full of hilarious unintentional jewelery, such as the story of Arjun's grandfather who committed suicide for the shame of being afraid of the stage at a crowded concert at Wembley. Or the ridiculous incident at a show where Manu must take on vocal responsibilities after an explosion of confetti practically stifles Arjun in silence. Idiocy, however, does not end there. In his attempts to publicly embarrass Manu, Arjun uses his connections to leave Manu addicted to drugs. A plump groupie encourages Manu to swallow a couple of doses of tequila, but replaces his salt with cocaine. Before you know it, Manu got an appetite for the addictive white powder, practically chewing it like dinner. If this is not silly enough, there is a rough scene later when Manu chases the said girl to find out who she is taking orders from. The chase ends in a dark alley in London, where the girl kneels pretending to do the unmentionable in order to fool Manu's girlfriend, who has secretly followed behind them. Wait, there's more! Expect to howl hysterically when Arjun takes off his belt and ruthlessly to banish all thoughts of romance or lust toward the band's main dancer, Priya (played by Asin), because nothing and no one should distract him from his musical goals. Generously inspired by Milos Forman's Amadeus to merit any comparison with Rock On !, released last year, Vipul Shah's latest is an awkward melodrama that is as loosely directed as scripted. The film has a broad mood, exaggerated emotions and basically chooses sonority with subtlety. This works for Manu's character, with Salman Khan interpreting it generously and kindly, but in Arjun's case, Ajay Devgan is very passive with a performance that is mainly internalized. When Arjun reaches boiling point, however, it results in an embarrassing pre-climax scene in which he lectures in a crowded concert hall and is understandably bombarded with plastic bottles as punishment. Of the remaining cast, there is not a kind word I can say to Asin, who practically lit up Ghajini with his effervescent charm, but is disappointed here with the unnecessary over-performance in an ungrateful role. Ranvijay Singh and Aditya Roy Kapur, reduced to mere helpers of the band, appear at regular intervals, usually to utter some futile dialogues like, "Let's shake man!" For his idiotic writing and sloppy direction, London Dreams is ultimately a tiresome watch. If you must, look at Salman Khan, who has become buffoonery in a genuine acting style. It's the only thing that will make you smile in this sad and sad movie.
