When this movie was first shown on television, I had high hopes that we would finally have a decent movie about World War I as experienced by American soldiers. Unfortunately that's not it. <br /> <br /> It should have been a good movie about the First World War. Even if it was made for television, it is obvious that a real effort was made to use appropriate equipment and accessories. But the writing and direction is missing a lot, even though the producers of this film obviously borrow freely from some well-made war films. Cliches of the war movie are plentiful, like the arrogant general who apparently does not care about the lives of his men. When will Hollywood realize that while there have been many bad generals, most combat unit generals have seen enough combat and are not they naïve about what the average grunt experiences? The first part of this movie seemed to be "Paths of Glory" with American uniforms. Except that "Paths of Glory" was emotionally thrilling. Later, there was Chamberlain's attack (except on the rise) of "Gettysburg" and even the capture of the American soldier by a group of enemy soldiers from "The Thin Red Line". But in "The Thin Red Line" the soldier was alone when captured. In this film, a ring forms around the new prisoner in the middle of a battle. <br /> <br /> If this movie used a military adviser, they would ignore it. Even though the actors (and I never managed to forget that they were actors while watching) expressed military tactics, I did not see much of it. The American soldiers would get up to be shot while the Germans attacked. And the infamous Storm Troopers, who were apparently blind, seemed to use no tactics in their attack. In the real war, the tactics were what made the assault troops so effective. But the silly scene was the attack of the German flamethrowers. In this scene, the German flamethrower operators traveled a wide line towards the American defenders. If this had been real, they would never have gotten close enough to use their flamethrowers before they were all knocked over by the bullets of the defender. <br /> <br /> Okay, so most wartime movies are unrealistic when it comes to the tactics shown. . But still disappointing. But what really discouraged me in this film was the typical anti-war anti-war that filmmakers seem to find important. It is true that war is hell. But most American soldiers, though grumbling and grumbling, tend to believe what they are doing and can be quite enthusiastic about it. My grandfather served in World War I, and although he died four years before I was born, I was told he was proud of his service.
