Movies starring children's actors stand in the back foot from the start. Although there are some exceptions, most children simply can not act and even those that can usually become irritating after a few minutes. The children in Paperhouse have managed to capture the worst of both worlds, as both are very annoying and do not have an acting ability between them. In short; they are rubbish. This is not good considering they are the leaders, and especially not good when you consider the fact that it is virtually impossible to take this movie seriously because of the bad actors. It's a pity that this movie is a loss as big as the plot is not (not completely). It follows a young woman who, after drawing a picture of a house in her notebook, wakes up in the fantasy world she created. Soon it becomes apparent to her that she can manipulate this world through her drawings, and thus begins to make several changes, until her dream eventually becomes a nightmare. Oh, darling. <br /> <br /> As you can see, this plot is a good basis for a good fantasy horror movie. However, it is wasted through several fatal flaws. First, although the premise is an excellent premise for much inventiveness; the film is extremely obsolete. The central plot is hardly touched, and the result is a totally boring experience. The lack of tension is another huge flaw in the film, so it's best to drag each sequence to a point where you just do not care anymore (which is due to lack of ideas). Thanks in part to the main characters, the movie looks like a children's movie. This is to be expected, since it is starring children, but Bernard Rose should have decided the inclination he wanted to put in the story; as the horror in the movie is laughable at best. The film is also very tacky, and the "romance" between the two protagonists is extremely deserving of embarrassment and contributes to a very painful view. In fact, if I had to sum up this farce in one word, I would choose "painful." Paperhouse is misrepresented, ridiculously plotted, very tacky and bland at all. Save yourself the pain, see something else.
