The Eternal Jew (Der Ewige Jude) does not have what we now call the marks of an academic document: instead of naming experts or sources to support what it says, it simply says, unopposed, whatever we believe will admit that American filmmakers of that period were also much less regulated than would seem ethical to a modern audience, often inserting dramatized scenes and passing them as images of actual news). Add to this targeted propaganda the fact that the filmmaker Hippler was "preaching to converts," not so much asking Gentile Europeans who hate Jews as validating the sentiments that many of them must have already accepted to have allowed the holocaust that followed. . The weaker link in the film's logic shows in his analogy with the "mouse," where he goes on to explain the behavior of rats, and adds something to the effect of "Well, the Jews are like that, too." Likewise, it characterizes the Jewish people as ugly, showing the ugly Jewish people compared to attractive Gentiles; the leap of faith that accompanies it is that the ugly is bad. The film seems to contradict itself sometimes, for example, by attacking Western painters portraying Old Testament characters as pale-skinned Europeans; thus, the text admits that the so-called "Hebrew" ethnicity is, in fact, an ingrained aspect of Christian culture. It also shows Jews in the ghetto willingly living in cockroach-infested dirt, despite the supposed treasure they have accumulated, and then shifting direction by saying that these same undesirables live in wealth and luxury as they leave the ghetto. Who would not? The use of scenes from a well-known American film, House of Rothschild, shows an equally blurred distribution of logic. First, the film is denounced as having been made by Jews; then it is apparently used by Hippler to verify the illusion of Jews (the pretense of poverty mentioned above by the Jews of the ghetto, shown as a means of avoiding taxation, although the "spin" of the Rothschild character is that the Jews are taxed excessively); finally, the Rothschild movie is again run for implying that the famous banking family invented the checking account. This apparent indecision about whether American footage is shown positively or negatively can become clearer with repeated visions, but at first glance it produces some gloomy scenes. For all the imperfections of the Jewish Eternals, I was initially surprised that the IMDb rating for this movie is as high as it is, only a "5" to date. I would say the reason is that the documentary value of EJ exceeded its original purpose by offering us, unintentionally, a glimpse into the lives of European Jews, as they would not be seen in a few years' time. It goes without saying that the badness of the film also provides a historical view of bad cinema, or simply evil, as a propagandist tool. About this time, I should expect Principal Hippler to come back one more time, saying, "That's what I intended to do all the time!" The scenes depicting the killing of animals are particularly gruesome and show themselves to be decidedly inhuman, contrary to the intention of Kosher law to prevent animal suffering. I would like someone who has seen the film, and has some knowledge of these procedures, comment on whether the picture is accurate.
