La Chute de la Maison Usher, or The Fall of the House of Usher as it is known among the English public, begins with Allan (Charles Lamy) heading for the Castle of his good friend Sir Roderick Usher (Jean Debucourt) who sent him a letter saying his wife Madeleine is sick. Once there Allan finds Madeleine very ill and her husband Roderick determined and almost obsessed to paint his portrait. While Roderick paints Madeleine becomes weaker and weaker, almost as if the image was taking her life, Allan tries to help his friend, but the tragedy soon hits ... <br /> <br /> This French production was co -written, produced & directed by Jean Epstein & was the second of two filming adaptations of the Fall of the House of Usher during 1928, I honestly do not know the original novel was published in 1839, I mean you expect 89 years for a filmed adaptation and two come together at the same time! Anyway, I feel like I have a little problem here, since I've read many positive comments on La Chute de la Maison Usher and maybe I'm not the right kind of person to write a comment about it, but I have to say that simply did not do anything for me. I obviously did not like the first thing to say is that this is a silent movie and therefore it depends on pictures, but even then I thought the story was weak, I thought as a whole that the movie was boring and boring, even though it only lasts about an hour and really did nothing for me. La Chute de la Maison Usher was made almost 80 years ago and that is literally a life, the world, cinema and tastes have changed a lot since then and I found no pleasure in this movie. I feel like this movie was really bad and probably not so good to start anyway. I never felt for any character, I never cared about anything that was happening and I found it all too tedious to sit, I'm sorry if I offended any dumb movie fan out there, but that's how I feel. <br /> <br /> Director Epstein does a good job, many people talk about the images in La Chute de la Maison Usher and I admit that it definitely has moments but I thought they were few and far between. . Shots from people's mouths moving and not really listening to what they say just seemed strange to me, I did not like the song and the version I saw kept the original insertion cards in French that were narrated by a guy with the most horrible accent French that was also off putting. Based on the story of Edgar Allen Poe, I doubt it bears any resemblance to it, except for one or two basic elements: stay with the fantastic Roger Corman House of Usher starring Vincent Price. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film was OK considering when it was done. You simply can not talk about acting like no one ever talks, although the film is full of exaggerated and unnatural movements to try to suggest emotions or reflect what is happening to some extent, but after a while it seems a bit silly. <br /> <La Maison Usher's La Chute will appeal to those who yearn for a bygone age, live in caves or are stuck in the past, for me I like my movies to have a story, not to boredom and to have sound And I'm sorry if that last statement makes me sound like an uneducated idiot, but that's how I feel. The world has changed since 1928 and for the better.
