Jean Seberg did not have any talent for acting. Like all her films, 'Bonjour tristesse' suffers nothing from her appearance (though she is perhaps the first of those modern women that Tom Wolfe happily describes as 'boobs with boys': advertisers, of course, use the word 'gamine') , but suffers seriously from the monotonous and monotonous voice of Seberg. In all of his films, when he had to play with rage, Seberg played with a coarse, distracted, panting audition in his monotonous voice. Oy. Preminger's adaptation of Françoise Sagan's novel fantasy storyline is notable only for its exuberant cinematography - but then this is hard to funk at the French Riviera photogenic, and perhaps for its appetite, but certainly not groundbreaking, black-and-white jobs for the current scenes from which Seberg's monotonous narration delivers us into the colorful past. <br /> <br /> Juliette Gréco has a brief moment, like a nightclub singer in the black and white searchlight, conveying in the smoky voice of Dietrichesque the sombre existentialist lyrics of the title song. This moment is today, in retrospect, more than a small drôle. Except, of course, if you are French - especially if you are a French "68-er" yearning for the glorious days of the barricades of the Sorbonne - and your children revolt to maintain the lifelong sinecures that have ruined and emasculated the French economy: then you still believe in Sartre and Foucault and in all these arcane and irrelevant theorists. <br /> David Niven has the most difficult role, having to play with enthusiasm an elderly hedonist who has not yet understood that life is not like that. All about Sagan teen notions about a hip, cool, swinging, "mon copain!" Dad. Deborah Kerr offers her usual, convincing professional presence by convincingly interpreting the woman who suffers undeserved jealousy from Seberg's rancid nose (fulfilling Sagan's superficial and adolescent fantasy about the classic theme of "there may be only one queen bee in the hive"); in fact, Kerr is the only great and memorable movie moment in this movie. <br /> <br /> Dialogue is not natural - I agree with an earlier critic who said that he looks "mistranslated" from French; combine the unnatural script with the incomparable monotonous monotone of Seberg and you can save Valium for another night. Above all, unpredictably synchronized post-production voice dubbing is almost entirely obvious and therefore much more than annoying: this is especially true for Mylène Demongeot's dubbing because it spoils her dumb blond performance. <br /> <Hunky Geoffrey Horne has the short end of the stick here - a very handsome young man who also suffered from a non-lovable and non-cinematic voice that, when combined with the drone of Seberg, produces unconvincing scenes of love to the puppies. (Horne was, we might say, merely adequate in 'Bridge On the River Kwai', perhaps because his end was sustained by those great film professionals William Holden and Jack Hawkins instead of not being supported by the repentant Seberg.) In short, 'Bonjour tristesse' is beautiful to look at, but it is superficial and immature soap: fine porridge with foam.
