It is obvious that people who made 'Dead At The Box Office' love the horror of B movies. References open to the genre are peppered, ranging from character figures (the authority figure who does not believe the monstrous invasion is actually happening) to the Kevin Smith-style discussions to re-enact Duane Jones's last moments of 'Night of the Living Dead' but twice. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, it takes more than love to make a good movie. <br /> <br /> Choice of test and shooting is uninteresting and unimaginative. While a common admonition at film school is to avoid the 'Mastershot Theater', telling the story completely in a great master shot, here we find the obverse as in several sequences it is difficult to discover the spatial relationships between the characters as the story is told in a series of medium shots, with no shot to tie him. The editing is monotonous and basic and sometimes there are demotivated cuts. The lighting is flat and sometimes muddy, making it difficult to understand the scenes in the darkened cinema (was there light or was this photo only available?). Some photos are blurred. The dialogue is banal, and the performances, for the most part, of a note (Isaiah Robinson shows a bit of energy and screen presence like Curtis, and the colleague who does the projectionist has nicely dick line readings; theatrical director and Casey Kirkpatrick as film enthusiast Eric has some good times). The premise is silly, even for a horror movie B (Also, it's a shame that Dr. Eisner was unaware of the Paperclip Project - he could have spared himself of many problems!). The zombies are not menacing, and their makeup is not convincing (though the sturdy zombie trying to get a chewing gum from the machine has raised a smile). For a zombie fan movie, there is very little blood or violence, although what is there is handled very well. Incidental music, though stylistically uneven, is sometimes pretty cool, and there are some good foley effects. The 'Time Warp' spoof was a lot of fun, though the pictures were less fun to watch. Unfortunately, the looping dialog sounds flat. This scene was not synchronized (dubious, it looks like a complete video)? I watched Lloyd Kaufman's special presentation of Troma Films before the main movie - although it consisted basically of Kaufman plugging his own stuff and admitting that he had not seen the movie while someone was assaulting a Toxie mask, their production and entertainment values ​​were higher that 'Dead ...' itself (fast for whoever puts the DVD together - the countdown on the movie leader beeps only on flash-frame 2, not every number plus one after). Incidentally, movie goers about vampires are seen watching early on 'Dead ...' it seemed a lot more fun than that. Recommendations to avoid, unless you know someone involved in the production or be a fervent conclutor of Lloyd Kaufman (he plays "Kaufman, the Minion" in the film within a movie). (Full disclosure: My girlfriend is an extra in this movie. I swear this did not color my comment.)
