An answer to previous comments made by residents of the region where the film was filmed: One person suggested that the closure and destruction of Ocean View Amusement Park led to a recession in neighboring neighborhoods. This is simply not true. Before the construction of Interstate 64, which skirts the Ocean View area, the main traffic route passed through the heart of Ocean View. Once the interstate was completed, Ocean View quickly became a ghost town with business closures and increased crime. This led to a huge revenue reduction for the park, which also faced new competition from neighboring Busch Gardens in Williamsburg. Meanwhile, in recent years, the city of Norfolk has done a remarkable job of redevelopment promotion, so that the area has become a sought after location for the construction of high standard housing. <br /> <br /> It was said that the destruction footage of the roller coaster was used in the movie "Rollercoaster". This is also false. Filming of two Russian cars was filmed, but the explosions and collapse are unique to the "Ocean View Death Park". <br /> <br /> As for the film itself, the plot of a "supernatural" force in the water adjacent to the park was certainly silly but a bit typical for the B movies of the time. With the cast involved, it should come as no surprise that the scene was gnawed in almost every scene by the main actors. I do not believe this movie was meant to be another "Citizen Kane"; I think Playboy was experimenting with a new non-naked format to determine if this was an area for the company to expand (apparently not!). A strange force in the water, causing strange events in an old amusement park, probably sounded good on the boardroom table, but it proved to be uncontrollable in execution. The roller coaster and the rest of the park were destined for the demolition ball; "Let's create a strange way of justifying an explosive death!" <br /> <br /> For the casual movie viewer, this would be a "once and for all" movie (with the exception of Diana Canova's fans); but for the thousands of people who live in the area and have fond memories of the park, this movie is like a "memory walk" for park footage, as well as old pictures of downtown Norfolk, the first "Harborfest", and Old Dominion University. Even a limited release of this DVD movie would be welcome.
