It is often said that Tobe Hooper was lucky with his horrifying 1974 film, The Electric Saw Massacre, and every time I see another Hooper movie, that view is only reinforced. It seems that Hooper wanted to make his own version of films like Scanners and Firestarter in 1990 and then we ended the Spontaneous Combustion; a movie with a couple of good ideas and a bigger load that is borrowed from other movies. Put it all together and you'll get a boring boring movie that most people would do well to lose! The film prompts the public to believe that it may be half decent initially with an intriguing story that focuses on some experiments conducted on two youngsters in the fifties. The couple has a child and soon after burns to death as a result of the experiments performed. Fast forward a few years and the baby is now an adult named Sam; but of course he is not a normal person and soon discovers when it is discovered that he has the ability to set things at ease. <br /> <br /> The film stars Brad Dourif, who must have seemed like a good choice for his success with Child's Play two years before; but in fact it was an uninspired decision, since the central performance is really terrible; and not helped by the terrible performances of support. The turgid direction and monotonous script also do not favor the film much, and the tendency to lack of favors continues by the special effects, which are very unrealistic and have nothing in the films that this film is stealing; all of which were made some years earlier. The plot is very slow and it's almost an hour before anything of note happens, and I do not care about it anyway. It soon becomes obvious which way the movie is going to come in and it all comes down to the kind of tedious ending you'd expect. The final showdown is a big disappointment and nothing is really explained during the movie. Not that any revelation was interesting anyway. Overall, this is a trash film and another reason why Tobe Hooper is far from being a great director of horror. See Firestarter again.
