Exercise Bizarre Tobe Hooper about an unfortunate young man (Brad Dourif) with the ability to burn people. This ability comes from parents who participated in atomic experiments in the 1950s. They die from spontaneous human combustion and it seems that what Sam is beginning to suffer derives from these pills his girlfriend, Lisa (Cynthia Bain) gives him to take rough migraines. In fact, Lisa was instructed to manipulate Sam to take the pills of Lew Orlander (William Prince), practically the father of the young man who raised him from a child. Lew has benevolent plans ... he sees Sam as the first "Atomic Man," a pure killing machine in human form. Sam never wanted this and will do whatever it takes to silence those responsible for his condition. As the film continues, Sam's blood is slowly growing toxic, green instead of red. It seems that the water and other substances that often extinguish the fire react just the opposite, when the uncontrollable explosions of Sam's flames ignite. Come to find out, Lisa has the condition of Sam, whose parents also die from SHC. Dr. Marsh (Jon Cypher), someone Sam has known for some time as his doctor, is inserting toxic green fluid into their bodies, I'm guessing to raise their flame levels. Nina (Melinda Dillon, sporting an accent that comes in and out) was a friend of Sam's parents and associated with the experiments of the 50's, who tries to talk about what is happening. And, Rachel (Dey Young) is the ex-wife of Sam who may be working against her ex-husband with Lew and Marsh to harm him and Lisa. <br /> <br /> A very strange horror movie, full of horrible things. effects. Dourif tries to bring a tragic element and intensity to his character, whose situation we continue to observe as his body slowly becomes toxic waste with fire, often firing from its orifices. There is a large hole in the fire-breathing arm like a volcano and a huge burn spot on the hand, which grows in size over time. The best scene is probably when director John Landis, who plays a rude electrical engineer trying to inform Sam to hang up, because the radio program he's calling sounded for the night, he becomes a SHC victim. The film never works because it is so unbalanced, with an abrupt and ridiculous ending, in which Sam offers to free Lisa from her fire, taking it from her.
