The title alone (along with the poster) is enough to reveal "The Projected Man" as an obvious stealing of "The Fly". And Bryant Haliday, though much better than the typical critic of IMDb would have thought, is not anyone's idea of ​​a stand-in acceptable to Vincent Price. Although, came to think of it, who would it be, unless Micheal Gough was available? Still, if you're in the mood to watch a British-style movie "Hammer" with a science fiction theme about a teleport experiment it's horribly wrong ... well, you still might want to give "The Man in the Dust" 'remaining' at your local Wal-Mart to another teleporter crash movie. Because this is not so good. <br /> <br /> Haliday got a lot of good humor from the MST3K crew for his part in this movie and in "Devil Doll", but he's really the best thing in the TPM. Maybe he can not take the movie, but he's barely getting help from the script. The script avoids any thrust the plot may have in a bunch of nonsense about funding and college politics and a fellow named Lembach and some sinister cabal who wants the teleportation machine to fail so they can steal their secrets ... or something like that . Thus, all the dramatic sequences of the first half of the film involve unconvincing phone calls or special effects with transparent espresso machines and teleported mice. So when poor Haliday is mutilated by his machine, he has to spend the last part of the film wearing a diaper over half of his face and rubber cement over the rest while he electrocutes several Londoners who cross his path. Tom Cruise and Eric Roberts using megaphones could not have made this script work. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, all the other actors diligently try to inject life and interest into their roles for this little project, but the script swallows up all their efforts. The corrupt project manager gets annoyed and squeaks and whispers on the phone to his blackmailers, all the while not realizing that he looks like a werewolf equipped with a tweed suit and a Tattersall vest. Haliday's research assistant and ex-girlfriend has the least convincing novel in the history of British horror films. Her secretary is forced to parade in her "little ones." None of this works or it turns into a real movie. And all this kind of stops, leaving the viewer: "Excuse me, should not there be a ENDING here?" Still, despite all its problems, I can easily cite a dozen horror movies of the same period that were so bad or worse, and so could anyone who watched the movies has already flipped IMDb "Bottom 100"). I really would not pay money to have "Projected Man," but if it were included in some compilation along with a dozen other movies in a DVD collection, I'd probably feel good about having it. It's a harmless detour, perfect for a horror movie festival, to watch with friends while consuming lots of beers and snacks on a Saturday night.
