Posh Spice Victoria Beckham and her alleged new adventures after moving to Los Angeles for work purposes (soccer player David is now a Galaxy LA player after his transfer from Real Madrid) would originally be a complete series, but fortunately abbreviated to just an hour or so. But even this way, it is still endlessly paralyzing. <br /> <br /> Like virtually every reality reality show, most of the incident appears as blatantly fake, with the program itself admitting that Posh's newly-appointed personal assistant is an actress. A Ugly-Betty look-alike, we've heard a few little pranks played early on (with an obvious joke about Becks's apparent flirtation with an earlier and more glamorous PA, Rebecca Loos, though her name is not mentioned) with other sequences involving a fake doll to fool the paparazzi and desperate attempts to throw a baseball. <br /> <br /> This could have been more fun if everyone had recognized that it was a piece of fluff and had an act Ronni Ancona would have been perfect and it would be better to be Posh than Posh, and if that more sensible decision had been outlet, much more fun and fun would have happened. we get the real thing here (Ancona may have rejected the script as very weak anyway), and although there are scattered attempts at self-deprecation and irony, it never remotely works because of previous information of the considerable wealth of The Beckham previously. and her lack of ability to make jokes, despite the intentions of sending her image, Mrs. Beckham seems a superficial egotist, and her weaknesses do not convince us that she has a good-natured self-consciousness. I suspect that if a more realistic documentary approach had been adopted, namely Posh walking on any street in Los Angeles and being totally ignored (instead of the frenzied and staged scenes of moderate hysteria exposed here), and associates making unwritten jokes about Th E previously mentioned Ms. Loos, this would have made marginally better TV, but being flattering PR material, the bone itself would never allow such events to happen. That said, the later scenes in which she made a special appearance at the baseball stadium where she was indifferently presented to a disinterested audience, and it will be difficult if she wants to succeed in Hollywood. His colleague Scary Spice (also known as Mel Brown) also found it impossible to make him a big resident in the film's capital, despite his (unfinished) affair with the big name Eddie Murphy. The Spice Girls were, of course, a huge pop hit in the mid-1990s, even more so in their native England, but still popular briefly in other countries, including the US. They were certainly good fun in their heyday of glory (1997) when there seemed to be a glorious period of optimism in the UK with Cool Britannia and a new Labor government. which the Spice Girls seem to sum up better than anyone else at the time, even if it was a little manufactured. But they were never excellent musical talents or singers, and the optimism of the UK seemed to fade away later that year (the point of departure was the Princess's tragic death) Diana, as well as The Spices themselves. His presence in the music and entertainment scene soon became repetitive and obvious, and if everyone had permanently withdrew from the audience with dignity to enjoy their fortunes, then we would all have pleasant memories encrypted in our minds without any fault. Unfortunately, the emergence of the hideous culture of 'celebrity' in the UK at the beginning of the millennium has put to those imaginary, and we have all suffered thousands, if not millions of stories about Spices since then, Posh being the worst offender, with the rest of his colleagues not far behind. It was recently announced that there will be a reunion tour soon, which is disconcerting as they have never been gone and they certainly do not require any addition to their swollen bank accounts. Maybe it's because two of them are struggling with single mothers, maybe? <br /> <br /> Well, it's early for the adventures of Becks in a revealing documentary then I can not wait ............. Rating : 2 out of 10.
