I usually love everything that the great Paul Naschy has ever been. Although not all the films starring Naschy are great, they all have a specific charm that can not be found anywhere except in the Naschy movies, and they are always fun. There is no rule without exception, however, as "The Marshal Of Hell" aka. "The Devil's Possessed" (1974) proves. While the film has the charm of "Naschy-flick", it creeps a lot and gets really dull. Naschy stars as the evil Baron Gilles De Lancré, who oppresses the people and uses black magic and bloody rituals to stay in power. When Gaston de Malebranche (Guillermo Bredeston), who fought alongside Gilles De Lancre against the English, learns about the baron's bad behavior, decides to turn against his former comrade-in-arms and help people free themselves from the tyranny of the Satanic Baron. ... Directed by León Klimovsky, who is best known for directing Naschy in "La Noche De Walpurgis" ("The Werewolf Vs. The Vampire Woman", 1971), the film was scripted by Naschy himself. Naschy often wrote his own films, and it must be said that he did a better and more original work than is the case here. "El Mariscal Del Infierno" is built primarily as a historical adventure rather than a horror movie, and gets quite boring in the middle. It often resembles the Sword and Sandal films of the 50's, but this film is set in medieval times. The Satanic part was probably only added because the name of the great Paul Naschy is linked to the genre Horror. The film has its good parts: Paul Naschy giving strange speeches, Paul Naschy looking strange, Paul Naschy doing satanic things, Paul Naschy torturing innocent victims, etc. But unfortunately, most of the film focuses on the boring hero and the good guys, and those moments are boring. Female cast members are good to see, but unlike most of Naschy's films, Naschy has no nudity or nudity. There are some gore but mostly looks clunky and it is not as fun to watch as is the case with most of the other Naschy movies. Overall, "El Mariscal Del Infierno" is only worth looking for my fellow Naschy enthusiasts. There are dozens of films starring the Spanish Horror deity that should be seen before this, such as "El Huero de Morgue" ("The Hunchback of the Morgue", 1973), "The Orgy of the Dead." ("Panic Beats", 1983), "Rojo Sangre" (2004), or any other type of film, of the werewolf movies "Waldemar Daninsky." REST IN PEACE Paul Naschy Legends never die!
