It is quite clear that the director and the production team decided to paint a less than flattering image of the Palestinian girl and her family. The film and her site try to suggest that Ayat has a secret reason to blow herself up and Rachel - a boyfriend problem - maybe pregnancy. In short, the fact that Ayat had only witnessed the death of a close friend in the hands of the Israelis - outside his home. Wow, then why on earth would a pretty, smart, young girl with college plans do such a thing? Did the emotional and hormonal teenager get traumatized when she saw someone who loved to die before their eyes? This detail deserves every 5 seconds in the film. Another detail carefully avoided is that Avigail Levy, Rachels' mother, could have prevented the destruction of the building in which the Akhras family lived (along with 22 other families). Of course she gets the impression that she is offering this as a "concession" - if Mrs. Akhras agreed to talk to her "why should I?" she says (since the movie was made the house was destroyed - apparently the interview did not result in what she wanted - so bring the tractors) Levy stated that "she wanted the movie to be cathartic as well as a symbol of hope, a chance to transcend entrenched hatreds" - instead she uses it as an excuse to harangu Mother Ayats, swaying the house like a carrot. Also, while the two women live only 4 miles away, she is so out of touch with the Realities of Occupation for her Palestinian neighbors that she really thinks that Mrs. Akhras can just go for a cup of coffee? Please. And she gives up a chance that she had to meet Mrs. Akhras in person and see what kind of life (the Akras family originally came from Jaffa, but now lives squeezed in a refugee camp just four miles from where the Levys live in a comparative luxury.Any sympathy I would have for good obviously to make Mrs. Levy be dissolved by her self-righteous bitch air.On the contrary, Ayats mother is kind, frank and loving despite the best efforts of the team even the music and sound design were unilateral - I think the muezzin sings every day every 6 km from the Levy family home, always in a distinctly contrasting key of the melosa new age music that gives that excuse for a documentary.There is also the little question of translations - Mrs. Levy DIRECTLY addresses the camera in English when she has something worked to say ahead of time, Hebrew when she does not. Akhras f spoke only the Arab, who sometimes received a TRANSLATION, sometimes TRANSLITERATION, always clumsy and very suspicious for a supposedly objective film. They also "sweated" under the lights, while Mrs. Levy sat comfortably (air-conditioned). editing for segments of Mrs. Akhras as well. I gave him a 2 because he liked Ayats's mother and father, who seemed to be good decent people. Shame on HBO, producers and director, for releasing such a stinking bomb.
