Welcome to our city, welcome to your city? As we are introduced to the worlds of its 1901 American inhabitants, this three-act play opens before us with the help of "The Stage Manager," a visual narrator if you will. After their initial introductions, we are taken to the homes of two particular families; The Webb and the Gibbs. <br /> <br /> Definitely, this is Central America at the turn of the century, and the progressive way of life of the American Dream and its sacrificial implications that may seem a bit biased in this dream. City. Here we see the daily life of some of its 2642 inhabitants of Grover's Corners in New Hampshire, even though there are also Polish migrant workers who add another 500 to their numbers, they can never take a look. <BR> Once the daily life of these families has been introduced; cooking wives, working children at home, working parents, children falling in love and clean fences painted white, the second act is started three years later, after young George (a young and unrecognizable William Holden, then 22) and Emily . They fell in love and intend to get married. Agapornis in bloom reaching for the stars and reaching, too, a turning point in their own lives, from the nest they lived and now, to the anguish and afflictions of adult youth, they nervously stepped on. The third act is a little sour and a bad omen, it is in this act that the intentions of the cinema become apparent, here we do not see life, nor celebration, but death, and it is in this situation that the dead, when they return to revisit and to reconcile his own past life, is here to remind us, to tell us, that life, and every last minute, every precious breath should not be wasted and wasted. <br /> <br /> It is in this last third that the very political stance of the cinema also seems more evident, feeling more propaganda propaganda about the moral lectures and the middle America and how it should run his house and how to put it in order. It is not just "Our" city, it is a moral diction aimed at "our" souls and how America can improve itself if its peoples (excluding the Poles, the Irish, the Native Americans and the ethnic minorities libertas). and minorities in general, plus the support backbone of Americans who have not, however, played a fair part in this narrative), as the middle classes can match the expectations of the American dream through an honest and decent life. Suppliers of the American Dream only with special invitation. <br /> <br /> I was also entertained slightly by this film, but felt that its narrative had a stronger impact than anything else that had participated of it, although soft acting, the musical score or how well , or not, was done. That was the movie's intention to exclude other groups, and include only the likes of the Webbs and Gibbs, in the future of the US developing country, a good movie, but also a bit biased in its posture, I thought. <br /> <br /> From Thornton Wilder's (1897 - 1975) play, the Pulitzer Prize-winning play and six Oscar-nominated films, was the focal point of the perpetual motion of life and its three main attributes ; Life, love and death, the translation of the pieces into the celluloid appears as a slight summary of the social consciousness. Our city begins with what seems like a lesson in uselessness, like other cities, nothing very exciting happens here, if anything, this city just has the "right kind of people", you can still leave your back door unlocked here, we are seeing the developing lives of these two families, but it is their moral and social posture that is more important than themselves. Our city may have been "Any Town" as long as you have come from the right side of the city.
