I got the Time Changer because it sounded like a good time travel movie and I was in the mood for something like that. The description said it had something to do with some biblical things and time travel, but I did not expect a fundamentalist Christian movie! <br /> <br /> The film had decent special effects and an interesting premise that could have gone places and was far more interesting than it ended up being. Our hero, a biblical teacher of the 1890s, eventually travels to the 2000s and discovers that modern life is filled with the influences of evil - Jesus is nowhere to be found. This wonderful technological feat is accomplished with the help of a fellow bible teacher who somehow managed to invent a functional time machine in the HG-Wells style. The film begins to lose some credibility right now, which is unfortunate, because it happens very early in the movie. Earlier (or perhaps soon after, he does not remember for sure), our hero-teacher was seen teaching what appeared to be a science class, stating that scientific discoveries could only be considered validated if they matched what the Bible says. What should be obvious to anyone is that this is clearly not the scientific method but is presented in such a way that filmmakers seem to prefer the view that science is only useful if it supports their claims and is not useful. <br /> <br /> In any case, this belief is perfectly valid and sensitive in the context of the character at the time. So if we accept this as the fact of life for these Bible teachers, then obviously the teacher who invented the time machine is not a very strong believer because I do not think there is any evidence (and none was offered) for physics of time travel in the Bible. So, immediately there is a problem with confusing messages and credibility, but it does not matter ... <br /> <br /> After the teacher is convinced to make the leap into the future, the shock of modern technology was handled very well in most of the time. cases. It was also fun not to have him stuck to an exact year (as the character is reading the date of a newspaper for himself, a car horn and this scares him not to end the date: it's only two thousand and ... * honk *) Some of the shocks were a bit too long. For example, the car was one of the first things he found when he arrived and about two days later he was invited to a movie night at the church and took a ride in a van. He stuck his head out the window like a dog can, is scared of the headlights and the starting engine, etc. That seemed a little off since he'd been there for a few days by now and the town seemed to be quite busy with traffic. Either way, it's easy to ignore that. The rest of the tech shock was well done - especially his first encounter with the TV, which was postponed because he did not even notice what it was until he saw a child watching one and using a remote control. Sadly, our hero predictably begins to preach to virtually everyone he encounters as if he were an authority throughout life and religion just because he is from the past and is an elder. Eventually he gets a brief moment in the spotlight of the church he was visiting, where he goes on to explain his concept of Christianity to them in a long monologue that should be moving and insightful, but most were just more of the same. Some church husbands begin to have a funny feeling about this guy and will investigate his name. They eventually conclude that he is either a time traveler or has been passing this long dead teacher and decides to find out what it is. The film frames these guys as non-believers for being skeptical. <br /> <br /> Shortly before the teacher returns to his own time, he is confronted by those two men. In an effort to avoid being trapped or dragged away, he eventually enters into an almost insane speech about how Jesus is coming soon and that he is a prophet so they should listen to him. Just in time, he is taken away and one of the husbands wonders if perhaps this is the rapture he has heard so much. The irony is that this essentially means that the teacher became self-proclaimed (and probably false) prophet claiming to know that the rapture was near and he was sent by God when truly sent by his fellow Bible teacher and had no knowledge given by God (which was stated or even hinted at). Revelation states that the end time is only for God to know and at the end of the film we see the inventor trying (and failing) to send a bible into the future. First 2080, then 2070, etc., when the scene disappears. Clearly, he's trying to determine the exact date of the end of time - what he should not know! Essentially, the whole premise of the film is nullified because being so insistent on their religious beliefs and how certain things are for God to know only, it means that there could not be a time machine in the first place, because then humanity could discover something that only God should know! The premise of the entire movie collapses and makes the whole thing basically worthless, since it weakens its own credibility in the end.
