One of the most "literate" Lone Stars, with time spent on character development and interaction, dialogue and acting business. The opening scene sets the stage (literally) for the personalities of the player, Kansas Charlie (Eddy Chandler), and his friend, John Scott (John Wayne), the dodge star (both say they are slightly). Randy The Movie follows their adventures as they try to overcome each other in the pursuit of the Mexican Juanita, and later in their quest for the perverted Mary Kornman, who has the inevitable evil brother (though he has been sidetracked by the true villain, and wants to repent ). And, of course, they are being unfairly charged with two crimes and must serve a prison sentence before escaping and being exonerated at the end. <br /> <br /> The high point is Scott continually and deliberately looking at Mary's butt. his grocery store, and knocking down the ladder on which he stands so he can pick her up and grab her as she falls. Everything looks a bit contemporary for a 1930s western, but it sounds better than it really is. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the exciting elements of action that we find in many other Solitary Stars are very absent here. Not Yakima Canutt. Cheap and bad filming uses of knights falling horses. Not George Hayes. Tedious Stooge-like bi-play between Scott and Charlie, with Charlie swinging Scott, Scott stepping on his foot and then punching him (repeated twice more!). The skillful Paul Fix is ​​underused. Eddy Chandler himself, here on his big star turn, is not really believable as a randy side kick. The villain seems old and too fat. The same goes for Chandler, who spent his later career in over 300 films as a meatless meatloaf. Mary Kornman, the 20's "Our Gang" (see Mary, Queen of Tots 1925) is cute in her scenes with John Wayne, but that's about it for this one. Seeds of a better Western lie buried here. <br /> <br /> The ultra-short color version, which looks good, moves so fast that it ends if you blink more than once. Fortunately, the embarrassing scenes with Eddy Chandler were cut.
