Before I explain the "Alias" comment, let me say that "The Desert Trail" is bad even by the westerns standards that face The Three Stooges. In fact, features Carmen Laroux as a semi-final girl Juanita, when you hear her Mexican accent, you will immediately recognize her as Senorita Rita, from the classic Stooge short "Saved by the Belle." In "The Desert Trail", John Wayne begins to play the character of Moe Howard and Eddy Chandler begins to play Curly Howard. Like his Stooge colleagues, a joke in the 53-minute movie is Moe hitting Curly. Wayne's character, a bully chasing skirt, is not very affectionate, but he's supposed to be the good guy. In a rodeo rodeo, Wayne holds the rodeo box office at gunpoint and gets the cash prize he would have if the turnout had been good - other competitors would have to be content with 25 cents. dollar (in fact, even less after Wayne steals the box office). No explanation is given to Wayne pulling out the knights and still being considered the hero who receives the girl. <br /> <br /> Things get complicated right now because the villain (Al Ferguson) and his sidekick Larry Fine (played by Paul Fix - who would play Sheriff Micah on television "The Rifleman") see Wayne steal the box office and then steal the rest of the money and kill the rodeo manager. Moe and Curly are guilty. <br /> <br /> So, Moe and Curly move to another city to escape the law and change their names to Smith and Jones. Who they first meet, but their old friend Larry, whose sister becomes the second half of love interest (Senorita Rita is left behind in the old town and no longer makes appearances in the film). Larry's sister is very well played by Mary Kornman, radiant and beautiful (now grown up, but in her youth she was one of the original cast members of Hal Roach's "Our Gang" short films) . Kornman is the main reason to watch the mega-lame western and his scenes with Moe and Curly are far better than any in the production, as if they used a totally different team to film them. <br /> <br /> Even for 1935, the action sequences in this thing are extremely weak and the technical production is incredibly bad. The two main chase scenes end with large footage of a knight falling off a horse. In both times the editor cuts to a shot of one of the characters rolling on the floor, but there is no horse in the frame, the film is completely different, and the character wears different clothes than the stuntman. There is liberal use of footage elsewhere, and not even remotely convincing. One thing to watch is a scene in the middle of the movie where Moe and Curly take their horses and walk away (to the right) from a booth while the platoon is galloping toward the left cabin . . The cameraman follows the two stooges with a slow pan to the right and then makes a whip pan to the left to reveal the approaching group. Out of home movies, I've never seen anything like it, not because it sounds stupid (what happens), but because a competent director would never stage a scene like that. They filmed the two pilots leaving and then repositioned the camera and filmed the approaching team as a separate action. Or, if they felt creative, they would stage the sequence so that the camera showed the riders in the foreground and the team approaching the background. <br /> <br /> So again, what do I know? I'm just a kid.
