This old western John Wayne Lone Star has a little more success than what Wayne had been doing for the Lone Star until that time. On the one hand, there is his old friend Paul Fix in it; Correct, being a far better actor than the standard Lone Star villain, brings a much needed professionalism to the environment rather than the usual hesitant line readings that are often given in those places. The plot, about misidentified identity, payroll theft and murder, is as banal and superficial as you would expect it to be in a 1930s low budget western, but Wayne's good-looking, laid-back charm and way with a line go a long way to make this more enjoyable. Eddy Chandler, rude and bald, is not very convincing as Wayne's womanizing "partner," and there's a joke about something that happens whenever Chandler and Wayne are about to get into a fight that becomes tiresome. On the other hand, Wayne's love interest is interpreted by none other than Mary Kornman, the little Mary of the old fame of Little Rascals. She's a 20-year-old now, blonde and cute as a button. Most of Wayne's main ladies in these Lone Star / Monogram "B's" were rather dull and colorless, but Mary is cheerful, cute and, yes, sexy. There is a scene in the general store where she works, in which Wayne asks her to get a bottle of "nervous tonic", which happens to be on the top shelf, so she has to take a ladder and climb to the top. bookcase. Wayne is watching her little ass when she climbs the steps, then again when she goes down, then again a little later when he asks her to come up and get another bottle is surprisingly cheeky for a movie made in 1935. Wayne does not try to hide the fact that he is definitely checking his ass. Anyway, it's an interesting "B", not great, but not as random as many of his LoneStar productions of the time. The final shootout is not treated so well, and Chandler gets a little annoying after a while, but after all, it's worth taking a look, at least to see a beautiful and sexy Mary Kornman.
