When Marlene Dietrich was labeled box-office poison in 1938, one of the few so-called actresses in the papers were films like The Garden of Allah. How a movie could be so incredibly beautiful to see and be so insanely boring is beyond me. Also as Marlene if she was trying to expand her reach and not play a sexpot got stuck with such an outdated story is beyond me. The Garden of Allah, one of the earliest modern technicolor films, was a novel set at the turn of the century by Robert Hitchens, who then collaborated on a piece adaptation with Mary Anderson, who had 241 performances in 1911-12. Then he received two silent screen adaptations. The story is about a monk fleeing the monastery in French Tunisia to see a little of what he misses in the world. He encounters a similarly protected woman who was single and spent her early years caring for a sick father. She is traveling now in the desert and the two meet on a train. <br /> <br /> The woman is, of course, Marlene and the fugitive monk is Charles Boyer. I'm not sure what was in the mind of David O. Selznick in filming this story. Someone like Ingrid Bergman might have made it acceptable to the public. But you can bet the 1936 film audience when they put their money down for a pass they hoped to see Marlene as a modern day Salome rather than a saint with that title. The public still remembered Rudolph Valentino and you can bet it was some desert romance and seduction they were expecting. <br /> <br /> As for the monks, you have to remember that they are self-sufficient in their monasteries and this particular one bottles a special wine of which Boyer is the only one with the secret. The monastery will have to rethink its economy if Boyer leaves. The monks are a truly pious group, but of the chief Charles Waldron, they have the right to care a bit about some self-interest. <br /> <br /> Anyway, a lot of religious buzzwords are said here. for a couple of leads that really are not suitable for the parts. More especially Marlene Dietrich. I watched this movie with an eye for the desert's special cinematography of colors and forgot the plot.
