I really really wanted to like Julian Po. I think Slater is underestimated as an actor, and that many of the supporting players here are better than they have a chance to demonstrate in this movie. I realize that this is based on a tale I did not read. So, I do not know if what I see as flaws in the movie originated from the story, or whether it was imposed by the director / screenwriter. The premise is wonderful, and I loved the confessing tone that the initial narration impresses. But then ...? Anything! Several of the local characters cliches ask Julian to explain his intent to commit suicide. One could argue that he does not respond because it is none of his business. But Julian is the one who, under only a symbolic pressure, let his intentions out in public. So neither Julian nor the director / writer, despite the fact that the Julian character is keeping a diary on tape for the love of God, seem inclined to provide anything beyond the meager initial information about Julian's life. He says he was an accountant. He says his family moved in when he was a child due to his father's work. And? There are various interactions with locals that seem designed to illuminate Julian's purpose. But none of them are going anywhere, because Julian seems to regard all these doped locations as if they were aliens from another planet, as if he were the last (and only) sensible among them. This may work as an allegory if Julian Po had any defining feature or anything approaching wisdom to convey. The closest he gets of revealing something about himself is in the scene in which he intentionally humiliates the naive and religious wife of the mechanic. And what this scene reveals is nothing to inspire empathy for Julian. I can only see the Julian character - as presented - as selfish, stingy and totally condescending. It sort of fits with the director's attitude of this invented and half-cooked movie. And poor Michael Parks, an actor who's been so promising, gets nothing to work on here.
