After seeing the movie, I was really shocked to see such a high rating on IMDb. "The Fantastic Mr. Fox" is an adaptation of a children's classic, portraying the story of the smooth Fox protagonist (or "Foxy") when he tries a "last" assault to steal the dreaded Boggins, Bunce and Bean. That's right, a short, a fat, a skinny, or whatever. <br /> <br /> I'm not sure where to begin with my criticism. Well, in late adolescence, I've never been a fan of Roald Dahl, but I really like his stuff, having read some of his books as a kid and seen Matilda, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory again and again. This film, however, fights for an audience. Is it intended for children? Adults? I'm not sure yet! Many of the 'jokes' would have a child, especially when Mr. Fox visits a lawyer, for example, or complains about being poor. In addition, it is expected that a children's audience (I am assuming) sympathize with a character who steals and kills chickens. I'm all for the food chain, but you practically see Mr. Fox biting their necks! Surely this is a little too much? And also, the plot ... well, it's kind of boring. I was just hoping to get better, but instead I became increasingly angry with Mr. Fox and his son Ash for making stupid decisions. <br /> <br /> Humor, meanwhile, falls flat. I laughed only once or twice, even acknowledging jokes. I think part of that is that the dubbing is incredibly flat and monotonous. The voice actors have no sense of comic timing; instead, they look for the subtlety of humor that only works with certain mediums. George Clooney intends to portray Mr. Fox as charming and elegant, but his voice has no character. Meryl Streep does not show any emotion, I did not even realize Bill Murray had a part until the final credits, and Ash, twelve years old in fox years, looks like he's about 30 years old. <br /> <br /> I love animation, particularly stop the movement, but the visual style really scared me a little. Characters are tall, thin and without any design heat. They move with very little fluidity and often the animation is uneven and strange. There is also a distinct sense of "mixed media" as 2D components are added sporadically and unsuccessfully. The characters look directly at the camera and talk; It was very strange. There were one or two moments when Kylie looked directly at the camera, did not move and had swirls in her eyes. That really scared me. <br /> <br /> Fantastic Mr. Fox had a lot of potential. Many people still seem to like it - see the comments. Maybe it was not just for me.
