Do you know all those letters to "Santa Claus" and "Jesus" that are sent each year? Well, it turns out that they are not actually delivered, but left in a half-forgotten corner of the post office to rot unless some bright spark discovers a way to publish them. As bizarre settings, it is a winner and one that fits perfectly into the strange movie that is "Dead Letter Office". That being said, this is obviously an Australian movie as opposed to a British movie. If it were the Royal Mail, most letters receive this kind of treatment anyway. I have not been in this apartment for two years and we are still getting letters to a Mr. Wang, a Latter-day Priestess I've never heard of and several catalogs for industrial equipment. for a plumbing company. "Dead Letter Office" follows the story of Alice (Miranda Otto), who grows up in a seriously divided house. Writing to her absent father, she only learns in adulthood that her letters were not delivered for one reason or another. So logically, she gets a job at D.L.O. and finds himself working alongside other social outcasts, including the Chilean immigrant Frank Lopez. Slowly, she finds herself attracted to him, but can she find out where her father is without putting the independent world of the Dead Letters Office on her knees? <br /> <br /> Nothing against this movie, but I remembered the horrible Heather Graham movie "Committed" while watching it. However, this is much better than that pile of bullshit, but again, this is not difficult. To begin with, this film is much more logical. It is true that the metaphors are a little glaring and the overflowing symbolism quickly becomes a deluge. But at least this is cohesive and peculiar, without being complete. It is also well represented. Both Otto and Del Hoyo are very good, as lovers look for something they know they will never find, while other characters are peripheral at best. Part of the problem is that it seems to become very fast, leaving this viewer a bit disappointed. The other part is that when you consider Australia's draconian immigration policy (ie, if you do not speak English, disassemble!), Such a story is unlikely to happen in reality. The other characters, unfortunately, also help destabilize realism, proving to be little more than strange stereotypes. <br /> <br /> Despite this, "Office of Dead Letters" is certainly something a little different. It may not be everyone's taste, but I liked it. Yes, it was banal and predictable, but sometimes it's good to watch a movie without guns, violence, swearing and nudity (there's no chance in an Australian movie). There are no big laughs, there is no Bullet Time and the characters are usually one-dimensional. But it's the story that counts here, and though it's not so impressive in its magnificence, it's a pretty nice way to pass the time. It's the cinematic equivalent of a Sheryl Crow CD - good to hear from time to time, but you really would not miss it if you were not there.
