Cassavetes was clearly an intelligent and sensitive man with bold new ideas about making movies. He wanted to be an author, break the boundaries of the system and bring a new realism to American cinema. For this, I applaud him. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, as a member of your audience, I can not applaud A Woman Under the Influence. Cassavetes took what could have been a fascinating topic (an insane woman) and somehow managed to create a bland movie, full of long and improvised extravagant scenes. He seems to have had a knack for capturing the dullest moments in a person's life in the film, and it often seems like he simply turned the camera around in his family and let the engine run and run. Such a tactic would be acceptable if Cassavetes captured something devastatingly REAL - or even a nucleus of something so real that it touched the heart in a way that conventional film could not. However, I found the performances, particularly those of Rowlands, artificial. I never believed for a moment that she was really insane. I met people who are truly mentally disturbed, but I've never seen any of them act like Gena Rowlands in A Woman Under Influence. She played like a very inhibited and uninhibited woman who drinks a lot, and even that was confusing because we only see her drinking once (at first), but she gets drunk for the rest of the movie. There are times when it touches something real, but those moments are few and far between; she can not sustain a mentally disturbed character. Once again, I applaud your efforts, but the effort alone is not enough to make the performance look true. <br /> <br /> Rookie audiences who go through this film and see their high ratings will undoubtedly feel compelled to love it. classify it highly, only to prove that they 'understand'. But do not be brainwashed by the judge - judge himself. You do not have to pretend to like it. Like Woody Allen, John Cassavetes could be accused of solipsism in his film production, seeming to find his own psyche and his life experiences infinitely fascinating. that he could not imagine that for others they would appear presumptuous and tortuously self-indulgent. But Woody Allen at least demonstrated a knack for keeping an audience entertained - he knows that a compelling story structure and a good dose of humor are essential to any movie. If Cassavetes used some self-discipline (and a pair of sharp scissors!), A Woman Under the Influence might have a chance. But what is the point of making a "realistic" movie if the only people who can stand it are art devotees and movie students who love Cassavetes as a kind of anti-establishment deity? Without dumbing down, I think Cassavetes could have made A Woman a little more accessible, keeping the pace moving with a real plot, instead of presenting a 30-minute sequence of makeshift scenes. If you just made movies for you and some of your fans, you're just reaching the already converted. Watch this movie with your own eyes and make your own decisions about it. If you are truly touched and fascinated by it, good for you.
