From the actor and writer / independent director John Cassavetes, A Woman Under Influence gives the viewer a vision of a working-class family with a problem of mental instability. The husband, Nick (played by Peter Falk) is a blue-collar worker who has a hard time showing his wife, Mabel (played by Gena Rowlands) how much attention she deserves. From the beginning of the film, it is obvious that Mabel is very peculiar and strange, but only minutes later it becomes clear that she is much more than that. Crazy. Bonkers Out of your damn mind. Nick tries his best to hide this from his co-workers, and after she has a particularly strange incident at dinner, he asks if she's going to be okay, as if he's trying to deny Mabel's illness. Her problem is that it just spirals out of there. <br /> <br /> I found some specific problems with this movie. I think these problems were mainly present in the story, and the way some characters acted in the end. Mabel has been compromised because, frankly, she's crazy. Then, six months later, she is ready to leave the hospital and her husband throws a party to welcome her back. He never acts stupidly at the beginning of the movie. Why would he invite all these people, some of them strange to Mabel, to his house when his wife was in such a fragile state? You're just stupid. Later, after Mabel arrives home, Mabel's father has a huge blast on Nick, screaming at the top of his lungs for not wanting to eat spaghetti. Your daughter just returned from six months of rehab, and the thing you want to do is keep her calm, and he goes crazy with spaghetti? A few minutes later, in the movie, Nick takes Mabel to the stairs and forces her to do the things she did when she was mentally unstable; make your strange noises and gestures. Did not he send her there to improve it and not do those things? There were several other parts that occurred after that, but it would be redundant to examine them in more detail. I think I just had a serious problem with Cassavetes' decision to have his characters acting that way. It just did not make sense. <br /> <br /> However, although I had problems with the end of the film, there was one aspect that really redeemed it; the acting. Gena Rowlands played an incredible crazy woman. There were times when I forgot that she was acting, where I got so caught up in her gesticulations and crazy conversations that I was really scared of her. She was incredibly convincing and intense. However, I was also impressed with the rest of Mabel's family. Peter Falk played a very strange character, and I almost thought he was crazy because of the awkward way he dealt with his children, his work and especially the situation with his wife. I also generally do not like child actors. But the young people who played Nick and Mabel's children in this movie were phenomenal. It really looked like they were Mabel's children because they seemed so attached to her and were so interesting in helping her with her problem. I think their performances are one of the things that keep this movie together, and without them, the movie would be less realistic and less intense. <br /> <br /> In general, I was not impressed by this movie. The story was confusing and obscure, and the characters acted in a way that made me wonder who was not crazy in the movie. The only saving grace was the brilliant leadership roles of the Longhetti family. His realistic dialogue and powerful acting kept the film together, and are probably the only reason the film has ever represented anything.
