In A Woman Under Influence, Mabel goes mad, but I can see why she's mad. If I lived the kind of life she lived with the family she has, I would go crazy as well. Everyone in your family is out of your rocking chair and not completely into it. She is constantly surrounded by people yelling at her and telling her what is best for you and for people who are not the sharpest knives in the drawer. <br /> <br /> To begin with, the person closest to her in your life. her husband, Nick, is a little out of his mind. He is always yelling at her when she is at home telling her how to live her life and stop acting like an imbecile. The rest of the time he's been working long hours at his job and he's not there to support her when she needs support. The only person in your life who must always be there for her is never there and if he is, he is just making her feel worse. She depends on him for support and always goes to him first when she feels she is acting wrong and he does nothing to back her up. When he gets home from the hospital, all he does is tell him how to act, instead of comforting her, he just yells at her and tells her what to do. <br /> <br /> The other important people in your life are her parents. Her parents do nothing in her life for her. Mabel basically directs their lives because they are afraid to face it and defend it. In the end, she even asks her father to stand up and she does not understand, and when he does, he still does not do anything. They do nothing to help Mabel recover or prevent her from going mad because they do nothing for her period. The only person who tries to do something for her is Nick's mother. Nick's mother is adamant about having Mabel compromised. She does not want Nick to deal with it, so she has the doctor to commit. It seems like everyone is against Mabel and they feel that having her compromised is a good idea because they will not have to deal with it anymore. They all want to live their own lives and do nothing for Mabel except scream at her and make her feel like she's doing something wrong when she's not really. That's why she went crazy and why she had to compromise, it was her whole family's fault.
