It should have been titled "Balderdash!" Little in the movie is true except for the name of the island and the fact that the submarines are involved. Little more than training movie quality with poor camera work, muddy images and perhaps the low of stereotyping "Japanese" with laughing Japanese infantry, laughing Japanese and American one-dimensional hunting pilots of square jaw dying to the left and right . Sixty years later, it is unintentionally funny as a strange artifact and as an opportunity to see what is possible when the war fever is upon you. The plot and dialogue reminds me of throwing guns on a summer afternoon in my childhood, peering through the neighbor's fence to gain a fatal edge over my best friend Steve and my younger brother. In fact, the Makin Island invasion was an almost total failure, with Carlson and his men wandering in the dark exchanging shots with shadows until finally, thirsty and completely disoriented, they were looking for someone to surrender before they met some equally confused Japanese. soldiers who readily surrendered to them! At the retreat, several of Carlson's marines ended up on another island and were abandoned! The film, of course, could not tell this story, not in 1943, so this trick was invented and hurriedly launched for the beating of the drums. With Randolph Scott and his jaw, such as Colonel Thorwald (Carlson) leading a unit composed almost entirely of caricatures, green recruit (Harry Landon, Robert Mitchum), gray-haired veteran J. Carroll Naish, Milburn Stone, Sam Levene, the country-bumpkin (Rod Cameron), the all-American boy (Alan Curtis), and many (if not laughing) "Japanese" taunts. And yet, the cast almost surpasses the material. Almost. Randolph Scott's narrow band is well suited to his role of serious commander and he is backed by a solid group of professionals who do the best with fine porridge. But in the end, the object of an exercise note wins. Any pretense is utterly abandoned at the end, when Randy Scott simply looks directly at the camera and hands over a call to move (well sorta stirring) to his arms. The cast was better than this stuff. So it was the audience. Must be seen with Reefer Madness and a moderately priced bottle of Merlot.
