The DVD has become the equivalent of the old nightly double-count circuit, the last chance to watch old movies on the verge of being completely forgotten as The Frontier. Were there any high expectations for this in 1982? a script co-written by Walon Green of The Wild Bunch, Jack Nicholson on days when he could still act without traffic lights and a large supporting cast (Harvey Keitel, Warren Oates, Valerie Perrine), Tony Richardson driving (although he was practically a force spent until then)? but now it does not even appear on TV. The material certainly offers a rich variety of possibilities for commenting on the American dreams of capitalism and conspicuous consumption, with Nicholson's border patrolman turning a blind eye to the strange drug deal or trafficking in people to finance the relentless materialism of his wife, until he rediscovers his conscience when he discovers that his partners are also in the business of selling babies. Unfortunately, he never gets his hands dirty, does not even close his eyes before his decency rises to the surface. The film always seems to be weakened, as if many rewriting and many committees had castrated him, and unfortunately the recent release of the DVD was a lost opportunity to restore the original and nihilistic ending where Nicholson crossed the border and set fire to the border patrol station this was cut after the preview public found it very pessimistic, but it still appeared prominently in the movie trailers. Although this is probably not very convincing, considering how Nicholson's crisis of consciousness is in the film, it had to be better than the rude climax in which the film abandons logic and even the basic rules of continuity: at one point he's holding characters at arm's length then he's somewhere else and they're free trying to kill him in his house, jumping like a gazelle on the banks of the Rio Grande while Valerie Perrine's character gets dumber at an exponential level. The villains of the play are eliminated with absurd ease (and an impressive car maneuver) in time for a clowny happy ending and you begin to wonder if you have somehow found yourself watching another movie altogether. What makes everything more clumsy is that the rest of the film is so flat and uninteresting that the sudden turnaround in the melodrama is even more shocking. Unfortunately the beautiful title song of Ry Cooder, Across the Borderline, says it all much more economically. But if you want to know the true crime of the movie, you're completely missing out on the great Warren Oates. When even he can not make a good impression, you know that something is really wrong. All in all, very easy to remember because I found it so forgettable at the moment.
