This film addresses the abduction of children from the point of view of a mother (Lisa Hartman Black) who acts like a man would do in an action thriller. Unlike other movies where the focus is the police, here the mother is tracking the ex-husband who kidnapped his son. She gets help from her lawyer who eventually falls in love with her. <br /> <br /> Before finally finding your son, many bizarre things happen. The mother tries to take a child who looks like her child from a local Children's Play in a community theater. She gets caught, and then realizes she's not your child. That alone would have taken most people to the mental ward or a few months in prison awaiting trial. However, in this film the mother is released after a few hours because the victim's parents feel sorry for her. A little later, Mom invades her mother-in-law's house and then the police arrive and they have their guns pointed at her, but they let her get away because they recognize her (and feel sorry for her?). At another point in the story they found the child, but when the police arrived to search the house, they went out the back door and entered the river in a boat that apparently the father kept close to such an escape of emergency! Mommy gets someone to lend her a raft, and even though it should have taken some time (in a real world), she and the boyfriend's attorney, and the police reach the other raft pretty fast and she's upside down. groundwater. Instead of leaving the raft to look for the father on the land, the mother presumes that he has drowned the boy and she jumps in the water when she sees her lifejacket. Of course, she can not swim and sink like a rock. The lawyer saves her, but they lose the chance to run after their father. At one point the mother is informed that her son died in a clinic in Mexico. And so on, and where it stops, no one knows! In a way, this movie really explores the abduction of children and is not very positive. On the other hand, seeing a woman doing all the crazy things men do in these types of movies was fun (or funny?).
