I just finished "Dark Chamber", also known as "Under Surveillance" and I'm stunned. Stunned, not by the movie, but by some of the compliments I read that influenced my watching it. The story was so devastated by plot holes and most of the acting so flat, categorizing it as a comedy seems appropriate. Seriously, I found myself shaking my head and laughing in bewilderment as I held on to this movie. Justin leaves the limits of living at home with a mother addicted to pain to move in with his police father despite his mother notices that Daddy is not good. When a young woman is found dead, Justin suspects of the tenants residing in the adjoining apartments. With the help of some friends, he installs secret cameras to keep an eye on these people. When the truth begins to unfold, Justin discovers an unexpected secret. <br /> <br /> One good thing is that Felissa Rose is HOT! I would have generously put an extra star or two here if she had come down a bit, but without such luck. It would have been the potential saving grace of the movie. Eric Conley played Justin very cleverly, I thought, and would not be surprised to see him more in the future. The film's general premise, though plagued by clichés, could have worked were it not for the ridiculously empty performances of the cast's most prominent members, most notably Alexandra Eitel (Kayla) and David H Rigg (Justin's father ) The horror! (forgive the pun). <br /> <br /> I have nothing against low budget films. In fact, I believe the independent film is our only hope for decent cinema in the coming days. I'm going to cut low budget movies with a little slack when it comes to special effects, lighting, even musical score and overall picture quality. I do not give subsidies, however, to the puppet figure and a Swiss cheese lover script. There are a large number of low-budget films made with competence out there. Unfortunately, this is not one of them. I can not help but suspect that at least some of the reviewers who praised the Dark Chamber here are somehow affiliated with their production.
