To review this film, I would undoubtedly have to quote that memorable scene in Tarantino's "Pulp Fiction" (1994) when Jules and Vincent are talking about Mia Wallace and what she does for a living. Jules tells Vincent that the "only thing that made her worth it was the pilot." Vincent asks "What the heck is a pilot?" and Jules gives a very good description of what a TV pilot is: "Well, the way they do shows is, they do a show." This show is called a 'pilot.' So they show this show to people who do shows, and with the force of that show, they decide whether they're going to do more shows. "Some pilots are chosen and become television shows. that Jules was talking about, there are BILLIONS of television shows / pilots that never went on the air because they just were not ... well, good. Probably the most notorious driver that comes to mind is "W * A * L * T * E * R", a spin-off for "M * A * S * H" with Gary "Radar" Burghoff as the leader. Hmmm, would anyone really like to be watching Radar for half an hour trying to solve crimes? So the show was never chosen. What many people do not know (or what they thought they knew) is that pilots are almost never shown on the air because they are strictly made for television networks for them to decide. A few of them pushed through the air (the pilot of the animated series "American Dad" comes to mind, since the series itself did not start until nearly four months later.) However, there are times when we are. Everyone should be happy that the drivers "Black Bart," a purported link to Mel Brooks' classic comedy "Blazing Saddles," is a bland, old sitcom with Saddles "was a controversial comedy, however, with its racist humor and vulgar comedy, which comes to mind" what idiot decided that would make a great TV show for PRIME TIME TV? "I say" supposedly, "because none of the film's memorable characters, in addition to Bart, are in this mess of a TV show. Mel Brooks was not involved with the production of the series and this was the first mistake in a long line related story, I recently discovered about a non-assistive TV pilot for a series based on the movie "Clerks". Vin Smith was not involved in ... you see what happens?!?). Set somewhere around the same time as the film (or all), the story revolves around the only black sheriff in the wild west, appropriately named 'Black' Bart, who is this time played by future Oscar® winner Louis Gossett Jr., obviously before his "real" performance, while in this one, he is playing a "G-rated" Richard Pryor. Most of the other characters are carbon copies (if not really bad) of the characters in the movie: Jim, The Waco Kid is replaced by a similar character named Reb Jordan, a former Confederate soldier who is quick with the gun. Lilian Von Schtupp is now Belle Buzzer, another ripoff of the character being that she is a show dancer and a German with an accent and personality of the type Marlene Dietrich. While this is virtually the end of the similarities, the protagonist of the story is Fern Malaga, played by Noble Willingham, which I assumed would have been Hedley Lamar if Warner Bros. claimed rights over the name. "Blazing Saddles") and his son Curley ... I do not know, Taggart, I suppose? The story is a bad excuse for a comedy, let alone a pilot. Bart deals with the mayor's drunken son and his out-of-control behavior has caused the city to spin. Actually, it's a story that tries to present all the characters in the series and does not focus on the variety and context that would make it a "right" show. I really can not call it a sitcom (and even if I wanted to) and that's basically the fact that it was shot in the studio at Warner Bros. Studios and later added a laughing track, so the show was set up almost exactly like "M * A * S * H" (complete with an insipid and bland laughter that is identical to the series). The acting is like this, but there's a part that always makes me laugh, and it's when the actor who plays Reb Jordan seems to almost forget his lines and goes to great lengths to remind them while trying to open a dialogue. THERE IS! The script is rather monotonous and is an attempt to make racism funnier than it was in the movie (Surprisingly, they use the word "N *** er" numerous times in a 22-minute episode, somewhat touchy for their period of time and even for today) and gets repetitive. <br /> <br /> If you put your hands on this invisible piece of sssss ... an interesting novelty item, watch only for the feeling of seeing the pilots (It's in the collector's edition of "Blazing Saddles", God knows why what). There you have a firsthand chance that many movie pilots never go on the air.
