It was difficult to go through this horrible heretical adaptation of Sherlock Holmes. Apparently, Matt Frewer has been cast because he is tall and thin. His skull face made a good zombie in the remake of Dawn of the Dead, but like Sherlock Holmes he looks like a scarecrow. Frewer not only has a clumsy and careless gait that is hard to watch, but he seems uncomfortable with Holmes' stereotyped overcoats that he's wearing. Not only that, but while the coat is gray twill they apparently could not find a matching cap. So your cap is black and looks shiny as if it were made of polyester. Whatever the limit, it seemed very new and artificial. Jeremy Brett occasionally wore these traditional clothes, but Brett did not have to dress like Sherlock Holmes to look like the part. Frewer, on the other hand, is painful to watch. Even with the "Holmes" outfit complete, he does not behave like Sherlock Holmes. <br /> <br /> Frewer's cadaverous face smiles all the time as he speaks and speaks in a lousy British Upper-Crust accent. It is painful to see and to hear. To say that Frewer is exaggerating is a euphemism. After he finishes every sentence with some kind of nasal buzz, he then mocks as if that was some kind of British trait. When I first started watching, I thought it might be a comedy with Wishbone, the Jack Russell Terrier. I thought Frewer had been chosen as a kind of foil for Wishbone. But unfortunately, there is no dog in this movie except Frewer. Wishbone would have made this movie so much better. <br /> <br /> Not only does Frewer's version of Sherlock Holmes never stop talking (in this artificially horrible British nasal accent), but he is very friendly and kind. Frewer is always smiling at the witnesses he speaks, and he is so polite and courteous that he could be teaching in a school of charm instead of being a detective. Maybe because it's a Hallmark Channel production, they're trying to make a children's version of Sherlock Holmes (Wishbone was better too) who was kind and gentle. Whatever the point of Frewer's interpretation of Sherlock Holmes, it is flatter than a pancake, and easily the worst version of Sherlock Holmes I have ever seen (including Charlton Heston's worst previous). <br /> <br /> The tone of this movie is horrible. It reminded me of a typical episode of Barnaby Jones or Murder She Wrote or Murder Diagnosis. All the suspects acted suspiciously and faced the victims before being killed. Holmes and Watson are explaining each lane to each other throughout the film. Even in Murder She Wrote there is less exposure. <br /> <br /> This Sherlock Holmes does not even compare well with Rockford Files' Jim Rockford, and is miles away from Columbus. The terrible dialogue is probably the writer's fault. It is obvious that anyone who has written this script has very little familiarity with Sherlock Holmes, especially the BBC version with Jeremy Brett. This movie has the whole atmosphere of an episode of Little House on the Prairie. The fact that the actors seem to be smiling when they utter their lines in their false accents does not help. <br /> <br /> The only bright spot is Ken Walsh, who plays Doctor Watson with some dignity. Walsh does not compare to Frewer, and when he usually interviews witnesses, his behavior and colloquial style are much more natural and trustworthy. Unfortunately, the rest of the cast is amateur, and the visual clues they give, looking and making faces at each other (to show they are suspicious), is something I had not seen in any modern movie.
