I'm going to write about this movie and about "Irreversible" (the (in) famous scene in it). So you're warned, if you have not seen the movie yet. These are just my thoughts because I think the movie fails (in the end - the pun intended). Acting wise, Rosario Dawson is really good and almost conveys portraying someone almost a decade younger (a teenager in other words). The villain is good but loses his "evil" touch just before the end. If he really never changes, then why would he let a woman tie him up? He would not, period. Then we also got the bartender / 2nd rape dude. Actually, I do not think you would need it. At least not for the 2nd rape, but more on that later. <br /> <br /> Let's reprise the story. Rosario's character is sexually insecure, may even have lesbian tendencies (see her scene with a friend). This was not intentional, as Rosario says, but there is sexual tension between them. The character of Rosario knows a guy, who is a sexual predator, in all bad senses. But he makes an impression on her. <br /> <br /> Rosario commented that her character had a boyfriend earlier. I beg to differ. Because she acts as if it were her first boyfriend, which also underlines her telephone conversation with her mother. Talking about your mother, here's another problem. After the first rape, the character Rosarios does not tell anyone what happened. Saying that his relationship with his mother is very close, none of this is explored after that. If Rosario's character did not care about her mother or behaved strangely, her mother would be worried like a madwoman. There was a lot of potential here. Also her friend: We see her at the party, it is obvious that something is happening and "boom" it is gone. <br /> <br /> The first rape is almost unbearable to watch. But it looks like a pinch, when you compare it to the final (rape) it looks like you're being hit by a sledgehammer! After raping, no. 1 we have very stretched scenes. Topics are open (as the construction work of her is an indication that she may be lesbian, as a guy says he tried to hit her ...), but left open. No real social contact is established, if you let the bartender leave, who is involved in the second and last rape scene. It is apparent that he is not a "cool" guy and his character is somewhat affected. But when the character Rosario finds his rapist in the classroom again, his being in the movie seems pointless. We get to the point that the character of Rosarios is no longer the same, that she was "bad" and is capable of hurting people. (Too) Many scenes show just that, she being emotionless just doing drugs and stuff. Back at the # 1 rapist who betrays a test, he gets picked up by the character Rosaries and they decide to go out together again (seriously?). As absurd as it may seem, the guy meets her, not without us seeing him beforehand, with another girl (most likely he raped her too, though we never see any of it, thankfully) and his football career. Well career is a stretch and he is bullied. This is an attempt to give your character some depth and almost works, but again, it's too cliché to be with you. So rapist # 1 submits to the character Rosaries ... why exactly? Because he promised her it was her day? Again, really? A guy like that never loses control, especially with a woman he raped before ... I think that should show us how stupid he is. The bartender's face would have worked as someone who might have hit him in the head or something, but letting him submit to it just seems wrong. Another possibility would have a drug in his drink. <br /> <br /> So rapist # 1 gets undressed and gets blindfolded and we're going to get Rosarios to tie him up in a bed ... seriously, this is crazy! But what comes next is even crazier. First she talks to him, so she "catches" him and forces an object into him. This is as difficult to watch as the number one rape scene. This is not about what this guy deserves or not, it's just intense. And of course that was what they intended. Now, after she's "done," the bartender comes in and rapes her ... rapist # 1. If this really worked like a revenge movie, it would have been better if the Rosaries character herself was doing all the "revenge." Having a henchman doing the work takes away everything that was built. <br /> <br /> This is not to be fun / fun, it's a hard time clock and it's an art house. But the 10-minute rape scene (I did not count) in the end, it just crushes everything. The character Rosarios is more or less, just watching what happens. Which brings me to the biggest disappointment. <br /> <br /> Irreversible Comparison: "Irreversible" had the scene of the rape, but the film continued (even if it was back in time). Rosario is looking at the camera at the end and says something about having to overcome it. First, this comes a little too late, that should make her say that after the initial rape. And secondly and most importantly, this is where the Art-house movie should have come in. It is more interesting to see that Rosario's character would go after the second rape scene and how she would deal with what she had done. But, again, she did not physically do so much (see above) ... a broken character that the movie cuts ... <br /> <br /> Good intentions (Talia and Rosario had worked before), but could not convey the Most of the things they set out to do (even if you can see what they meant, it has to be convincing, otherwise it will not work) ... not to mention the rape scenes for a long time ...
