SPOILERS HERE <br /> <br /> My High School did everything it could to motivate us for the exams. But the most memorable method they used to put us in the right mood was a guest speaker, who was none other than the favorite son of Australian Kickboxing Stan "The Man" Longinidis. The first mistake they made was to give this guy a microphone because he was screaming half the time, even though we were sitting no more than 3 or 4 feet away from him. Now, his speech was full of the usual "if you do not prepare, then prepare to fail" things, but there were several cases where I was really excited. The guy was there in front of us preaching as he had done everything for himself and for no one else in his life. He has received many offers in the past to give up kick-boxing but never took his eyes off the award to become Australia's best boxer. He said he was not sold, was happy and retired, never been involved in any activity other than Kickboxing ?? so he turned on the movie. Yes, you heard right, he called his new movie. As he talked about it, he got a woman to come in and hold an advertising poster, and then he showed this 4-minute shit clip from this vile movie called "Trojan Warrior." (This all before he is defeated by Gurkan Ozkan in his last career bout (for now)) Stan plays Ajax, a former special forces kickboxing agent who is pulled into the underworld Melbourne. Ajax's cousin, Theo (Arthur Angel) recently ran out (well, at least Stan did not stray too far from EVERYTHING) to the Feds, and as a result he's running away from all spheres of organized crime. Ajax and Theo enter into all sorts of ridiculous situations, from fighting at a Kebab shop to playingboy at a slavery party. It's all very ridiculous, but if Silverstein was really aiming to make a credible film here, this man should never be handed a camera again. <br /> <br /> I admit, I was really pumped to see this. I love action movies, even if they are cheesy, and especially if it's in my own backyard. But what I was presented with was a terrible acting movie of the word "go," and continued to do so after the words "for God's sake, please stop!", Subplots were introduced and not even played again, after they went outside, the characters were played for absolutely no reason, and the most choreographed fighting scenes did not even remotely reflect Stan's real talent in Kickboxing. The cast consisted of useless appearances by almost anyone REMOTELY famous (Dermot Brereton, Mark "Chopper" Read and Greg Matthews). All the time you're sitting there and playing the guessing game of those who are standing there in the background. Too bad the movie relies heavily on split-second appearances by former celebrities. Do you remember those holes I told you about? Ajax was once apparently arrested, unjustly accused of murdering his wife. Now we hear that Ajax was in special forces through a single sentence in the WHOLE movie and then leave it for the buggery. This is followed by another phrase that convinces Ajax to help the same people who have mistakenly locked it. Then, achieve this, in the end, it is revealed to Ajax that his wife is not really dead, but was sold for prostitution. Do we see her? No. Does Ajax go out to meet her as soon as he hears this? No. Now, this is a wedding! Amid all the annoyingly childish crap, some website described this movie as "a cross between Jackie Chan and Guy Ritchie ??". Has this man ever sat down and watched a Jackie Chan movie? Chan shows more dexterity taking trash than Stan did, well, ANYTHING! And Guy Ritchie is the crime-movie Messiah, and you're comparing him to Salik Silverstein! This movie is more like a mix between "Pizza" and "Enter The Ninja". <br /> <br /> Now, where does the whole title of "Trojan Warrior" come from? The fierce fighting skills of Ajax, like that of an ancient Greek warrior? No. The unification of the gangsters to find Theo, like that of the Trojan Empire? No. Is it because ?? wait for it?? Theo carries a condom around with him. Yes, that's right, because THEO ALWAYS PREPARED WITH a TRANSFER MARK RUBBER in his pocket, he's a WARRIOR of Troy! <br /> <br /> I had the displeasure to see the "Trojan Warrior" on DVD, as well as its "special" features: <br /> <br /> ?? Video clip of "Chop Chop", a rap from Mark "Chopper" Read: Chopper did it with the sole purpose of proving that anyone can rap. The funny thing was that Chopper just hit for 30 seconds and then played for these two Doncaster albino teenagers, using words like "dis" and "drug", etc. in their Australian accents. Face the people, rap was developed in the United States, LEAVE IT THERE! The clip looked like something a Channel 31 cameraman on ecstasy mustered. <br /> <br /> ?? Shock: There was no real difference between these and the actual movie. <br /> <br /> ?? Stan "The Man" Longinidis Kickboxing Feature: This was not so bad considering there were only 6 or 7 different fights shown from different angles (I think I saw Dennis Alexio drop about 15 times in that 3 minute montage). I do not want to say that this movie contributes to the reason why this country is going to hell when it comes to film, but ... oh wait, I just did. My advice to anyone reading this is for you to go out and buy 4 or 5 copies of "Trojan Warrior", burn them together and use them as paper weight because this movie is very bad.
