Uta Hagen's "Respect for Acting" is the standard book in many university theater courses. In the book, Hagen presents two fundamentally different approaches to the development of a character as an actor: the Presentational approach and the Representational approach. In the Presentational approach, the actor focuses on performing the character as honestly as possible, introducing emotional elements of the actor's own life. In the Representational approach, the actor tries to present the effect of an emotion, through a high degree of control of movement and sound. The representational approach to acting was still partly in vogue when this Hamlet was made. . The British theater has a long history of this style of acting, and Olivier could be considered the supreme king of the Representational school. <br /> <br /> Time has not been kind to this acting school, or this movie. . Almost all the actors who work today use a Presentational approach. To the modern eye, Olivier's stylized, highly enunciated delivery is tedious, hard, and formal. Instead of creating an internally conflicted Hamlet, Olivier has made a self-confident, self-reliant horn of the melancholy Dane - a style of acting that would have led well to the rear of the largest London theaters, but is very rich in starch to carry a modern Hamlet. <br /> <br /> And so the film sounds clumsy today. Olivier's tendency to e-nun-ci-ate makes some of Hamlet's speeches unintentionally funny: "Instead, you must acquire and have a sense of purriness that can give you ... Softness!" Instead of crying to find his father's ghost (as any real actor could do), bright lights on Olivier's students give us that impression. Eileen Herlie is the only other notable actor in this Hamlet, putting a good rehearsal on the queen, despite the painfully obvious age differences (he was 41, she was 26). The other actors in this movie have no chance to do anything significant, given Olivier's tendency to want to keep! the camera! in him! at all! Sometimes! <br /> <br /> Sixty years later, you feel the insecurity of Shakespeare's theater actor who did not have the confidence to play a fragile and imperfect Hamlet, and preferred to portray a kind of Elizabethan megaphone. Final analysis: "I would like to have such a companion whipped by Termagant 'o'er-do; this herods Herod: pray to you, avoid it."
