I can not for the life of me remember why - I must have had a free ticket or something - but I saw this movie in the theater when it was released. I do not remember who I was, what theater I was in, or in what city. I just remember how offended I was with this farce that someone dared to call a movie, and how half the people in the movies left before the movie ended. Unfortunately I held on to the end, which I still consider one of the biggest mistakes of my life so far. My offense has become pure horror when, shortly before the final credits, the demonic child commits his head behind a plaque and says, "Look for Child Problem 2, soon!" This was the most terrifying moment ever recorded in a movie. The plot, if I remember correctly, involved John Ritter and perhaps his wife (Lord, as I tried, unsuccessfully, to block this movie out of my mind) by adopting a "troubled child." Maybe they think they can reform it, or something. I really do not know. If that was their intention, they fail miserably because from the very first frame to the end this child remains the bravest, rude, and horrible demon to come to the big screens. Forget Damian, forget about Rosemary's baby. This kid takes the cake. The only difference is that we should feel sorry for him because he is a "problem child." However, this is impossible, since this child is probably the least unfriendly character ever portrayed. You want to kill him throughout the movie, and when (SPOILER, how does anyone care), John Ritter decides to keep the vile infernal child that you'll be shouting "Send him back!" in shocked disgust (like several people in the theater where I saw this). <br /> <br /> This is just the second movie I gave a "1" to the IMDb. The other was Superman IV, and by God, he could not tell which was worse. John Ritter made a quote in TV Guide about the time when Problem Child 3, in which he was not, left. He said something like "The only way for me to do another [Problem Child] sequel is if they drag my corpse back to play." Amen to this! <br /> <br /> I'd rather watch a 24-hour marathon of Police Academy sequences than see up to twenty minutes of Problem Child again. 1/10, just because I can not give a negative note, which is what it really deserves. Somebody burn the original negatives of this movie, please!
