Having only recently reviewed the "Lipstick" for the first time in a few decades, I endorsed it with "Descent," although I have heard more negative comments than good from other movie friends with tastes as varied as mine. It is interesting to contrast how the unique niche of the film Rape Revenge has evolved over the past 32 years, from the full gore of "I Spit On Your Grave" to the sensationalism of "Lipstick" issue in "The Accused". But "Descent", though it does make some important points, never really offers us something truly new in terms of revealing meaning. No, the "Descent" is so poorly done in terms of image and sound quality that it diminishes any meaningful message you could expect - a message that, when scrutinized closely, is not as innovative. <br /> <I knew very well that the plot was happening. What I wanted to see was the descent or degeneration of Dawson's character. Being a big fan of Rosario, I was eager to see the layers being pulled out and her psyche slowly being distorted ... you know, the kind of portrait that DeNiro brings to "Taxi Driver". Unfortunately, the script and the choices of the director / writer do not provide any kind of believable transition. <br /> <br /> The biggest point of failure is the second act. It became obvious what the filmmaker's intentions were for this segment of club fun, drug use, and obsession with the great black stallion Adrian (a white boy's nightmare) in a question and answer session on the DVD, but this tour of the Dawson's character is never believable. rendered. We do not know exactly what the heck she's doing in half the time, what she's after, or why she's doing it. Poor audio / video quality does not help, but the sequence is too long and useless. It destroys any momentum and investment in the main character created during the first exceptionally well done act. By the time we reach the end, our interest has already diminished. One point of success that Dawson points out in the Q & A session is that at the end of the "revenge" scene, we are bombarded with revenge, so realize how extensive and ugly the reality is. While this is certainly true, it does not make the scene more intriguing. <br /> <br /> If you have the DVD, check out the deleted "classroom" scene. This is an excellent 8-minute outtake that crackles with energy and provocation (albeit verbal) and really shows Dawson's slow crack materializing as she lives deliciously the poor and condescending Francie Swift's dorm advisor. If more expository scenes like this had been added and more than the middle third cut off, we could have an interesting psychological study of the impact of senseless acts of violence. <br /> <br /> As the film is in the final cut, however, all we got was what we saw before, only in a more graphic rendering. And?
