Yeti: Curse of the Snow Demon begins aboard an airplane full of American high school teenagers who are on their way to play a football game in Japan, unfortunately, during a violent thunderstorm, the plane crashes into the Himalayas. Really unlucky. With some dead and some alive, survivors have to think about themselves and decide to wait until help arrives. However, when they think that luck can not get any worse, they soon discover that a huge, hairy creature of the Yeti's Abominable Snowman type wants to kill and eat them all. Stuck, cold, starving and struggling for survival will help you reach teenagers lost in time? <br /> <br /> Yes, with a title like Yeti: Curse of the Snow Demon, this can only mean one thing and it is that someone on the Sci-Fi Channel made one more 'Creature Feature', though to give these things a little bit of variety, the Sci-Fi Channel here in the UK is now calling them 'Beast Feast'! As if that made any difference. Directed by Paul Ziller, we have to say that the Yeti: The Curse of the Snow Deamon is a terrible movie, but a little fun at the same time, it sure is bad, but it's kind of fun sometimes too. The basic premise is well, it's sort of a cross between Alive (1993) with his airplane crash and the survivors having to turn cannibal to survive and the great bloody murderer Bigfoot (another legendary furry monster), Night of the Demon (1980)) that I would defend with my last breath and I have to say that it's not exactly a marriage made in heaven, but like I said, it's fun sometimes, if not exactly exciting or well written. The characters are mostly annoying American teenagers, there is the expected discussion, there is the macho hero, the strong female and the coward who thinks only of himself, so there are no prizes for originality. Are there any plot holes too, if a plane load of people crash because they only send two guards on foot to look for them? How will you dig a large hole and align it with sharp sticks in the space of ten minutes? Why did the Yeti not kill that bird in the end? He'd killed everyone by then, so why not her? The twist 'There are two Yetis running around' is also not used for any purpose. At least there's a good pace about the movie, it certainly moves at an old pace and I've never found myself bored with it. There is some moderately bloody action and the film has some fascination with whether or not the children will survive and whether or not their comrades are going to eat. <br /> <br /> The only thing you can ever say about these Sci-Fi Channel 'Creature Features' or 'Beast Feasts' is that CGI computer effects will laugh loud and hilarious, and this proves to be the case again. The plane crash at first seems horrible and the Yeti when it's CGI seems just embarrassing jumping all over the place as if it were in a jumping-off. There are one or two cool scenes, including a broken arm, a crushed head, a broken heart, a few corpses, a few bloodstains, and the best part when the Yeti rips a guy in the middle and hits him with his own plucking. legs before biting a large piece of them. According to IMDb, the actor who played the Yeti took three and a half hours to get into the suit and makeup, which seems like a long time, since it is actually a beautiful creation. Apparently, the original title was Raksha: Curse of the Snow Demon with Raksha meaning devil in Tibetan Sanskrit, so now you know. <br /> <br /> This has reasonable production values ​​considering the usual material from the Sci-Fi Channel that they produce although the location of the mountain looks nothing like the Himalayas, hard and gloomy and was probably situated near some resort of skiing somewhere and during many of the daytime scenes it really looks pleasantly warm. The acting is not so good and I do not think any of the girls looked so good it did not help. <br /> <br /> Yeti: The Curse of the Snow Demon is another terrible Sc-Fi channel. 'Creature resource' If I'm honest that any sane person does not like it, but if you're looking for some fun themed horror then this is not so bad and there are one or two fun moments that make it a bit watchable, even if it's not very good.
