Airport '77 begins as a brand new luxury 747 aircraft loaded with valuable paintings, and it belongs to the rich businessman Philip Stevens (James Stewart) who flies them and a lot of VIPs to his estate, in preparation for it to the public opened. As a museum, also on board is Stevens's daughter Julie (Kathleen Quinlan) and her son. The luxury planes take off as planned, but the air is being hosted by co-pilot Chambers (Robert Foxworth) and his two accomplice's banker (Monte Markham) & Wilson (Michael Pataki) knocking off the passengers and crew. stealing the valuable cargo and land on an unused airplane strip on a remote island. As he makes his descent, Chambers almost strikes an oil-rich ocean and loses control of the plane that causes it to collapse into the sea, sinking to the bottom right in the center of the Bermuda triangle. With a shortage of air, leaking water and flowing over 200 miles of course, survivors have problems, as they expect help with the rapid expiration of time. <br /> <br /> Also known by the slightly different tile Airport 1977 this second successor to the disaster disaster airport (1970) was run by Jerry Jameson and while it is again forwards, I can't say Airport'77 is a kind of forgotten classic, it is entertaining, though not necessarily for the right reasons. From the three airport movies I have seen so far, I actually only had one of the best. It has my favorite plot of the three with a nice mid-air hi-jacking and then the crashing (he didn't see the oil thicker?) And sinking of the 747 (maybe the manufacturers are trying to get the original airport with a other popular disaster of the period The Poseidon Adventure (1972) and immersed where it ends, with a strong dilemma suffocating those trapped, when the air runs out or drowns as the 747 floods or any it is a decent idea that could make a big catastrophe, but a bad fearless character, dull dialogue, dull set pieces and a real lack of danger or tension or tension means it's " a missed opportunity. While the rather sluggish plot entertained one for 108 odd minutes, it didn't happen much after the plane crashed and there wasn't as much urgency as I thought. Even when the Navy gets involved, things aren't going up much with a few shots of big ships and helicopters flying over, but there's just something missing here. George Kennedy as jinxed airline worker Joe Patroni is back, but only gets a few scenes and even says nothing and prefers to worry only in the background. <br /> <br /> The home video and theatrical version of Airport'77 runs 108 minutes while American TV versions add an extra hour of footage, including a new opening credit order, many more scenes with George Kennedy and Patroni, flashing back to characters, longer lifeboats and the discovery or a few bodies, including the navigator. While I want to see this extra footage, I'm not sure I can sit through an almost three-hour cut from Airport'77. As expected, the film was poorly dated with horrible fashions and interior design choices. I will no longer say, but the toy airplane model effects are also not good. Along with the other two airport successors, it is proud of the Razzie's Hall of Shame, although I can think of much worse movies than this, so I think it's a bit hard. The action scenes are unfortunate, unfortunately the pace is slow and not much excitement or tension is generated which is a shame, as it thinks it could be a good movie if it was properly made. <br /> <br /> The production values ​​are good when nothing is spectacular. The acting is not good, the two-time Oscar winner Jack Lemmon said as it was a mistake to die in this one-time Oscar winner, James Stewart looks old and weak. The one-time Oscar winner Lee Grant also looks drunk while Sir Christopher Lee gives little to do and there are many other familiar faces to watch as well. <br /> <br /> Airport77 is the most disasterous of the three airport movies so far and I love the ideas for it, even though they were a little foolish, however, the production and thin direction didn't help and " a movie about a sunken plane should not be boring or boring. Followed by The Concorde ... Airport '79 (1979).
