When I was little, my parents took me to the theater to see Interiors. It was one of the movies I watched with my parents, but it was the only one we walked out of. Since then I have never seen Interiors until recently, and I could have lived the rest of my life without it. What a pretentious, pounding and painfully boring piece of 70 wine and cheesecake. Woody Allen is one of my favorite directors, but Interiors is by far the worst part of his career. In the unmistakable style of Ingmar Berman, Allen gives us a dark, angular, subdued insight into the lives of a family caused by psychological damage through divorce, alienation, career, love, non-love, halitosis, whatever . The film deliberately has no comic relief, no music, and is drenched in shade. This film style can best be defined as expressionist in nature, using an improvising method of dialogue to make a "more pronounced depth of meaning and truth" illegal. But Woody Allen is not an Ingmar Bergman. The film is painfully slow and dull. But in addition, I simply had no relation to or sympathy with any characters. Instead, I only got contempt for this parade of shuffling, moaning, nicotine-stained, martyrs in an everlasting quest for identity. In the midst of a background of cosmopolitan wealth and baked Brie intelligentsia, the story hangs like a jump in the room. Everyone speaks in affected platitudes and elevated language between cigarettes. Everyone is "lost" and "struggling", desperate to find direction or understanding, or whatever and it just goes to the point where you want to hit everyone. It's never about resolution, but it's just about inevitable introspective chatting. It is nothing more than a psychological drama that is taken beyond the audience's ability to connect. Woody Allen chose to let characters so immerse themselves, we left out. And therefore, I have pained this movie painfully self-supporting and spiritually. I see where he is going, but his insistence on promoting his message through Prozac prose and distorted film techniques makes it beyond the point of relevance. I recommend this one if you feel a little too happy and need something to remind you of death. Otherwise, let's just pretend that this movie never happened.
