The summer season is here when the choices in the theaters are limited to what is the hottest movie of the week, which has allocated 99.9% of the screens to verify it. OK, so I may exaggerate over the percentage, but you get my drift. Besides Hollywood stuff, Bollywood also has their own share of highly anticipated blockbusters, and of some of the trailers shown, I tend to watch them as well. Tashan was announced as one of the most anticipated for 2008, but I was rather surprised at the lower than low turnout at the theaters. When I looked at Jodha Akbar, it was a full house, but it wasn't for Tashan. <br /> <br /> After looking at it, I knew why. It was entertaining, but it was basically poor. Just like its literally English title, which means "Style", Tashan is all style, but little dust. Not that it doesn't have the usual strength, but scenes have forced, and some have a little ridiculous, even for the Bollywood standards I have to say. This is quite surprising, as Tashan was directed and written by Vijay Krishna Acharya, who wrote Dhoom and Dhoom 2. Both enjoyed me tremendously. <br /> <br /> In his newcomer straight outing with Tashan, while you can't make his way wrong, you'll probably scratch your head on the plot, which sounds like it's best. It has tried to force too many things into the story, although credit is given where it has allowed you to question character motivation, but it has come a little too late and just after the final just a moment before the guess guess. nailed in full blown action much of a Thai action movie, with Hong Kong's wire work and Hollywood's ridiculous firearms and gunplay with zero stretch. And in an effort to include everything, including the kitchen sink, you have a variety of vehicles that appear, and the one who took the cake in a Dhoom 2 tribute was the jet ski boat in the middle from nowhere. <br /> <br /> At best, Tashan can be enjoyed as an unintentional comedy, and this is attributed to how the throws hung with their characters. Saif Ali Khan plays Jimmy Cliff, a call center executive who teaches English, just as a platform to catch up on new girlfriends. His playboy ways are unraveled when he meets with Pooja Singh (Kareena Kapoor), which is not exactly what she looks like, the gentle and sweet natural hottie. She involved Jimmy's services to her boss, Mr. Bhaiyyaji (Anil Kapoor), who gets most of the laugh. And to complete the quartet, Akshay Kumar Bachchan Pandey, an illiterate mobster hired by Bhaiyyaji, plays Jimmy and Pooja if they escape with money stolen from Bahiyyaji's business. <br /> <br /> So a road trip of its kind, with friends who became enemies and enemies you know, will become friends when the road trip continues. Jimmy Cliff is probably the most indisputable of all, as he goes from zero to hero, carrying out movements that Rambo will be ashamed of, in absolutely no time, which is completely out of character. Kareena Kapoor strengthens the sex factor when she uses her charm to deceive both men and has many opportunities to do so, given the many well-known bikini screens and other costumes that boast necks or diagonally above the knee. Each character created a background, and I thought Akshay Kumar's Bachchan Pandey was probably the best, the most beautiful and the most fun of the lot, although his character looked much like a non-green Incredible Hulk with his gravity. defensive jumps and power packs. His wounds also heal automatically, which has hurt Wolverine impressively. And the best part is his theme song, which is a damman that is alphabetical and played every time he rivals opponents. <br /> <br /> But sad to say, it's the only song that is unforgettable, something that cheers "Bachchan-Pandey-Bachchan-Pandey". For most Bollywood movies I watch, I will usually be able to come up with performances that make up a song or two, despite the obvious language gaps. I couldn't do it after Tashan, because the songs were unfortunately not conspicuous. Usually the song / dance routine works well in the storyline without the need to bring the characters out of the current scene or place. I enjoy it, versus picking them up and plunging them into extreme settings on top of a mountain, or over rocks on the beach. <br /> <br /> Tashan probably didn't go too seriously, but come from Vijay Krishna Acharya's story, you probably wanted to be a little more decent rather than ridiculous, and for continuity a little more careful . If a destruction billed, I can now understand why the crowd has already avoided this one. Despite Akshay Kumr stealing the show, Tashan could have been better.
