The face of Kareena Kapoor in a two-part bikini is about the only thing that wakes you out of your sleep while watching Tashan? the mega-disappointing, ingenious new movie at the cinemas this weekend. Bad movies are bad movies and we see a few every week, but Tashan is not just a bad movie, it's a horrible movie. Terrible because it takes his audience for granted, terribly, because the filmmakers expect to get away without a plot or common sense because they have large movie stars on board. Word and direction by Vijay Krishna Acharya, Tashan is what you want to describe as a road movie, but one that goes in all the wrong directions. Saif Ali Khan stars as Jimmy Cliff, a call center executive hired to teach English to Bhaiyyaji - that is Anil Kapoor who plays an ambitious UP gangster, desperate to cool down. Jimmy has his eye on Pooja, the gangster's pretty young assistant (played by Kareena Kapoor), who uses Jimmy to cheat her 25 crore rupee boss. Determining to repay his money and also punish Jimmy and Pooja, Bhaiyyaji is recruiting his trusted craftsman to do the job. So you have Akshay Kumar as Bachchan Pandey, the gangster's faithful aide from Kanpur, who traces the culprits and recovers the stolen money hidden over the length and breadth of the land. Much like the bad eighty pot boilers, Tashan is also held together by a caption that is centered on a vendetta plot. But the treatment is so over-the-top, so lenient that it fails to establish any connection. Instead of a coherent screenplay or a traditional three-action structure, you'll get a handful of pieces loosely built around most of the screens. This colored song in the desert, the bullet-action action scene at a Rajasthani fortress, Kareeena's bikini moment, even the ridiculous climate action scene, complete with shaolin monks, a water scooter sacking a dirty needle, and Believe it or not, even a Dhanno-style horse-driven tonga. In all fairness not all of these fixed pieces are done badly - the item song in the desert is actually neat - but very little makes sense in the bigger picture, because you are just going from one piece to another without the help of the script really. Little do you expect in a seemingly fast-paced road movie to find a sickly sentimental springtime childhood love. You see the problem with Tashan is no one related to this movie, knowing what movie they made. In addition, I don't think they care either - the film series of arrogance. Tashan is randomly packed into elements of each genre without actually stopping to see if the mix works. Tashan is like an over-cooked stove. There are movies that make you soft, and then there's Tashan, a movie that overshoots you. Packing funny with glamorous camera work, exotic locations and fancy costumes, every frame of the movie probably costs lakhs to put together, but it still feels like a hollow at the end, because the story doesn't stick. Borrowing story of Tarantino and Stephen Chow's style also doesn't help because they don't merge with the film's thin plot. One might be a little less complaining if the characters were more tempting, but Anil Kapoor's Hinglish Dialog roster makes you want to split your wrists, and Saif Ali Khan fools through the movie foolishly, unable to foot his feet. do not get. Kareena Kapoor, meanwhile, queen of over-the-top delivery, does a decent job. But of course, if Tashan is to some extent saved, it is thanks to Akshay Kumar's irresistible presence and his spontaneous approach to character. You nod when he visits his cross repeatedly and you mock when he delivers the double-meaning dialogues, but for a moment you can't take your eyes off the screen when he's there. In spite of a good music from Vishal-Shekhar, the songs seem to just lengthen your misery. Well, that's because Tashan is a test of your patience. If you didn't know, Tashan means style. I'm sorry to say, this movie has nothing.
