Masters of Horror: The Screw Fly Solution begins when America is infected by an air virus that affects the male population, when men who wake up involuntarily kill a woman in the eyes of God. Alan (Jasn Priestley), scientist Alan (Jasn Priestley) is introduced by government and knows more than most and senses. The situation may have gone too far, and he tells his wife Anne (Kerry Norton) to try their teenage daughter Amy (Brenna O'Brien) to survive, because the future of the human race may depend on them ... <br /> <br /> This Canadian American co-production was episode 7 of season 2 of the Masters of Horrror TV series, led by Joe Dante I thought The Screwfly Solution was pretty bad. Personally, I think Sam Hamm's script sucks, it takes himself too seriously and I don't really understand why it's part of the Masters or Horror series, the horror that the filmmakers are going to do. The Screwfly Solution is in the real story. himself and themes and ideas bring it rather than on the screen visual horror in particular the turbulent ecological message it intends to ramming our throat when it gets the chance, while it is short 60 odd minute running time that I felt myself , was a problem if the thing just ends that can easily be interpreted as essential, rather than any meaningful attempt to solve things. I was also not happy with the contradictions with the story. If men just kill when they wake up sexually, why does the refugee hit the woman's neck on the plane? Was he sexually aroused, I don't think. Why then does everyone think he is killing in the name of God? I just can't see every single look at the Earth, suddenly know the Bible and start believing in God. I just found the idea ridiculous and the show also clearly states that there is nothing religious about what is going on. What is the deal with everyone they think? Does a divine have to kill any woman they see? Then it's the fact that people are switched on by different things, how about gays for example? Will they kill guys instead of women? I know there is a short scene that makes a joke out of the gay edition, but it is conveniently brushed on one side and then there is the thing that made me most annoyed. The fact that every look on earth has psychologically turned and all the women they are going to kill about their everyday affairs, as nothing ever happened, felt so stupid, the plot is garbage and rounding off, there is an ending that seems to have been taken from a rejected episode of The X-Files (1993-2002) with a clear neon alien. <br /> <br /> Director Dante on this show is definitely not qualified as a Horror Master as far as I'm concerned, the story is bad, it's just as stupid as it is played deadly straight and instead of trying to make a proper horror program, he becomes more of a thrill with the deadly virus on the loose situation and the subsequent mother and daughter on the run because of it, there is very little in the way of what i would call effective horror and even less gore. There is a scene when a woman is stabbed with a broken bottle, a short scene after a man sticks his own groin with the bottle and another woman is stabbed in the stomach, but nothing else about the house to write. <br /> <br /> Technically, like the other episodes, it's really good and doesn't look as good as a cheap TV show. The special effects are as good as usual and it is well made. The play is good, but nobody really stood out. <br /> <br /> The Screw Fly Solution is easily the worst Masters of Horror episode I've seen, but remember I haven't seen anyone ... yet. As a single piece of entertainment it did nothing to me and as a representation of a so-called Master of Horror it is even more bothered.
