Superman II - The Richard Donner Cut must be a fan's dream. Eventually, imagery that is only seen in photos and scenes that just existed on the printed page will eventually come to life. A director who could not complete his vision would have the opportunity to restore his vision. It looks like a winning situation. And then you start looking at this composition of footage and you realize this "esoteric dream" is a very real nightmare of messiness and incompetence. Although it is quite possible that no movie can compete with the completed perfect version that we have all suggested over the years, it really was a thrill to finally see this project. And that's just a few times. <br /> <br /> You know things are shaky when the very first piece of text on the screen looks like home brew graphics. But then we start seeing new footage (superman - The Movie substitutes for the trial) and that first hesitation disappears. Hey, it's pretty neat! Things are good for these few quick moments until we see STM footage mixed with new effects for this project and not at all convinced. And from now on, it never gets up again. It is probably not right to judge a movie due to bad visual effects, but if it is allegedly the direct follow-up of a movie, whose tagline is "You Believe A Man Can Fly", it's hard to find anything appears on the screen here, believe. The best effects of this are from the original productions. <br /> <br /> Another problem with this overhaul. Much of it doesn't make sense. The only reason it really works is because we've all seen the movie version of Superman II, a movie that makes sense. Lester's Superman II fills the holes of this meeting. Part of this could be because Donner did not complete shooting, the other part could be because the makers of this project were planning to use as little Lester material as possible. What we end up is a compilation of footage that the Superman IV looks airtight and cohesive. <br /> <br /> After watching it, you get the feeling that while Lester was faithful and comfortable with the use of Donner material, Michael Thau and his team were extremely disrespectful of something filmed by Lester. The best scenes in The Donner Cut are those that are relatively unfit for the released version of Superman II. It includes the moon sequence and the dinner sequence, not ironically, both were filmed by Donner. But anything else from that movie filmed by Lester is so reasonably edited that it looks like Lester looks like a fist, nothing knows. While Lester honored the Donner material, Lester was thrown under the bus. <br /> <br /> So, is there something good in this issue? Well, Marlon Brando is in it, and it's neat to see. Immediately any of the material shot by Donner is neat, as it was filmed at the same time as Superman - The Movie. But it only highlights the problems of this issue. Any of the big scenes (actually only Lois jumps and scenes with Marlon Brando) would have served better than completed scenes in a scrapped stage section. Instead, their shoe audiences are in an indifferent story with inferior performances (many alternate tasks from familiar scenes are used) messy modifications and bad decisions. <br /> <br /> Watch the opening scene at the Daily Planet. Why are we looking at Jackie Cooper's back while looking for Lois and Clark? In the end why did we enter Lois into her dark apartment just to have it, followed by Jackie Cooper entering a dark bathroom and turning on the lights? I was initially confused about this because I expected to see Lois. The whole meeting is filled with questionable choices like this. <br /> <br /> Scenes are also a mess, without geography between cuts. It's just random action. Of course, the great action scenes shot by Lester and his material are only used as a bridge to the next set of Donner outtakes or substitutes. They had to use more of Lester's footage, but were probably too proud to admit it. <br /> <br /> The weakness also extends to the military missile. As mentioned elsewhere, the missile in The Donner Cut is named "XK 10" while we all know it's the "XK 101"! A blind man in STM knows this! The producers of this meeting, who tried so hard to honor the original film, dropped the ball less than five minutes and the error indicates the quality of the whole production. For all the alleged care put into it, the final product has a clumsy air that is inevitable. <br /> <br /> The whole issue is likely to be more easily consumed if Warner's is not a separate release here in the states. As it is, we are expected to pay for what is essentially a bonus disc of deleted scenes with an 'Play All' option. It's only worth it once, so we can finally see the legendary cuts, but after the initial performance I expect it to be an excellent magnet for dust and a little different. I know from my experience to see it, I had new respect for Lester's version. It is not perfect at all, but Lester realized the shortcomings that were in the screenplay, which was in bold print. He has managed to make a movie that has been entertaining for many years and will continue to do so, while this new recurrence will probably only be remembered as a footnote in the film history.
