OK, so I hear of this new Justin Timberlake movie that came out, with some big names. I mean big actors like, The Freeman aka Morgan Freeman, an asset to Hollywood, but totally wasted in this movie. Then we had Kevin Spacey, which I have been a big fan ever since I looked at American Beauty and The Usual Suspects. Both of these great actors probably drew the film and thought it would be a good movie as I did when I heard the story. Then fill in a fresh Justin Timberlake. I say fresh face because it's his first movie and those rotten tomatoes haven't hit him yet. Well, the reason for this, I can add, is because no one will ever see this movie or even bother reading this review. The movie is so awful that when I got in the first 15 minutes of the picture. The characters were so one-dimensional that it looked like some Bible characters like the Don Corleone. They have the one liners and the sound-bite worthy things. The token troubled black man (LL COOL J) who is with a beautiful woman he would not even hear in real life. The captain is this short, funny man talking in such a loud tone. And what crappy movie will be complete without the hero getting richer because of an experience. Oh and many firearms, I mean a lot. SPOILER (NOT !!!) The kind of firearm everyone leaves in the police force, which is suddenly dead and the hero rules. They have flame throwers and rocket launchers. Not really joking. <br /> <br /> Bottom line if you want to see Edison, because you're a big fan of one of the actors, or a big fan of Justin Timberlake, enjoying all the 13 year old girls out there !! I wish I had more hands, because then I would have more thumbs, because this movie is so terrible, because then I can put so many thumbs that the thumb no longer means, because this movie is so terrible because it sucks so bad that made me frustrate the story line because it just wouldn't end because the shooting and screaming just kept going. <br /> <br /> MAY G * D MUSSEL ON OUR ALL AND REASON US FROM THE DIFFERENT MOVIES. Well, it can be the worst, another RNB terrifying actor, the singer who's turned out to be a frightening actor, and he looks at the MIX lol, or even gets rich or dies. "Now the particular thing about that movie is that it has 30+ year-old men, 16 or even younger teens playing. I could continue this.
