I thought it was about the time I let this one go. Pokémon fans are suffering in America today. Why? Because we rely on Kids WB and 4Kids Entertainment to provide us with our beloved series and movies. Regarding the series, they do a pretty good job of bringing the fun and magic of Japanese versions to television. So what is their problem when it comes to movies? I honestly saw three Pokémon movies in Japanese and I will definitely see the fourth. They are excellent movies. They are all fun and fun to watch. And after watching Pokémon 2000 in theaters, I can't help but wonder how these American producers read Japanese scripts. As it seems, they seem to read and see something that says, "Place empty morals here" in large bold letters. It certainly seems the way they used the same great dubbing methods they used on MSB (extreme sarcasm there) and created this crap. <br /> <br /> * possible spoilers from here. <br /> <br /> Well, I think I should talk about Pikachu's rescue adventure first. My first grip on this one came no narrative. I think they have enough bad comments about the Pokédex narrative that Pikachu's Vacation had, and instead of seeing with a cautious, gentle voice like Pikachu, Natsu Yasumi and Pikachu Tankentai, they just cut the narrative . It wouldn't be a problem, except for one thing. Did anyone really understand why the Exegute Togepi didn't make it to the end? Maybe the fans, but I'm probably not the parents. Then there is the theme song. I can't help but roll my eyes on this one. The Japanese theme song was "Tankentai wo Tsukurou" and was sung by Japanese children. It was fun and enjoyable. This one: nauseous. Now, one of my favorite parts of the short was the dancing Kireihana. Nice music, fun to watch. This has changed with the Bellossom. The music sucked for one, but in addition they had all the Pokémon talks during the music, which was apparently spooky, annoying and just unnecessary. Oh, and then there's the Poliwhirl who thinks he's a Poliwrath. You will think that guys working with these characters will constantly learn what they are. Actually, not much this unfortunate dub can save, it's very unfortunate to consider its potential. But I haven't touched the worst yet. <br /> <br /> You would think the warning signs would have been clear to me when I received my Nintendo Power issue. For an incomprehensible reason I put some faith in 4Kids and the WB. My mind was good, they screwed onto the first movie, but the second is different as far as the theme goes, so they have to do well. "That thought I did not just pay attention to the warning signs I got in the theaters when the trailers said," You will believe one person can make the difference. " With the way they said I hope every turn won't be a moral festival like MSB did at the end of the English version. Then comes Nintendo Power, in which I realize all my fears in the words "the main function" The Power of One ". At that stage I became a little more uncomfortable. `The power of one?! "Not a good sign. However, I still liked my false faith. Big mistake. <br /> <br /> To sit in the theater, I literally got cramps to see another movie I loved in Japanese. I hear comments that say it was better because the morale was more subtle. I can see a point on it since they didn't leave this thing, repeat it over and over as in MSB. However, it did more harm than anything else in this movie. First, the legend read through has changed a bit to read: "The world is turning to Ash. 'Ah hah. So, Ash is the chosen one? Whatever. In the Japanese version, the residents of Arshia needed a Pokémon coach to perform their traditional ceremony. This time he is the chosen one. A bigger way it hurt was for Lugia. Lugia was one of the coolest characters in a Pokémon movie .... when the movie was about Lugia. In this one, Lugia is forced to take a seat to Ash. In the scene where they fly back to the main island, Lugia and Ash discuss the conditions of Lugia's existence, not that Ash will make the difference. Overall, in this category, Ash wasn't really the "one person" that would make the difference, as he helped a lot by the way. <br /> <br /> Many of the other things are a kind of picking. Furura's flute song was not nearly as sweet and pleasant as the Japanese. Jirarudan's speech to them said his collection "started with a Mew card? 'Ugh. Worse still, Misty's outrage was initially worried about how Moltres and Zapdos are being held. "Why didn't you put it in Pokéballs when you caught them? It's like letting them show up. "Totally different from thinking about him, think Pokémon are things that need to be collected like stamps. If there were real depreciation values ​​in it, they came from Team Rocket. Some nice funny lines. Not really to make me laugh out loud but more to let me giggle and ease the pain in my stomach Well, it was officially the last American Pokémon movie I was going to see, I introduced the third one and found it very enjoyable. See another Japanese movie being destroyed in the same way as the first two, I will also import the fourth one, forget about you, Kids WB and 4Kids, you left me for the last time.
