Hollywood's deceived obsession with persecutors led to more misfires than hits. For every "Godfather II" there are dozens of "More American Graffiti's," "Stayin 'Alives," and "Grease 2's." While the original "Smear" is not a good movie, the 1977 adaptation of the long-running Broadway hit songs from the 1960s, energetic choreography and an attractive movie. When Paramount started working on a sequel, the producers almost became empty on every aspect that made the original a blockbuster. <br /> <br /> Fortunately for filmmakers, Michelle Pfeiffer survived this experience and learned to read scripts. sign contracts. Her talent and beauty were evident in this, and Pfeiffer seems to be embarrassed by the humiliating dance routines and voiceless songs she is forced to perform. However, Maxwell Caulfield does not have the ability to express embarrassment, and his emotions leave the spectrum from numb to catatonic. What romantic interest, except hormones, can have the cool bad Pfeiffer in the deadly Caulfield? The dull mystery will be long after the ridiculous luau final fades into a bad memory. Only comos by veterans such as Eve Arden, Connie Stevens and Sid Caesar have any whites, but Lorna Air slightly rises above the lame. <br /> <br /> Reviewers have complained that "Lubricate 2" always Compared to the original, the film is missing. But even on its own terms, the movie is a clunker. After a frenetic opening number, which apparently exhausted the entire throw, the energy disappears. With a few exceptions, the original songs seem tiny to the early 1960s, and the only nostalgia that is raised is "Our Miss Brooks" and "Sid Caesar's Comedy Hour." The jokes fall flat and the choreography in a movie directed by choreographer Patricia Birch is awkward to be polite. However, worse films are dedicated to audiences, and ceaseless prosecutions will be made as long as producers try to milk a quick buck from the repetition of blockbusters. Unfortunately, "Grease 2" is not even unintentionally funny. Instead, the film keeps the viewer's attention like a bad train wreck. Only when all the bodies appear to have been restored the next scene in even worse bloodshed.
