Well, at least my theater group did, lol. So, of course, I remember as I was a girl, while I had never been my favorite music or story, it still kept a little special place in my heart, as it is still a lot of fun to watch. I heard terrible things about Smear 2 and so I decided to never see it, but my boyfriend said it really wasn't that bad and my friend agreed. So I decided to shoot it, but I called them and just laughed. First, the plot was completely stolen from the first one and it wasn't really smart, not to mention, they just used the same characters but with different names and actors. Tell me how did the Pink Ladies and T-Birds continue after the former gangs left? Not to mention the creative face motorcycle enemy, giving a striking resemblance to the guys in the first movie as well as those T-birds was just stupid and ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Another year at Rydell and the music and dance didn't stop. But when a new student coming to Sandy's cousin is in love with a pink lady, Stephanie. But she should stick to the code where only Pink Ladies should stay with the T-Birds, so the new student decides to train as a T-Bird to win her heart. He then dressed up as a rebel motorcycle bandit who could ride well and defeat the evil bikers to kick the T-Bird's kicks easily. But will he tell Stephanie who he really is or will she find out about her own? Well find yourself out. <br /> <br /> Grease 2 is like a silly TV show of some kind that didn't work. The gang didn't click as well as the first Grease to speak. Frenchy comes back, was a little stupid and incredible, because I thought she'd graduated from Rydell, but apparently she didn't. The songs weren't really that exciting; I'm glad Michelle could jump back so fast, but that's probably because she was the only one with talent in this crazy little sequel. I wouldn't really recommend this movie unless you're curious, but I warned. You, this is just a pathetic effort to get more money from the well-known musical. <br /> <br /> 2/10
