Steven Seagal, Mr. Personality itself, this time is the United States' biggest Stealth pilot who promised a military pardon. He tried to swing his memory at the beginning of the movie for which he had escaped. A gang of robbers interrupted a shooting at a petrol station) if he could successfully invade a northern Afghan terrorist base by a group called Black Sunday, who ordered an air force fighter. betrayed. Along with a co-pilot who admired traitor Jannick (Mark Bazeley), John Sands (Seagal) will fly into the enemy's territory. He gets help from his Arab lover, Jessica (Ciera Payton) and a freedom fighter, Rojar (Alki David). they are on the ground. Jannick is kidnapped by Black Sunday leaders, Stone (Vincenzo Nicoli) and his female coach, Eliana (Katie Jones), and Sands needs to find out how to take not only the kidnapped stealth warrior commander, but also him. ed. And maybe Sands can get revenge on the traitor he trained, rather (Steve Toussaint) in the process. Sands has 72 hours until a general's naval pilots are bombarding the entire area. On board the stealth, Black equipped a biochemical bomb on Sunday, hoping to explode on the United States. <br /> <br /> Seagal gets a chance to shoot Afghans if he doesn't cut their throat with knives. The movie is mostly machine guns that kill fire and bodies. The institution of Afghanistan does not stop investigating (nor how easy Seagal and fellow can move across the uninhabited area so easily) and the plot itself is nothing to write home about. The movie is changing quickly, the camera is a bit too rough. Seagal is not as active as a hero he has ever been and his action scenes have been firmly edited where we see the difficult time to take out his enemies, unlike the good old days. One of Seagal's worst efforts, and he is as underestimated as ever (not a compliment). Even more disappointing is the fact that Seagal never fights to fight the movie's main corks, it's a shame. He doesn't even cut a wrist or cut a neck in any visible way (.. sure we see a parable of a tool to throw around, but it's not as clear a picture as I enjoy, because the filmmakers have such a quick change and dizzying close-ups.
