Following the terrible attack force was the chance that Seagal could just have a step in the sky. To stink Attack Force would do a little. Flight of anger is a noticeable improvement in general, but still in the great scheme of thought, mediocre. Mediocrity is apparently an achievement for Seagal these days, a sad insight into the deterioration of his film career. Where Attack Force is a hodge-podge of plot lines changed drastically from conception, to filming, to production, Flight Of Fury keeps the plot line easier. Someone steals a high-tech stealth warrior, plans to use it to fire chemical weapons (which we later discover, weirdly, will destroy the whole world in 48 hours). Seagal must get the plane back. It's so simple, no annoying sub-plots, and conspiracies that deviate the movie as much from its recent works. It's not to say suddenly the storytelling is good, but it's pretty poor. For example, the introduction to his characters is badly done. <br /> <br /> In filmic terms, FOF is bad. It is being acted upon by everyone involved, and Seagal looks almost tears. He had only the appearance of a toddler who was forced to carry out schooling against his will, and so with a constant grim and air of half-assedness. Can we blame Seagal even though the material is so ambitious and ruthless? Not really. This is the final film of his Castel Studio's multi-photo deal. The producers can't be bothered to do anything good, with the promise of a budget of 12 or so million dollars, and (after Seagal's mandatory 5 million) it will probably be a nice piece of themselves (As the movie for the remaining 7 million are made, then I am Elvis Pressley!). Therefore, Seagal has to bother with a film that has already been distributed before it has been sorted. However, Fan's can argue, at least he owes them the trouble. He looks seriously, and the continued use of stand-ins and dub-overs is further indication of this. Michael Keusch leads with some efficiency, while cinematography is very good, but in all technical areas (and as usual with Castel, a standard stunt team) nothing more than mediocrity, and nothing to help the movie rises above his material. bored front man. Again, there are some action scenes that focus on characters other than Seagal, who do not really want to see us. <br /> <br /> Overall, the action is not bad. It is nice and violent, and sometimes we are treated with some vintage Seagal beats, but nothing else. Partly due to a poor stunt crew, and the lack of time to make something too complex or exciting. For me, Shadow Man was a more enjoyable movie because, while ignoring the incoherent, turbulent plot line, there were more vintage Seagal moments, and more of him in the middle stage. He never disappeared in the film for a long time. Seagal disappears bitterly during one action scene here, and appears later, with little explanation. There is too much stock used. The use of stockpiles is not very terrible, but to use it as a stool. We are treated with countless creations of naval ships, all the time being annoying. Plus the continuity of inventory is all over the place (just look at the background, cut and change). <br /> <br /> The movie is just out of the way. It says everything the movie is the best scene, is a completely unnecessary and free girl play girl with two hot chicks. Seagal also briefly briefly! Overall, this could be one of the better stock-taking actions, but it doesn't say much at all. It will please many fans, but they have to keep in mind, Seagal itself will probably want to forget this one's existence. **
