Flight of anger begins like genl. Tom Barnes (Angus MacInnes) is organizing an unofficial X-77 test flight, a new stealth fighter with the ability to literally turn invisible. General Barnes gives his top pilot Colonel Ratcher (Steve Toussaint) the work and everything goes well until the X-77 disappears, even more literally than Barnes wanted, as Ratcher flies it to northern Afghanistan and is known to a terrorist group as the Black Sunday led by Peter Stone (Vincenzo Nicoli) who intends to use the X-77 to discover American airspace and drop some bombs that will kill many people. General Barnes is worried about losing his plane and sending in one man army John Sands (co-author and executive producer Steven Seagal) to get it back and kill all the bad parents in the process ... <br / > <br /> This American, British and Romanian co-production was directed by Michael Keusch and was the third film in which he directed Seagal to the equally terrible Shadow Man (2006) & Attack Force (2007). Fortunately, someone has decided that the partnership is not working and an unsuspecting public is gratefully spared all the further cooperation between the two. Apparently Flight of Fury is an almost scene-by-word repetition of Black Thunder (1988) with Michael Dudikoff, with much of the same character who even shares the same name, so that exactly the same dialogue can be used without even the creators. change names, although I have to admit that I have never seen Black Thunder and therefore cannot compare the two. Flight of Fury is a horrible movie, the badly made and written time stamp that Seagal is currently specializing. It's boring, though it's not that slow, the character is poor, it's full of cliché, things happen randomly, the plot is poor, the reasoning behind the events is nothing, and it's a very lazy production overall, since never convince the viewer. that they are anywhere near Afghanistan or that proper military procedures are followed. The action scenes are lame and there is no real excitement in it, the villains are boring like the heroes and it's made right there with the worst Seagal. <br /> <br /> Flight of anger resembles largely the material that does not even match well, the wallpaper can change, people's clothes change, the area changes, the air and the quality of the film suddenly change. because it's all too obvious, we look at the cuts of other (better) movies split. Hell, Seagal never goes near a plane here. The action scenes made up of shoot-outs so badly edited are hard to tell who is who and of course Seagal breaks people's arms. The whole production feels very cheap and rude. <br /> <br /> The IMDb believes it has a budget of about $ 12 million that I think total waste is, I mean, where is it all where the money goes? Although it is in Afghanistan that is a war-torn desert, the flight of anger as it is filmed in my local forest becomes. It is actually shot in Romania and the Roman and English countryside do not make a convincing Afghanistan. The play is terrible as one would expect. Seagal is bought again. <br /> <br /> Flight of Fury is a horrible action movie that is boring, amateurish and anyway an almost play. Another very lazy and poorly crafted action thriller from Seagal, why do I bother even more?
