It said, "a city on the hill can't hide it" and Virginia City, Nevada, on the side of the Mt. Davidson at 6200 ft. West of Tahoe is an excellent example or should be in the context of the movie. Virginia City explodes into the American dream as a shower of gold and silver, presumably the same year the Civil War began. It was the birthplace of the dean of American letters; This was where a young reporter named Samuel Clemens began to use the name "Mark Twain" and became America's best-known author. It was also the birthplace of the great Hearst fortune, and the launch pad of John Mackay, who became America's richest man, the third richest man in the world. Hey, they had to make the movie about him! In the 1860s, Virginia CIty was the boomtown of all boomtowns, home to the great bonanza, at one time the largest "metropolitan" area west of St Louis and east of San Francisco. But Virginia City (the movie) misses it all and goes more about a hogwash North / South duel between the characters Errol Flynn and Randolph Scott played. Flynn is Capt. Kerry Bradford, a union officer who manages a POW in a concentration camp by an average Confederate commander called Capt. Vance Irby, played by Scott. These two always come in each other's direction. Bradford escapes and then tries to stop a dispatch of gold bullion by another person as a "snuck" from VC. . . Irby! "Hey, what is he doing here?" Horrible. Bogart plays a lazy Mexican bandit who can't decide who's his side. Miriam Hopkins plays a dark character called "Julia Hayne", of course a historic lunge at the town's first wife, Julia Bulette, who is a celebrated prostitute in real life. She goes to Washington and talks honest Abe about the salvation of BRADFORD (not Irby) of hang and blah blah blah. Go figure. They must have hung the writer. Twain reported in "real life" that the rising sun on the last day of the War was the American flag on Mt. Davidson appeared to the wonderfully resident people to burn strangely, like the movie. Three days later they discovered that the Southern Cape was capitulating on that day. An interesting idea in the movie is how sidekicks Alan Hale and Guin Williams beat their pistols forward when they shoot, like they are fishing, or try to make the bullets faster. Not a bad idea for the movie. The same kind of goofiness is painted over the juice and wheat over the whole movie. Gosh, how can they miss the golden madness, riotous wealth, gunfights in the silver mines, Mark Twain to run out of town and save after a revelation, the winding railway, the Opera House fire, Artemis Ward, Bulette's great funeral, the Chinese pliers, the black salons, the auction. . ? All this high on a mountain surrounded by desert? The truth was unreal. Did his wonderful wealth actually capture the great American holocaust? Well, if you count this movie, it won't be the first debacle to come from Virginia City. It's a disappointment to Virginia City supporters because it misses what the town has made an "illusion city" where it is said that evil is going out of the ground. . . Okay, otherwise it's a fun movie. Flynn and the gang are always great no matter what history they destroy. If Flynn were to play his rotten self, I would double my rating.
