Quite ridiculous. If you know something about poker, you will find it absolutely terrible, but also entertaining, because it is so clueless. The nerd that made this movie is, of course, very religious and knows a little about the game of poker, but I doubt he has ever played 3-6. (I think he doesn't know anything about golf either.) Where to start. I saw better productions in the Intro to Film class. I took the first years of the film school. The actors to watch this movie are Queen Momma, Scotty Nguyen, and the loser who can never win at poker. Everyone else is like wood as they come, like bad porn actors. <br /> <br /> * Spoiler * The man who starts the movie in the opening order is the only reason why the movie was made. He is a raven who doesn't play poker and never has a dialogue, but the actor is the man who obviously paid for the movie. I can't think of a more useless waste of money than that man who is leaping for this useless production. It was fitting that he had such a useless role. <br /> <br /> There is very little poker in this movie. Most of the time is spent on useless side characters whose plots are not solved in the slightest. Queen Momma does have a stage-setting scene where she throws her in-love boyfriend through a window and tries to shoot his brain. Also, the nameless Arabs in the convenience store also give brilliant performances when debating to kill or kill an older lady who robs them. Their subtle performances are easy under the highlights of the movie. It makes you wonder why they are bothering to lead all these white people. <br /> <br /> Finally, complete nonsense. Plan 9 from outer space has a little more coherence. If you play poker, you might want a laugh. Even if you are a Christian, you can enjoy the grave religious conversation that the movie like seedless pepper pepper. I hate movies made by religious people. Especially those who think they know something about things they know nothing about. It's sad that Jennifer Harman and Scotty Nguyen got involved with this travesty because I can't help but think less about them. They have to be jealous of Johnny Chan to get to Rounders.
