Let's see the world of this movie for a second, so you can better understand what kind of movie we are dealing with here. <br /> <br /> Edison is one of those really silly movies where the bad guy and his goons let loose 50,000 dots at the good guy behind walls and pillars, they scream and then eventually face the good guy to face and instead of killing him ...... instead of wasting the man who caused you SO very sad .... instead of just walking up and POP! ..... What are you doing? The bad guy ..... he's talking to him. He grabs the good man and talks to him as he holds his gun. They have nothing to talk about! SHOOT HIM! SHOE HOM NOW! But he speaks to him anyway. Oh, another thing. In the end, a newspaper "PULITZER PRIZE WINNER STORY RIGHT LORD" or something right at the top of a newspaper cover, when it was first printed on the story. So how did someone in the heezy win a Pulitzer so fast? Yes, you know those kinds of silly movies? Well, that's Edison in a nutshell. <br /> <br /> You get Mr. Morgan Freeman and Kevin Spacey, the crook-eyed, both calling in their roles, LL Cool J who literally screams every moment of the movie while proposing to put his girlfriend in a damn nightclub of all places, and who's Last line, "Duck", was something like a deadly film never made. And Justin Timberlake blows and mocks every time he speaks, small, cocky bastard. The only bright spot was a crazy Dylan McDermott who did his best "Denzel of Training Day" impression, which was quite entertaining. <br /> <br /> Oh, yes, how about the movie? Eh, something about scandals involving the city of Edison's fictitious special unit police, called "FRAT (I swear I'm not doing these things) that was supposed to be a clear play of SWAT. Anyway, a small journalist super singer Justin Timberflake smells something dirty after a murder with 2 shelves of FRAT, and he is looking for a story and gets his boss (Freeman) on the move while they both unravel something bigger and sinister than they both thought. blah It is like a bootleg pelican short coming on a half-day practice day, the rhythm was slow and down, the script was terrible, and the play was extremely uninspired, it jumped everywhere without going anywhere Everybody in this movie just didn't think about Damn being a stupid movie, it would be harder to write any kind of review about it because the movie ended my brain the second that ended it ... No lie. , you don't waste your time not
