They have to explain this plot to all wannabe filmmakers arriving at the Hollywood bus station. They then fill in the spaces and put their story in any gate or urban ghetto they just arrived at. You know exactly what this movie is about, the opening shot, four young boys playing in grainy slow motion, accompanied by voice over narration. Next stop after the bus station needs to buy stock images of four young boys playing in grainy slow motion. Once grown, it's easy to see the author / director among the four. He is the silent, contemplative, long-haired one who has never been seen without his compilation book put in his pants. That means his beautiful writing talent will be his Hickville ticket to Hollywood. Only there is no writing, or the designation of talent here on the screen. And if you still can't figure out which one he is, it's a hint: The author and his character have the same middle name. It took more than an hour to find out that these twenty-something men were supposed to be still in high school. What looks like a jail was apparently a high school, and the officer was the principal. The poor, incomprehensible rebel can all hit the pavement, murder and looting again, but is powerless to meet his alcoholic father. How about beating back, kid, as you all do? Many fist fights for no obvious purpose. Higher bad dialogue. Many scenes are poorly focused. Cartoon characters stop as little players and extras, drawing incessant beliefs from the premiere. Overcoming in the extreme. And if you don't get the self-addressed speeches, or the slow scenes, just listen to the remaining music. It will inform you and what you are supposed to feel. Poor Marisa Ryan has to pick up many regular pilot miles while working across the country in these amateur movies. The biggest sin is that the audience is supposed to feel sympathy for children who shoot old ladies, puppies tied to a tree, rob and steal, complaining about their sad, sad life. But if we could just get out of this stone town and go to college. Yes, it's the ticket. Why is it that every twenty filmmaker believes that his life is so important so far, so interesting that the world can't wait to see it on the screen? If this movie looks so autobiographical as it looks, then the author looks better over his shoulder for police officers who carry fleeting guarantees.
