When Sam Peckinpah's superlative THE WILD BUNCH (1969) opened the door to outrageous exhibits of graphic film ultra-violence, with a talented (as whiskey-marinated) hand, it led the camera and had a compelling story with characters that had real depth, but at a short time there were many mimics that were far from the criterion of Peckinpah's epic case, and SOLDIER BLUE certainly falls into that category. <br /> <br /> SOLDIER BLEW, BLUE tells the story of filth New Yorker Cresta Lee (Candice Bergen), a blonde proto-hippie chick who is saved from two years of "captivity" under the Cheyenne and now sent to a fort where she will be reunited with her fiance. wants to get married for his money. Also aboard the wagon in which she travels is a variety of state gold, and the Cheyenne must buy guns. In short, the soldiers are wiped out and Cresta flies to the hills, accompanied by Honus Gant (Peter Strauss), the lonely surviving cavalry. Gant's call through the snarky nickname "Soldier Blue", Cresta shows that her years were spent under the "cruelty" time, which Gant survives in survival skills, common sense and mere balls and about their journey to the fort must persevere. a bond of hostile Kiowa, an unscrupulous dealer? played by Donald Pleasance, here's one of his most ridiculous performances, and that's something? and in the tradition of many previous Western series romantic comedies, each other. <br /> <br /> In the course of their misadventures, are the two opposite inevitable? and predictable ?? attracted to each other and ultimately get it up? while Gant has a freshly treated bullet wound that was clean through his leg, no less ?? in what was surely the only conveniently located cave for at least a twelve mile radius that was not filled with rattlesnakes, mountain lions, or who knows what to say nothing of the Cheyenne, which could do something that was really so spooky? apartment (there I go, think again in NYC real estate terms). <br /> <br /> To realize that their love can never flourish outside the cave, Cresta Gant leaves and alone at the fort just to discover that the moron in control won't save a few men, so they can save Gant; the regiment needs all available personnel to start an attack on the nearby Cheyenne town, and as soon as Cresta gets it, she skips her silly mysterious male and makes a line line straight to the Cheyenne to warn them of what is coming . <br /> <br /> What happens next is what the movie received from his movie; It seems that all the crazy misadventures and squabbling were all a head start to a horrific reenactment of the 1864 Sand Creek Massacre, an orgy of rape, torture and general sadistic evil that was committed to keeping the country clean. And nearly forty years after his release, this row still disturbs his own cruelty. Children are trampled under the hooves of loading horses or tied to bayonets, unarmed people being beheaded ?? a good effect, I must admit ?? women are stripped and bound by gangs of slave brutes, then raped and mutilated ?? In a really sickly case, a naked indigenous woman puts too much of a fight, so her rapist decides instead of cutting off her breasts, which we fortunately only see the beginning of before the camera on another horrible act going to chronicle? and scores of innocent people are shot and disinfected, their companion parts are tied to pikes and swung in the victorious celebration or held as the most beautiful of souvenirs. No joke, this scene will immediately get an NC-17 rating if released today, to say nothing of invasive Native American interest groups to street riots over the incredible exploitation of the atrocities. <br /> <br /> I'm all in favor of Westerners who aren't ashamed of honest portrayals of how the West has been won or stolen when the truth is told, but this movie has no idea what kind of movie it wants to be not; one minute it is a heavy-handed pseudo-hippie lecture on how the treatment of the natives has completely contracted (well DUH!), then it is a light fight of the sex farce in which Cresta proved her five times the man Gant is and manage to look warm in her nice red calico poncho (without any parts), but it all goes out of the window when Donald Pleasance appears with an unintentional (?) hilarious pair of curved dentures and our heroes need to find out how to escape from his murderous clutches in a subplot that goes nowhere, all leading to the aforementioned apocalyptic climax. Any one of the buttons would have been good for a cohesive film, but the end result is a slapdash debris that mingled the horrors of the last ten minutes for everything they were worth in the film's promotional and poster images. <br /> <br /> But by trying to make everything happen to all audiences, SOLDIER BLUE ends as an incoherent, beautiful Mulligan stew of supposedly well-meaning political correctness, but if they tell the story of the Sand Creek Massacre, wouldn't it have been a good idea to have some Indian characters who just walk-us with Murphy Brown as their mouthpiece? We learn absolutely nothing about the people just wiped out, as it seems to be a clash for gorehound moviegoers to see the "most popular movie in history." If you, like me, were affected by the provocative advertisements and reviews that pour virtually endless praise for it, because it is "daring to tell it as it was," take my word for it and let SOLDIER BLUE slowly fade into the role of the film.
