Although I didn't have an earthly idea of ​​what to expect from this movie, it certainly wasn't like hell I had in mind, anything that came to mind. Only when I heard of his existence was everything I knew I had to own a movie, so please do not eat the babies. Unfortunately, I could only find a copy under his alternative title, Island Fury. Looking back, I think I can call it a loss loss situation. On the one hand I am not yet known as the guy who owns a movie, please kindly, do not eat the babies, and on the other hand, Island Fury would eventually reveal himself as a terrible, senseless, boring, insoluble piece of garbage . Yes, definitely lost-lost. <br /> <br /> I'm not even sure which genre they go here. Just early 80's bad, with a backlash that can actually be longer than the non-flashback. First, two teenage girls are chased by two bad guys, once caught, the bad guys bring to our attention that one of the girls has a coin on a rope, around her neck, and somehow these bad guys know a lot more of these coins are hidden somewhere on an island. And that's where things start getting strange, somehow the guys know about a trip that the girls took years to an island when they were just 10. I think it's supposed to think the girls should know exactly where this alleged treasure is. So, now, we're in the past while the girls are trying to pull their stairs back, so these bad guys don't kill them, though, I wouldn't have thought if they had. In the jump-off, the ten-year-olds are on a boat trip with their sisters and sisters' boyfriends, who eventually stop on an air island, mix them with a baby and his killer grandparents. Any potential tension or reason to continue watching never occurs, but the setback was undoubtedly better than the present, which still doesn't say much. <br /> <br /> For a while I forgot about the original story. At one point I thought maybe the director too, and when the jump back ended, it would be the end that worked for me, as this disappointment would be half an hour shorter. This senseless movie within a senseless movie finally ends, and real things happen, but it's stupid. I think I didn't exactly expect a movie to be filled with babies being eaten, or something, but I expected a bit of entertaining B entertainment, mostly just a confusing, dishonest story, to be unclear about his genre. My advice would be for something worthwhile, such as the Animal Attack. As someone, I would only recommend this one to serious B-movie collectors they should all have, anyone who is interested is likely to have brain damage. What really gets me is that I have no idea why they call it. Please do not eat the babies. 10/03
