If a book of a book seems meaningless and incomprehensible, the cause can always be found in the book. Whether it was pointless to start, or the point is one that cannot be easily transferred, or the movie has missed the point, what is most of these results, and easiest to happen, especially when the point one that is not easily defined. The book "Morvern Callar" has a point; every reader of the book should have felt it and felt as if he had found it; but I suspect most of them could not put it in words. I'm not sure I can't, but maybe it comes here or something like that: Things come, things go, so is life, but we go on; or at least some of us - people like Morvern - do. It is undoubtedly that a more erudite critic can set a more adequate definition. But the important fact is that there is a point - possibly the sum of the whole story is the point - and that would be the most important thing to keep in the show and to adjust the story to film. The creator of this movie apparently missed the point and did not replace one of her own; and so the movie is nothing. <br /> <br /> It's not the usual complaint of a book lover that his favorite text has been violated. The merit of the book is something I reluctantly admit. In reading it, I found it a bloody nuisance, and an opportunity to kick the writer in and get him to complete the job properly. The story is supposed to be the work of the half-educated Morvern, but the illusion is constantly being driven by a dozen different types of literary effect, as if the writer had picked her with her pen; there are contradictions of style and tone, as if different sections were composed at different times; And any conclusions I could reach about Morvern had to stay provisional, because it was uncertain what implications the author planned and what he didn't do: for example, despite Morvern's own self-characterization as a raver, I'm wrong that she eventually essentially a working class shotgun, and under her packing of music, not so different from that of generations past? Anyway, despite my annoyance with the author, I couldn't deny that his book was holding me; and what I couldn't get out of my mind was the character of his character, her corner on the world, which was almost as sharp as a Goya portrait. Morvern is the kind of person who always meets situations at once, rather tough and rather horrible; Sometimes they invite them, but more often they land on her, like flies, so that much of her life consists of a kind of gauche, but graceful impact, unconsciously practical and subconsciously philosophical - and it does not describe idiosyncratic enough. The complex of incidents and of Morvern's responses to them is the contents of the book, and reaching them, exposing a cross-section of existence, will be difficult to relieve otherwise; For all my aversion to the book, I can see it. <br /> <br /> The Morvern just described is not the Morvern of the movie; or if it is, most of it is shielded from it. An actor who might be well-suited to the character, she was at the right time at the right time, is Angharad Rees, of the old TV series "Poldark". Samantha Morton seems to be good: she is the same kind of actress, and in one of her previous films, Jesus' son, she played a girl who could be changed with some adjustments in this one. Unfortunately, as the film turned out, she didn't have the character to play in the book. For one thing, the book is one that, if dramatized, exclaims virtually for monologues by the main character for the audience; without her comment, her perspective, her voice, the story loses most of its meaning. This has disappeared more because the adapter has ignored it from its comical and horrible elements: the most memorable incidents in the book are shortened before they become grumpy. And so Morvern's answers (or entertainment or deviation depending on her mood) are also lacking, and the incidents no longer have a reason to be in the story. In short, the filmmaker chose for some reason to make a lively, crazy serio-comic novel in a sophisticated art-TV movie and as a typical image decided to become one of me. Morton to fade into an artistic harmful melancholy; as if the excursion Morvern had recorded was a tour of the Cross Stations. It's not about the book or the Morvern of the book at all. For another thing, the Morvern of the movie isn't Scottish (the actress said in an interview she didn't have time to study the accent) and she should be: it's important that she, her family and her friends are all in one place. And finally the movie misses the end of the story: Morvern spends everything she has and comes to icy darkness: it's winter, the dam has frozen, the power has gone out and the bar is dark. Minus it, and minus the rest, which is left there, is a failed art film, a dead movie, about a subject whose power lies exactly in its refusal or indigenous inability to ever give up to be dead.
