This show is a perfect example of how the CBC should stick to news, sports or satirical sketching. As a developer of situation comedy, the CBC has shown that it can combine King or Kensington's pizazz with "The Beachcombers". It's an embarrassment for big shows like "Kids in the Hall" and "Second City" that they have to share their comic roots with this lamp production. <br /> <br /> I have to admit I didn't give this show much of a chance from when I first heard of its concept. To begin, half of the concept is a direct attempt to tear off one of the few sitcom successes in English-Canadian "Corner Gas". The rest of the concept - the cultural collision - is far from original and is too often used as a crutch for screen writing. Choosing the Muslim religion as the basis for the characters "fish out of water" seems a desperate attempt to be "edgy" and "topical," but comes down as forced. Some of the jokes based on the local reaction to the newcomers are a conflicting and profound insult to the intelligence of everyone involved, especially the audience. <br /> <br /> This show is a perfect example of how CBC doesn't "get it" when it comes to creating Canadian content, especially when Canada is presented as a multicultural environment. Cultural diversity in Canada does not have to be presented in such a heavy and forced manner. It will be a refreshing change to see CBC suggesting diversity in a television program without making the show all about diversity. I doubt CBC has enough sitcom talent to subtract something so subtly. A comparison can be made with the way in which diversity in Angle gas is depicted, viz. The indigenous characters are not segregated according to their ethnicity, nor are their heritage used to generate story lines. More realistically, their lives and other characters live in a way that makes ethnicity no more meaningful than any of their other personal attributes. <br /> <br /> It is said even if a formal fish-out-of-water comedy fails this show. The play is poor, the cartoon on the map, and the story site I saw was too far beyond the belief of faith, even for a comedy. The only saving grace is the talented Derek McGrath, who is terribly wasted here. I doubt even adding guest stars (Colin Mochrie, for example, as an Anglican archbishop) can save this dog. I decided to give the show a chance as soon as the CBC's "hype" died; but two episodes were all I could stand - I could almost feel my braincells dropping themselves with every failed punchline. The time slot will be better served by more Coronation Street, Air Farce re-runs or Dr. Who to air. Even an infomercial would be an improvement.
