Or "Marlowe by the sea". Another ridiculously exaggerated old movie with Bogey. Totally talky too. Bogey basically plays the same character as in the Marlow films; always in control of a situation that is never nervous - no matter how dangerous a situation is, call women "slim" and "ladies" and other such nonsense, is the only "real man", that is, alpha -man in the movie (the only other alpha-man The man is the head of Gestapo - but he's just a fat-alpha-male man), and of course - every handsome young woman coming his way can't charm her resist and want his penis within hours of their initial introduction. The character clichés are all here. Bogey is supposed to be the same kind of cynic-about-to-reform as in Casablanca, and of course he often refuses money or other valuable items when offered - but how does it fit in with the tough cynic in him? It can't, so he can't be cynical; Hawke wanted both ways: a character that is both the "cool oneone cynic" and yet a well-meaning humanitarian. I do not think so. Bacall does her first non-chaotic "cool babe" routine for the first time, and there are many overstated, not too interesting, so-called "sexual innuendo" exchanges between her and Bogey. These dialogues sound stupid by today's standards. "Just do your lips and whistle ...". A clumsy shit ... She was 19 when it was made, but looks much older and is much less attractive than the female stars of the day. Her bony face, with its sharp features, is nowhere near the radiance of the female beauty of a de Havilland, the gift of a Myrna Loy, let alone the equivalence of an Irene Dunne. Bacall was more suited to playing vampires, not femme-fatals. (In real life she is very much like her face: a Hollywood bitch.) There is a scene in which Bacall breaks into tears; very unsuitable for her character. There are two or three bad musical numbers - but my prosperity button is right. <br /> <br /> If you are interested in reading my "biographies" of Bogart, Bacall, Huston and other Hollywood personalities, please email me.
