At the beginning of the movie you can double the DVD cover and read the synopsis a few times, but no worries. It's not "Memoirs of a Geisha" you bought; just a movie with an intro that is much more stylish and stylish than it is right to be. Yet the opening is by far the best aspect of the whole movie, as it shows how in the year 1840 a Samurai sword master catches his wife who commits adultery. He decapitates the two lovers before he does some hara-kiri (ritual suicide by disembowelment). Cut to date, when the American ambassador to Japan welcomed a friendly family and brought them to the same home where the aforementioned massacre occurred almost one and a half centuries ago. From then on, it becomes a seemingly routine haunted house ghost, but the extremely delayed and impeccable writing makes it quite exceptional. Let's start with the good things, namely the original Japanese institution and the presence of the glorious Susan George, who is my overall favorite British horrorwench. Well, along with Britt Eckland, Linda Hayden and Ingrid Pitt. The bad aspects simply include the fact that the script is incoherent, irreparably irreparable and full of so-called disturbing twists and turns that just laugh. The restless spirits of the house begin to entertain themselves by committing themselves to the bodies of the new tenants and letting them do and say all kinds of crazy things. The spirit of the murdered adulterous woman enjoys especially in Susan's surprising booty and pushes her into a furious seducer! In this "possession" state, she even evokes the American ambassador outside to have sex in the garden of a high-society dinner party full of prominent guests. So, strictly speaking, it's not really "evil" living in the house; just a trio of funny spirits with dirty thoughts and far too much free time on their long dead hands! Obviously, these scenes are more comical than scary, especially since the light blue and transparent shapes remind you of the cute ghost effects later made in "Ghostbusters". "The house where evil lives" is probably the least scary ghost movie ever. For the most part of the run you will wonder if director Kevin Connor (who made the excellent horror movies "Motel Hell" and "From Beyond the Grave" deliberately) wanted her movie to be funny and over, "Motel Hell, maybe. But again, everyone in the role-player continues to speak his / her lines with a straight and upright face, so I think we're supposed to take everything seriously and feel upset. "The house where evil lives" is never exciting or even exciting exciting and does not even contain a Greek image, except the carnage at the beginning. I am fully aware of how level it sounds, but the two screens in which Susan George goes topless are the only true highlights. Well, the and perhaps also the invasion of cheesy and ridiculous excessive spiders (or are they crabs?) In the daughter's bedroom. How completely random and irrelevant was it? If you ever decide to give this movie a chance, in spite of its bad reputation, make sure you put your common sense and reasoning at the threshold. <br /> <br /> Trivia note for horror buffs: keep an eye out for the devil's mask that was also a turning point in the brilliant Japanese horror-classic Onibaba.
