The film is opened with a peaceful shot of a traditional Japanese house, complete with thatched roof that sits on the side of a small hill and appears on the screen that reads "KUSHIATA KYOTO, JAPAN 1840". A young Japanese pupil Samurai, called Masanori (Toshiya Maruyama), walks the winding road to the house. Wait inside Otami (Mako Hattori) with whom he has a relationship with her husband, Shugoro's (Tsuiyuki Sasaki and Toshiyuki Sasaki). be Masanori's teacher. Shugoro comes home unexpectedly to find that his wife and student have many intimate relationships with each other. His honor destroyed the raging Samurai, killing Otami and Masanori before committing suicide. More than a century later, Ted Fletcher (Edward Albert) arrives in Japan on a working holiday with his wife, Laura (Susan George) and their young daughter Amy (Amy Barrett). Their good friend, Alex Curtis (Doug McClure), working for the US Consulate, helps them get them to stay, you don't need me for you! He says jokes that it's going so cheaply because it's haunting, to which Ted and Laura laughed, because of course they don't believe in ghosts, at least for the time being. Almost immediately the film goes into cliché. Light turns itself up and down, Laura has an uncomfortable feel about the place and a local Zen Monk (Henry Mitowa) gives them an ominous warning that they must leave before it is too late to ignore them. The spirits of Otami, Masanori and Shugoro were doomed forever to stay inside the walls of the house because of a Majyo witches (Tsuyako Olajima) curse they brought to the ground. But there can be a way they can break the curse. Unfortunately, for the Fletcher family, it may cost their marriage, daughter and possibly even their lives. <br /> <br /> Targeted by Kevin Connor I thought it was a pretty average movie, OK to watch once you have nothing better to do, but after a day or two you'll it probably totally forgot. Nothing bumps into memory as badly, but there's nothing special about the movie either. The script by Robert Suhosky from the novel by James Hardiman is a bit on the dull side and completely at-the-numbers. There is a lot of ghostly action in the whole movie, but nothing is very interesting or exciting, and the flat characters and direction don't help. There are some dull rows like the giant plastic crabs that Amy and her babysitter, Noriko (Mayumi Umeda), are trying to find. And there is a scene where the Zen Monk drives the house out and the ghosts are out-of-the-way not to return, but it is until Ted just opens the door and they just walk straight back, a little exorcism! One more thing, I think it was a bad idea to have Doug McClure who was 47 when he did, trying to fight his hand against Kung-Fu and Oriental sword! George gets her big breasts out a few times, including a very unrotic sex scene with McClure, although great pain and a few sheets stuck to them, such as supergom, were taken to ensure that was not below the waist nudity. no. Aside from some mostly screen shields, there is no blood, gore or violence to talk about. The 'transparent' ghost effects are OK, but they're not going to impress many people today. It's made professionally enough and looks pretty pretty, but the potential in the Japanese environment and myths is wasted as this film can be set up in America, England or any Western country without changing anything. An OK time heater.
