I saw the Gator bait films, and it's almost exactly the same. A woman is sexually assaulted by a group of degenerate men and systematically determines her malicious revenge on each of them. The thing that sets this film apart from that (though not very far) is that sexual content is not glorified. There is a lot of aversion many times throughout the film, but not for a second it's ever sexy. Some of the rape zone may look a bit big, but that's just because the film is trying to strengthen the audience's need to see this woman seek revenge. <br /> <br /> It's a bad movie, it has no other way to keep interest other than manipulating our natural desire to see this woman get revenge on her attackers. I spit on your grave is not the kind of movie you expect to deliver a serious morale, but I was happy to see it, as it contained a significant amount of violence on the female head, it was not meant to be to go as a T&A movie. B-movies are notorious because they are driven by nudity and out of control adolescent sexuality, and while unmistakably Spit On You Grave is a B-movie and contains more than its share of nudity, the nudity does not manage the plot. On the other hand, the only thing the plot manages is an empty necessity for revenge against a group of rapists. These men are evolutionary outbreaks, just as they were in the Gator bait films, and the biggest challenge for the writers was to make new and exciting ways to kill them, but the reason why the film could never be more than just A meaningless B movie is because it doesn't deliver a message of any kind, but instead it just meets the audience's desire to see a lot of rapists, get exactly what they deserve. <br /> <br /> The one issue that leaves it is that we have to face sexual attacks. Strangely, the first half of the movie is the part that contains the nudity (though not much), but it is by far the most painful to watch. We are even chopped down as we watch the woman get revenge because some of the deaths were so exuberant that it was obviously impossible (it seems as if she was in the end, such an overwhelming desire for the guy in the lake) hugging the car on the boat and pushing its genitals against the screw, so while the woman moves a few last words on him and pulls the cord), but again, this movie only meets the desire for revenge that the first half we filled. <br /> <br /> (spoilers) You know it's all the movie to do, as it literally ends the minute after which the last man is killed. The woman does not always live happily, she does not write her book, she leaves and never goes back to that nightmare. She just gets in the boat and cars around the lake, while the movie just stops in its tracks. But hey, what else did you expect? <br /> <br /> Have you read the tagline? If you decide to waste your time watching it, try to find someone who is broken or burned. I really look forward to that?
