Did I walk into something or was that bad smell of Daybreak 1 + 2 down? God was behind everything? What does God have to do with Sci-Fi? God is only the answer when you cannot make a meaningful statement for something. In fact, this is exactly the problem with the series finals - they could not, of course, come up with meaningful explanations for the many great questions raised by the series, such as how Kara Thrace comes back to death in a brand new viper, how her Viper and charred body on Earth 2 ended, why Baltar has an imaginary 6 in his head, why 6 has an imaginary Baltar in her head, etc., so they explain it to angels or it just doesn't explain it at all. <br /> <br /> The plot of the last 2 episodes had holes big enough to fly a Basestar. For example, why does Galactica and its crew go on a suicide mission to save one girl (Hera), especially after Adama said there was no way to try to rescue? Because they got the location of the Cylon base? It's not a good reason to sacrifice the crew's lives. And how did Anders find the location? And what was the point of flashbacks for the main characters' lives before the war? It was as if they had forgotten it earlier, so they threw something at the last moment. <br /> <br /> Those who wrote the last two episodes couldn't have been the same writers who have created what has been a sensational series so far. Feel like scripture was taken over by evangelical Christians on a mission to spread the Word. Forget trying to tie the loose points in the plot. The important message the writers want to get is: don't give your confidence in technology, as it will cause your destruction; God is your ultimate salvation (good luck if you have a disease that needs medical treatment). <br /> <br /> Imagine the final movie of the Star Wars series, saying there is no "power". , a Jedi actually gets his power from Jesus. Then they fly their space ships to the nearest star and live with the Ewoks in the forest. Will it be a good end? No, it won't be.
