The 1930s had a vogue for documentary films about remote corners of the world, with the emphasis on wildlife, exotic terrain and primitive people with unusual cultures. In spite of the logistics of transporting a film person to a distant and dangerous place, and then reviving (with the movies), such films were often much cheaper to make than conventional Hollywood features ... because there Not expensive were sets, costumes, or high-priced movie stars. <br /> <br /> The most successful makers of such films (artistic and financial) were the team of Martin E. Johnson and his wife, Osa, who made several documentaries (sometimes with blatant events) in Africa and Asia . The Johnson's safari films were extremely popular and sparked several parodies ... especially Wheeler & Woolsey's "So This is Africa", in which the very sexy Esther Muir is a character called Mrs. Johnson-Martini plays (instead of Martin E. Johnson, did it?). Although several other filmmakers are currently producing safari documentaries, the Johnson's films have been the most popular in this genre because they rely on humor. From our own, more enlightened (hope) standpoint, this is a serious mistake in Johnsons' documents: there are too many scenes in which the funny brown or yellow people are made to watch complete idiots easily scattered by the smart white bwana Johnson and his wife. <br /> <br /> One definite asset of these movies is the presence of Osa Johnson. Ten years younger than her husband, she runs young enough to be his daughter. While she was definitely not as attractive as the cute blonde Esther Muir, Osa Johnson was a shiny brunette who gave an impressive performance to the camera in the film she produced with her husband. <br /> <br /> "Congorilla" is probably the best of Johnson's movies. The shots of the Congo are interesting and have historical value as evidence of how this environment appeared in 1930. The shots of the Pygmies and other natives are also interesting, though it suffers from the Johnson's love of placing events on stage. the Indians look 'wild' and a stranger. <br /> <br /> The best (and funniest) scene in "Congorilla" is an improvised sequence in which Osa Johnson tries to teach a jazz dance to some Pygmy women. (The dance is the Black Bottom, no less ... the same dance that Bob Hope made famous to Daisy and Violet Hilton, the paired twins.) With jodhpurs, dress boots and a pith helmet, Osa Johnson scatsang she does high steps and slapped her knees in her attempt to teach this dance to African women. Meanwhile, they are standing there staring at her, apparently wondering what this crazy white woman is trying to achieve. It's a very funny scene, but it has unpleasant undertones. Osa Johnson is doing a dance invented by black Americans: the implication seems to be that black Afrikaners should instinctively perform this dance after a brief demonstration (using natural rhythm, I think), because it is in their blood or something. <br /> <br /> I'll rate 'Congorilla' 4 points out of 10. This film tells a bit about African life in the 1930s and rather about American cultural perceptions in the same decade.
