Oh Dear Lord, how on earth was any part of this movie ever approved by anyone? The range of cheese from start to finish, but not even good cheese. It's the scummiest, craziest, tasteless cheese there is, and I can't believe there's someone out there who really enjoyed it. Yes, if you saw it with a load of drunk / gestured buddies, it might be a little funny in a sad way, but for the rest of the audience are the only entertaining parts when the party's groups throw popcorn and offensive throw insults. at each other and the screen. I watched it with an old-for-a-couple man, with a few beers in preparation to stay away from the film's expectant listlessness. We have the crapness (a lot of it), but not the chuckles. It doesn't even qualify as a bad-it-good movie. It's just bad. Very, very bad. Here's why (look away if you're spoiler phobias): The movie starts with a guy who kills another man. OK, I was a few minutes late so not sure why it was, but I think the "this guy is a bit of a bad thing you don't want to mess with a message" behind the genius scene . Oh, and a man sees it. So, we already have our ultra-evil bad guy, and messy but cute (apparently) good guy. Cue Hero. Big Sam stretches the scene in the usual way and saves good man in the usual way that only poor action movies can reach, ie Hero is immune to bullets. Everybody falls pretty clumsy. Cue first plot hole. How the bloody hell knew Sammy where this man was, or that he was watching the murder. Perhaps that is, and the answers to all of my plot-related questions, in the 2 minutes before I came to the theater, explain, but I doubt it. In fact, I'm just gonna put holes in the plot so I can't change the movie into something like Swiss cheese (which we all know is good cheese). So, the plot (a very generous word to use). Good guy must come to LA, bad old man rather, he didn't do, Hero Sam stands between the two. Cue landscape for the next vomit induction hour - the passenger plane. As I said, I'm no longer in plot holes, I'll just leave it there. Passenger Aircraft. Then the important ingredient so far is missing from this jewel of a movie, and what makes it all that it is - Snakes. Yay! Oh, break. First, we have the introduction of all the mandatory characters that a lame film should have. Hot, horny couple (see if you can guess how they die), dead-before-any-snake-even-appear-British-man (that unashamed British, eh?), Cute kids and Jo Brand. For all your Americans, it is an English comic known for its size and impossibility. Now that we've met the roll-cast, let's see how everyone dies (except of course the cute kids). Don't expect something original, it's just snake bites on different and still hilarious (really not) parts of the body. Use your imagination as the filmmakers obviously didn't make use of them. <br /> <br /> So that's the most of the film wrapped up, so now for the best bit, the end. As expected, everything is as happy as the plane land that everyone in sight begins to suck. Yep, Ice-cool Sammy included. But wait, we're not all on the plane yet! The last guy left is good guy, but just as he gets it, he gets a snake (of all things). It was clear that this one was constantly in Mr. Jackson's hair was hiding because it somehow managed to withstand the air pressure that the good old hero had used a few minutes earlier, despite the 200ft printer (the one that made that spicy British eat bugger) can't. So, Sam shoots him and the snake in one go. At this stage I prayed that the movie was about to make a much needed U-turn and to reveal that the whole hero was actually a traitor of some kind. But no. In a kind of icing in the cake way (but with old cheese, remember), it was revealed that the climax of the film involves a bulletproof jacket. How anyone can think that an audience 10 years ago, late in 2006, would be impressed by their ingenuity is beyond me, but it did well in the summary of the movie. <br /> <br /> We're not quite done yet. After everyone sucked (Uncle Sam with the leading actress, good guy with Tiffany, token Black man with a token White Girl and the hot couple in a heart warming of necrophilia), it's time for a good guy and hero to get it up. ... In Bali !!! No, it was not exciting at all, the exclamation marks were just to represent my total joy to see the credits. Yes, the final shot of the movie is a festive surf to convey the message that a bit of male bonding has taken place, and a chance for any morons who actually enjoyed the movie a couple of times to visit. That's it. This is the first time I've ever seen a movie review, but I felt so strong that someone should speak of cinematography. If you like planks, snakes, Samuel L.Jackson, air females, bad guys, guys, dogs in bags or English people, please don't see this movie. This will pollute your opinion of all of the above so that you will never get in touch with any of them again. Go see United 93 instead. It was good.
