The more I analyze this movie, the worse it gets. First of all, why a motivational speaker? That part was just silly. I mean, why would a megalomania trying to control the world rely on a motivational speaker? Is Alexander Stone really unorganized? First, he can't decide what he wants to do to control the world, so he looks at the Bible for ideas. Many of these ideas, which I might add, really have no reliability. For example, the portion of the "Ishmael and Isaac's houses will scream in terror". It could have been if the synagogues were burned during Crystal Night. and the mosques could have been the mosques in Baghdad or something.) And Gillen Lane's family! They had no part, except to free a family of values ​​and splash their eyes with water! I can add to that since Casper van Dien / Gillen Lane is only in his twenties (or that is the impression I had) and has a ten-year-old child, he had his child in high school. Yes, there are TBN's family values. Also, why did this film have to be propaganda? I will repeat what a previous reviewer said. The Indiana Jones flicks use Christian mythology as a plot dvice and manipulate it well so we are drunk. This movie doesn't. The novice starts well, with Michael Ironsides playing a priest who killed a scholar of some sort and steals the dead man's Omega code. Then, when the two prophets were confronted by two men of whom he was afraid, he said to them: Tell your master that we are here! Dominic (Ironsides) answers "He already knows" and indicates a small surveillance camera. That part sent cold chills on my spine. If that were the case, I would have loved this movie. I'll give Michael York credit: he's doing a good job of acting like Michael Ironsides. But the good guys are terrible. I've already gone over Lane's family <br /> <br />. Now that I'm about to play, I'll be on the point. This is, of course, a Baptist movie, as our beloved Vatican Pope is portrayed as a grandfather. The world-dominant plot I liked had found credible and subtle, just as the action sequences were also exciting and well done. Another diatribe against the Vatican, their leaders are considered dogmatic, as Gillen explains to the Pope that this is not the end of the world, but the beginning of a new one. Also, the Vatican (or Israeli) says they are going to divorce From the World Union since they used the Omega code to control the world. Whoever it was, would not just divorce them, they would send commandos over and kill them. It's the equivalent of America knowing that the KGB is going to kill the president and just say, "We're not going to talk to you anymore!" Come on! I enjoyed the screens where we see bombers to Israel and see them again on the monitor. Moderate in short.
