I was very disappointed with this movie for a few reasons. For the first half hour it's actually pretty decent. Although the play is not better, what you want in a rap video is its kind of funny and the production value doesn't look bad. In fact, I almost thought it would be almost as good as Perico Ripiao (another recent Dominican movie) that was much better than I expected. The plot for the movie is not just about cheating on men, but how women in Dominican society are viewed and treated as a whole, which makes a good prospect, especially in the Dominican Republic. Unfortunately, I don't think the creators of this movie trust a good movie about how to treat your topic, and they slaughtered the veal set they had before them. About 30 minutes into the film, the roles of men and women are reversed after the main characters caused some kind of play from him because of his fake habits. Not only does this transition happen via the forefront, space age, CGI effects dating to what I guess would be the 70's, but the whole plot just goes into the drain. The rest of the movie is nothing but instant-predictable, and cleverly one-liners. To download it all (and I think I should warn you now ** SPOILER ALERT **) it seems to be a dream. Oh, me who didn't see it? Oh man, I almost forgot the most ridiculous thing about the movie. Well, after about an hour I started thinking "hmmmm, something just doesn't look right over the soundtrack, but what can it be?" ?? and then it hits me HALF OF THE MUSIC IN THE MOVIE MADE FROM A VIDEO GAME CALLED KING OF FIGHTER 95. <br /> <br /> When o when DR gives you a movie, we can do a work of art ?!?! Perhaps a comedy that fits France's Amelie, or an action movie, to suit the Thailand-Ong Bak, an animation like Akira, was Japan, a spiritual crime thriller when Layer Cake was in England, or " a socio-awakening journey like Waking Life had here. the states. <br /> <br /> ... I'll give it a 1, but I've seen much worse, come from DR, look for Los Jodedores and you'll know what I'm talking about.
