Increase Victor Vargas: An Overview <br /> <br /> You know, Raising Victor Vargas is like stabbing your hands into a big steaming oatmeal bottle. It's warm and sturdy, but you don't know if it's right. Try as I please, no matter how hot and throwing Raising Victor Vargas has become. I was always aware that something didn't feel right. Victor Vargas suffers from a certain conviction on the director's part. Apparently, the director thought the ethnic background of a Latino family at the bottom of the east and an idyllic story would make the film criticism. He was right, but it didn't stop me. Increasing Victor Vargas is the story of a seventeen-year-old boy named. Victor Vargas (Victor Rasuk), who chases his teens in the years they were touring, than the Rolling Stones could do. The movie starts in 'Ugly Fat' Donna's bedroom where Victor will surely deceive her, but a cry from outside disrupts his plans when his best friend Harold (Kevin Rivera) comes looking for. Caught in the attempt by Harold and his sister, Victor Vargas, is running for damage control. But even with the embarrassment that he has bowed the most homely girl in the area, nothing refuses to get young Victor off the hunt for more fresh meat. On a hot New York City day, they make way for the local public pool where Victor's eyes get a glimpse of the beautiful young nymph Judy (Judy Marte), who is not only beautiful but strong and independent. The relationship between Victor and Judy is becoming the focus of the film. The story also focuses on Victor's family consisting of his grandmother or abuelita (Altagracia Guzman), his brother Nino (also played by the real brother of Victor, Silvestre Rasuk) and his sister Vicky (Krystal Rodriguez). The action follows Victor between plays with Judy and scenes with his family. Victor is trying to be a well-known pimp daddy, his feelings for Judy and his grandmother's conservative Catholic education. <br /> <br /> The problems that arise from increasing Victor Vargas are some, but spectacular, mistakes. Throughout the film you will learn some characters like Vicky, Nino, Grandma, Judy and even Judy's best friend Melonie. The problem is that we know nothing of Victor Vargas, except he is the biggest gigolo in the neighborhood. We know he knows how to lick his lips and comb his look and carry himself to risk the girls in the bag, but that's all. We know that Nino plays the piano, and quietly, you can see it through the awards on the family piano. We know his sister Nicki is a gossip girl with an interest in watching television. We know that Granny is a hardworking traditional Latina woman trying to preserve her children conservatively in a world of excessive corruption. But where is the titular character, Victor Vargas? He's somewhere in this movie, but we only know what the movie tells us. This is by far the biggest mistake of the movie. Victor Vargas is not so much a character, but a table tennis ball that bounces between screens with Judy and his grandmother, but we never know who Victor Vargas really is. This is important because, as I have mentioned, Victor Vargas is the only thing we know about being a sexually active teenager with a libido, the size of Manhattan. He is a total alpha man. Victor Vargas is not the kind of character I sympathize with. Why should someone? So by the end of the movie, in the aftermath of the climax, did we really believe that Victor Vargas somehow reached depth and learned the mistakes of his ways? How can such a two-dimensional character have any depth? If only the director was a little more concerned about exchanging his main character rather than worrying about the perfect handshake. <br /> <br /> Raising Victor Vargas brings the world from the Latino city center to the big screen. Something that few movies have done before. The film is complimented to feel so real, and I won't argue <br /> <br /> with it. I didn't see this level of reality as CBS broadcast Survivor. Although writer / director Peter Sollett is already too dependent on close-ups and handshots, the movie has some nice shots of the city. This problem is particularly noticeable in indoor scenes that are so claustrophobic. I was forced to perform deep breathing exercises to keep out. As the film continues, the shots become tighter and tighter with faces cut from the forehead to the chin on the screen; you can practically smell Victor Vargas' cheap cologne. The overall effect is unrealistic in contrast. The interior scenes of inner apartments make them look small and cramped, which is not true. I was in that type of apartment; I lived in one. They are not beautiful, but they have high ceilings and they are decent living spaces. According to the movie's standards, you might think these apartments were 5x5 brick-and-mortar cells, cut paint and cracked walls. Unfortunately, Sollett's constant use of close-ups and a particularly bad shot with a zoom on one scene comes as a whole amateurish. But the increase in Victor Vargas is just Sollett's second film, and his best-known, strong film effort that will hopefully improve as he continues to make films. One review I read, summed up the movie as 'Ethnicity for Ethnicity's Business', and I can't agree anymore. If Victor Vargas really was a wonderful movie and story, the characters' relevance would not matter if they were Latino, Chinese, and so on. But if you were to take this story and hold it in middle-class suburbs with a lot of teenage pieces -better white kids the results won't be such glowing reviews, and we want to see the movie's mistakes more clearly. Indeed, some other aspects of using Latinos in this movie bothers me. While some aspects of Victor Vargas are accurate others, I have to question them. For example, Victor, Nino and Vicky all share the same room to sleep. It set an alarm for me because it was contrary to what I believe. Any self-respecting Latino family will not have two older brothers sharing the same room with a thirteen-year-old girl. Initially, I was uncertain, maybe I was wrong, but after talking to my grandmother, I knew my problem was justified. Considering how conservative the grandmother is, you would think Vicky would sleep in her room. <br /> <br /> As a Latino who grew up in a somewhat conservative Cuban household, I raised while my mother was. working full time, I can relate in many ways to the film. That's why my critical points of view are bitter because I really wanted to love this movie. Unfortunately, my lack of respect for Victor Vargas sabotaged my feelings for the movie. Maybe it's because Victor Vargas reminds me of the guys who were lying while playing with my Sega Genesis when I was seventeen. Perhaps this is because Victor Vargas, without any further introspection by the film, is just a stereotypical, warm-blooded Latino who will only scream at the cars to girls: "Hey bay-bee, I want my luv Mahcheen?" Also, I don't like him, so finally how can I keep a movie about him? So, if you excuse me, I'm going to bump my hands into a bowl of grits. <br /> <br />
