When teenagers go to a camper, there will be many clicks that you can guarantee. <br /> <br /> 1) The teenagers will be warned not to go where they go through a crazy local. Then Van Husen deals with ridiculous exposition about deadly siren. What, who, how and why is dealt with in one almost incomprehensible outburst. 2) The van will break down. 3) While seeking help, the group will be split and selected one by one, regardless of the sample they are alerted to. 4) They will find a house inhabited by a mad man, and he will catch them. 5) The house will have a phone, but it won't work, it will be disturbingly decorated. There will be flickering neon lights, spiders and virgins. 6) The crazy man will catch them if they try to escape into a vehicle that won't start (here the high speed flight on a tractor should be made). 7) The male will apparently just be killed to come back from the dead for a cheap, scarce and then murdered. 8) Only a girl will be left alive from the group. 9) There will be an unnecessary turn at the end. <br /> <br /> Add to these elements naked sirens (who seem to respond to the characters in different ways despite the fact that everyone they see should immediately be with them) that seduce and kill the teenage years. throat is torn out and bodies are drawn in half and you have something like a twelve year old boy's dream movie. <br /> <br /> I think it's just fair to say that my opinion of the director and his previous work is as low as possible, but I'm happy to point out that some elements are pleasantly rejoicing and on his previous film, Darkhunters, is a great improvement. This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. Sometimes cinematography is very good, the music and editing is a cut above his previous movies and some other low-budget horror movies. I was impressed to hear that it was achieved with a third of the money spent on the previous monstrosity. However, the worst thing about this movie is not found in the movie of the movie, it is ultimately a slightly distracting or sensible movie repeatedly done but under the DVD extras. <br /> <br /> If you rent this movie, I ask you to listen to the directors' comments, this is beyond belief. There's more to say about this than the movie itself. One staggering part of the commentary is the directors' claim that the movie was cliché because it was a preconceived idea. He says it is a deliberate attempt to use all the cliches and openly he or she wonders "people will get it". <br /> <br /> I'm afraid to say that if it's supposed to be a smart nod and a nod to past movies and genre clichés within them, it's not wittily enough written, acted in an appropriate tone or directed with enough style to work. If this movie is made to order, it leads me to ask one question; "What was the point?" It is a piece that just slides right into the canon of bad horror movies, any attempt to do something smart or different has not worked. <br /> <br /> The next sophistication is a talk about snobbering into digital movie formats. They rightly point out that digital is often synonymous with cheapness and ease of use. But the best moment of the conversation comes when they worry about the fact that Michael Mann is making a film in the format as a vision. There is a simple distinction to be made here; Mann is a talented director who will use the format to suit his story and style. Roberts is a horrorhack that uses it to produce bottom shelf genre photos. I think the differences are obvious and the comparison is not just arrogant but redundant. <br /> <br /> The best moment is reserved for Robert's remarks about people who have taken the time to review his previous movie. Those who did not like it are especially regarded as 'geeks' and even go as far as picking up specific people because they have the nerve to give their opinion in forums that encourage them to do just that. I must admit that I was a little disappointed that my review of his last film was not voiced for ridicule. The tirade goes beyond the group joke about Norwegian judges, complete with "hilarious" accents that indicate that people from Norway do not know a good movie simply because they were born. As always, this kind of comment says more about those they say than those they target. They simply make the director and his friends look ignorant. <br /> <br /> The package was completed with a tasteful featuret on how the Siren was thrown. Robert's swing with a blind voice over, "I didn't want to make a movie like Baywatch," because we see audition bands of topless and naked girls turning around on the ground. There is also a sympathetic, self-releasing documentary on making Darkhunters, during which Robert's says a reviewer claims Forest is the best British film in years. I don't know who he is trying to convince. At one point in the commentary, Robert's funny says: "I can see people sitting at home saying," It's not great, it's not a mistake. He's not wrong.
