I've never been a keen viewer of Crocodile Hunter, but occasionally saw an episode or an episode. And when the news about Steve Irwin's death from a stingray attack spread in 2006, it definitely caught my attention. This movie, with Steve and his wife, Terri, who released themselves, but in a fictional story, in 2002, but I didn't hear it until a few years later, and even after that it took me a while to get to see it. Well, now I have seen it, and after I first watched and watched here, I was not surprised at how unimpressive it seems, although it could have been a better BIT. Apparently, it is supposed to be a comedy, such a big problem is that it is not very funny at all. <br /> <br /> An American satellite beacon falls out of space and lands in Australia, where it is swallowed by a crocodile! While Steve and Terri Irwin are on a mission to catch this crocodile on a farm where the cattle are owned on a farm owned by the crazy Brozzie Drewitt and not aware of what is in it, two CIAs agents sent to Australia to pick up the beacon! The agents are assisted by Jo Buckley, and the farmer and her dogs can make the mission more difficult for them! On Steve and Terri's mission, they are dealing with other types of dangerous wildlife, not just the crocodile, and since they have no idea that the crocus has something special in it, if Steve sees the CIA agents, they make it for poachers mistake! <br /> <br /> Not only did I laugh while watching this movie. The only part that really made me smile was Steve Irwin who used a big snake to scare one of the CIA agents. In addition, I don't think I didn't find anything, which was almost amusing. It's also a bit of an incoherent mess, which moves from the Australian Outback to the CIA headquarters, and it looks like clips of "Crocodile Hunter" and clips of an action thriller (or something like that) about for some reason compiled. In addition, the ranch scenes, which also look different, and just as funny as Brozzie Drewitt, played by Magda Szubanski, are supposed to be, she's not. At one point we see her progress, so we have a quick joke, a BIG clique in modern comedy! Are they so hard to resist? I also found the typical "Crocodile Hunter" scenes, with Steve grappling crocodiles and other dangerous creatures and talking to them about viewers, to be annoying, but I think the fact that I'm never a good fan of the show was not, did not help. . <br /> <br /> Steve Irwin is admired by many as a conservationist, and is unfortunately missed by them, while there are also those who say he has wasted nature and comes to him. No matter which side you are, "The Crocodile Hunter: Collision Course" is not a well-crafted movie. I'm sure it helps if you are a big Steve Irwin fan, but even if you are, there is no guarantee that you want this movie, as some fans were not clearly impressed. In fact, some of them seem to have found this movie to be worse than I have, so maybe it won't help. As I said, there is no guarantee. I'll say what you think of Steve Irwin and his performance, this movie was unnecessary. The attempt to combine what is usually seen in "Crocodile Hunter" with a fictional story, unfortunately failed, and a viewer may find that this movie looks more than ninety minutes!
