Forest of the Damned starts with five young friends, brother and sister Emilio (Richard Cambridge) and Ally (Sophie Holland) with Judd (Daniel Maclagan), Molly (Nicole Petty) and Andrew (David Hood) long holiday in the middle of nowhere, their words are not mine. Anyway, before they know it, they are deep in a forest and Emilio is clumsy about a woman (Frances Da Costa), along with a badly injured person to add to their problems, the bus they are traveling in. will not start can not get signals on their phones. They need to get help quickly so that Molly and Judd depart in the hope of finding a home. As time passes and the darkness begins to fall, it becomes clear that they are not alone and that there is something in the forest in the forest. <br /> <br /> This English production was written and directed by Johannes Roberts and looked at several other comments and reviews, both here on the IMDb and over the internet. Forest of the Damned seems to divide opinion with some of it and others' non-personal did not do much at all. The screenplay is credited to Roberts on the screen, but here on the IMDb it is a list of Joseph London with "additional screenplay material" whatever that means. The movie is your basic backwoods butcher-type thing like The Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1974) with your basic stranded faceless teenager The victims are bumped, but use the interesting concept of fallen angels who move the forest and kill people for the reason that never be explained to great satisfaction. Then there is Stephen, played by the ever fantastic Tom Savini, who is never given a kind of justification for what he does. Is he there to get victims for the angels? If so, why did he kill Andrew by inserting his head? The story is very loose, it never felt like a real movie. The character is poor, the dialogue is not much better and the lack of any important story makes it difficult to enter or care for anything that is going on. As it moves at a reasonable pace and there are some decent scenes here. <br /> <br /> Director John does nothing special, it's not a particularly stylish or flash movie to watch. There are some decent horror scenes. The Tom Savini character is wonderful when he's on the screen (though why he didn't hear Judd at the door while he escaped with Molly?) And it's a pity if he's killed. There are a few decent scenes here, someone tied their heads, there is a decade, somebody is blowing a shotgun, someone's throat is bitten, someone's lips are bitten and someone is torn halfway. There is also a fair amount of leading female nudity, not that much helps. <br /> <br /> Technically Forest of the Damned is OK, it's pretty well made, but nothing too special or striking. It's shot in England and Wales and it's quite strange to see an English environment for a very American theme backwards. The acting is generally pretty poor, except for Savini who deserves to be better than that. Terrorist Shaun Hutson has an embarrassment at the end and proves he should rather write than to do. <br /> <br /> Forest of the Lost was a pretty poor horror movie, there seems to be fans there, maybe I miss something, but it's not a movie I love very much. Apart from one or two decent moments, there is not much to recommend here.
