From the beginning, this movie was terrible! Why was it so bad? If it is not the naked women, we need not only a decent plastic surgeon, but also the expertise of a dentist, followed by a free hand from Colgate whitening !! Then it is the "crazy" old man at the petrol station, which is not so crazy, but more. "I'm not sure how to act so much, so I will look straight and look as stupid as I can while pretending to scream in robots about something in the forest" !! Back to these naked nymphs who need a cure for gingivitis .... apparently, without touching you ... and this is according to the opening scene .... they can cause a nasty, red rash on your neck, which I suspect " missing a piece of meat, but just seems like it can do with some TCP to fix it, then you have Sophie Holland playing Ally, I have never seen such a baaaaaad, she is more of a "me me , if I don't have fun, no one else is, and I don't want to do that. I won't, and I'm the most common cow on the planet, I'm sarcastic, small, and if I don't get things, I'll be like that! "kind of person .... reminds me of a 6 yr old girl's attitude. I don't think it's worth mentioning the scary camera angles that remind me of Blair Witch, or how low-budget the movie actually was that when Judd burst into the 'closed' door, it was actually open before he had managed to unlock it from the other side !! This film is totally laughable! If it was a spoof, it would have been successful. Just like, but like a horror movie, it was just wrong! I can't even describe everything that went into this movie, I will get out of the room! Although it was funny to watch Andrew, drip raspberry juice in his ear every time he opened his mouth, while Tom Savini's character was completely blind to the two who hide directly under his table under the table !! It was even nicer when these two thought they could pull on a goddamn escape, which, as we all know, is your number one hated vehicle to fasten because it is so god damn it! So, is it a wonder they didn't get away with it? And how many people know you can open their wrists and then walk around for hours, as if nothing ever happened! No pain, no loss of blood, nothing! But the suddenest part is when suddenly (and that means it literally) it is one year later and Molly is still moving the forest after escaping the nymphs, and then, Shaun Hutson sees her naturally ... of course. Not without a line to promote his books !! (Although he is one of my fav authors), but suddenly, and with absolutely no idea how and why ... she's angry and lures Hutson to his death, we cut from the beginning to the crazy man. Suddenly, the forest wanders with a petrol can, even after its "dazzling" display why no one would ever venture there, the nymphs should kill each other a little while while Crazy everywhere burns everywhere. ... and here the movie ends .... finally! My conclusion .... if you haven't already guessed ... absolute rubbish! There was no proper thought, the one who needed the camera shot. And that was so, 99% of the movie! If the right director, actors and budget had noticed, it could be decent. But again, English budget horror movies, but the rest of the genre, the country, and the English film industry are ashamed! (And I'm English, so I can say so)! In fact, the only decent and exciting part of the movie is in the first 15-20 minutes when we watch it spinning over a field-type area from day to day. All I ever thought of this was, "Jesus Christ in heaven, why, why did you allow someone to make it, his absolute cow's testicles!" But I can't turn off a movie after I start to watch it. I had to watch Van Dusk Til Dawn just remind you that Tom Savini has it in him to act well! If there was an option for 0/10, I believe I would have preferred it, cuz this movie is not even the one point I gave it! <br /> <br /> But that's just my opinion, look at it and decide for yourself.
