This movie actually works from a pretty original idea. I have never seen nymphs thrown out of heaven from heaven. However, the way this idea is executed is not in the least original; We follow a lot of children who for some reason decide to go on a trip in the woods. The fact that the forest is inhabited by this nymph makes it more interesting than just another forest that is filled by rednecks / nuts / zombies; But really, the monsters are just a variation on the general horror in the forest theme. Many films of this ilk do not have a good idea - and it seems that this one wore its brain cells with just that one. The only real asset the monsters bring to the table is the fact that they are beautiful women the characters desire, rather than boring grotesque ones they want to run away. It's good to a point; but it soon becomes boring, and the fact that there is no back story around the central monsters, ensures that the movie never goes out of the category of horror trash. <br /> <br /> It's been years ago The evil dead made the forest world a prosperous place, and despite films like The Blair Witch Project; It still makes an excellent horror. This is one of the most important assets of the film, as the forest offers a good impression of the unknown. The only problem is that Forest of the Damned never looks much like it. The death series shows a clear lack of imagination, and the fact that all the characters are clicked to the extreme does not help, as you are more likely to see them killed rather than hoping they can get away. The role-play consists mainly of children, but here is Tom Savini's role. which is unfortunately not fun in the special effects section. The only true highlight of the movie is where staff are involved, come from the nymphs themselves. The naked ladies tend to look good, and if not for them, this movie will become very boring. There is nothing to really recommend this movie; But if you want a gorgeous little horror movie that looks back on the style of eighty bushveld specks, you can find some fun here.
