People have tried to make me believe that the appearance of this jerky supernatural horror / thriller is inspired by the real last words spoken by an authentic serial killer (whose name is currently escaping me). While waiting in his electric chair, he claimed that his soul would return to life and continue with an endless murder boom. It's not a very original idea to turn a horror movie. By the way. Other low cost turkeys implemented exactly the same basic outlook as "House 3", "Shocker" and "Ghost in the Machine". Anyway, "The First Power" (a "Pentagram") is not a very terrible attempt, but the writing goes in vain to clichés and lacks genuine excitement. The movie starts out as a cute, though worldwide, serial killer movie in which obsessive cop hero Lou Diamond Philips performs a maniac that cares for bloody pentagrams in the victims' chests. He received unexpected help from a spiritual medium, played by the beautiful and underrated Tracy Griffith. She leads him to the killer, but also asks him not to carry it out, as it will cause a bigger catastrophe! Thanks to Tess's helpful tips, Detective Logan finds the killer fast and celebrates his death penalty, but Patrick Channing made a pact with Satan himself and returned to the rotten streets of California to kill more. "The First Force" becomes pretty bad when the killer reincarnates as a fiery spirit. Instead of using his new-found satanic powers to wipe out the whole world (that's what I would do in his position), Channing simply chose cat and mouse matches with his nemesis the buyer. He calls him annoying 'Buddy-Boy' all the time and has the bodies of Logan's friends and colleagues to deceive him. Although it is never really bored or bored, it is a very poor film to endure, mostly because you constantly get the feeling of being dear. Author / director Robert Resnikoff shamefully uses every terrible cliché (the killer is sexually abused as a child) and even the players' lines can easily be predicted. As soon as Griffith explains that she can predict the future, you just know she's going to say somewhere in the movie somewhere the ridiculously overused line. "I tell people who have to live their lives, but my own life is a mess". To yawn. The performance of Lou Diamond Philips is sufficient enough, but it is quite difficult to take the youthful rebel of "La Bamba" and "Stand And Deliver" seriously as a tough buyer. There are also decent supporting roles for Mykelti Williamson ("Forrest Gump"), Carmen Argenziano ("When a Stranger Calls") and the B-movie horror legend David Gale ("Re-Animator") appear in a trivial como to the beginning of the movie.
