Awful! Awful! Awful! No, I didn't like it. It was obvious what the purpose of the movie was: to locate the movie and the "movers and shakers" that made a movie. In some cases, they are people who represent themselves as they are. I don't need a movie to tell me how high some of the people in the film industry are. I suspect I'm really guilty of expecting something like the "Roman holiday". <br /> <br /> I'm not a filmmaker, and I'm not taking film classes, but it seemed to me that the movie is a series of two shots (starring) where the actors (!) was given a loose line and they had to improvise the dialogue. Henry Jaglon claims that he wrote the screenplay with Victoria Foyt, but the impression was that the actors, who know the general direction of the film, have strengthened the dialogue - and that was not always successful. Such a case in point was when Ron Silver made a remark that didn't really flow along the line of the conversation (and I'm not going back to search it!) And Greta Scacchi laughed, though they were supposed to be a serious conversation, because Silver's remark was such a non-sequitur. You also get the impression that one actor deliberately tries to "miss" the other actor and break his / her concentration. Another example is when a producer tells Silver to bring the "* # # # # ^ documents" (3 times). Silver literally looks lost to words. I saw another movie that looks like a series of drama workshops on improvisation and it was terrible too! <br /> <br /> The fact that Jaglon Greta Scacchi (no stranger to Australia), Ron Silver, could dress, Anouk Ami, and Maximilian Schell suggest it was a "slow news week" for them. Peter Bogdanovich always had a "what-the-hell-I-do-here" face and I expected him to say, "Look, I'm a director and screenwriter - not an actor" what would be unnecessary to say! Faye Dunaway was more interested in promoting her son, Liam. Aside from the brutal delivery of the dialogue, the hand camera has become annoying, even though it was for the sake of certainty. As I suspect the "natural" dialogue was, and interest in the principals coincided with the interest of the various youths, the beach is trying to get in the lap. It at least approached Cinema Verite. So, along with the annoying French song in which I used the mute button, I made an overall disappointing 90-year-old minute. <br /> <br /> I think we should avoid apotheosising movies like this. Trying to see value in the movie where it has little credit to support a perceived transcendental level is wrong. There was really nothing about avant-garde about it. It didn't come up with a work of art and yet it was not a documentary either. I know it was a documentary, but the right test is whether it is entertaining. I was bored from my skull! It had a redeeming feature: it pronounced 'Cannes' correctly so I gave it 3/10.
