"I don't understand. Nothing of this makes sense!" Call out an indignant character at the end of the Death Smiles at Murder. After putting this thorough confusing mess of a movie, I know exactly how he feels The story, by film director Aristide Massacessi (good old Joe D'amato with his real name for a change), is a clumsy mix of the supernatural, murder / mystery and pretentious arty rubbish. admire garbage, like Jess Franco's more bizarre efforts, but struggled to stay aware. <br /> <br /> Start a hunchback that kills his beautiful sister (with whom he is a bloody affair, before she finally loses her for a dashing doctor, death killings at Murder soon become very confusing when the same woman (played by Ewa Aulin, who is played in the equally strange 'Death Laid an Egg') is alive and kicking, the only survivor of a coaching accident outside the Walter and Eva estate Ravensbrück occur. After being invited to stay and recover in their home, where she tends to dreamy dr. To start Sturges (Klaus Kinski in a discarded role), the dear love relationship with both mr. A wife. Ravensbrück (which means viewers are treated to a few short but welcome scenes of nookie and lesbian lovin '). <br /> <br /> So far, I thought of myself at this point, "we have hunchbacks, incest, blood and intestines, and free-to-female nudity" ?? all the ingredients of a huge trashy Euro-horror; following, however, is a painful attempt by Massacessi to combine giallo-style murders, ghostly actions and even elements of Edgar Allan Poe's 'The Black Cat', for a very foolish, completely confusing and ultimately boring story of tell revenge. from outside the grave. <br /> <br /> This movie looks like there are still very few admirers here on IMDb, but the choice I will later look at from one of the directors' snooping movies later on from his career. I think incomprehensible, winding, surreal 70-year-old horror is just not my thing! 2.5 out of 10 (pure for the cheesy gore and nekkidness), rounded to 3 for IMDb.
