Frankly, the concept behind "Masters of Horror" did something about it. Big time horror directors now left out by the industry given a chance to re-horror, I was from the beginning everything. That's until I watched a few episodes. Oh, boy, it's really bad TV. Not only do the directors seem to receive very few budgets to target their sketches, but there also seem to be guidelines, such as shooting in HD for example. To shorten a long story, it's bad for both artistic and reasons financial reasons. I can't help but compare to the "Tales From The Crypt" and the M.o.H. episodes are not really the equation. TFTC was good, MOH is bad; According to me, there are a few keys to explain this: TFTC was shorter (about 25 minutes for each episode) than MOH (50 minutes per episode). I believe it has allowed denser screens, with good, often-repeated ideas, a better overview of an episode, fewer chances of confusing or boring. Perhaps the reason why the budget was better spent on TFTC: directors had REAL film music composers (composers on MOH are unforeseen, very bad), REAL actors (while on MOH nothing but unknown actor is to unknown actor!) , REAL directors of photography, and it can sometimes help REAL movie cameras (while MOH is shot on HD cameras with many wrong lens pieces), the result is that the episodes of TFTC cinematographic "cinematographic" in the sense that real actors are thrown , ranging from Michael J. Fox to Tim Roth to Kyle McLachlan to Kirk Douglas, but there were also film composers on it, of series Alan Silvestri, great directors of photography such as Dean Cundey, high-end screenwriters, and in that sense each "Languages" is a small movie of its own kind. Compared to TFTC, the "Masters of Horrors" is quite a lame approach to TV horror. It is very difficult to look at if your cinematography standards are just a little above average, as it looks the same as any ugly TV series, if not worse. It becomes boring and even irritatingly fast, usually within the first 10 minutes. The actors are never heard before the wannabes (except for Fairuza Balk, Robert Englund, Angela Bettis and some, but even there they are the only known actors of their episodes). The director base for MoH was good in the beginning, but it gets the worst and worst with every episode: now that the directors are even unknown to the world, what is it? Nothing! And it's funny how they are starting unknown directors while they don't even, says Stan Winston, Dick Maas, William Lustig, Sam Raimi, Eric Red, Robert Harmon, William Friedkin, Jim Muro, Stuart Gordon, Russell Mulcahy ... If even "Masters of Horror" can't bring back deadly directors, who will? Maybe a repeat of Tales from the Crypt.
