There seems to be an overwhelming reaction to this movie, but no one has the insight to criticize his methodology, which is extremely flawed. It simply strives to propagate journalistic style analysis, namely that it goes down from the audience's lack of knowledge and prejudice to evoke an emotional decline and outburst of negative diatribe. Journalism 101: Tells the viewer a few facts just to predict them to make predictions that are predictable. For example, the idea of ​​civil war, chaos, looting, etc. were all so-called unexpected responses to the collapse of state infrastructure after Hussein's demise. Wasn't it all symptomatic of an already needy culture? doctrinal indigenous as well as symptomatic of these veins of Islam itself, rather than a failure in the police force to hold and secure? would they rather have declared the US to declare the law? I'm sure the papers here have explosions from a police state and have exploded fascist power. <br /> <br /> Apart from the analytic idiot of the movie, it takes a few sidelines and leaves the rest claiming "so-and-so-refusing to interview ..." but the questions they ask would have been asked has undoubtedly already been answered by the hundred inquisitions that those individuals have already received. As a Vice President, would you be interviewed by a first author / manufacturer who was surely already official to distort your words. they could not roll off Condi to actually show her opinion and answer some of the logistical questions. Perhaps they never looked at her audience. <br /> <br /> It's far from a neutral look at the situation on the ground there. This is another biased, asinine approach by journalists - which are generally unthinkable herds. <br /> <br /> Anyone who wants to comment on the war should at least base their ideas on things, which are a bit more reliable than NBC coverage and CNN comments. these interpretations clash with the same vitriol that only creates a further ambiguity of those who want to think and those who want to be told by the media what to think.
