I first heard of Unisol 2 when I was driving to a theater when I was on vacation in America. I didn't really notice much about it before I bought the original on DVD, which led me to find out about his three successors. I later read about The Return on the IMDB and asked friends what they thought of it. Despite their terrible criticism, I still went out of my way to see it and was about to buy it until I saw it on DVD. I didn't expect much, but thought it was half-finished to get a theater release in the US. How often do you see Van Damme on the big screen? Well, nothing could have prepared me for this. It's so bad, I almost cried. What a total waste of 80 minutes and £ 2.50. It's hard to explain how bad this move is. Honest. It's an idiot movie. No, it's more than idiot. I just can't believe how it made it. I can't believe anyone was murdered outside Mic Rogers. How stupid people can be - firstly, Van Damme thinks the script and the film is good. Secondly, the fact that Xander Berkley, of Terminator 2 and Air Force One status, has committed himself to this film. I just can't believe the stupidity of this movie. It takes itself so seriously, but comes to the audience like a spoof. Here's an example: JCVD's daughter (yes, Luc is now human) - "I want my dad", SETH- "So do I". Oh, and a guy tries to shut down SETH by pulling three big levers - wait for them - ON and OFF written on them. The acting around is like playing school. I'm sure Mr. Director modeled Luc's reporter's friend on April O'Neil's cartoon Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles - she refuses to go because she ... needs her story. I mean come on - how many cliches can a movie use? Please listen to my fellow IMDB users - don't touch it with a pole pole. In conclusion, Universal Soldier: The Return has no connection whatsoever to the first film. In fact, if they're not called UniSols, you'll never know it was a prosecution. Luc is now human - what the hell!?! The only place he has internet access is in a strip club. All the new Uni Sols look like they're dragged from the street, it's unconvincing. It is pure torture to watch, so do yourself a favor - do not torture yourself. PS - Best part of the movie: Romeo jumps off a building and shouts "Oh sh * t".
