We open with Colonel Luc Deveraux (Van Damme), the original Universal Soldier and his buxom Asian friend cut down by a river by what universal soldiers are. They nearly killed the two, then it waited, it was just a field test. Deveraux we find is now part of a state-owned company that designs the new level of universal soldiers. Why does he want to be involved (if you know something about the original), it is never explained and far above me. <br /> <br /> It is after this flimsy set that is the right story. The United States government cut the Universal Soldier's project budget and in the process angered SETH (the major artificial mainframe controlling the Universal Soldiers). Of course, he won't be locked without a fight. This means that Van Damme has to go and take out all the new races of the Universal Soldiers. It sounds like a fun idea for a action movie and a sequel, but it doesn't stop being stupid. <br /> <br /> For example, one of the new Universal Soldiers is played by Bill Goldberg. Seems you can't go wrong making a wrestler in action. He's big, he's tough, right? Wrong. Van Damme doesn't seem to be a problem sweeping the floor with him ... once ... twice ... three times. The point here has lost me. Then there's the break of glass. A rudimentary part of any action movie, but someone involved should have a glass of fetish. You should especially see the scenes. Let's not talk about how no one is cutting himself or at least not at all. Then the cherry sits on top of this train wreck, they have SETH (the computer) a human body for itself and how appropriate it is when they make the villain black (Michael Jai White). Nothing works better than a white good guy who fights a black bad guy who wants to. Potentially offensive and just straight lamb. He is also not a replacement for Dolph. <br /> <br /> Universal Soldier 2 is a bad sequel. It's hard, it's stupid and it doesn't care. The original was nothing poetic, but it made a simple kind of sense with a science fiction element and entertained at a basic level. The successor. However, they kept the running time under ninety minutes and somehow found a way to push in a strip club order. So give credit where credit is due.
