Having seen the low-budget shittier versions of the Universal Soldier franchise, I was hoping and praying that Van Damme portrayed his role as Luc Devoreaux in a second Unisol movie. Well, it looked like this prayer was answered, but not as I had hoped. Universal Soldier 2 is just intense than reading poetry at your local library. No, it would be even more interesting. The battle order is, in the first place, Bruce Lee's quality, which is the only redeeming factor in this whole pathetic excuse for a movie. This and with the former WCW-fighting legend "Goldberg" playing the villain. However, it would be better to place Goldberg as Seth's captain lieutenant. <br /> <br /> We insulted me, most were the introduction of the movie itself. It is as if some movie school students had beaten it together. The plot holes are bigger than Kanye West's ego. What did this movie actually do? For example, Luc's daughter, Hillary, seems to be at least 11-13 years old and the first film was filmed just seven years ago. How is this possible? Tell me this! The part in which Luc's partner was killed and changed into a Unisol is just deadly! You mean to say that an experimental Unisol was simply naked in the basement of the research complex at the beginning of the movie. C'mon. The director could spend more time with this movie like the first one and closed all the plot holes. But oooh nooo! <br /> <br /> Talk about the plot, it's struggling! Compared to the first film, Universal Soldier 2's plot was watered down and worthless. Where is the eager excitement in which a Unisol is going to bark a re-enacts its last memories in a supermarket rampage thinking its Desert Storm or something? It was the beginning of the Millennium, you would have attracted more of an audience if it occurred in a dystopia / Orwellian type of future cesspit. Corny is the correct adjective to describe this sad, sad, sad persecution. <br /> <br /> From what I saw: Double Impact, Under Siege 2, Robocop 3, and Hell, even the cheap ass / no class Terminator knock-off "Class of 1999" is more entertaining than it!
