OK, I saw this movie to get a benchmark, but with this movie it is Unisol's best movie plot now. Luc Devereux is now a technical expert working with the government with his partner, Maggie, who is engaged in many hours of training and struggle with him. , to refine and refine the UniSol program in an effort to create a new, stronger race of soldiers that are more sophisticated, intelligent and comfortable. All of the new Unisols, which are faster and stronger than their predecessors, are connected by an artificial intelligent computer system called SETH, a self-developing mind Helix. When SETH discovers that the Universal Soldier program is scheduled to be discontinued due to budget rebates, it takes its own "hands" to protect itself. Kill those who are trying to shut down his force and release his platoon of super soldiers, led by Romeo, SETH parts Deveraux, just because Deveraux has the secret code needed to deactivate a built-in program that will close SETH. In a matter of hours. Using a hacker called Squid, take SETH human form. Not only must Luc fight with ambitious reporter Erin, who will not leave his side, but Luc must also fight with General Radford, which takes extreme measures to stop SETH. SETH also kidnapped Luc's injured 13-year-old daughter Hillary and is now holding her hostage. Luc is the only person who can save Hillary, because Luc first knows how to think, feel and fight a UniSol. Now there are problems like in any movie like anyone finds it strange how a reporter has just happened and the soldiers can be flattened with a truck if Vanne Damme shoots them with a gun with one bullet and they die and the last one Battle scene was incredible when Luc is now man and Seth is 5x stronger and faster than any other Unisol and Luc can get a hit from him. With the final battle when Luc smashed him, I was really surprised that the pieces did not melt and reform (Terminator 2). Another thing that battles me is how hell Vanne Dams get good actors to play relatives. I mean in the case of Vanne Dams it's totally out of the grid of how Science Fiction is this movie. The music score now that you have called, you have ever listened to a song where you would rather cut a plate with a knife. Universal Soldier 2 is like that. The good points are there is no Dolph (HOORAY), and unlike the 1st one there is only one naked scene, while in the 1st one many (I'm still haunting in the screens in # 1) also the actors in it have many talents while being one sadist (if you don't believe I'm looking up)
