In his portrayal of a miserable Milanese underclass, this film was probably quite revealing in his day. However, I get the feeling that neo-realism never really was De Sica's pocket, as he decided to try to create some kind of modern fable center around a boy who was land was found. After spending most of his childhood in an orphanage, Toto ends in Milan. He organizes the residents into community action, and keeps their spirits by swirling on his face with an annoyingly constant smile and testing their times on their tables. The fact that no one tells him where his times tables should be is beyond me, as these people have much more important things to think about, as the next Potnoodle will come. Anyway, De Sica then uses a sublime, subtle dramatic device to explain exactly why these poor are so true. Of course, this is all for capitalism and to illustrate it, he discovered the misery of a fountain of oil on their land. Brilliant! At his disposal, however, at this time he rose to make a serious movie, and the capitalists appeared as serious caricatures, all fur coats and cigars. They want that country, but our mathematician will not support such nonsense. With a bizarre happiness, his old, deceased guardian of the cabbage days appeared in the air and gave him a magical pigeon. He uses it to pour gifts on his friends, which is just as greedy as the cigar men. I think this movie was a missed opportunity. To address the theme of poverty, such as not many filmmakers have done so far, and then caught in a fairy tale, it seems to me a bit foolish. How come 'big' directors with a childish plot, like the one we see here? Hans Christian Anderson would probably have thought of the idea that the poor people who were flying over the Milan Duomo and flying to a higher place on broomsticks. De Sica is, however, proclaimed as a genius for this. The fact that these people are so poor, that their faith is unshakable and that the miracles never happen to them is certainly enough for any storyteller to work. <br /> <br />
