The mind falls on exactly what Universal Soldier earned a successor. Since the real star, Dolph Lundgren, could not repeat his role of the original, there is little reason to entertain him in this obvious tax depreciation. Efforts are being made to fill the gap with professional wrestler Bill Goldberg and martial arts expert Michael Jai White. To their credit, they give their action sequences a good excitement. Bill Goldberg seems to have the time of his life on this film, and he makes a righteous sting to fill the required comic rogue. For once, its role is the kind that involves repeating the same line several times, and it doesn't get annoying. The problem with the audience's view is that none of these men really have the feeling of comic timing or minor humility, which makes Lundgren so much fun in almost all his films. And there lies the problem. You're not going to see a Van Damme movie because you want serious action. You go because you want comedy, but inadvertently. <br /> <br /> Unknown to many people, Universal Soldier was followed by two direct-to-video successors. I first saw that the production values ​​had so bad, one can only wonder if it was a kind of extensive joke. Matt Battaglia was so terrific in the role of Luc Deveraux that Jean-Claude Van Damme's face comes as a welcome relief once in his career. The film explores more or less the stories of the above direct-to-video successors, and instead a whole new story begins indefinitely after the events of the original. After years of investigation and explanation, the Unisol project continues, with some minor changes. For one, the new Unisols are stronger and more damaging than their early cousins. For the other, all the Unisols are now under the guidance of a supercomputer called SETH. In the early parts of the film, SETH consists mainly of a series of abstract graphics within a glass dome. <br /> <br /> As the film barely lasts more than eighty minutes, we are quickly told that funding for the army is being cut. The Unisol project is on the cutting block, which essentially means that SETH will be turned off. SETH, somehow dominating this conversation by never really explaining, decides to mobilize the Unisols as an army against those who want to shut it down. Its only problem is that each so often a code has to be inserted into its system to prevent automatic shutdowns. Two individuals have the relevant code. SETH murdered the first in short order and those familiar with the plot set by Van Damme's movies will guess within five seconds what the second will happen. The rest of the film revolves around Unisols' efforts to get the code off Van Damme without hurting him. A subplot with a daughter and a reporter is flowing into the movie, but it adds about as much of the story that Van Damme does to the acting profession. <br /> <br /> The movie is loaded with ridicule. lines and clichés. When SETH transplantes his command module into the body of Michael Jai White, we get a speech on how the time of man is over. He continues to tell his foot soldiers how fear and mortality will be the weaknesses of mankind. Give, SETH, you mean they won't be our strengths? All kidding aside, the short length of the movie is both the film's weakness and its strength. This allows the action without adequate setup. In the original we are given a very thorough explanation of the Unisols, how they work, and how it is brought to the state seen in the majority of the film. Here it seems as if the author obviously understands that the viewer knows what a Unisol is and how it works. At least in the original, a moment of curiosity and wonder is made by letting the explanation lie in the film later when the hero lies in an ice cream tray. Here one of the villains is shot with a gun that leaves massive holes in his uniform (and presumably his body), standing up every time without stopping. <br /> <br /> I tend to keep one's score for movies that are so bad that they are completely unintentionally entertained. If you can see it on the cheap, knock yourself out. This is the kind of movie that makes me sad about the loss of Mystery Science Theater.
