When I was 16, I saw the documentary: "A funny thing happened on the way to the moon". I really liked it and believed it for a few years. But then I grew up and started thinking and when I searched for more information. That is: more information from real resources, and non-biased sources. When I started at the university, not so long ago, I asked an assistant professor of astronomy about these conspiracy theories. What he said shocked me: He said all the theories were true. It surprised me, I didn't even believe it, but then he testified to his claims. He quickly uncovered most of the theories on the subject: "people didn't go to the moon". The most offensive claim was that the Apollo vessel could not travel through the Van-Allen radiation belt, without the crew of the radiation disappearing. The truth is, the Americans are using a secret aluminum anti-radiation alloy. It's not so familiar. And the exact specifications are a secret. And why is it a secret: Well, why should they reveal it? If they were in a spacecraft with the Russians, it would be VERY stupid to reveal that they had new technology that could protect the crew from radiation. <br /> <br /> And then there is the greatest evidence of all: The Moonstones. When the Apollo missions went to the moon, they brought back many rocks from the moon to give to geologists and similar scientists, documenting all things about the moon. These rocks and stones are actually out of the moon. Because: the internal basic elements, of which all matter exists, are also made from special isotopes, which differ from quarry to quarry, land to land, and especially planet of the planet. The isotopes of these rocks and stones have been tested that they do not come from the earth. The astronauts brought home HUNDREDS of Kilograms from these rocks. They all came from outside, and from the same planet. Ergo: The moon landings where it doesn't fall. NASA went to another planet: the moon, though not a planet, but a satellite to a planet, a moon (duuh). These rocks are distributed at laboratories and universities around the world. That's proven: People went to the moon - that's a fact, pronto. <br /> <br /> But I'm not worried: most conspiracy theorists are generally unemployed and uneducated, it's mostly why they don't know or lie about these facts. The fact remains: People walked on the moon.
