It is probably the most delayed 80's skater ever realized, but how can you be hard on a movie that contains non-stop images of decades of beautiful ladies with exciting bodies doing aerobic exercises, taking showers and wandering in solid gym gear? Before a horror movie, "Aerobicide" is a 90 minute promo video to encourage the use of steroids, silicon and other body-stimulating fitness products. If you drop all the footage of honky boys and close weights and nice girls to their bumps and shelves to the bad 80's songs, it's probably only about 15 minutes left. A lot of time to improvise a plot about a sadistic killer who hits young health problems with a big safety pin (yes?). The film opens with a spectacular spectacular scene of a girl fitted out between an electric sunbathing area. A few years later, people in the same spa are killed. You don't really have to be an experienced horror fanatic or a rocket scientist to find out that there is a connection between the murders and the burning incident, now you do? Investigation of the case is a seemingly braindead police officer (and Charles Napier looks!) And a private detective with a meat block that gets lucky with the most beautiful 80s beauty I've ever seen! She watched Dianne Copeland through the credits, and she did nothing else except this turkey and an imbecile Troma movie called "Surf Nazis Must Die". What a mess! She may not have been a great actress, but she certainly had two other great benefits that would help her move up. The amount of gore and the quality of the makeup effects is also nothing special. We are treated with some bizarre stabbings with a pen and some fried human flesh. The plot turns near the end are ridiculous and predictable, but by then no one takes the role of the role. "Aerobicide" (a Killer Workout) is recommended if you want to switch off all your brain functions for one night, but feel that you are watching a movie! It would actually make a huge double function with "Death Spa". Both films have very sexy and rare dressed babies? and both films are pretty stupid.
