On the surface, this film seems to deal with the psychological process called individuation, which is how to become a true self by embracing the so-called 'dark' side of human nature. So, we have the Darkling, a classic shadow demon creature that the company (it is recognition) of men is looking for and the story revolves around the different ways in which this need is dealt with, more or less successful. <br /> <br /> However, if we dig a little deeper, we find that what this movie is about is how you relate to your car as you would to any other person: - in the opening scene, character (male Car mechanic who fell off grace is gathering pieces and pieces of car wrecks at his daughter, when a car wreck almost hits the little girl. Lesson 1: Cars are immortalized persons, and car wreckage is the same with a serious robbery. The wicked have saved the dead and must be punished. - Just after that, another car (Rubin) buys a car wreck aimed at repairing it and selling it as a famous once-lost racing car and warned by the salesman. Lesson 2: Like any other person, a car has a unique identity that cannot be changed or replaced. In addition, there is the controversy that Rubin actually sees a hidden quality in what most people would just think of as junk, but eventually quality seems to be a projection of Rubin's own personal greed for more profit. Lesson 3: You will never just treat your car as a remedy, but always as a goal in itself. - then we have the scene where the main character is introduced to Rubin and, more importantly, Rubin's car. The main character's rating of the car's characteristics depends not only on its external appearance, but also on the thorough appearance in the engine room. Lesson 4: A car is not only judged by its appearance, that is what is inside that really counts. There are penalties for those who don't mind this lesson, as we see in the scene where another man is trying to sell Rubin a fake collector's car. Incidentally, this scene also highlights the importance of lesson # 3. <br /> <br /> There are many other examples in the movie of the car = person theme, and I am now too tired to bother with everyone, but the point remains (and I think that's what I'm really trying to say) that this movie is fun to watch if you have absolutely nothing else to do - or if you are a motorbike driver.
