Near the closing stages of Baby Mama, one of the central characters is going to describe the basic outline of everything that has happened before, and describe it as "just a mess"; I really couldn't say it better. And even though the trait has all its strange ray of hope, the vast majority of what is present is being manipulated to be considered relevant and inexorable to appreciate anyone's time. An intrepid throw, everyday writing and vague caricature characters make sure Baby Mama is definitely not taxed on the ol 'noggin, but it never makes it through his suggested sense of humor. It consists mainly of many routine, cliché jokes based on a strange couple (rich and poor) who try to live together while preparing to bring a baby into the world. The film is too esoteric to laugh outside of its very thin demographic. <br /> <br /> As a story about finding love, it's not that bad, but playing this plot line as a side story of kinds to work with the comedy-oriented strange couple, Characterization is particularly poor, resulting in a lukewarm romance that never rewards. As characters themselves, both central figures are generously amusing when merged into small spaces, but when left alone, unravel and relax. so while we can finally get to find the character's interactions with each other, the comedy is never far away from distant pits; We don't feel the characters and don't find them intrinsically interesting, but rather their dynamic. Unfortunately, although this dynamics works best, or at least better than the individual personas, as mentioned above, it rarely goes beyond the typical limitations of the odd link formula. <br /> <br /> Kate (Tina Fey) is a successful businesswoman who hired the working class, stupid-blonde Angie (Amy Poehler) to be her unlikely surrogate. After Angie decided to leave the dreamless man Carl (Dax Shepard), they eventually had to live, despite their obvious. differences. Yes, this is the typical peculiar representation, and one that we've seen in this year's Wat Happens in Vegas, nonetheless, is that Baby Mama lacks that film both chemistry between artists and semi-layered characters. Kate and Angie never deceive much of a personality beyond their two-dimensional outline, neglecting both artists to perform roles that require chemistry to produce from the air. In fact, the film's only real enchanting performance and character comes from the underutilized talents of Romany Malco, who are pounded to play a doorman. Of the few times I laughed at Baby Mama, most of those moments came from this man, and the rest usually fell to Shepard. <br /> <br /> Of course it's a rare thing to find a movie she's scripting themes in the way his world was shot and presented to us by the camera. However, director Michael McCullers goes off the page to screen effectively. Yet, for a movie about babies, multi-million dollar business and cultural stereotyping, it's not necessarily a good thing. Baby Mama is grade A, hammy, plastic tinsel-town with main borehole with sugar. So I didn't feel emotionally distant from the two-dimensional character to the characters, but I simply didn't care about the world they lived in. The dialogue, along with sets, costumes and the author's general themes, is painted in pastel blue and pink, so that all shades of humanity are lost in the directors' incessant need to make his movie feel like a neutered fantasy; these are not characters and this is not our world? so why should i care? However, at the end of the day, a romantic comedy's ultimate measure of success or failure comes purely to its chemistry between its love interests and the frequency of its laughter; Baby Mama is getting a little going on in any of these departments. Of course, to say that the movie is of no value will be unfair. I'm probably female audiences in a similar boat to the main character. Kate can get a slight kick from the proceedings, but anyone else will probably just feel and be bored. In this regard, Baby Mama avoids unbearable, but never convinced, to be something striking or worthy of looking at someone to his immediate audience; a comic dud and a romantic mismatch, Baby Mama is too light-headed to be interesting and too shallow. <br /> <br /> - An Overview by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
