I'm starting to think there's a conspiracy. Well, this applies to those who have access to published columns in newspapers and film and artificial magazines to ensure that this or that movie, in spite of its darkness, will reach a higher status via a rating point with a "universal" award "or something within the series will mark which unsuspecting people (like me) will wander in the theaters or rent the bloody thing and expect a surprise to just find myself <br /> <br /> This movie is one of them. It definitely made me bypass and every report I came across, because it is clear that two things might have happened: either I didn't get the message so hidden under this film's inner world as impossible to access, or they and I looked at two completely different movies that share the same name. 4 is a dirty trick on the audience. It is no wonder that it appears and disappears faster than you can say "cheat" and that despite the judgment it had on Metacritic, no one heard it. It is terrible with sugar on top. <br /> <br /> First, there is the everlasting number four from start to finish. Although there is some symbolism here and there are okay, and it has been done with varying degrees of success in many famous movies, this movie thrives with it. Four dogs at the start of the movie, looking at the camera in a previously empty street when suddenly machinery falls to the foreground and continues to froze the asphalt. Four people in a bar, although one of them is a non-entity. Three of them go their separate ways, but are connected, not only to each other, but to their lives. While this concept may work, the movie plays so much - especially with the story of the model played by Marina Vovchenko. It goes in the area of ​​the extremely bizarre and not in a good way - which gets lost in the initial theme in translation. Or maybe, as I said earlier, I just "didn't get it." The problem is also that so much time is spent on Marina's story (which turns on her sister's death, chew, no less, and the subsequent shrill mourning that follows) that any interest in the inherent Surrealism expires without a track. So, as if the same terrible stories that the three strangers have exchanged in a bar have a truth of their own? The director does not invest much time to really tie it down, or to weave a tougher story that can cut into a David Lynchian way of past, or within alternative dimensions or even as a fair, everyday science fiction story . It is an uphill battle against an insurmountable wall that can only endure a saint (or a stranger to strange things).
