Last week I saw the film at the Belgrade Film Festival, and I still work on the trauma. In essence, my view seems to fit a number of others. The first half hour was fresh, sharp, deep, entertaining and promising. Also acted. Natural. My problem, however, is not just that the last half of the movie has nothing to do with the equal start, nor the fact that I spent the most of this time, with sharp, rosy industrial sounds and cloned at drunk, toothless, bread cold. It is rather with the fact that they have never warned ME !!! The summary of the festival brochure only described the first half of the (quite intriguingly sounding) first half hour - a whore, piano tuner and meat seller chatted in a bar, and pretended to be an advertising agent, genetic engineer and small government administration respectively. . Mention at all about the never-ending gum smacking to come. Serve me right not to read the reviews, but you can say - but in my defense, a number of reviews I have looked at in fact did not emphasize the incompleteness and total flawlessness of most of the film. /> <br /> The first tip should be the introductory words of the director (a bashful, hasty Russian youth) who walked in front of the scavenger hall (the movie looks incredibly good and tickets were chosen well before the show, although most of the audience was as unaware as I was of the pain to come and judge by the plethora of relentless moans and groans that the theater had completely penetrated over the past half hour, and very notable comments at exit) to say the following: "Well, I ... um, thank you for the upcoming movie, and I just wanted to say ... well, it's a very long movie ... it took me four years to make it, and .. This is .. I suggest you see it and try to forget it right away. It's very long. Thank you for coming. " That's what he said. Alarm bells should have been. "What is he talking about?" I thought in happy confusion. "It's going to be fun!" Of course she made strange remarks to me by the time, but it was too late to come out. All I could do is become increasingly angry until the light goes on again. And in the end I can't say I feel any improvement through the experience. Yes, I absolutely loved the first half hour. It was intelligent, new, and has a lot to say. And yes, Russia is probably in a bad state. Yes, every society has many hidden faces. Yes, the toothless life in barren deserts is probably unthinkable difficult. Yes yes yes. I get it all. Really I do. But I see no earthly reason why art and meaning must be so painfully drawn, and so painful to carry. If you want to see a film ground somewhere between the extremes of glittering Hollywood plastic and fantastic hours of muddy vodka, try the Korean-Chinese Bin Jip (3-Iron). It is artistic and surprising, but also about and fun.
