MABEL AT THE WHEEL is one of those movies with a backdrop story that is more interesting than the movie itself. It was Chaplin's tenth comedy for Keystone during his apprenticeship, and his first two-reel. Here he played one of his last out-of-out scrubbers (although the feature length TILLIE'S PUNCTURED ROMANCE has not yet come), and it also marked one last time that he would work for a director other than himself. In fact, Chaplin's conflict with director and co-star Mabel Normand almost fired him from the studio. <br /> <br /> Chaplin did not get along with his previous directors, Henry Lehrman and George Nichols, but according to his autobiography that must be from a mere girl, was the last straw. Charlie and Mabel argued bitterly during the making of this film. Chaplin was another newcomer at Keystone and his colleagues didn't know what to do about him, but everyone loved Mabel. Producer Mack Sennett was about to shoot Chaplin when he learned that the newcomer's films were going on and exhibitors wanted more of them. Thus, Chaplin was given the promise to direct himself in return for finishing this movie as Mabel wanted it. br /> <br /> Unfortunately, nothing on that screen is visible in MABEL AT THE WHEEL, which looks like typical Keystone chaos. The story is about a car race in which Mabel's beau (Harry McCoy) is planning to compete, but Charlie and his henchmen deprive the boy and Mabel must take the wheel in his place. For all the races, brick squats and finger-bites the movie is honestly laughable, but there are some points of interest. There are some good cinematography and editing in the racing series, although there are no gags, just a few zealous activities. Chaplin himself seems strange, plays a goat-like beard on his chin and wears the top hat and dress he wore in his very first film look, MAKING A LIVING, but fits the outfit with the old-fashioned villain he shows throughout. At least it is novel to see how he plays such an uncharacteristic role. Visible in the stands at the racetrack, such Keystone stalwarts such as Chester Conklin, Edgar Kennedy are in a strange dandified rise, and a more distinctive Mack Sennett, tobacco spit and his usual mindless rube routine. As an artist, Sennett was as subtle as the movies he produced, but you have to give the man credit: he knew what people wanted. These films were extremely popular in their day. Mack's performance doesn't add much to MABEL AT THE WHEEL, but he probably had to be on hand for filming this one to make sure his stars didn't kill each other.
