Who would have wanted a sequel to Bert I. Gordon's legendary bad dirty movie "Food of the Gods"? No-one, of course, but director Damien Lee thought it was a good idea anyway, and he put together a delayed successor who is one of the most excess movies in horror history. "Gnaw" is only a successor, as the institution moves to a typical end of the 80's (a university campus) and also the cheap and cheesy effects illustrate the 80's perfectly. This script is linked by clichés, terribly written dialogues and plot situations that are not so subtly stolen from other (and more successful) horror classics. Neil Hamilton is a good two-footwear scientist who performs growing experiments on common rodents to favor a fellow scientist. Due to some incredible stupid animal rights activists, the big and rotten rats all escape anything on campus. Following on from the good old tradition that Spielberg's "Jaws" have begun, there is a stupid dean who refuses to acknowledge the problem even though severe mutilated bodies are popping up everywhere. During a hysterical grotesque climax, the rats opened the opening ceremony of the new sports complex of the campus! "Gnaw: Food of the Gods 2" is terribly bad and that's why it's fun to watch! The characters do and say unimaginably stupid things (like being unarmed in the sewers while they know they are infected with rats), the play is horrible and there is a really bizarre sequence in which the hero has sex under the influence of growth! I wonder what Freud's theory would be on that! There is a satisfactory amount of gore and sleaze and ?? it should be said ?? the music is amazingly atmospheric. If you just can't get enough of this litter, there are quite a few creature traits that turn to mutated rats, such as the Italian sklock movie "Rats: Night of Terror", the modest 70's cult movie Willard and his Lame sequel "Ben" , the 2003 "Willard" remake with Crispin Glover and the surprisingly good recent rock movies by once famous celebrities, Tibor Ticaks ("Rats") and John Lafia ("The Rats"). Go crazy!
