After surfing a few internet sites, I found the "Homefront" series on DVD at ioffer.com. Before anyone gets excited, the DVD set I received was burned by an amateur from the home of videotapes signed off their television 15 years ago. The resolution and quality are poor. The images look like you'd expect to see your re-recorded video. Although the ads have been worked out, the end credits of each episode still have voice over announcements for the segway in the ABC news program Nightline, complete with the top news headlines of the early 1990s. Even with the poor image quality, the performances were vigilant and the sound quality was good. <br /> <br /> For the show's credit, the foundry was almost perfect. Everyone was credible and really watched the part. Their action was also above average. The role of Jeff Metcalf is mainly played by Kyle Chandler (most recently in the 2005 King Kong repetition). The period costumes were very authentic like the sets, especially the 1940s kitchens with vintage equipment and décor. The direction was also creative and different for a TV show at that time. For example, conversations between characters are sometimes between cut conversations on the same subject between other characters in different scenes. The dialogue of the various conversations was kept fluid despite cutting back and fourth among the different characters and places. It takes good direction and editing and this has been done in this case. <br /> <br /> When I started looking at this series again, I suddenly remember why I lost interest in it 15 years ago. Despite all the ingredients for a fine show, the plots and story lines are disappointing and confusing from the start. For one thing, the name of the show itself is completely misleading. When World War II ended in 1945, there was no more fighting, so of course there was no "homefront" anymore. Oddly enough, the first episode of the show "Homefront" began in 1945 after the war ended. It's like shooting the first episode of "Gilligan's Island" that saved the castaways. The whole premise of the show's namesake is completely lost. I still hope to hope with the possibility that the rest of the series will be back, but no, the whole show will take place from 1946 to 1948. In addition, this series is miserable in any attempt to make any historical events of late. 1940's to accurately depict. . By the third episode, it becomes clear that this series was nothing more than a thin safe vehicle for an ultra-left political agenda. The show is in River Run Ohio, near Toledo. However, the show's continuing racism theme makes it more like Jackson-Mississippi than Ohio. Part of the ensemble cast is Dick Williams, Hattie Winston and Sterling Macer Jr. depicting the Davis family. Many of the series show that the Davis family is being discriminated against by the "whites" to be ridiculous and completely absurd if it is not ridiculous. The racism card has been played for over 40 years and played by Hollywood. We'll get it. We are also tired of rubbing our noses daily. The subject of racism is also unpopular with viewers and this is the shit for any show, as it was for "Homefront". The acting talents of Williams, Winston and Macer were wasted in their roles as the stereotypical "scared / angry black family". The exaggerated racism in this series seems like everyone in Ohio was a CCP member or something. The racism issue could be addressed in this single episode with a simple punch in the nose or fist fights in which a boyfriend gets a well-deserved scratch and releases it. To give a large portion of the series to racism is getting really old, really fast and it's just stupid. <br /> <br /> In another ridiculous plot line, the big boss of a local factory (Ken Jenkins) is portrayed. as an Ebenezer Scrooge such as character against pensions and increasing and uncomfortable about acid dripping on his employees. The workers are rebellious and take the factory in a blatant pro-communist propaganda message to the viewer. <br /> <br /> Personally, I think this series had great potential. The writers could have easily placed the timeline in 1941? 1945 as the title indicates and showed the hardship of food and gas rationing and worked for 14 hours at war factories. Of course, the loss of brothers, boys and men fighting overseas will also have added drama. The situation was also ideal for writing in special guest stars such as military or USO staff going through their town, training or traveling to Europe or the Pacific. The possibilities for good story lines and plots are endless. But no, the writers of Homefront (David Assael and James Grissom) completely ignored all relevant or interesting sites. Instead, they missed the point completely and found themselves in a bizarre and irrelevant obsession with racism and leftist politics. It would be unfair for the actors to condemn the whole series, but the sites and situations in which they were placed are total refuse.
