After reading the large number of comments on this movie, it is clear that there are two types of science fiction filmmakers. There are those who are well-read, extremely literate and intelligent. They know the history of the genre and more importantly they know what heights can reach in the hands of a gifted writer. Scientific fiction has been in the literature cellar for years. Consider my most critic to be a bit more than stories of jet guns and strangers intended for pre-pubescent teenagers. Today's well-read fan knows this history well and knows the great writers Asimov, Heinlein, Bradbury and Ellison, who helped bring science fiction out of the basement. Thus, they create thoughts, intelligent stories that stretched the boundaries and redefined the human condition. These well-informed supporters are critical of everything Hollywood throws at them. They are not critical for their own sake, but look at each offer with a skeptical eye. (As they should, since Hollywood's record was less than stars.) For these fans, the story has to be extremely important. They can't be fooled by flashy computer graphics and non-stop action series. When the emperor has no clothes, it shouts the loudest. <br /> <br /> The second kind of science fiction movie maker has little knowledge of the written aspect of the genre. (Look at many of the above remarks that say, "Well, I didn't read the book, anything from this writer ...) Their total exposure to science fiction is from movies or the Scifi channel. They are extremely uncritical, prepared To overlook large plot holes, poor premises and thin story lines if they get a healthy dose of wiz scary action and wonderful special effects, they are indeed willing to turn off their critical thinking skills (or maybe they never had it not!) While presumably based on Asimov's short stories and named after one of his novels, it contains little of what Asimov wrote and even less of what he was trying to tell us about humanity and our Robotic creations. What comes out and buys, Robot will be very surprised, this movie is not even based on that story! <br /> <br /> The movie has huge plot holes, some points stretching to the limits of credibility. I won't point it out not The spoon feeds you. You need to practice your thinking skills and discover it for yourself. The characters, named after many Asimov characters, do not have the critical intelligence that was a feature of his stories. The plot itself with all its action ranges goes against everything the author stands for. His belief that mankind has the ability to solve problems by using their minds, not their fists, is essential to understanding his vision of the future. In short, besides the name, they are much of Isaac in anything about this movie. There will always be those uncritical (ie unthinking) who will say, "The movie doesn't have to be like the book. Because of the medium, movies sometimes require changes to be made." But how about a case where the movie never tried to stay near the book (or books) from the beginning? What if everything they took from the written work was the title? It begs the question: Why beat a big piece of work by hitting the title on your turbulent crap? Save money and don't buy the rights to the works. Call it something else. Don't use the character's names. Believe me, no one will accuse you of plagiarism. In fact, it doesn't matter what you call it to the uneducated movie thrower, who accepts everything you throw at him. But it will read those who read, who are not willing to give you a nice light show. <br /> <br /> I, Robot, like many of Hollywood's acting on the genre, push Science fiction back into the basement that lived there years ago. Hollywood couldn't do it alone. It takes an uncritical mindless audience who will accept such a puerile dredge.
