Yes, Kazaam is one of those terribly bad movies that is almost reminiscent of everything that is wrong with not only children's movies but with humanity. Here we have Shaq as a rapping genius - yes, a RAPPING genius - where he does everything to make bad words to put on ridiculous outfits. Everything ends up in him in a Christian attitude with lots of light around him. So, yes, expect really nice bits, including the first wish that many rubbish is falling out of the air (and unfortunately not breaking out the two main characters, especially the child). What can't be expected is that a movie with a child and Shaquille O'Neill would be so incredibly schmaltzy! The main plot of the film involves this child, who is played in the all-too-typical and annoying-kid fashion by Frank Capra's grandson (where the child screamed his dialogue furiously), who comes across a genius is trapped in a safe. Then there comes a fun, because the child makes the Shaq genius his quasi-slave while waiting on his last two wishes. He tries to do so with his shadow-gang absent father. <br /> <br /> This Very Bad, Faced Boy and Dad story will be bad, as there are some lines in a million other movies (ie the "two chances in life" spoken by father to son). But it is Shaquille O'Neill who is both the reason to watch the film (ironically) and its obviously sinking core. His plot line, when he doesn't get the over-talk about Capra's treatment, entails rapping into the dialogue and starting his thriving recording career. He also kicks ass and takes names with the main bad guys who want him in the box again. So is there a camp factor for the movie? Up to a point, but even all the gentle scenes and 'sad' moments that don't really work with the rest of the material make it shrill. One can ask if the people who make the movie did, of course, for the sake of the popularity of a BASKETBALL player who wanted to go on the Michael Jordan theater wagon, if it were not near presumptuous or convincing. I hope they also knew they just paid. But I even hope they feel at least a little guilty after the word feeding the Shaq machine. <br /> <br /> So, if you want a fun night from Shaq as a genius turn-rapper-wipe-cracker, the better for you. Hell, it might even be interesting to have a Shaq movie wet with this and his other critically acclaimed effort Steel. But if you hope to keep a few brain cells, stay away from what is probably the worst movie of 1996, and a candidate among many others for the worst of the 90s.
