Reviewing KAZAAM and saying it's a bad movie is not difficult at all. Apparently, the critics at the time it fell, fell all over the world. It was one of the worst movies of the decade! The fact that I say it is bad or someone else says it is bad is certainly no surprise. It's like someone talking about World War II - virtually no one says it's a good thing, right? The question I have and cannot answer on IMDb is: "Why did they make it in the first place?!". After all, it is clear to anyone who is not seriously brain-damaged that the movie will be terrible. But, movies like ED (a baseball playing chimpanzee), COOL AS ICE (with the popular Vanilla ice cream), TROLL 2 (which doesn't even have trolleys in it), BABY GENIUSES (Einstain-like superhero babies) and PINOCCHIO IN OUTSIDE SPACE (hi!?!) Prove that any idea, no matter how stupid it can make on the big screen! So, the idea of ​​the best basketball player of the time shining as a genius to a tiny little brat seems straightforward! <br /> <br /> The movie starts with a child who is really jerky to key in the changing rooms in the hallway of the school. Like the punk of FREE WILLY, this kid is somehow "misunderstood" (in other words, a total brat) and you know it's no matter how selfish and horrible he is, by the end of the movie he learned something and grew. Just once I want to see a punk child as it is in prison or death by the end of the movie! Eventually, the genius Kazaam (Shaquille O'Neal) was accidentally released, while the neighborhood bulls were in the middle of his pummeling. He insists on giving the three three wishes. But the child doesn't believe him AND the genius's magic looks a bit rusty. <br /> <br /> Eventually, the brat realizes that Kazaam is for real. But unlike most kids, he keeps his wishes in check. Kazaam is now forced to follow him everywhere - like his own personal servant. And according to the cliché, you know that by the end of the movie, Max and Kazaam have become lifelong friends and a lot of tears will be shed. Oh, and Max will come with each other's absent father and mother's fiance (I'm going to gag). Apparently, this genius is a little social worker, in addition to a commitment of wishes. <br /> <br /> As far as Kazaam is concerned, Shaquille speaks in rhyme through much of the movie and even a break to rap ... very weak. I'm a middle-aged white man and I think I can probably at least rap! He's a great basketball player and I've heard he's a good guy - but a rapper ... no way! As far as his acting is concerned, he was not so good, but he had such a beautiful personality in the movie that it was hard for him to hate - even though they made him many stupid things. <br /> <br /> So is the movie so terribly horrible as you probably heard? by the first two thirds of the movie I would have said no. Shaquille tried to try his best with an unlikely child and a bad writing. But later in the movie, the bad becomes horrible - as Kazaam seems to be concerned about helping the child when he really needs it. And out of nowhere is the plot really scary - since the man who wants to make Kazam a rapster (?!?!) Seems to be an evil gang! And strangely, this man seems to assume Kazaam is a genius without hesitation! <br /> <br /> In addition, the last part of the movie consists of people trying to kill Max and his dad. I know the kid was annoying, but it's supposed to be a kid's movie !! What part of "trying to kill the child" did the writers not understand?! Then, in an end that makes the worst child movie in history end, Kazaam becomes god or something and it was all like a drug-induced hallucination! This end was even thinner and weirder than the one in THE BLACK HOLE ... and son, it hurt my brain !! Uggghh - the terrible dialogue was just too much to bear! <br /> <br /> Overall, this is a horrible movie that is mostly due to writers who were verily insane. Yes, people, with a mess message, bizarre non-child friendly material and horrible characters, this is a miserable movie. Unfortunately, with the idea and the actors, it's hard to imagine that the final product is much worse! <br /> <br /> By the way, if you want to see a Genie in a modern world movie that is GOOD, the British have made the TV movie "Bernard and the Genie" - a beautiful and extremely well-written film from start to finish.
