This 1996 movie was the first adaptation of Jane Eyre I ever watched and when I did, I was upset about it. So much of the novel has been omitted and I considered William Hurt a terrible miscarriage as Rochester. Since then I have seen all the other remarkable adaptations of the novel, the three short versions of '44, 70 and '97 and the three mini series '73, '83 and 2006, and I noticed that there are worse adjustments and worse Rochesters. <br /> <br /> This is undoubtedly the most beautiful Jane Eyre adaptation in cinematography. Director Franco Zerifferelli flames in beautiful long-shot snow falling from a winter sky, from lonely Rochester standing on a rock, and looking from Jane out of the window - but he is less good at telling a story and living characters bring. In addition, his writing just scratched the surface of the novel by leaving out many important scenes. As a result, the film does not show the depth and complexity of the relationship between Jane and Rochester, and unfortunately it does not include the humorous side of their community. There are a few short conversations between Rochester and Jane, each one is beautifully performed, but the few sentences they exchange are not enough to show the audience that they are being pulled together. We know they are supposed to fall in love, but we never really see it happen. The scene in which Rochester Jane's reaction to his dilemma wants to find his case in hypothetical form before her to the wounded Mason is completely missing and the farewell phase, the main scene - the climax - of the novel is reduced to four sentences . Zerifferelli does not make the mistake of other scriptwriters replacing their own poor writing for Brontë's beautiful lines. Critical scenes are also completely changed and rewritten, but it makes the less offensive, but in the end it is also a big mistake to simply leave out many important scenes. . The remnant is just a look at the novel, which does not justify Charlotte Brontë's masterpiece. <br /> <br /> The cast is a mixed bag: While Fiona Shaw is an excellent Mrs. Reed, Anna Paquin's young Jane is more unjust, Louter as a lonely little girl who longs for love. The ever-reliable Joan Plowright makes a very pleasant but outrageous Mrs Fairfaix, and one can't help feeling that Billie Whitelaw has to play the town witch instead of a quick, hard-working Grace Poole. However, Charlotte Gainsbourgh as the great heroine is physically a perfect choice to play Jane Eyre. She looks every bit like 18, thin and weak, with irregular, strong features, coming closest to my inner vision of Jane as any other actress in that role. And during the first 15 minutes of her screen-time, I was captivated by her performance. Gainsbourgh manages to make the audience guess at the inner fire and the strong will hidden behind the stoic mask. But unfortunately, the script never lets her expand the more passionate and lively side of Jane's character. Due to the release of so many scenes and shortening of the dialogue, Gainsbourgh's representation of Jane must necessarily remain incomplete and therefore ultimately unsatisfactory. It's a pity, as with a better script, Charlotte Gainsbourgh could be as good as Jane as Zelah Clarke in the '83 version. <br /> <br /> But while it's still clear that Gainsbourgh is trying to play Jane, there's no trace of Rochester in the character William Hurt portrays. Hurt, who proved to be a good actor in very good movies, had to know he was physical and typical so he didn't even try to play the Rochester of the novel. His Rochester is, except blond and blue, a talkative, well-made nobleman, shy and quiet, slightly angry and eccentric, but basically benign and gentle. He is so far from the fact that he is insatiable, lazy and stupid that lines that refer to these characteristics of his character are completely ridiculous. In addition, Hurt's facial expression during many moments of the film leaves him wondering whether he is fighting acute attacks of sleeping sickness. Especially in the proposal scene, he stirs like a patient who descends from a general anesthetic and cannot keep his eyes open. Comparing his Rochester to the strong and beautiful protagonist of the novel, bursting with energy and temperament, it's no wonder many viewers are disappointed in Hurt's performance. Yet he insults me less than the Rochesters in the 70s, '97s and 2006s, and I would generally rank this Jane Eyre higher than those three. Of course, Hurt had the understanding to admit that he couldn't be the Rochester of the novel, and didn't try to do so, while George C. Scott, Ciaràn Hinds and Toby Stephens thought they could, but failed, and I'd rather look at a character other than Rochester as a badly played Rochester. And I'd rather see a Jane Eyre movie that leaves many lines of the novel, but doesn't invent new ones as a version that uses modernized dialogues that sound like they're spoken by a couple in a Starbucks cafe today can be. Of course, this Jane Eyre is a failure, but at least it is an unofficial one, which can say more than one of the '97 and 2006 adjustments. So I wouldn't want to see any of this adjustment. You won't find Jane Eyre, but at least you'll get a beautifully crafted movie.
