Did anyone who made this movie, especially the director, save a thought for the logic of the story line? It's not just plot holes, but burial tombs, which are becoming deeper as we lose sympathy for the main character and his destiny. That's, if you are so kind, a viewer is brave to ignore the fact for most of the movies that the characters are either servants for the grave hole plot, or boring and unlikely. Or, in the case of Downey's & Hannah's characters, apparently superfluous. Considering the reason for the existence of Downey's character's significant screen-time in the film, I decided that either the director had his character and unnecessarily increased his screen-time (unlikely, as the director had nothing else to do with writing does not really need to change) or that his character will be sacrificed on the altar of the bad plot. I'll let you guess which one it was. <br /> <br /> I had to monitor the coverage of the DVD to confirm that it was truly credible. I can't understand why Robert Altman would take this job. Certainly, he has the power to choose and choose. Actually, I can't understand why anyone would accept this script, except for a first-time director looking for the experience. <br /> <br /> I suppose Robert Downey Jr needs the money for his habit. I suppose Kenneth Branagh wanted to try a southern accent. I think Robert Duvall was given just a few pages of the script and thought the role in isolation had intrigued listening. This is the only motivation I can see that will force good actors to record roles in this movie. As for Robert Altman, he made a lot of effort to make the movie look fantastic. I found myself having such a scene, or using the bright orange float jackets in another scene to draw the eye's movements, or to set up a beautiful filter for a specific mood to create. I don't typically see such things in movies, as most movies that I bother to watch end up involve me for reasons of good storytellers and interesting characters with understandable motives. I just watched it to the end, as some of the ridiculous elements of optimism in myself looked at that DVD cover and were convinced that due to the particular talent there were some redeeming factors in this movie. <br /> <br /> Beautiful direction. But that's not why I watch movies.
