... and you can look at the statement in different ways. First, it is a mess because of all the gruesome and extremely violent scenes. Your wildest imagination doesn't even come close to some of the explicit scenes here. Whole parts of this movie are just sick, disgusting, offensive, brutal and they bring you close to bending your intestines. Now, I love horror movies and I'm very "pro-violence", but I think it should lead somewhere !! Is it too much to ask? Cradle of Fear is just a series of completely ill and twisted thoughts. The "movie" contains four separate chapters related to a story story. This leads to endless display of torture, murder and illness just to find out that the victims have something in common. Not very informative, if you ask me. And yet - it must be said - the basic plot idea certainly has potential. It's about a cannibalistic hypnotist who made an agreement with the devil himself to avenge himself and cause misery and death to anyone involved in his trial. Personally, I think it's an interesting topic, so they should have focused on it rather than creating the most disgusting movie ever. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the whole production of this movie was a mess. They didn't have much of a budget and they spent everything on fake blood and guts. Tons of that !! The appearances are a joke and the worst I've ever seen. Any other special effects along the make-up look very amateurish (like that attempt to make a realistic car accident, for example). There is no tension or atmosphere to find anywhere. Not even an attempt to build one. <br /> <br /> Cradle of Fear is a failure and a missed opportunity to say the least. With the presence of the death metal icon Danni Filth (from the band Cradle or filth..get the link?), This movie is of course only meant for the eyes of distorted teens who try controversially. Troubled girls and boys who make fun of worrying their parents by looking at such a crap. And then people keep on telling you that the amount of suicide and youth crimes is increasing ... Bah. I can imagine that this movie can cause a lot of damage if you easily influence or have an unstable mind. For every self-respecting horror fan, this movie is an insult.
