I have read many good things about this adaptation of my favorite novel ... so always my expectations were broken. But they were more than expected. The movie would be a decent movie if I didn't read the novel beforehand, which might have ruined it. <br /> <br /> Anyway, for some reason, they changed the Toulon labor camp to a ship full of kitchen slaves. The scene at Bishop Myriel was good. In fact, besides the gallegas, things survived until Fantine's dismissal. Because we don't want bad things to happen to a good woman, she doesn't cut her hair, sell her teeth, or become a prostitute. The worst thing she does is run into the mayor's office and spit on his face. Bamatabois is completely eliminated. Because children should be out of wedlock, do not talk, Tholomyes is Fantine's dead man, rather than an irresponsible dandy. Valjean can fetch Cosette for Fantine before the Champmathieu affair, so they happily come together again. Another change. Then comes the monastery, which is a pretty difficult scene to screw on. Fortunately, it was saved. However, after these three minutes of accuracy, the movie starts again with Classic Novel Butchering. <br /> <br /> When Cosette and Valjean drive through the park, they come across Marius giving a speech at a meeting. About the prison reform. If he hand out refugees to Valjean and Cosette, he says one line in the movie that screams me on the TV. "We are not revolutionary." I could throw Victor Hugo in his grave. COURSE IS THIS REVOLUTIONARY! They want to revolt against the pseudo-monarchy that is in place for another republic, your stupid authors! It is a historical fact that in 1832 there was a revolt against the government. <br /> <br /> At one stage, Cosette Marius will give a donation from her father for the reform movement and meet Eponine. Except ... not Eponine. Or at least not the eponine of the book. This Eponine seems to be a good secretary girl working for prison reformers (working out of Cafe Universal as opposed to Cafe Musain). The public is not already thought of her, thanks to her non-period, low-cut, attractive dress and her cunning ways. <br /> <br /> Prison reformers (Lead by the worst Enjolas I've ever seen) decide that the issue of pamphlets is no longer good enough. So they are building barricades. I don't know about you, but I have never heard of reform movements tearing the streets and building barricades and attacking government troops. About three hundred people (it wasn't supposed to be so much) started attacking the National Guard and building a lot of barricades, etc. Eponine dies with thanks to Marius. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie is so accurate, except that Javert's suicide is difficult to understand, thanks to his tiny screen time and strange character interpretation. The movie ends with Valjean and looks at Javert jumping into the river. It is again inaccurate because Valjean would never have drowned Javert. He earlier saved the man's life, why does he now die? Then there is the whole remains of Valjean's confession to Marius, his decline and his redemption on his deathbed with Marius and Cosette at his side. <br /> <br /> Overall, I can mostly blame the writing for the issues. While I was happy, Enjolras and Eponine were at least in the movie, it was terribly wrong, just like the whole barricade scene. The elimination of Fantine's suffering prevents us from feeling too sorry for her. That Cosette knows Valjean's past with the plot a good deal. I didn't even see Thenardier and Mme. Thenardier had just a few seconds of screen time. Same with Gavroche. Like Frederich March's interpretation of Valjean, I thought a lot, but it was one of the redeeming features of the movie. On the other hand, Charles Laughton, for all his great acting in other movies, apparently missed the point with Javert. The lip trembled, the unnecessary shouting and his actions in general just felt very wrong. He also, like many Javerts I saw, didn't challenge at all, something that is required of the character. <br /> <br /> Again, this movie will probably feel much better if I haven't read the book. However, I would not recommend booking purists. I would also say that the movie would have been a good match for the time that the unknown French version did not come out the previous year.
