When I tell people I'm reviewing movies as a hobby, the first thing they say is, "What do you think of such movies?" There are some problems here. First, there is the probable chance that I haven't seen it and so I ruin my reputation. Secondly, I can waste that movie without realizing it is their favorite. Lastly, I can get DVDs to watch so they can judge my opinion. So, I find myself sitting in front of "The Convent", which is the kind of movie I would totally ignore, given the choice, but it can't be avoided here. More is unfortunate because this frightfully horror is about as scary as a boxing kitten. <br /> <br /> Following a good click, the monastery focuses on a lot of American high school students on a trip to a deserted monastery on a mission to be stoned, laid and gently spat. But you will never guess what happens next? A group of cannibalistic demonic nuns come from the cobwebs that continue to choose the kids one by one in classic horror film traditions. Will any of them survive and more importantly, don't you have better things to worry about? <br /> <br /> The only thing that "The Convent" saves to be a total waste of time is the fact that nobody really takes it seriously, except Coolio's bizarre cameo as a hyperactive policeman with " an itchy faster finger. It is far too amusing to be terribly scary - the zombie cheerleader who doesn't make chipmunk sounds for any reason, the day-to-day painting that appears when you become a zombie - but who really kills it as a horror the fact that you can immediately tell when someone is jumping and being murdered. But even if they tried, I still doubt it will work. Demonic nuns who wear the kind of makeup you see in the Buffy The Vampire Slayer television show aren't really that scary. The worst thing about this movie is that more than 10% of voters have given it a maximum score. I mean, I know it's funny, but I barely split my sides. To be honest, I had more fun in a dentist. <br /> <br /> "The Convent" is not really a horror movie as such. It's more of a comedy horror like 'Scary Movie' or 'Shaun Of The Dead', but rather you laugh instead. I can't honestly recommend it to anyone, except the family of the throw and crew, but even then I doubt that they enjoy it. I do not enjoy the "so bad that it is good" - I personally feel that if the filmmakers cannot be hoped to save a turkey, I shouldn't get a little breast to see it. Yes, it's a bad movie and yes, they really had to go home and have done something more constructive. A Rubik's cube, for example. The DVD box has two price stickers - one for £ 4.99 and a reduced price of £ 3. But it's sold for £ 1 and it has to tell you everything you need to know about this poxy, cheap, terribly bad movie. Sorry if you do, but "The Convent" is really a lot of unholy crap.
