Gloomy. Schlocky. Just terrible and terrible. Let us be honest, when you sit down to see something called The Double-D Avenger, you don't expect good art or even light mainstream entertainment. You probably expect a cult film type and may have some good looks at some impressive breasts. You don't really get one of these in the video. The story, as with most of these types, is null and void: Kitten Natividad manages a local bar, finds out that she has breast cancer, flies to South America for a fruit claiming a panacea for give any sick and super-human abilities, returns and battles, dressed as Double-D Avenger, a group of a local strip club that wants to ease the competition. As stories go, I've seen much worse, but as another reviewer noticed, the performance is terrible. The action sequences have no zipper, drive, motivation and fabric thin. The acting is not even a champion and the dialogue is the well. Nothing, and I mean nothing is funny from the wincing points to the heavy-handed boob references. Everyone can be forgiven if the girls can do it, but they all fall short. Kitten, Haji and Raven de la Croix are all quite older (still beautiful in their own ways), but reveal nothing and become the antithesis of what they are trying to be: older caricature of their former cells. Instead, they look so crippled and desperate - more because of the vehicle, they rather become 'rather' than their own abilities. There are some other beautiful ladies, but you really don't see much of anything. PG-13 can definitely be a suitable rating for this. The material, the actresses and the director are all tired, tiring and dated - and again - not fine! It was a cruel hour plus to sit through it, and it was a shame because I was expecting something camping and fun. The guy who plays Bubba on the road was the only real laugh at me. Not that he was good to you, but every time he opened his mouth, I thought how terrible he was. The only bright spot here is perhaps Sci-fi himself, Forrest J. Ackerman, plays the curator of a laundry museum and talks to her was Frankenstein, called Frankie. Other than that, it's a complete bust - now it's for another tired, terrible, thin pun!
