I interviewed Rob Schneider (who played the main character, Marvin Mange, in this movie.) He said he wanted to emphasize physical comedy here so much that even if you turned off the volume, you would laugh at this movie. Of course this must be the secret. I turned up the volume. I actually listened to this thing and thought it was a disaster and totally indecent - a huge disappointment after Schneider's hilarious performance at Deuce Bigalow, Male Gigolo. <br /> <br /> The story is dumb: Mange is a big loser who dreams of being a police officer filled with a bunch of animal transplants after a car accident by a mad scientist who is properly named Dr. Called Wilder (Michael Caton), and consequently lost control of his "animal instincts". "It makes him a" super-head. "He can sniff drugs and hide them in body cavities, and run out of horses. Of course, he also has a nasty habit of eating people's cows and deceiving their goats, but it's definitely a little price to pay? It just didn't do anything for me. <br /> <br /> The cast has left a lot to be desired, is there a more annoying actor in Hollywood than John McGinley? Here he plays Sgt. Sisk, Mange's commander of the police force, as an indifferent cartoon character (much like his doctor's character in the inexplicable popular TV series "Scrubs.") I was anxious to see Colleen Haskell's first "serious" acting work (Can anything is called "serious" in this movie?) Of course she got her fame as a participant on the first "Survivor" and she proves here what we knew about it: she is cute as a button. that she has any notable talent as an actress, and what is with Ed Asner as police chief Wils one. I mean, how old is this man now? He is the size of some of the cows. Many tried to eat, and he looked completely out of the breath. I'm surprised he made it through the filming. There is a brief close at the end of Adam Sandler (who also served as Executive Producer of this.) <br /> <br /> Anyway, I struggled twice: Mange plays with his squeaky toys in the police car and the scene Schneider has with Haskell and the orangutan - the orangutan has more acting talent! So, for two chuckles - 2/10.
