I am a student of film, and have been around for years. And the concept of a cyber, kung-fu, satirical chimpanzee wondered to me: "Is this the movie that will break the shape?" Let's see it, America has never been cut down by a piece of cinema that contains a simian costar. After entering as many classic as Monkey Trouble and Dunston Checks, I thought the best ideas had already been taken. But then comes "Funky Monkey". I laughed, I cried, I planned suicide. <br /> <br /> Now I read about pigeon conservation in the Bible, but it still doesn't explain why someone would create such a product of evil. First, I realized that a chimpanzee was actually a monkey, not a monkey. However, I was sure that the filmmakers would clear this problem further in the film. They didn't. Let me summarize this artwork: A company named Z.I.T. decided to train chimps as soldiers. Why? I think they call something about the soldiers working for bananas, but if it costs about $ 13m government money to train one chimp, it doesn't look cost effective. Well anyways, Z.I.T. Brings a CIA specialist (Matthew Modine) to train Clemens (The Chimp). Clemens is everything Z.I.T. hoped for. He can take a whole shift of guards, all of whom have gained their training skills in the local shopping mall, and yet manage to remind us that we are watching a child's movie. As you may guess, Modine finds out that Z.I.T. His intentions are angry (Gasp!) and decide to break out of Clement. As a CIA agent and everyone knows Modine that the best way to make himself disappear is to go to a big city, rent a guest room, make television appearances while fighting crime and checking out use to pay everything. <br /> <br /> SIT find out where Modine stays and send two of them best to get him. These guards are probably the greatest comedy team since Martin and Lewis, or was it Turner and Hooch? It doesn't matter anyway, because in the end, for a spin of a spin, the good guys win !!! Yay! Hooray for predictability! Throw in a naughty kid who learns to be himself, a lonely mother who needs a date, and music settings that contain songs that are even colored by Radio Disney and you get 'Funky Monkey'. The climax after the movie? A soccer game! Played by thugs, bumblers, a chimpanzee and the nerd boy. No one seems to care about such substitutions at a high school football game. <br /> <br /> Funky Monkey never stops! This is the forefront of your seat entertainment. Some even call it the "American Beauty" of monkey-filled features. After this epic, I remembered hearing a story about a railway worker who lost many of his brain functions when a metal bar pierced his temporal lobe. Funky Monkey is a metal rod underneath movies.
