I watched it a few days ago, so details get furious. The film is shot at hand cameras, and much of it was made when it was originally released, as we didn't make many studio photos this way. I can't help but feel it was more of a gimmick than anything designed to make the audience think that what we see on the screen didn't have all the big budget compromises, and that was But what we have here is not much more than a not-so-good end to the first half of Full Metal Jacket, someone who saw it, or anyone else, will know what to do. expect. <br /> <br /> The main problem I had was the stereotypical characters, with the soft children from their depths, near harmony singing, Ebonics spitting black dudes, world-filled sergeants, bitter and twisted psychos etc. etc. ... everything is put in the kind of situations that will give the friction and tension at any given time, perhaps it was deliberate to highlight the stupidity and injustice of the situation, maybe it was laziness or maybe it was just A committee trying to appeal to the biggest audience, all I know was irrite rend. One new thing was the mix of volunteers and draftees (where usually all the characters in the situation would have been forced), although only the screens between the two main characters really play a lot. It seems to be the main lathe of the plot, with the volunteers coming to their senses, and the tricks get a sense of duty and self-esteem, but it's all done in a rather forced and unreliable way. The other big mistake I had was how all the characters (with the exception of the psychosis and the real softies) will respond to every inevitable conflict with the first aggression and threats of violence, which is confronted with Farrell's ubiquitous stoism. Immediately back and everyone reasonable and diplomatic. <br /> <br /> I think I should get a plus, if it were the two leads, which were strong and very convincing, considering the formal nature of the characters, it wasn't too difficult. <br /> <br /> In my imagination, Bozz grew bigger than Zeke of Tour of Duty, and for my money, 4 episodes would be more fun to watch.
