* Warning - no plot spoilers before, but movie spoilers though ... * My significant other thought it would be a huge romance with an all-star cast. Wow - very, very wrong. This movie is an exaggerated, overwhelming and exaggerated sentimental excuse for a student love theater free 15 years after it was shot! The boxing copyright date in 2005, but during the very first setback, I watched the clothes and hairstyles that had to be in the early 1960s, and noticed that the girls wear dresses and hairstyles especially in the late 80's / early 90's. It looks like it's been shot a good 15 or 20 years before the rest of the movie! I tried myself to be a setback, and it was supposed to look old, but it was WWWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY trying more than 60's or even the 21st century. Then there is an adult colleague of the main character, and he looks just like the boy who appears in the rebound sequence (yet it is another, much older character whose youth appears in the flashbacks). I was completely confused until I saw in the particular features that the card included - that was all the setback, shot in 1990 as a complete student episode with the same title as this movie! It also contains comments that include the little boy who all grew up (and indeed the co-worker in the 2005 scenes). So, this movie is just a shell of a story that is rolled around an old, redesigned student television as a clear excuse to get it on theoretical time. The shell story, shot in 2005, is mostly about a man who has lost his wife and he gets healing and salvation at the dance class he promises to be a dying man he will attend in his place (something about a promise who will meet the dying man in the early 60s for his girlfriend they meet on the fifth day of the fifth year of the new millennium - an excuse to shoot the segments around the old movie in 2005?) These new scenes and plot could has been OK, except for the terrible, overly sentimental score that is repeated almost every new scene and the click action that penetrates the new movie. Don't bother. There is a reason why you have never heard of this movie, even though it has a well-known cast - it's terrible.
