When I saw that Mary Louise Parker was associated with this epic novel movie, I was intrigued. As a fan of the book, I assumed she would play Tony, Roz or Charis, but more so, I was intrigued to see how they would change this head-y, almost psychological (but not psychological) thriller into a movie that would be accessible to those who did not read the novel, and that would at least be generously satisfactory to those who had it. The book is a complex reflection of society, women and modern life, and I was interested to see how they used the 3 different stories that led to the unfolding of the story in a movie. What they actually did was a crime. <br /> <br /> The biggest problem and confusing problem is: Why would Oxygen, a woman's advertising advertising, be a wonderful book on how complex, wonderful and terrible women are and can be, and change the protagonist of 3 women to a dumb former police spokesman without any real motive to be involved in the story? It seemed as if everyone who adjusted it had taken an easy way out of using this man to ask Roz, Tony and Charis straight on how they knew Zenia and rushed through most of the book. By doing so, they have astonished the story and cut off everything that is good about the characters in it. Apart from being made so, the audience has no credibility to associate with it. In the film these women are not people, they are characters. <br /> <br /> In the book, Zenia killed her, but the book calls it to overtake this point, while the film spills 30-45. minutes focus on this former policeman who runs around and doesn't use anything. They tried to make this complex book an episode of Law and Order of CSI. <br /> <br /> It seems that Mary Louise Parker has played Zenia, which was so wrong. Zenia is a Catherine Zeta-Jones, Angelina Jolie, or even a Scarlett Johnasson type. She is a woman who cannot worship men, and a woman where women are sometimes threatened, but in a "keep your enemies closer" kind of way. And as soon as she approaches, she looks completely sincere and trustworthy, in spite of your better judgment. She is the kind of woman who even loses her, she wins: she's always beautiful, still rich, and there are always people who don't know her game. <br /> <br /> In the film, Zenia did not take Charis's husband (the blonde American draftsman who first used Charis ...) but took in August and tried to become her legal guardian (and apparently come back to be her Lesbian lover if an urgent kiss at the coffee shop implies). And Zenia killed the chickens before leaving August, but it didn't make any sense, since all the construction was removed. It was as if everyone who wrote the script grabbed straws to satisfy those of us who read the book, but I don't think I read the book. If I bothered all of them, I'd spend the whole movie together. <br /> <br /> And Roz's husband was dead before Zenia came into the picture (which was strange because Zenia Roz's business and home life took in the book. That's why Roz hated her so) and she and Zenia did conspired to kill Roz's husband years and years back. And according to the movie, Tony and West were always forever ... even at the party where Zenia and Wes (in the book) painted the whole place black and they made Tony look like it was all along (and angry) person which is always respected by everyone for her intelligence and popular for it. Tony's character was so wrong in this movie ... she was a little psycho and like the mastermind behind the conspiracy crashing, unlike the kind of gawky, gently retracting teacher she was in the book. The movie is basically implied, smart women are angry, beautiful women are evil, powerful women are evil, and women who learn yoga are from their rockers. <br /> <br /> They basically tried to make it. Zenia wasn't necessarily as horrible as she was in the book, and eventually the three women convinced this former police spokesman (who, of course, is in the process of investigating it, meets Zenia and has a relationship with her that is supposed to end with them to Barbados or something ridiculous, which of course Zenia confesses) to hide Zenia's body (which they found at the hotel where she stays, but the film implies that one of three women pushed her over the balcony or forged together has to do this ...) and then Zenia also managed to get all Roz's money in the process. By the end of the film I was only half the attention between advertising b / c it had so far flushed into space that it could and should have been. <br /> <br /> If you are not confused about this, breaking down the movie, then you may like it, because I read the book and saw the movie, and from the movie alone I am ridiculously confused. It was awful. I get that making a movie out of that book is quite a task, but if you are going to do the job, you have to start by determining what is unnecessary in the book, rather than creating a useless character to be our Alice in wonderland. . <br /> <br /> Are there really no fluffy books that can make Oxygen at least half a half TV movies?
