As most reviews of this film take place ten years ago, I would like to add a more recent one, B-17's stockpile movie shooter bombarding Germany, filming Oskar Werner's Hauptmann captain Wust character and his aide run for cover while away to Hitler's Fuehrer Bunker. Once inside, they are searched by the staff of the bunker staff. The film is then cut to one of the many conference plays with Albin Skoda giving a decent impression of Adolf Hitler, who is trapped in his "Ultimate Victory", while Werner's character is shown to the bunker denizen. a fantasy world. Some non-bunker events are depicted. It is especially the flood of the metro system to prevent a Russian incident by them and a minor. subplot involving a young member of the Flak unit and his family's trouble surviving suffers from a number of detail inaccuracies that a German film made only 10 years after World War II; The actor depicting Goebbels (Willy Krause) is the same uniform as Hitler, including the poor eagle. Goebbels wore a colored Nazi party uniform with swastika bracelet. The SS soldier wears German army camouflage, the well-documented Hitler scene that marks the iron cross. after the Hitler youth boys were shown to have been inside the bunker (it was done outside in the courtyard) and lastly, Hitler's suicide weapon was clearly shown as a Belgian colored model 1922. According to most accounts, it is a Walther PPK-one bit of acting also seems totally inaccurate with the drunk dance scene near the end of the film that is remarkable. This bit is shown as a cabaret kit, with a drunk wounded soldier (his arm in a splint) maniacally goose-stepping to music while a nurse combines striptease / belly dance, all at candlelight ... it's actually embarrassment to look-the most amazing thing is when Werner's Captain Wust win is only heard with Skoda's Hitler, Hitler is shown to be knocked down on a wall bench, stunned and cruel, when Werner's character begins to question him Hitler's scream coming in a SS guard, shooting the Werner's character in the back with a gun. This crafted scene is not based on a true historical account - Werner's character is then shot down to die in an anteroom, while Hitler is preparing his own end. Hitler's farewell to his staff is shown, but suicide is out of the box. The last second of the movie shows that Hitler's funeral smoke slowly forms in a haunting form. image of the face of death Oskar Werner / Hauptmann Wust-this movie is more allegorical than historical and anyone interested in this period will be better able to watch more recent movies such as the 1973 remake "Hitler: the last 10 days" or The German film "Downfall" (Der Untergang), if they want a more true accounting of this dramatic story, are these last two films based on the first person's eyewitness account, with Hitler: the last 10 days bene g composed of Gerhard Boldt's autobiography as a staff officer in the Fuehrer Bunker and "Downfall" made of Hitler's secretary's remembrance, Der Derzte's act of Nuremberg war crimes trial judge Michael Musmanno's book "Ten Day It's dying ", which is more a compilation of events (very, of course, imaginative) than eyewitness history. It is surprising that Hugh Trevor Roper's account, "The Last Day of Hitler", was never made in a movie.
