And I repeat, please don't see this movie! It's more than a review. This is a warning. It sets the record for the worst, most effortless comedy ever made. At least with most of the recent comedies, the gagas are rough and flat, but the authors and directors have at least made some effort to make them funny. I never get tired of repeating one of my favorite motto: Everyone thinks they can do comedy, and only 10 percent are right. Comedy is hard! It is not a genre that can play a fool. I think it's horrible that movie makers compare this piece of garbage with Kentucky Fried Movie. Basically, this madman compares their so-called comic talents to those of the brilliant Jim Abrahams and the Zucker Brothers. Come on, I've seen Pauly Shore movies that are 10 times more funnier than the "The Underground Comedy Movie." Here's an example of the comedy for those who are curious to see this movie: One sketch involves a superhero, dressed like a penis called D ** kman. The whole joke is that he defeats his enemies by spraying them with semen. That's it. That's the whole joke. Wow. It's enough to make Root Top roll. Another sketch involves a man who has sex with a dead in a porn movie. And in another sketch, there is a beauty competition for business women, in which we are exposed to the terrible sights of bikini-dressed middle-aged women with beer shells and stretch marks. Plus, making fun of the homeless is more sad than funny. It's a step away from mocking the mentally handicapped. The whole movie is supposed to be a satire. I think the filmmakers have forgotten that an important element of satire ... is truth! For anyone who actually enjoyed this crap, explain to me what is truth about any of these gags! Some of the sketches might have sounded funny on paper, but anyone who has taken any writing magazines knows that if a siggag sounds funny on paper, it's probably not funny on the screen. If I tell someone about a big, black, muscular gay virgin who saves him for the right man, he or she will probably laugh. But looking at the premise played for about 10 minutes on the screen, is a complete draw. I hate how people as a low-brow comedy like this are criticized for not being funny, they are considered square squares. I recently saw "White Chicks". It's still a low forehead, politically wrong comedy, but I laughed my head. The most offensive thing about "The Underground Comedy Movie" is not funny! What the authors and directors do not understand is that it is just dirty and tasteless, not working. There must be more! Just think of the well-known scene of "There's Something About Mary" (ironically, the angry filmmakers have placed the Farrel list on their special thank-you list.) The joke about the semen was not only funny because it involved body fluids. There was a build-up. Ben Stiller was masturbating in the bathroom to make sure he didn't go out with a "loaded gun" on a date. Then he looked around to see where all the semen went after it was released. A knock is on the door, and he has to answer it. His date, Mary, is at the door and that is when Ben's semen seems to hang. In this movie there are several gags that include characters that spray many sperms in humans, without any build-up. As Jay Leno always says, "This comedy thing isn't that easy, is it?" Keep this in mind, Vince Offer, because you are not cut out for this genre !! The only reason people can laugh at these gags is because they want to feel hip. Let's see it, these days it's hip to laugh at anything politically wrong. I know comedy is subjective ... but this movie should not be funny to anyone, except perhaps the filmmakers themselves. As a side note, the movie had to be made before Michael Clarke Duncan's fame in movies such as "Armageddon" and "The Green Mile." There can be no other reason why an actor of his caliber would be voluntary to be part of this amateur freak show. All others in the film are either non-actors, actors or B-movie stars. Karen Black made a good impression in "Five Easy Pieces", but I don't think she has done anything about it since then. Slash was probably immersed in this movie. Gina Lee Nolin is nothing without "Baywatch." Angelyne is the movie's biggest star (bearing in mind that Duncan wasn't known at the time), and there are probably a lot of people who haven't heard from her - for good reason. I usually support very low budget slips, but this deserves a deadly dream. I hope it doesn't become a cult classic! Shouldn't there be a law against the spread of crap like this?
