David Mackenzie's follow-up of the brilliant Young Adam wants to be a sense of good story of a lonely voyeur's attempt to confront certain psychological problems with his dead mother. It wants to be gritty, realistic and mysterious. At the same time, it wants to be funny and indifferent to his disturbed lead, as he sets himself up as an adult. <br /> <br /> To achieve this goal, the movie is trying hard to be youthful. The poster has hand-drawn letters that look like Juno. The original soundtrack consists of fast indie rock trying to convince the audience that Hallam is OK; just a little wrong. But strangely, the film is nothing but youthful. <br /> <br /> Like Young Adam, this film's central mystery about a drowning woman - in this case, Hallam's mother. Young Adam keeps his mystery silent, contemplative and fitting enough to bring you the truths as they come. Hallam Father does the opposite. It predicts his character's psychosis so clearly and so early that he never really does anything beyond his expected parameters. The opening scene is Hallam in his tree house and watches his sister move around with her boyfriend. Hallam interrupts quickly and claims his presence in the household. Here we see everything Hallam will do for the rest of the film. <br /> <br /> The mystery surrounding his mother's drowning is whether it was suicide or murder by his father's girlfriend. The audience can never really trust Hallam, because we believe his obsession did not just make him angry. This has prevented the mystery for me because Hallam is too sporadic to be tolerant. Just when he found some clues that would support his claim, he left the house, first he looked for the police. Then he gets sidetracked by a girl who looks like his mother, who frustrates the story of the mystery element. <br /> <br /> While Jamie Bell brings many distinctive features to his lost character, he was limited by the obviousness of his psychological needs. This movie is by no means mysterious, but it is not blunt either. It tries to be realistic in dealing with such issues, but it adds a very self-confident spunk that registers itself as the opposite. It's a soundtrack-heavy, train-mocking attitude to help the audience get rooted for a protagonist that scales buildings, lures, and camps for the sake of voyeurism. This urban chat room adventure. Hallam involved is too difficult for a domestic boy to get involved, and they are not sexy, greedy or pleasant. They are more neutral than anything; don't drive the character or story. Mackenzie lets Hallam understand, but he fails to build common ground. <br /> <br /> He expects you to enjoy Hallam's trials and tribulations without much ideological justification. The film depends on the audience's perspective on voyeurism / the kind of person involved. Obviously, most people will be disgusting. And Hallam Foe realizes this, but that doesn't let us see Hallam weighing the morality of his decisions. He goes from person to person and tries to fill his deep void. There is a particularly disturbing line of Hallam's love affair, Kate, where she says drunk: "I love creepy boys," the audience may have asked to do the same. The line is trying to see her understanding of him (her motivation remains vague throughout) and tries to prevent us from judging him. It's not hard to keep Hallam, but it's very difficult to take part in his adventure - even if it's an adventure. The film is trying all the time to use its flamboyant soundtrack to defend its unmistakable mood. <br /> <br /> Great performances are being delivered by a movie with a poor third act, muddy development and unnecessary ambiguous direction from Mackenzie. Recently, this movie has been re-named for an American release, and for what reason? Not only is it unattractive, but the hard truth is that the Hallam character never deserves the title of 'mister'.
