First ... with names like Fred Olen Ray, Brinke Stevens and Jan-Michael Vincent, plus distributors like "Rhino" and "Troma" on the video box, you know what you are entering with this one. B movie mania! If you really want to see a thriller based on Edgar Allan Poe, "Forget it and go straight to the excellent series of Roger Corman 60s Poe movies. It's a pure, unpleasant sleaze (with just a pedestrian attempt on a plot similar to "The Premature Burial", complete with lots of R-rated, ready-to-watch sex and nudity, which is definitely entertaining and fun in a sneaky way ... Brinke (who has three nude stations in the first 30 minutes ) plays a rich, traumatized, messy housewife Victoria Monroe, whose fear of being prematurely vaccinated tribes from her belief that the same fate had experienced her father (Hoke Howell), her worthless husband Terry (Jay Richardson) sustained a serious gambling debt (owed to a gangster who was played by Robert Quarry) and with the help of his kinky, blonde, European-accented six-legged secretary Lisa (Delia Sheppard) Brinke for her money. blonde wig as a hypnotist (she is Too talented to play such an insignificant role), 50-year-old Sci-fi / horror star Robert Clarke plays a doctor and family friend and Michael Berryman is up for a decent nightmare series that has an autopsy on a performing silent Vicki. Jan-Michael Vincent mostly sits outside a house in his car that makes goo-goo eyes when Brinke enters and leaves the house. <br /> <br /> The killing-a-spouse-for-the-heritage plot is a million times before the end is an inadvertent laugh-riot (concluding with a direct rip-off of The Zuni Fetish Doll segment in TRILOGY OF TERROR) and everyone who created the terrible stabbing face and decomposed head FX for this release needs a bit of their skills. Brinke does a decent job that makes her character somewhat sympathetic, but the biggest surprise is how well the former Penthouse Pet Delia Sheppard is in her role. She stole every scene she was in and played the outing here well.
