Prove why Hollywood conventions are in place. Steel dialogue, underdeveloped and flat characters and an unheard of storyline are only part of the problems with this gangster classic wannabe. An attempt to be daring and different, but it seems an attempt to restore the magic of Arthur Penn's Bonnie and Clyde (1967) and George Roy Hill's Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid (1969). filmmakers and movies - but fall well under the bar. Problems with self-explanatory storylines result in the need for a voice review to explain problem sections. The editing appears again as an attempt to duplicate previous classics, but is sometimes deviant and causes more technical problems. Unnecessary shots are thrown in to justify their filming, but would have served the viewer better by sitting on the cutter floor. Stills, black and white fittings and periodic music are occasionally thrown into attempts to either be different or to cover scenes that can't go well, or to replace scenes that just haven't worked and remind by Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid (1969). <br /> <br /> Excessive dramatic pause between sentences, random shots of surrounding scenery that were not needed for storytelling and upbeat of bitter players and supporting actors. was reminded of the backyard video camera directors of the late 1980s - I left to wonder who was in charge of this movie during production and during production. Playing music in most two shots and close-ups and then suddenly stopping in wide shots highlighted a poor musical score. No sound editing was drastically clear, as most of the movie was shooting, doors, footprints and dialogue (a style used by new directors in the late 60's through the 70s). noise, especially the tire squeaks on dirt roads. In my honest opinion, the biggest problem of all is that there are no similar characters for the audience to navigate, nor as the main characters of the story. Not the gangsters or the judges were characters I wanted to see winning and were not focused on as the "hero" - a necessity for any story to work for me. We know about Penn's and Hill's movies that are 'heroes'. Even though they are criminals, we like them and want to see them get away. I could care less who was in the movie on the screen. I got the impression that John Milius was trying to give a non-historically accurate reenactment documentary version of the events surrounding John Dillenger's life from June 1933 to July 1934 (his death). <br /> <br /> To be honest, there are a few moments of good solid storytelling, which shines moments that are bright from the dark and dishonest look in this movie. John Milius is more grateful in future films where he does not try to copy other filmmakers. Dillinger (1973) is not a total waste, as many stars and famous faces that are about to break out are involved in this live 'big budget' debut, but are waiting for it on a classic movie channel rather than renting money. or buy. <br /> <br />
