Once again I saw a movie made by people who know nothing. I recently reviewed Baby Face Nelson. Now I saw Dillinger and I had it. <br /> <br /> This movie is garbage. I don't know how anyone in their own mind could compare it to a classic like Bonnie and Clyde. This movie is far from a classic. Someone called it brilliant. It's a foolish thing to say. This movie can't get straight facts and it has the worst decisive thing I've ever seen. I don't know whose stupid idea it was to throw Warren Oates as John Dillinger. First of all he doesn't look like him. Second, by the time John Dillinger was murdered, he was 31. When Oates made it, he was 45! You can even say he's older than the real Dillinger, just by looking at him. Not only was he too old, but also Ben Johnson as well as Melvin Purvis. <br /> <br /> They show Baby Face Nelson dies, then Homer Van Meter, and finally John Dillinger. John Dillinger was killed for both of them. The last one to die from the three was Baby Face Nelson. Not only do the authors not know when they are dead, but they also do not know how they are dead. Baby Face Nelson was not killed after escaping into a mantle from Little Bohemia. Homer Van Meter was not murdered by farmers with gun guns. Homer Van Meter was trapped by police in St Paul and knocked down with machine guns. Another member of Dillinger's gang, Harry Pierpont, is being shot by the police in this movie. Pierpont was not shot. Harry Pierpont was arrested and sentenced to die in the electric chair. I'm going to what happened to Baby Face Nelson on my Baby Face Nelson review, so I'm not going back here. I also want to add that Richard Dreyfuss's portrayal of Baby Face Nelson is pathetic. There is a scene where he attacks Dillinger and then gets a bad beat. As Dillinger hit him, he cried like a baby and shouted: "Leave me alone!" Baby Face Nelson and John Dillinger never fought. Perhaps Dillinger did not agree with Nelson's banking methods, but they never fought. Nelson never cried like a girl while being beaten. They call him Lester "Baby Face" Nelson. He was never known in his life with that name. Nelson's real name was Lester Gillis and he changed his name to George Nelson. The black man who escaped from prison with Dillinger was Herbert Youngblood, but in this movie he is known as Reed Youngblood. John Milius knows nothing. Where the hell did John Milius get his information? I can probably make a better movie than him. <br /> <br /> Finally, the way they died John Dillinger was shameful and inexcusable. The film shows Dillinger from the biography with the Lady in Red and his girlfriend Billie Frechette. By the way, Billie Frechette wasn't even that night. But a girl named Polly Hamilton was. Melvin Purvis shouted, 'Johnny!' Dillinger pulls out his gun and is blown to hell. It is proof that Dillinger didn't have a gun that night. The FBI gave him no chance to surrender and as soon as he was in sight, they blew him away. They didn't even shoot him. They were so close that powder burns were found on his face. It was murder. They also say the man died that night John Dillinger wasn't. After killing tons of civilians in the Little Bohemia incident, can you imagine the FBI reporting that they just killed an innocent unconscious man? The gun they had on Dillinger's performance also proved that they should not be manufactured to Dillinger's death. I can continue with the way the man they killed was not John Dillinger, but I will stop here. If you want to know more, check it out here. <br /> <br /> See if you want the Dillinger version with Lawrence Tierney, but don't waste your time with this inaccurate piece of garbage.
