Anyone who visited in the 1950s, 60s and 70s in the 1950s, 60s and 70s had to watch a movie or two by American International Pictures, a distributor that resembled the giant 1980s gun films. Wherever the filmmakers ventured, AIP will be there to deliver the latest and vogue titles - in the fifties horror movies such as 'Voodoo Woman' and 'The Undead' came. In the 60's, Frankie Avalon-Annette Funicello's beach comedies and biker flicks such as The Glory Stompers; And in the 70's, AIP hacked a trash can such as 'Cannibal Girls' and 'Sugar Hill'. <br /> <br /> 'Dillinger,' released in 1973, is one of the more 'high' AIP efforts that capture the true spirit of film entry; It's one of those uneven, over-the-top movies that satisfied the masses' thirst for entertainment, craftsmanship and common sense. Generally, 'Dillinger' is typical of his era: entertaining and worth a few hours, but certainly not memorable. Heavy on action and short on both acting and historical fact, 'Dillinger' was a fair attempt by author-director John Milius ('Magnum Force'), but certainly left room for improvement in his extensive career. <br /> <br /> The 109-minute 'Dillinger' - epic for the scope of AIP - follows the quest for the Middle East Middle East Melvin Purvis, played by Oscar winner Ben Johnson be. Purvis was the investigator seeking revenge for four FBI agents murdered in a Kansas City ambush, helping gangster Frank Nash escape justice. In general, the men who allegedly had those outbreaks were, including expert bank robber John Dillinger (Warren Oates), Pretty Boy Floyd (Steve Kanaly) and the psychopath Baby Face Nelson (Richard Dreyfuss). Dillinger eventually came with Floyd and Nelson, taking Homer Van Meter (Harry Dean Stanton) and Harry Pierpont (Geoffrey Lewis). He also affected Billie Frechette (Michelle Phillips), a prostitute of French and Indian mining. While it took place in a few months in 1933-4, 'Dillinger' is basically a pursuit movie, with Purvis's entourage looking for the run-down of the men demanded by J. Edgar Hoover. has a documentary feel, listing dates and venues while Johnson is releasing a story like Purvis. Milius watches honest depression, with authentic fashion, cars, weapons and buildings; He also sprinkles on black-and-white photography and stock images of gangster shootouts. The movie is never boring, and moves fast, as a random pace. The action scenes are Dillinger's strength, edited by Fred Feitshans Jr. in his last professional effort. Thousands of empty ammunition rounds should be used to make this film, not to mention pound explosives. This film is definitely not for the sick, with people being shot dead and dropped all over the place. The violence, while unnecessary, brings some understanding of the chaos that organized crime has plunged into American life. <br /> <br /> However, this film never passes its exploitation status, because the necessary writing just isn't there. John Milius, a little overestimated as a movie maker, puts too much emphasis on action. The action scenes (mostly blood-filled shooting ranges) are impressive and comparable to any major crime film of his era, including the 1967's "Bonnie and Clyde." But we simply do not learn much from Dillinger and his gang members as humans; The important relationship between Dillinger and Frechette is barely touched, with the two rallies in one bar during one scene and cavorting as lovers just ten minutes later. Melvin Purvis also seems to be wandering in and out of the storyline and only becomes a prominent figure when Milius has to keep the film of unraveling. All too often, the film captures a shooter when his characters can be explored in detail. <br /> <br /> Apart from that, the main crime of the picture is ignorance of the historical fact. While many say 'Dillinger' is just a movie, it is movies like those that create fables and make them permanent. Those with knowledge of gangster history will point out that John Dillinger was not the last of his ring to die, as Milius's script and film's documentary style encourage us to believe. In fact, Dillinger is dead for Baby Face Nelson and Homer Van Meter; He also said he should not wear a gun the night of his death, nor did he drag Billie Frechette in. Although these inaccuracies can be high drama, there is no reason why Milius did not remain with the facts and wrote a great story around them. <br /> <br /> Warren Oates's performance as Dillinger is pretty good, though he sometimes looks inconclusive. Oates is humorous and beautifully portrays how Dillinger is consumed by his larger-than-life image in the American press. However, we never feel the threat he made in his lifetime. Ben Johnson gives Purvis a little life, suave rather flat. Michelle Phillips brings emotion to the Billie Frechette character and it's really bad that Milius's screenplay didn't express her relationship with Dillinger. We never learn what made her a cold killer, except the stereotype of an easy-going girl dressed in dangerous people. The supporting roles with Kanaly, Dreyfuss, Stanton, Lewis, and a short-sighted Cloris Leachman are acceptable to such a talent. <br /> <br /> As a piece of the 1970 exploitation, 'Dillinger' appears doomed to retail bins, which is exactly where I picked up MGM's DVD version for $ 4.99. The film is beautifully presented in widescreen (a must for in-flicks) with subtitles in French and Spanish. Dillinger's stage cars are supplied as a single extra. Especially forgotten except by gangster movie fans and in-enthusiasts, the movie doesn't really make much more of complementary material. For fans of the genre, it's definitely worth checking out. <br /> <br /> ** out of 4 <br /> <br /> Roving Reviewer - www.geocities.com/paul_johnr
