How about Dahmer's childhood? - The double fracture operation that has probably poured out its obsession with the inner workings of the human body? What about "infinite land"? - The game he invented as a child involved, steals men who were wiped out when they came too close together, indicating that intimacy was the ultimate danger. What about the relationship between his parents and his mother's emotional problems that were far more relevant than just his own relationship with his father? His feelings of neglect when his brother was born? What about his fascination with insects and animals? How would he analyze the road cat and hang it in the bush behind his house? How about focusing on his cannibalism? And what about his parents' divorce? This is all that should be included in the movie. Instead, the filmmaker decided to give a night or two snapshot into his life, combining it with a series of confusing and sometimes unnecessary flashbacks to events that were not even relevant to our understanding of Dahmer. <br /> <br /> Why didn't the filmmaker show how Dahmer is interested in people rather than people? He could have made this point many times, especially in the scenes in which he made his victims drugs while having sex (which actually took place in a health club, not a nightclub). Instead, he only shows him from behind. <br /> <br /> While I appreciate it, there is just as much information you can get 90 minutes (or how long) it may have, but why spend so much of the movie exploring its relationship with Luis Pinet? (known as Rodney in this movie). My only guess is that the director is trying to build Pinet's character to try and fear or empathize with him, but this movie is about Jeffrey Dahmer. Why couldn't he spend those forty-five minutes? on something else? If the scene and their relationship were important enough to justify such a time, then it is fair, but it was not. The scene in which he kills Steven Hicks, his first victim, is an important part of the Jeffrey Dahmer story because it was the first murder and because of the effects of death on the rest of his life. Unfortunately, the film does not state that it was his first murder or that he did not kill again for nine years. We assume, because his hair style is different, and he wears glasses, it's a look back, but when? And why? <br /> <br /> What about the shrine he made in his living room at the end of his career? One of the most important clues we have to understand Dahmer and his motivation. <br /> <br /> Some people find me in need of accuracy in reality and detail a little anal, but I studied Jeffrey Dahmer in depth. Obviously, this film has very little in common with the person he was and the crimes he committed. Why worry about the time to release a movie on Jeffrey Dahmer rather than tackle the real issues behind his descent into madness and the carnage? <br /> <br /> Finally, a film with a repository like this should carry an 18 certificate, not a 15. We had to see his perversion in depth, to understand how he detached of the rest of us were. This does not mean that the drill actually enters Konerak Sinthasomphone's head, but at least an indication of the number of people he killed and who was his modus operandi when he actually killed. Anyone watching this movie, who does not know the story of Dahmer, can get away and think he just killed a few people. He actually killed seventeen men. <br /> <br /> Apart from the facts and lack of depth, the movie isn't bad. There are some good cinematography, and good performances of the two main characters. I would like to see it again through a movie maker who has more knowledge, more energy and a better reason to make the film in the first place.
