Skullduggery is a strange, strange movie based on Vercors' "Ye Shall Know Them" novel. Performing criticism of the film really feels unfriendly as it is a movie that deals with serious issues such as humanity, and pleadings for just moral standards and tolerance. But despite his sensible intentions and his benevolent tone, Skullduggery is simply not a very good movie. For me, the biggest problem is the terribly diverse story that cannot make up its mind about how to convey its message best. The first half of the movie is like a standard jungle expedition movie of the Tarzan-ilk; later it is tackled in scientific fable; By the end it slips into the courtroom melodramatic. The differences in tone between each part of the movie are too big, too gritty, to watch. They stick out like a sore thumb and constantly remind you that you are watching a hidden, disorganized movie. <br /> <br /> An archaeological expedition in the jungles of New Guinea is led by Adventur Douglas Temple (Burt Reynolds). One of the most important archaeologists involved in the excursion is the attractive lady scientist dr. Sybil Greame (Susan Clark). After a difficult trek, they stumble upon a tribe of strange monkey-like creatures. These primitive, lost people are covered in hair and have survived for centuries without being touched or influenced in any way by the developments of modern humans. There is some evidence that they can be the ancestors of the early man ?? the "missing link" in the evolution of monkeys in humans. Or maybe a race of people who just look different from the ordinary? Or even breeds of animals that have developed human characteristics? The archaeologists call the tribe "Tropi" and are initially excited about the implications of their discovery. But things take a devastating turn when Nasty opportunist Vancruysen (Paul Hubschmid) declares his intention to exploit the tribe and their idill on behalf of developers. He asks if the Tropi is truly "human" and takes his argument to the courts, where he hopes to get legal support so that his own greedy ambitions can continue. <br /> <br /> It was a very early movie in Reynolds' career, and he actually unbalanced this movie by acting as if he were in a comedy while the rest of the cast took it all seriously. Not that Reynolds can be guilty? he has an impossible role, asked to play a beautiful adventurer who really belongs to a Tarzan movie. His character and the film are not relevant to each other. Clark is much better than the experienced lady archaeologist, and there are fun supporting roles for British actors Edward Fox, Alexander Knox and Wilfrid Hyde-White. A major shortcoming in Skullduggery is the lamb and inefficient make-up used to give the Tropi their strange hairy appearance. Rather than letting the actors look like credible hominoids, the clipped hair simply makes them seem unintentional comics. And that's not the right idea. We are meant to feel good sympathy for these creatures, but it is extremely difficult when they look so unconvincing. Skullduggery is a failed attempt to tell a story that could be visible, philosophical and stimulating. The honorable intentions are there for everyone to see, but the end result doesn't make them right. A worthy failure it may be, but a failure.
