While the overall idea of ​​Escape from Atlantis was intriguing, I found that the movie was much less than I had hoped for when I read the plot briefly. Maybe I'm too much of a child in the technological era: the film was made, as it is now 2002, an official five years ago - after fantasy epics such as Lord of the Rings were watched and science fiction like Star Wars, As it could not be compared to other films of similar line like Dinotopia or Homer's The Odyssey. <br /> <br /> My beef is basically that I couldn't relate. I'm about the same age. of the children (a young adult), and I have no trouble putting myself in the place of a middle-aged man if it is the character available. But the picture didn't take me to another spiritual level of existence. I didn't find myself 'ACK! I would have done the same thing! . It didn't open my doors. Even without comparing it to high-budget movies or other TV movies, alone, certain aspects of the function I found as a cliché stand alone: ​​The character development of the children happened to me too quickly, because too much of the stereotypical selfish teenager Bitter-to-divorce image changes into our-a-great-happy-family-late-never-separate weather feeling that can eventually make a picture or break in the long run. Even the characters themselves could have improved: a typical set of one or the other stereotypes. There was the everyday selfish beauty that was rebellious, accompanied by Mr. Perfect image of the combination of athletics, good looks and intelligence, but a disturbing attitude. And finally, the smart brother, we find it so common. Knowing that the personalities pushed the story together, I think adding more individuality as far as nuances and more unique differences made it a more pleasant and credible (as far as character) movie. <br /> <br /> I need to put my glass on the costume and design it - it's worth making the end for me. Do not misunderstand me: all movies are worth seeing for yourself, and the opinion of one can never make much sense, but I think it is a bit more in depth and in writing. a little more (I can't believe I say it) Reality I dare say Escape from Atlantis could have been magic.
