The biggest problem with the documentary "Czech Dream" is that it doesn't really say what it thinks. <br /> <br /> In a zealous - I hesitate to use the word "inspired" - Vit Klusak and Filip Remunda, two student filmmakers from Czech Republic, took out a large corporate hoax to form the basis of their movie to serve: they deliberately produced a fine "hypermarket" (the Eastern European equivalent of Costco or Wal Mart Super Store). , built a whole advertising campaign around it - full of billboards, radio and TV spots, an official logo, a catchy theme song and photos of fake goods - and waited just to see how many "dope" their creation would on opening day. They even built a sophisticated facade to convince people that the store itself actually existed. <br /> <br /> One might ask, "Why do something like that?" Well, this is a very good question, but the answer the filmmakers give is not everything that satisfies one. In essence, we are told that the purpose of the stunt was to show how easily people can be manipulated to believe something - even something that is not true - simply by the power of advertising. And the filmmakers run for moral cover by claiming that the "right" (ie higher) goal for the charade is to convince the Czech people not to fall for all the advertisements that encourage them to join the European Union. Reasonably enough - especially if one believes that the actual advertisers who agree with the stunt, speak out against the unethical nature of lies to customers, justify their co-operation in the deception by claiming that it is a form of research in Wat works and does not work in advertising. In a way, by allowing themselves to be captured on the camera that makes these remarks, this ad men and women are so many dupes of filmmakers as the poor, unsuspecting people who are the primary objective of the ruse. <br /> <br /> But in many ways, the satirical arrow does not only strike its intended target, ironically straightening the many filmmakers it started. For it is they, and not the kind-hearted and, of course, the trust of people who eventually get away from the unethical and classless people, as they continue to make fools of perfect decent people, some of them old and disabled and forced to travel long distances on foot to get to the place. And what is it supposed to prove anyway? That people are "greedy" because they are looking for bargains at the opening of a new supermarket? Or that they are stupid and gullible because they do not suspect that there is no real market, even if one is advertised? Such vigilance will require a level of cynicism that would make it virtually impossible to function in the real world. <br /> <br /> No, I'm afraid this smart-alecky, nasty little "stunt" just proves complete and Full jerks the movie makers are for making great people like idiots. And indeed, many of them, when they finally discover the tricks played on them, react with grace and good humor. I'm not sure I will be able to collect if I find myself in their position. <br /> <br /> I'm not saying the movie is not poignant - something related to a massive traffic accident in action - but when the dust is finally settled and all the disappointed customers have returned, they will be red eyes and empty hands return. their homes, we can safely declare that they are not the one who should feel ashamed.
