When I watched this movie, I heard all the hype and I heard people say that Denzel earned the Oscar with his Golden Globe and I believed he had done an excellent job as Kevin Spacey was excellent. I was wrong. I realize that people say they do not anger the African American community (unless they are African Americans themselves). I always hear complaints about how African Americans are never nominated and how they won. Sometimes it is true (not so much nowadays) because Whoppi Goldberg won the best actress for The Color Purple and won the movie the best picture. The only reason this movie is so inflated is because people see a movie about the (* SEMI-SPOILER *) hardship of an African American and automatically name it as a masterpiece in a very racist period. br /> <br /> Denzel Washington is an excellent actor, but his role in this movie didn't affect me at all. I was bored with him in the movie, and his acting was very similar to his role in Malcolm X, but not so well. The audience is supposed to believe that this man, Rubin Carter, is a saint. People left the movies to worship this man, this hero, and they went out and bought his book, the hero of a rich man. <br /> <br /> * SPOILERS * This movie tells the story of a man who's The majority of his life in prison was mainly for crimes he didn't commit. Of course, the crimes he did (mostly stealing) just to survive, nothing more. People felt sorry for them, although the drug dealers and thieves were probably doing so much for the same reasons, but were looked down on in society. Everything in this movie tries to portray this man as a saint (except for the obvious infidelity he had with his wife and the aggression he showed to others when he met his wife), but why not that point of view. I don't like movies (especially Hollywood interpretations) based on "real" stories because they usually distort the "real" parts in something else, something that isn't so true. It was his point of view and a Hollywood construction, but everyone believed it was undoubtedly the truth. Well, I did a bit of exploring his past before making any assumptions, and he was a very violent man. Not only that, there's another possibility that he killed those people. If you don't believe me, look for him on the internet and read the articles some of him have. The boxing match he claimed to have won so easily was actually won by his opponent, Joey Giardello, and there are ties to prove it. In addition, there are many distorted and deliberate facts in this movie. The supporting role-play was the most beautiful people I have ever seen on earth and their "beautiful and perfect" persona seems difficult to keep up with. <br /> <br /> This movie was a Hollywood version of yet another unlucky truth story left to be honestly told. Denzel's play is outdated, and the supporting cast's Mickey Mouse postures are annoying. The movie is also very slow and boring.
