I have heard many commendable things about "Midnight Meat Train", based on a short story written no less than Clive Barker and presumably the best adaptation of his work since the original "Hellraiser" he himself directed, but till now. I can only express many mixed feelings about my viewing experience. The most appropriate term to summarize the whole movie in just the word is: to each other! The violence is sadistic and extreme, which undoubtedly attracts fanatical young horror enthusiasts, but it is also indescribably free and exploitative. Usually I am very pro-violence, but it must serve at least some purpose. The victim ?? literally ?? depicted in "Midnight Meat Train" is intended to shock and reject the viewers only with poor nervous systems and can easily upset stomach, and even this is not quite effective due to the use of digital computer effects. There are more shortcomings, some even bigger than the useless gore, but maybe I should focus on the good elements. The basic concept is certainly promising and several ranges (such as the chase in the freezer, for example) are literally busy with nail biting and macabre atmosphere. Unfortunately, the pacing is very uneven and the effect of the potentially fantastic plot becomes unnecessarily complicated. Presumably, the processing of a short story in a long feature film scenario is responsible for the pacing irregularities, but I honestly feel that they could do more with the unbundling as well as with the character Vinnie Jones played. The plot introduces Leon, a prospective photographer in New York whose agent ordered to look for the really threatening face of the city by sinister pictures. Leon is then obsessed with an introvert and suspicious butcher who always waits for the midnight train to stalk. Leon's right, because the butcher seems to be a ruthless serial killer who literally crushes his victims with a big hammer, but the killer's motivation and behavior indicate that there is something more substance on the track. "Midnight Meat Train" takes place in naturally disturbing locations such as subway stations at night and animal abattoirs, and the film also boasts of acting performances and a truck with straightforward disturbing images (such as carcass cadavers and blood-carriage train wagons). but director Ryûhei Kitamura ("Versus", "Godzilla Final Wars") does not take full advantage. The end leaves many questions unanswered and even if Clive Barker intended to have it, I still think we deserve a little more clarity. "Midnight Meat Train" is a somewhat intriguing and definitely haunting movie, but not without standard. It is not meant for easily offensive viewers, but perhaps people looking for plot and clarity should only allow it.
