I don't know why, but I thought I had seen this movie before. Maybe it's the name, maybe it's the way the poster looked, I don't know. Anyway, it was pretty promising in the beginning. And even in the whole function, there were some bright moments. Maybe it's because I'm not a big fan of the horrors, and I don't see them much, but this one actually looked fresh. But the rest is not so good. Laughable by times. The movie is slow, sometimes you get so bored, you will forget about the story. Characters aren't good either. All of them. The butcher is OK, looks slim and crazy enough. Although I didn't get that, those strange things were on his chest (the whole scene just looked fake and kind of outside blue) and why did he collect that home in teeth? The mains lead is simple. His character is really hard to believe in and very undeveloped. But I think this is a mistake. Like why did he cry when he took pictures of his girlfriend? Systeel is also bad. But the most important thing I hated in this movie was the girl. My god, when will women in horror movies have any brain? It's ridiculous. The girl finds out that a maniac has taken her boyfriend camera, trying to go to the police, which fails, and then she thinks of the best idea ever. Why don't we just pick it up! I know where the maniac lives! Yup! It's swell! And then look at the camera in the bathroom! Why not? And then walk into the room, see a bag that wasn't there, and don't look inside. Maybe camera is there? Not there. But many interesting things. Blink. Mmmm. Realizing the bag means the butcher has returned is too difficult for her small, small brain. Then of course the never-ending "fall while running away" trick, which really looks bad. Then, to put the last nail in the character at the end of the movie, she filled the wagon with empty hands hanging up her feet, shouting "Noooo" as she just shook her Gucci bag and walked further into the wagon . .. Jeez. Come on. No one else thinks she's just good, stupid? Not terrible. If her character wasn't that bad, the movie might get me another star or two. And I will even forgive MMT characters who could hit a hit in the head with a steel hammer (the man in the train who killed the conductor), butcher bags that could end up protecting, strange and cheap looking monsters. don't read the Clive Barkers novel, so I have no idea where the monsters came from, the fact that no one has handled it (judging the skeletons in the dungeon) disappears in the city and main character who has not bled Not dead when he got his tongue, he barely noticed. Oh, and the predictable end. Damn, I knew the end was halfway in, it's just disappointing. The only reason I still give credit to the makers is that the movie generally looks better than most of the horrors I've been watching over the past few months. Visual style is nice, some shots were really nice and good CGI that made the murders look really brutal. (although blood doesn't really look like it). I think some people will enjoy it, some like I will see if there is nothing else to look at, some will absolutely hate it.
