I have heard a lot about this movie, with people writing me and saying I should see it, because I am a fan of extremely blooming, filming movies. I immediately found my hands, but somehow I always liked to see it until now. I would have been better not to remember that I even had it. <br /> <br /> This movie was horrible. The worst thing, however, is that it could have been so much better than it actually was. I know it was a story by Clive Barker and everyone, and I didn't read that story - but it seems to me that you won't be, as I was, completely clueless and totally disappointed. <Br /> <br /> The movie starts well enough - the actors are convincing, the story is interesting. The first scene is bloody - a great way to get your attention. I thought the blood looked a little bad, but I later saw it as the very first scene. I was wrong. <br /> <br /> The blood and the effects are so horrible, it was almost an insult to my intelligence to believe that someone could, for example, knock one's head right from their shoulders with only a meat hammer. WTF? CGI blood (they even used a real blood? My home-made stuff looks better than any one used in this movie!), Incredible acts of degradation (eyeballs just hit from the back of the head; cut neatly - Remember nobody there is BONE throughout our bodies?!) Too dark scenes (every scene is either a strange yellow color or hidden in the shade). It just gets worse and worse. I figured myself out of the mistake. There is just too much. Add to the fact that what a great series of killer movies could have had and should have been, and in the end become a demonic / supernatural / monster movie ... no thanks! It should have been like a creepy man slaughtering people in the subway - OK, throwing a conspiracy theory and an overwhelming photographer. Maybe they kill people and sell the meat through the meat plant? Credible, feasible ... and much better I think of the "real" story. It could and should have worked. Instead, it has become a "creature that stays at the end of the old tunnel, and everyone knows about it, but you, and unless you read the book, well ... you'll never understand it" fiasco . Tragic, that's a terrible thing to do with a movie with so much potential. If you like thoughts of false blood and gore, you'll love it. But if you have half a brain in your head, you will completely hate it. Stay away, far, far away.
