As an advertisement for republicanism, as you will ever see, 'Mayerling' is an everyday story of royal people in the late nineteenth century Austria. During one of Europe's seemingly incessant internal turmoil, it touches itself with Emperor Franz Joseph (James Mason), his rebellious son, Crown Prince Rudolf (Omar Sharif), Empress (Miss Ava Gardner) and several mistresses, secret policemen, spies, exorbitant uniform popinjays, gypsies, dancers, women, soldiers, swans, horses and the bizarre infected web of European royalty in the time of Franz Josef's Austrian-Hungarian Empire. Filmed in what the old movie posters used to call a riot of color, it looks nothing more than an undressed but intellectually challenged production of The Student Prince. Mr. James Mason, who has a very small white number, uses his all-purpose mittel-European accent when he remembers. I am a big fan of his and I sincerely hope that the remuneration was with the aversion he clearly felt to the character he played. Mr. Omar Sharif, who has built a career that is largely grounded in looking directly at his big brown eyes with his big brown eyes and soulful, gives a solid monotonous performance to his son, the Crown Prince. He is totally unconvincing as a man in the movie at a swathe through the distaff side of the Austrian aristocracy. With his well-made locks in place, he stands in front and remains unlikely to be uniform. As a rebel, he speaks the talk but does not notice it at all. Undo button on one of its tunics is about as far as its challenge. Unfortunately, married, he falls in love with a common one. 'Prohibited Love' is one of the movie's coming. If she is played by the most unusual Miss. Catherine Deneuve he barely moved the envelope there. Miss Deneuve has a profile to die for and we see quite a lot of it, especially in the order of ballet. Now I like ballet as much as the next man, but this sequence seems to be running out of time, a more cynical critic can see it as 'padding'. Rudolf's mother, the Empress is played by Miss. Ava Gardner. She gives the part some good old American oooomph, which makes her like "Tannie Mame", but it is unquestionable. Rudolf certainly loves his mother - I won't make it stronger. The only show worth seeing is that of Mr. James Robertson Justice as Sir Lancelot Spratt. Sorry, Edward, Prince of Wales. He is so wonderfully unaware of everything that happens to him. It is a joy to see. I waited in vain for Rudolf's immortal question "What is the bleeding time?". I'm not qualified to dispute the historical accuracy of "Mayerling", but I think everything else is wrong. It's a Ruritanian Opera Buffa without the songs to send you from the theater whistle home.
