Is it the same Kim Ki Duk that regulates the poignant life-conscious evidence of "Spring, Summer, Autumn, Winter and Spring"? The same Kim Ki Duk who managed the beautiful, almost silent, heartbreaking desire of "3 Iron"? The same Kim Ki Duk that surprised us with the staggering tragedy of "The Coast Guard" and worries us about the ugliness of nonchalant teenage prostitution before returning to his almost patented nature motif to cause our all (characters and viewers) to lapse into "Samaritan Girl"? I just can't find him in this movie. <br /> <br /> Oh yes, Kim's natural motif is still present. The film takes place on a lake surrounded by mountains and on fish floats resting quietly on the surface of calm waters. Yes, it is Kim Ki Duk, okay. Kim even describes the movie as "beautiful" in an interview included in the DVD's special features. But I'm no longer sure what that means, after reading this presentation report. <br /> <br /> What is beautiful about malignant, prickly prostitutes, lusty, violent and angry fishermen, a cute mute trader, explicit animal torture, ranges of self-reduction and a rate that is deceptively floating between beastly flesh and senseless brutality? These are the only elements of humanity that imagine themselves in this completely confusing and ultimately senseless movie. If it is based on a fable or a parable or is meant to be symbolic of something larger, this reviewer is unknown to the source material. It was favorable compared to the "audition" of Japanese director Takashi Miike (much to Kim's satisfaction), but apart from a surprisingly good performance, especially given what they had to work with the lead players Seo Jung and Kim Yoo Suk I have little reason to recommend this movie. I didn't see "Audition", but I doubt it would change my view of "The Isle" in any way. The violence is pornographic and senseless sadistic. His sex is not pornographic, but passionate and masochistic. Characters behave on annoying impulse because there is no plot. The point is whether it does not exist, or I will admit that I have lost under the Korean cultural characteristics I do not understand. <br /> <br /> The only beauty is in cinematography, which is classic Kim. Slowly over a quiet lake, mountainous terrain that dominates the backdrop, and imaginative and playful use of color. Sometimes it looks as if viewers are locked in a large Kim Ki Duk body room. Some are intriguing, like the mysterious and seductive dumb trader Jung played and the pleasurable use of motorcycles. But as a movie, this effort is somewhat confusing and, in the end, offensive to the senses, not necessarily to sensitivity. One hopes that Kim will leave this kind of movie in the trash of his past because we know he's able to do so much more.
