Despite well-known people who are either great followers of Noam Chomsky, or think he is a tired relic of the 1960s, I really had no opinion of the man, except I knew he had become known as a linguist, although I did not like his theories, and that he was a liberal socialist with Marxist ranks. So, about the DVD of the 2003 documentary Noam Chomsky: Rebel Without A Pause, in a used video store, a movie that followed him on a 2002 book tour for his book 9-11, I decided to to get it, just so I can have some knowledge of the man, the next time a person, front or closest, spoke of him. While I was filming, my initial reaction to this dull and badly edited hagiography was, so what is the fuss? <br /> <br /> For a man with so many degrees, praised as "the most important intellectual living" In the New York Times, according to the DVD's, there certainly wasn't much there, intellectually speaking. I know I'll chew him and spit him into a debate and I don't even want to see what a William F. Buckley could do to him. Granted, the whole movie was apparently seen by Chomsky everywhere conspiracies. And with a glazed herb, he nodded in confusing approval to the most unpleasant and outrageous things he would say, rather than being linguistic. Maybe that's why he came down so badly. . But, again, if he is a linguist and top in his field, why in the world will anyone care what he has to say about anything outside his field of study? Even worse is his idols, who further isolate the man from reality by promoting despair that Chomsky is a target for Zionist killers. What little I knew of Chomsky before I saw this movie, I knew so much: he was widely regarded as a wax, and almost irrelevant, intellectually, since the fall of the Soviet Empire. The film is so poorly structured, and without a narrative thread, it is difficult to separate all the obstacles. His wife, Carol, as an example, apparently gave one interview, taken in the film and released. She looks a pretty enough woman, but completely out of her element and answers the only basic questions about their life. The only interesting thing she says is that 9/11 was a good thing for the Chomskys, since he has played a lot of money since then. <br /> <br /> Not surprisingly, this kind of movie gives almost no biographical background. It is assumed that all viewers should know all the plaudits that this "great man" carries. Chomsky seldom becomes one on one. Stylistically, there are no camera movements, no interesting changes, or any signature. Most of the movie is slanted from Chomsky, Chomsky's video games reflecting on this or that way, and an unashamed and rude student looks at him as if he were unimportant, that is when disrupted cows hardly hear audible and ridiculous questions to him. don't ask. It is really poor filmmaking by director and editor Will Pascoe, who shows in the DVD's film maker statement that he is still an uncritical actress of Chomsky's. Unlike that, one of the surest signs that it is not an objective documentary but mere agitator, and a vanity piece of agitic plug, is that it is not a single time that Chomsky is struggling with an answer. He seems to be a font of knowledge that has no boundaries. <br /> <br /> Given that much of this drink was filmed during Chomsky's lectures at McMaster University in Ontario, Canada, before the US invasion of Iraq in 2003, much of what Chomsky says, looks as remote as things from the Vietnam War era. Yes, he does some good points, here and there, about US media complicity before the war, but he follows them with sheer lunacy, as he does not seem to realize that most conspiracies are ad hoc and not cables in full outlined. As an example, he claims that the advertising industry is a riddle that controls the people without mercy, but does not say a word about the zombie population that has controlled it. Similarly, he claims that Trilateralists are managing the world and that people's fear of crime is still a goblin's consequence. Of course, the claim that the rape crisis centers are so completely declared, and all the time and money that the lawyers' office wastes of time and money, disappears, of course. He also made the absurd claim that Cuba has been the victim of terrorism for decades, when Castro and his company were major sponsors of Latin America, Asia and Africa until the Soviet Union fell. I can only guess that the UFO conspiracies are just waiting for Chomsky to declare that gray alien species have erected mixed drug centers in Idaho. <br /> <br /> In its simple world without gray, Chomsky is terribly scary as the members of Bushco, whom he humbles; even more because they do not claim intellectuals. In short, Chomsky is a man who, in the past, lived in his head on most issues, and intellectually from his depth. Near this film's end, he warns, "Be careful when you hear that intellectual fighters are for justice," but one can only laugh because the man has never had a revolutionary person or idea he didn't like, regardless how barbaric their crimes, and anti-intellectuals, are positive. Please, break before you waste your time and money on this stupid, and irrelevant, DVD.
