DarkWolf tells the story of a young waitress named Josie (Samaire Armstrong) who led a pretty ordinary life until her friend Mary (Tippi Hedren) was murdered by a Werewolf. You see Werewolves actually exist in contemporary America and there is even a special organization within the police force to combat the Werewolf threat, led by detective Steve Turley (Ryan Olosio), who has the difficult task of telling Josie that she is actually a pure bloodwolf herself and that a so-called 'dark prince' Werewolf (Kane Hodder) wants to make with her and create a new breed of pure blood. Werewolves that take over the whole world or something. Understandably, Josie has a hard time believing that is until she sees the evidence with her own eyes. It's up to Werewolf cop Steve to save Josie, the day and the world ... <br /> <br /> Co-executive producer and directed Richard Friedman I thought DarkWolf was a very bad low budget shot on a digital video camera horror movie it really did me nothing. The script by Geoffrey Alan Holliday is promising enough to appear in a strip club with many naked breasts on the scene and then there is a werewolf attack that makes someone shatter, but after this decent opening time it's pretty much down hill all the way i'm afraid. For a start it is slow, it is dull, it is predictable and it is populated with highly annoying character that comes out with very bad dialogue and does stupid things like when they have the opportunity to shoot the Werewolf they are not doing, I have no idea. why, but prefer to stand there instead. The writing is stupid and does not explain itself, why has Josie never changed into a Werewolf? Is she really the only one? Why can't this "dark prince" get another female werewolf? There are also many other things that make little or no sense like an old book that looks very important at fist, but is completely forgotten about halfway, but you get the idea anyway. Overall, the film flows in very linear fashion to a very predictable climate conflict that is the biggest. The director Friedman highlights the film very well with bright neon, but it notices new or original and does not really improve the film as a spectacle. Let's talk about special effects or rather the lack of them, because the effects in DarkWolf are far from special, the Werewolf transformation is achieved using CGI. That's one of the worst CGI I've ever seen, seriously, a Playstation will be ashamed of this computer graphics. It's easily the worst Werewolf transformation I've ever seen. An American Werewolf in London (1981) was made over 25 years ago, but its special effects are literally light years ahead of those seen in DarkWolf. improved over the years? The animatronic puppet effects aren't much better, though there is at least something silly on the screen. The gore is not too much for a gory opening kill there are some blood puffs and lots of dead bodies, but not much else. Thre is a fair amount of female nudity if it is your thing, but does not get too excited, because you have to put another horrible movie to see it. Is it really worth it? <br /> <br /> Technically, DarkWolf is right apart from possibly the worst CGI effect ever, it is pretty well made and it looks at least production values. The acting is what you would really expect. <br /> <br /> DarkWolf is another low budget piece of a crazy horror movie that rubbish video store shelves and junk the schedules of obscure cable TV stations, I didn't think it was as bad as some, but it's like saying you're going to the dentist is a little nicer than going to a funeral, though when everyone is saying and done, they're both terribly still ...
