This sorry excuse for a movie reminded me of what I heard from Gigli, that Ben and Jen-flop earlier this summer. "The Order" was obviously so reasonably modified that the scenes, rather than forming a coherent and challenging movie, seem to be a collection of cut-off sequences that have done little to send a summary of a unified plot. Now, I'm a Heath Ledger fan ("10 things I hate about you", "a knight's story" and especially his supporting role in "Monster's Ball"), but my husband must find himself a better agent. Keep on accepting scriptures such as "The Order" and "Four Feathers" and he will quickly be oblivious to the film. <br /> <br /> Here are the problems I had with the movie. First, the director tried to set up the shortcomings of his essential plot by importing two other plot lines that apparently had little if anything to do with anything. Plot skeine, with the Americans trying to take over the Vatican and the Dark Pope, while it was interesting, did nothing to reveal the viewer to some of the main characters. The efforts to tie these wires together were at best pathetic. Secondly, please do not insult the intelligence of the viewer by inserting them into the films that are clearly mandatory. We created anxiety, produced love and produced the most idiotically crafted generation that was a straight "Matrix Reloaded" with skull-numbing techno music. Rather than developing character, these elements looked like the cheap devices they were clear, a half-hearted attempt to put popcorn cold adolescents in the seats. Thirdly, and most importantly, this movie looks like you're an intriguing concept. We have scandal, we have religion and we have supernatural powers at stake. Why then do we hardly learn from anyone's background? We learn a little about Alex, but even give the priesthood the passion to sleep with a woman after two days, a woman who tried to kill him at some time in the past. And Alex is the most developed, if you can name it, character in the whole movie. <br /> <br /> Now that the cliche is going nowadays, if you're going to watch one year this year, make sure it's not this one. There are about ten interesting minutes from the unbearable 101-minute relationship. The only thing that saved me was with a girl I love. <br /> <br /> 1 out of 10. I'm disappointed. Put this one firmly underneath potential, but blow it over on editing and bad directing. Heath my husband, go back to Monster's Ball-like cameos. They really fit you.
