The Order begins in Rome where the head of a special order of priests dealing with ghost and demons, called Brother Dominic (Francesco Carnelutti), is found dead, cut to New York City where one of his orders, Alex Bernier (Heath) Ledger), contacted by Cardinal Driscoll (Peter Weller), asking him to investigate the mysterious circumstances surrounding Dominic's death. Along with his girlfriend, Mara Willims (Shannyn Sossamon) and co-priest Thomas Garrett (Mark Addy), Alex travels to Italy to die after his mentor, as the truth begins to appear. It seems that Dominic was a "Sin Ether" who absorbed others' sins and lived with the burden of them so that they could quietly die and that the Church was not happy about its activities. Alex must do what is right, even if it is against what he believes ... <br /> <br /> Also known as The Sin Eater, this American German co-production was written, produced and directed by Bian Helgeland & did not "I'm really doing so much to me when I'm honest and I'm usually, honestly, it's. Anyway, we can start with the mess of a script that has some good ideas, but it is thoroughly predictable, rude and boring, really stupid, and it takes itself too seriously. The whole concept is fine and while it thinks it's smart with it's oh so neatly rotating that it all connects and brings the story full circle. I thought it was the most obvious and lazy way to end things. There are the usual religious themes here, morality, sin, forgiveness, faith, faith, prophecy, blah, blah, blah, you know that kind of thing. Then there are the twists that are not difficult to see, there is the abuse of power by high position clerics, corruption, greed, evil, etc. You know the kind of klichéd Hollywood ideas and themes that are reused every time it deals with the church. The Order has nothing new to say and as a serious movie it does a lot. I'm not sure who the order is to appeal, as a difficult horror fan, I didn't see any horror at all. As a thrill, it's less than exciting, as a mystery, it's too predictable. nothing here to really maintain or maintain interest and for some reason I can't figure out the IMDb, but also the sequence as an action movie that is absurd because it is so exciting and action packed than the average episode of Sesame Street (1969 - today), maybe maybe, but that's what I think ... Director Helgeland does an OK job, the movie looks like it's a very soft lighting scheme. It all seems a little grab, gray and dull. For a supposed horror movie The Order is very light on scary or horror elements. There are actually none or two of the evil children who can change a lot of birds. Don't ask. Forget about any gore or violence, because there is nothing good, but it would have helped at least make the order a little visible. According to the IMDb's "Trivia" section, The Order's release period has been replaced, so some special effects can be improved because it looks unintentionally funny. All I can say is judging by the final film, the effects really should be bad to start with because they are not exactly brilliant as it is now. <br /> <br /> I was surprised that The Order had a budget of about $ 28 million, which is a lot of money and I just can't see where it all went apart from the sets and production designs that are good is. The whole movie looks and feels very average and completely forgotten. The acting is OK, although the annoying fat that looks like some kind of foul comic relief, a good actor like Peter Weller deserves better than that. <br /> <br /> The Order, I prefer the title The Sin Eater is not really that it matters too much, misses all its goals through the proverbial miles as far as I'm concerned and is a tough way to get 100 odd minutes waste your life, don't do it! Not recommended.
