In the lost days of the Catholic Church, a sinner was an individual who would take the sins of a dying person to themselves through the ritual. Often, these people were excommunicating or similar individuals who would not profane the church and thereby deny access to Heaven. The sinners were regarded as blasphemous and the monk of the chruch circumvented salvation. Sex it up a bit with an exaggerated supernatural mojo, let the concept go astray wherever it may be and you have The Order, a movie that combines' Stigmata's religious anti-authoritarianism, 'The X-Files' paranormal investigation. , and 'The Thorn Birds'' sexual spirituality in a strange blend that sometimes works. <br /> <br /> Alex (Heath Ledger) is a crooked priest, one of the last members of the Order of the Carolingians, a semi-heretic order of knowledge-seeking, demon-fighting priests. When Alex's mentor died under bizarre circumstances, Bishop Driscoll (Peter Weller) sent Alex to investigate. Remarks are co-Carolingian Thomas (Mark Addy) and Mara (Shannyn Sossman), who were subjected to one of Alex's exorcisms a year before. The three go to Rome to investigate and are drawn into a dark underworld of bizarre Catholic heresy, ominous prophecies, demonic invaders and a man claiming to be the last surviving sinner (Benno Furmann). <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Brian Helgeland (who worked with the same principals on the scattering and half-hearted "A Knight's Tale"), the film is a strange and difficult to classify. It wants to be several things at once - supernatural thriller, religious intrigue, dramatic television pilot - and sometimes it only succeeds in any of them. It is not helped by the slow pace or the fact that most of the actors seem to be sleeping wind through their performances with occasional bursts of brilliance. Ledger, in particular, has a particularly desperate scene in an otherwise monochromatic display. However, Sossman showed the same disconnected performance she gave in all of her films (especially in The Rules of Attraction). The plot itself winds back and forth between several different story bows, which leads you to wonder what is the most important one with every bow containing its part of red herring. Large gaps of narration sometimes appear in vain between scenes, which can be very confusing, but it is also one of the movie's savings. The structure of the film - coupled with the fact that there is never a real clear antagonist to the end of the movie - forces the viewer to analyze and reason at a time when most movies are blatantly obvious about everything ( the exception to this is historical background on the Carolingians and the practice of sin-eating, both of which are explained in dry outline). Even at the beginning of the film, character relationships and history are distracted rather than explained. Combine that with the on-site shoot and discerning use of special effects, and you have a very old world supernatural thriller, with even the opening credits reminiscent of something from the late 70's / early 80's. <br /> <br /> A brief mention here also for the subtle and organic score of David Torn, a combination of minimalist orchestra and Lisa Gerrard style exotic vocal. A very nice score that is exceptional without being bombastic and in a very deceptive simplicity. <br /> <br /> A confusing plot, lack of purpose, and sometimes sleepy performances will often condemn a movie, but for some reason, "The Order" remains watchable. Many people will be very much turned off by the film for its strange sensitivity, and some may even be angry that they are forced to engage the higher functions of their brain to understand it. Yet, the film's sheer audacity will prevent it from being a critical or commercial success until the DVD, which I will surely find, will be available with large amounts of scanned scenes. A recommended movie only for people who like to think while watching. 6 out of 10.
