One of the serious possible environmental costs of most mining operations is pollution of downstream, rivers and lakes with excess sediments and toxins. One of the most serious examples in the 19th century US of excess river sedimentation was caused by the hydraulic exploitation of gold-bearing coarse hills on the sides of the Sacramento Valley in the period from the 1850s to the early 1880s. This process led a high pressure water on the hill, causing the material to descend, separating the gold from the gravel and sediment. The sediment then collected in a ditch or stream and most found its way to the Sacramento River or its tributaries. The sediment that remained in the riverbed increased the likelihood of flooding in the settling agricultural fields and towns and created permanent marshes in some areas. Some of the sediment dumped over the agricultural fields, where it can cover a standing crop or cover more desirable soil or difficult plowing. The conflicting interests of the companies using hydraulic mines and some of the downstream farmers who are adversely affected by these operations are therefore the subject of this almost forgotten 1938 color film by Warner. <br /> <br /> First, we might ask why Warner decided to shoot this movie in a fairly poor Technicolor, a very rare treatment in 1938. A story about wheat farmers and gold miners will not cost and trouble of color filming justify. The answer seems to be the excessive movie time inside, with colorful clothes and decorations. Then we can wonder why colorless George Brent was chosen as the leading man and ultimate hero, to be with Olivia de Havilland. Among other things, this movie really needs a charismatic leader to carry it. Even the usually colorful Gabby Hayes, in his small role, was unusually muted. Unfortunately, I fell asleep before the seemingly more dramatic last part of the movie. The part I have seen spends too much time putting a complicated set of relationships between too many people at the expense of the graphic representation of the chosen wheat baron and perhaps nearby townspeople and their efforts to deal with their flood and sedimentation problems. It had to be more than "The Good Earth", which was released only last year. Maybe it would be suitable for a charismatic leading man, like Errol Flynn. Finally, there is the issue of the illegal title. Certainly, Warner could have come up with a catchy or more appropriate title. "Gold or Grain" is short and to the point. By the way, I understand there is still much gold in 'their dar hills', and waiting to be withdrawn through others than hydraulic mining.
