When robot orders start attacking big cities, who will stop the madman behind the attacks? Sky Captain !!! Jude Law plays Joe Sullivan, the bait of the discs, which has insurmountable opportunities with his former reporter, Polly Perkins (Gwyneth Paltrow) and former flight partner, Captain Franky Cook (Angelina Jolie). <br /> <br /> Sky Captain and Tomorrow's World can look like an exciting movie, but it's really boring and entertaining. The film's course is 106 minutes, but it feels so much longer, because there's nothing in this movie. The footage was great and the movie did it well. However, there is nothing to support this wonderful visual. The film lacks a story and interesting characters that make it virtually dull and unnecessary. I blame director and writer Kerry Conran. He focuses too much on the footage and spends little time on the real story. The movie is like a girl with no personality, after a while it gets so cool and tiring. Sky Captain represents a beautiful girl with no personality. It's simply another case of style over fabric. <br /> <br /> The acting is surprisingly average and it's not really their fault, as they had very little to work with. The main reason I watched this movie is because of Angelina Jolie. However, the ad is pretty misleading and she is only about 30 minutes in the movie. Her performance is also surprisingly boring. Jude Law gives a good performance, although you expect a lot more from him. Gwyneth Paltrow was just average, nothing special. Ling Bai's performance was the only one I really liked. She gives a good performance as the mysterious woman and she was the only interesting character in the whole movie. <br /> <br /> However, the film is not a complete bust. There were some "wow" and exciting scenes. There just wasn't enough of them. The movie just doesn't have the hook to make it really. It was pretty slim and it wasn't very encouraging. It's too bad that the movie wasn't very good, as it had such a promising prospect. In the end, Sky Captain is surprisingly below average and not really worth watching. Rating 4/10
