The explosive zeppelins that crashed on the 'Sky Captain' Jude Law's base provide an adequate metaphor for describing how terribly this movie is. First, let me say to the right of the bat that I really doubt that Paramount will ever recover money from this movie. A cult hit it can be, but just because it is so remarkable for what it hasn't achieved. I can see the studio spot now. "Let's combine 1920's German expressionism and a 1940s glossy adventure with a modern action movie and use computer animation to dominate every scene! Wow, it won't be a success!" Skycaptain bludgeons the viewer with its bare excess. There are too many false explosions, too many unconvincing daughter screens, and too few real moments where the characters are nothing but painful two-dimensional. Why, shock and awe with one floating airship if you can have three or five or one hundred? In addition, it can be a groundbreaking film that effortlessly combines computer-generated images and human actors into a stylized and intriguing environment. Instead, it does not become a flop, as it does not meet the main requirement of any movie using CGI. The symbols are simply simple. From the movement of the cars to the physics of the plane in the dog fights, everything just looks a little down. I am not picky here. A baby can see a car not slipping along the road like a Maglev train (unless it is a Mercedes S500). And for those of you who are hearing your voices in protest, cry out, "It's a stylized movie, it's not supposed to be like reality," let me just say it. Lord of the Rings set the standard for integrating real actors with CGI. Starship Troopers set the standard for ironic science fiction movies. The Rocketeer has done a solid job starting in the Hollywood movie portfolio the decade of the 1920s and Tim Burton's Batman has created a unique New York City / Gotham image yet to be repeated. Sky Captain falls short of all these movies, it's hard for me to call them the same. Plus, the acting is so poor, it makes me positively ill. So there you have it. I spent $ 9 watching this movie and you get my review. I hope it can discourage you all from making the same mistake I did.
