"Sky Captain" can be regarded as a tribute to comic books, pulp adventures and film series, but it contains little of the magic of some of the best of those genres. One contributor says the enjoyment of the movie depends on whether one recognizes the movie influences. I don't think that's true. The expectations of the films, fiction and series that "Captain" pay tribute to were completely different. Especially for those who had that entertainment when they were children. This film is almost completely without its charm and magnetic appeal. Of course, we know the leaders will come in and out of scratches, but there must be tension and drama. Against the climax of Captain Law and Paltrow, ten minutes to prevent disasters and by the time they reach up to five minutes, they do not go to their goal. They take time for a long look and unnecessary conversation and considering a fallen enemy with 30 seconds remaining after the tragedy. Of course, one expects some conventions to be included, but a good director would have had some urgency. <br /> <br /> One doesn't expect movies like this to "make sense". One expects them to have fun, exciting and a little sense of indoor logic. "Captain" has almost nothing. Remember, when the law and the Paltrow are pursued by the winged beings and reach a huge gap that crosses them through a log bridge? Well, how do they get completely safe from those creatures when they reach the other side? They can fly! The gap itself doesn't matter to them. The bridge is unnecessary for them, so where is the escape? If the land over the gorge is forbidden for flying creatures, the film has not bothered to let us know how or why or even. <br /> <br /> I know that Paltrow and Law (both of them gave fine performances in the past) play "types", but both were pretty flat. Only Giovanni Ribisi (who himself was able to show a good performance here) and Angelina Jolie seem to give an "oomph" to their roles, although Omid Djalili seemed to be able to handle a little more than he did got the chance. He did a decent job anyway, considering how he was actually wasted. <br /> <br /> The movie had a good 'look', but there are so many ways CGI deduces. CGI works best when used for the fantastic, when used to create creatures that do not exist in nature or for scientific or magical spectacular. When used to replace natural sites, it disappears. There is no real sense of wonder. A CGI mountain does not have any of the stature or sense of awe and incident that a real mountain does. I know the design of this movie was pretty deliberate and it wasn't necessarily supposed to really look, but shouldn't it feel that way? It just didn't. <br /> <br /> Regarding poor and cliché writing, homage is no excuse. Still, if the movie has some tension and dramatic tension, it would still be nice. "The Last Samurai" was as predictable as the days of the week and I am not a fan of Tom Cruise, but it did not have all that Captain "most important, it pulled the viewer into his world and We accepted his rules and manner to be in a way that the "Sky Captain" definitely did not. <br /> <br /> I would like to see a similar approach for movies about comic book heroes of the 30's and 40's. The original (Jay Garrick) Flash or Green Lantern (Alan Scott) comes first to make it so ripe. Perhaps the better, more well-known and fully-realized characters who are that character will make a much better movie. It will be difficult to get worse.
