In the aftermath of Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, in the late 90's early 00s, the British film industry quickly destroyed poor gangster movies that look even more desperate today than they did at the time. In one of the overall big cases of pearl-of-sword, the producers of Rancid Aluminum plastered the quote "The Best Movie of the Century" from one review of the advertisements while the rest of the sentence was spoken. it was just because it was currently the only film released in 2000. It's hard to imagine how it was ever made. It was a role that was briefly regarded as the cream of Cool Britannia's Lads Mags Brigade ?? Rhys Ifans, Sadie Frost, Nick Moran and Joseph Fiennes ?? but just a turkey guarantee every time in a confused adaptation of a confused James Hawes novel. The fact that the plot is never explained can be the possibility that no one really knows what it is or just doesn't think it matters. Something to do with Ifans businessman set up with Steven Berkoff's murderous Russian crime commander in a money laundering or investment scheme (it's never clear what, because no one ever asks) by Fiennes's crooked Irish accountant, who expects Russians to kill. off Ifans, so he can take over his failed company. Things are becoming increasingly confused and inexplicable from there, if Ifans alternates between shouting about how terrible his life is while juggling visits to the fertility clinic and sleeping with his secretary and Tara Fitzgerald's ridiculously accentuated Russian requester, Berkoff Bizniss and Francis Drake remain "and Fiennes does a decent Irish accent, proving that just because he played a good writer in Shakespeare in Love, doesn't mean he has a good writing writer rating in film script. <br /> <br /> When the most convincing performances come from Keith Allen and Dani Behr, you know a movie is in trouble, and Poland is in for a Russia full of people with Polish accents and a strange score arising from John Barry pastiche until sit music at Ennio Morricone Spaghetti Western on a stylophone budget, it completely fails in the cool teams it strives for and ends - a curious plot, but almost plot less limbo all its own, sit d vein like a joke dog.
