This movie was a real torture party to go through. His first mistake is to treat nuclear power, as it is obviously a bad thing that it should hardly convince its audience. If it stomped to enter its argument, the participants provided insufficiently supported facts; All that is missing is someone crying: "When will anyone think of the children!" While watching this movie, I thought, "where did you hear it?" or "this may not be true" - but little of the information is backed up by any reliable sources. And bless them, the 'regular people' in the movie looked more like Luddites than people with any understanding of the pros and cons of nuclear power; To be honest, it may be the mistake of the filmmakers, but just as reasonable, it is a condition shared by the movie's rock stars. <br /> <br /> As for the artists ......... Now some of these people are highly respected musicians whose music I enjoyed, and I'm sure some of them are really in this cause to believe. But they all come across as old hippies waving desperately looking for something to work out, now that the 60's have overtaken them. Specific embarrassment is Graham Nash and James Taylor. Nash seems to be trying too hard. He looks as if he cannot believe the things he is told (not that I owe him), but desperate to be noticed and included. James Taylor does what the wimpiest protest "anthem" should ever be, "Stand and Fight", in the most sickly way you can imagine. In fact, most of the performances are pretty vague when they are not condescending. No one seems excited about this event, as if it doesn't mean much to them at all. It is noteworthy that the driving force behind this whole event is John Hall, the organ of Orleans, and is responsible for some of the 70's wimpiest pop dolls. (Remember, if you dare, "Dance with me" and "still the one".) It is remarkable because it is symbolic of how the cause does not inspire real passion in music. The cause is thought to be life-or-death, but all sleep through their numbers as they play the Catskills. Except that Gil-Scott Heron - his protest number "We Almost Lost Detroit" is on the subject but with all the smugness of a high school impressed with how "controversial" he is. <br /> <br /> Only Bruce Springsteen's performance raises a pulse; I've never been a big fan of the boss, but he absolutely smokes, no doubt. Part of me thinks he was tackled separately at another event, and edited in this movie to wake the audience. Compared to the general mood and air of self-satisfaction here, it is no wonder that Bruce was considered the savior of rock'n'roll. <br /> <br /> But even his performance is hit by the lifeless concert shooting. I don't expect a very flashy camera move from a 70-year-old movie, but the shots are unnecessarily static, broken only by split seconds to a backup singer's almonds. Now, some of these may be because the artists are lifeless to start with; and * maybe * the filmmakers are more skilled at shooting documentaries as concert material. But all you have to do is look at 'Rust Never Sleeps' or 'The Last Waltz' to see a movie like this with more skill. And with more exciting musicians. <br /> <br /> So, really, there are only two things to watch this movie for: Springsteen's star performance, and as a sad snapshot of a counter-culture in decline.
