This extremely poor Australian apology for a movie is like the Pavlov dog experiment among horror movies. You remember this well-known "Conditioned Reflex" experiment from your school books, right? Russian scientist Pavlov proved that dogs were inclined to salivate before the food actually came into their mouths, through repetitive routines that stimulated the animal's reflexes. Pavlov had spent some time before the food was delivered to the dog, and after a while he became anxious and excited and had already started sneaking to hear the sound of the bell. What the hell has this whole boring explanation in common with a shrewd and low budgeted Aussie slasher movie, I hear you thinking? Well, the modus operandi of the maniacal killer in Nightmares is an exact variant on Pavlov's experiment. Every single murder sequence is preceded by the mourning sound and image of the killer who breaks a window, as he / she insists on using a sharp piece of glass to cut the victims. This means that after a short while, inattentive and bored viewers can afford to slumber and just look up when they hear the sound of crushing glass. That way they miss nothing special! <br /> <br /> As far as the quality of "Nightmares" as a movie is concerned, I can be very brief. It is a cheap, uninspired and largely undisputed Aussie entry on today's popular trend of American treasure movies. In the early 60's, a four-year-old witness jumped up the cruel death of her mother as her throat in a nasty car accident. Twenty years later the same girl ?? Helen Selleck ?? is a successful stage actor, but she still has serious mental problems and often suffers from horrible flashbacks and traumatic nightmares. His auditions for a role in a black comedy play that turns dead and gets the part. Shortly after the big premiere, everyone who even participates in the production is slaughtered. It is really delayed how this film seeks to maintain the mystery of the murderer's identity and motivation, although even the most infantile viewer can find it after the first murder. I don't think I've ever seen a more obvious one than a nightmare and the creators just had to show his face immediately and save them from embarrassment. The murders are explicit and very bloody and there is also an unhealthy amount of free nudity to enjoy. However, the production values ​​are poor and so the film is never shocking or challenging in any way. The few tracks we see from the actual play make it clear that it might be the worst thing ever performed on stage. The only positive elements in the film are the characters of the director and the gay newspaper critic, who are both sarcastic and insulting the rest of the role players as much as we do. "Nightmares" is a terrible piece of exploding horror cinema, but hey, at least I gave you a golden point to make it more digestible.
