Cheap, mediocre successor to the successful "The Mummy's Hand" presumably has deadly evil prof. Andoheb (George Zucco), who prepared his predecessor Mehemet Bey (Turhan Bey) for the search for revenge overseas to America, with mummy Kharis (Lon Chaney, Jr. who has no reason to be in disguise. A stuntman can be the same credible doing work that causes the victims of the victims to kill) to kill the surviving members of the Banning family, who found patriarch Stephen (Dick Foran) and assistant Babe Hanson (Wallace Ford). the mummy body of Princess Ananka from her grave in Egypt. Andoheb regards it as a foreign act of desecration and wants the family to suffer for such a terrible act against an ancient Egyptian habit. Bey and the mummy Kharis find a nice stay in a cemetery where the High Priest of Karnak can work as a caretaker. Every full moon, Bey, will give Kharis a form of fluid derived from several Tana leaves, which will not only keep him alive but subordinate to his master's wishes. Bey advises Kharis to kill Stephen and his sister Jane (Mary Gordon) while also giving Babe time to return to become a victim. 3. Dr. John Banning (John Hubbard) plans to bet Isobel (Elyse Knox), but does not know that Bey secretly plans his fiance plans to kidnap her with Kharis's help. John's life is in danger because of his father. He is also the last remaining member of the Banning line. If Bey Isobel has, there is no chance of more mortgages being born. Police need Kharis and the one responsible for his massacre ... This film is a continuation of HAND that was established years later. The members of the film, Foran, Ford & Zucco, all appear in "aging" makeup that offers wrinkles that show the gaps in time, as Andoheb prepared before the Bannings died. The cornball romance of John and Isobel just looks in this plot, so Bey will suspend his plan which is successfully executed before rolling it out. And, Bey saw her just seeing John on the grass. The whole "love-at-first-eye" waste was really not washed for me. Plus, you have the mummy capable of killing people with one arm. Is any mummy really that powerful? This film also uses a ton of footage from the previous movie to save the budget on this sequel. There is really not so much story here and yes, typical of universal monsters, even in America, a crowd will lift people. You know how it will end. John and the super-powerful Kharis will be square in a large mansion with fire burning around them, with the evil being engulfed in flame.
