Set in a post-apocalyptic environment, cyborgs led by a warlord. Job about the human population. They basically keep them as cattle, as they need fresh human blood to live. Nea and her brother managed to survive one of their attacks when she was a child, and years passed when she returned to the cyborgs, but this time she was saved by the cyborg Gabriel, who was created to all to destroy cyborgs. Job and his men are on their way to catch a big city, while Nea (with revenge in mind) pleads for Gabriel to train her in the way of killing cyborgs and she will get him to Gabriel. <br /> <br /> Cheap lower rent cyborg / post-apocalyptic foray by writer / director Albert Pyun (who previously made "Cyborg" and the blistering "Nemsis" the same year) is quite a deceptive junk of junk with " some interesting innovations. Very little structure makes its way into the distorted story, as the turgid script is weak, obscure and over-emphasized. The leade banter tries to be greasy, but it stins a lot and comes across the fact that it is comical in the unintended moments. Most of the actions are pretty senseless and routine. The material could have used another police cake, as it was an inspired idea devoured by lazy inclusions, lack of narratives and an almost ghostly tone. The finishing touch, stone hanger conclusion is just too sudden, especially since a successor has yet to be made. Make it so sensible that it goes out of money and says, "Time to pack. Let's make it another day (or maybe another decade). There's no rush." But it rather distracted it, thank you very much for its quick pace, some well-executed battles and George Mooradian's gliding cinematography that captivated the visually arrested background. Performances are fair. Kris Kristofferson's dry and sturdy persona works perfectly like Gabriel and a confident, psychic-capable Kathy Long draws the stunts expertly and aggressively. But her play is too wood. Lance Henriksen gives a mouth-watering performance of pure ham, as the cruel Cyborg leader Job, who constantly has a saliva crash. Scott Paulin drums a lot of joy as one of the cyborgs and Gary Daniels also makes a puzzle. Pyun picks up some exciting martial arts pieces, with some flashing power and grumpy slow motion. In the background is a scorching but mechanical sound music score. The special effects and makeup FX stand well enough. Pending, but not quite a success, and it's minimal restrictions, can cause it.
