A few minutes after the credit points, I set up an evening on a cable channel in this thing, so I didn't know who did it initially. The longer I saw it, the more I started thinking, "Jesus, it looks like an Albert Pyun movie." However, it wasn't quite sure, for two main reasons: photography was pretty good (and the Utah desert beauty was beautiful) and Scott Paulin gave a hilarious performance like Simon, a murderous cyborg, but with some style and a sense of humor. Paulin must have ad-libbed the very clever one-liners he shot, because Albert Pyun did not write anything funny or coherent in his career. Unfortunately, Paulin does not have so much screen time before he is gone, and the film is the worst for it. Lance Henriksen, playing the evil head cyborg, breaks his way through his part, as he did in many other films like this. I don't know what hell Kris Kristofferson does in this thing; Perhaps he wanted to see the Utah desert look and pay for it. He goes through the movie (and sounds) as he just woke up and spends most of the last half of the movie on his back in a tent. Kathy Long, the nominal hero, has a good body, is attractive, has a good body, fights very well, has a good body and does not have an iota of acting talent, but it doesn't matter in a movie like this. This is an Albert Pyun movie. It's full of the brands that we all know and love: foolish and idiotic dialogue, sounding editing and the impression that they've lost a spool in the middle of the picture. , no one will ever notice. "<br /> <br /> But as bad as this movie, it's a shadow over most of Pyun's other efforts - it's" Citizen Kane "compared to its brain-following Adrenaline: Feel the Rush, for example. The battles are pretty well done, if they repeatedly (after beating eight or nine guys one after the other, find yourself: "Alright, go to something else"), and Long is very athletic (and as a previous poster noticed, has a great derriere). It's not a good movie by any imagination, but it's not quite as close as incoherent and incompetent like Pyun's usual extravagance bag. You can rent worse than this movie - not much worse, granted, but worse.
