I'm usually a Spike Lee fan. It takes time to really get into his "mojo", but once you see the clear message and the story close to his heart, Lee is a genius. Unlike the 25th or Bamboozled (two of my favorite films of his), there was no clear story in this movie. I was able to understand the battle between Washington and the choice to play well or influence others, but Lee could never get the right feeling. Washington did a decent job with what was handed over to him, but you could say it wasn't Lee's favorite movie. Not only did Lee arrange this movie, but he also wrote it. You can tell it. The work of the camera was terrible and the writing only contributed to the decay of the film. This movie is full of circles and it won't be nice. Lee was not 100% behind this movie because he was with Do the Right Thing. Of all the movies I saw for Lee, it was the brightest and modest of his films. It was almost as if he had created a Hollywood movie instead of one that was his own. I do not know if he saw the money of Doen the right thing and ran with it, or what? but this film did not show its true talent. <br /> <br /> For anyone out there who's seen this movie and maybe stopped doing something Spike Lee indicated after that movie, I suggest you give him a second chance. Don't get me wrong, I see exactly where you come from with this movie and why would you want to put it behind you, but Lee grows big. His work becomes more of his own, and you can see the transformation of a desire to make money just to make good movies. It took me a while to watch the 25th hour, but when I did, it was pure brilliance. Maybe it was the actors, maybe the story, but Lee made a wonderful movie from one man's journey in the unknown. I think that's what I hope Mo 'Better Blues would be like. This really dark journey to the life of a man who has never grown up, but instead of everything I got was Denzel Denzel. He is really one of the most versatile actors of this generation, and I consider him the Sydney Poitier of the theater, but it wasn't the movie to show his talent. <br /> <br /> Another problem I had with this movie was the use of Spike's sister playing one of the love interests. I don't know about you and your family, but I don't think I could film a sex scene with my sister. I don't care who the actor is or how much money I pay, I will never do it. It's just something I never want to see, but it seems different to Spike. He continued and showed the sister's full naked image without repentance. It was sad and it even made me blush. Also, I need someone to answer me. What was Flavor Flav doing to introduce this movie? So I'm sitting there on my couch, ready to start the movie, if there is suddenly a voice from the past splashing the studio that made this movie, he admits himself. It didn't build a strong remnant of the story. Again, I felt that Lee was going to spend money on this movie instead of real talent. Maybe that's how he could afford Both Denzel and Wesley in the same movie without any explosions. <br /> <br /> There were two big scenes in this movie that made it worth watching through to the end. Don't get me wrong, it was a very bad movie, but there is always a diamond in every street. The scene when Bleek accidentally forgot what woman he was, was fascinating. He constantly went back and forth and confused the truth in a way that proved Lee was actually behind the camera. It was a visionary scene that was probably lost because of the rest of the poor scene. The other scene that was worth watching was the way Lee introduced and ended the movie. By keeping the same pace and direction, he could bring this tragic character to the full circle and give him the opportunity to change his life. Except for these two moments, the rest of the film was pure refuse, it's not worth seeing unless you go blind. <br /> <br /> Degree: ** from *****
