There are two groups of people ... those who love every Fellini movie they see and ordinary people. While I admit I enjoyed many of his films, I can honestly say that I can't stand them. At the same time, my opinion is not just a knee response. I saw most of Fellini's films and also saw many movies by the world's best-known directors. With this in mind, I feel that the most overestimated and annoying directors can be both Godard and Fellini. They both rejoice in the bizarre and often irreconcilable and yet received the awards from the judges and the "intelligensia" while the average person never goes through their films. Heck, even a person who loves international cinema, will generally be left out in the cold when he sees these movies. So, since only a small click actually watches their movies and they already appear to see the directors as genius, it's not surprising that their films are so much praised - it's like a cult! If you don't believe me, think of many of Godard's films like FIRST NAME CARMEN or ALPHAVILLE, ... or what about FELLINI SATYRICON or JULIET OF THE SPIRITS? These films flow from boredom, strangeness, and incomprehensibility. Now I'm not saying a movie can't be strange (I love the luck of the KATAKURIS and SHAOLIN SOCCER), but it must be vigilant! <br /> <br /> Now to this movie. Somehow, Fellini managed to make a story about a sexually compulsive man, totally boring and unseen. This is not a small task - it has done a lot of work to make it so uncompromising. Instead of cheap sexual excitement, sexual acts are choreographed in a stupid and annoying way, while the character of Casanova is buried under so much makeup and prosthetics that Donald Sutherland looks like a ghoul. I know it should be Fellini's intention, but many viewers will be completely bored with this sterile performance - especially since Sutherland's lines are all badly mentioned in Italian and therefore he doesn't look like himself! Unfortunately, if the movie is not included in these boring sexual escapades, there is nothing else to look at. <br /> <br /> An interesting note on the first sexual conquest shown in this dull movie is that the actress looks amazingly like a younger version of Fellini's wife, Giulietta Masina. Since Fellini Masina also had playing characters such as a prostitute and a terribly abused woman in previous years, he seemed to have really hated his wife and acted on the screen. I read a bit about them and their stormy relationship and it looks so good too. It's about the only aspect of this turgid movie I found interesting. Don't say I didn't warn you!
