An allegation of aggravated sexual assault, along with some other unpleasant pekadillos, including the improper use of a broom, is made by a "moderate" at half a dozen or so of the most popular high school jocks in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. delayed "student (Heather Matarazzo). The investigation and building up of the case is handed over to the DA's office, where Ally Sheedy and Eric Stoltz are put in charge. <br /> <br /> Rumors about the case spread through Glen Ridge, a middle-class suburb where the jocks are worshiped by everyone in the community. (One of their fathers is a police lieutenant.) No one believes Matarazzo. "Our boys will never take such a slut to the basement, rape her and subject her to such sexual humiliation." The question is whether Sheedy and Stoltz will ever be able to form a sufficiently consistent case so they can hear the jocks. Matarazzo is not an ideal claimant. She is desperate for love and friendship, making it easy for faux friends to trick her into making false statements. A smart reporter says, "You can trust me," but it seems the reporter can't be trusted. Another student, a very popular girl in school, draws a Linda Tripp on Matarazzo, pretending to be her bosom friend, but asks her all the top questions about the incident - and paste the results! As a result, looking at this story unfolding is like being on a roller coaster. Initially it looks like a good thing for Sheedy and Stoltz. But then, oops, the community organizes the law. Then it looks good again. But then the reporter interferes. Then that obstacle is not overcome sooner if Linda Tripp puts her big nose into the investigation and reveals the tapes that apparently indicate that Matarazzo is lying. (Well, actually, she was revealing - but she was lying to her interrogator to please her.) Then it is overcome, but Matarazzo pretends to accept the position because she doesn't want to be characterized as 'delayed'. Eric Stoltz is good at the part of the prosecutor. I say this for the simple reason that he and I lived in Pago Pago about the same time. (I hope he wasn't the kid I had at the Seaside Club's bar. If he was, I'll take my compliment back.) Ally Sheedy is a strange actress and hard to characterize. She did a wonderful self-directed work in "Fine Art", but I didn't feel any particular effort was put into this role, which was in any case quite formal. I mean, neither she nor Stoltz or anyone else can give a bravura show in what is actually a comic book story. <br /> <br /> Producers and director had the good sense to choose Heather Matarazzo for the role of the victim. The worst thing they could have done is a gorgeous, shiny blonde. Instead, Matarazzo, without being ugly, looks rather plain and this ordinary quality is complemented by her care and make-up. The authors did not change her evenly and softly. She has a temper and is sometimes annoying to listen. It's all good. <br /> <br /> Matarazzo's character is the best in the movie. The jocks are stereotypes. Pure evil. They think they are above the law, indulging in a pretty girl party in East Orange, throwing their place down at a party worse than La Dolce Vita's climatic orgy, and leave without explanation or excuse. They deserve to get in the neck - and they do. <br /> <br /> I then referred to as a comic book story and that's pretty much what it is. It makes no difference to our prejudices. This again confirms that the world can be divided into good and evil. And we don't have a moment's doubts about who's who. What I'm waiting for - not really, it's just rhetoric - is a movie almost exactly like this one and a dozen others, but in which the victim LYG to get her name and photo in the paper and collect everything. those sympathetic chicks of righteous people like the rest of us. <br /> <br /> The movie is based on a true story, like so many others we've all seen, and even more fictional features. (Eg, "The accused".) Some are good, some are strictly routine. Okay. Fair enough. Now when we get a movie about the Tawana Brawley case, in which the teenage girl disappeared for a few days, her friends stripped her, tied her and smeared her with dirt. Can she say she was kidnapped and raped by the police? Now it is a challenge in a way that is simply not.
