Despite the seriousness of the subject and probably the good intentions of the filmmakers to make a film about white domination, the contradictory character of his main character, Bronson Green, aspiring New York actor, easily became L.A. Phony changed. This makes it difficult to take the story seriously. Green, which is constantly being rejected by Los Angeles decision-makers to be outdated (ie New York when the 80's are looking for big, blonde and stupid), he finds that success comes easily if he is willing to succumb to his distort image. Unfortunately, the new hair dye and appropriate "surfer" holding ends up acting as an acting opportunity with the Jericho Church, which endorses the white supremacist teaching of the Aryan people. Green is ready to forget his past, and especially his back on his young ten-year-old friend, to be the new church spokesman. It doesn't make sense, since how our principle was initially in principle. It's this sudden and loose change in character, along with a sudden return to the hardened, DeNiro-obsessed (as his Taxi Driver character) form that the villains can fight. A noble effort to the filmmakers, but one that ultimately reveals itself as nothing but serious. <br /> <br /> The other characters are also very annoying and what we are forced to recognize comes too easily. psychic paranoia of the church leader, the self-interested actress girl (the first friend Bronson did when he was in LA), and the new blonde girl whose character had so little development, is for the most part just a step and talk void. We are just supposed to see them in brief moments in which something randomly forces us to draw assumptions about the characters. But there is really little development from any of them. <br /> <br /> The other problem with this movie is the ungodly amount of time the characters are involved in very few important actions. Much of the start is about the introduction of the characters, and later we see Bronson's problems breaking into the L.A. scene and the frustrations arising from constant rejection. But after willingly changing his appearance and personality to be accepted, there is at least a good twenty minutes to thirty minutes of wasted film in which very little of everything happens. <br /> <br /> For searchable movies To draw attention to the irrational fears of racism, it has not done enough with credibility.
