It is not obvious to watch this movie (so I recommend viewers explore the people who are suggesting their case), but this presentation on the realities of Islam and the encouragement of violence and intolerance against all non-Muslims missing objectivity. completely failed to factorise in the human condition. It is one thing to document that the Qur'an says many things about how a religious Muslim should be obliged to communicate with non-Muslims, but any realistic is able to realize that not every person who feels himself a follower of Islam, will agree with and comply with all principles of that faith and system. There is reason to question many of the presenters, so the viewers should see the presentation with a healthy skepticism; Don't swallow it all, crochet, line and sink, without thinking of your own thinking. <br /> <br /> One particular, for example, examines the person Walid Shoebat; claiming to be a former Muslim who committed an act of terrorism in Bethlehem. There are many wise people in the world who do not believe any of these allegations. I'm also not a Muslim. I have never read the Qur'an. I am not a Christian or a member of a Christian faith. But I am an intelligent and sensible person. While the film is quite disturbing, in his portrayal of how some Muslims regard their duty to Islam; I remind you that there is more to Islam than the views of the fundamentalists. Just as they are fundamentalists and evangelical Christians, there are also variations in the intensity of faith and obligation among Jews and Muslims. <br /> <br /> If you watch this movie, you need the salt cooker on hand. One grain won't be enough, you'll need more. Please use your own thoughts and think for yourself, investigate what is being offered, and evaluate the state of the world and how it fits in with Islam, based on more than 98 minutes of video. There is a common thread of political affiliation among those who put this film together, indicating a clear bias. Be your own brain.
