This is one of the worst movies I've seen this year. You shouldn't see this movie, but if you insist on wasting your time, stop here, there are SPOILERS. Gray Matters focuses on Gray and Sam Baldwin (Heather Graham and Tom Cavanagh). Only Gray and Sam are Brother and Sister; To live together in everyone's eyes as husband and wife. No sex, but just about everything else. Early on, the movie with the theme begins, "The most absurd thing at the most absurd moment, with you guessing the most absurd reactions." Gray and Sam decided to watch the dog park with a borrowed pooch. Instead, lubricate her brother to get the skinny on the first woman they see for him, she does it and also gets the tough questions. When she shows her brother to come over, they start a 3-way date. Charlie (Bridget Moynahan) is the girl of their dreams, like all the right things, etc.? Sam final hits Gray over the head and the couple ends the date with a wedding proposal! That Charlie accepts! In one week, Charlie, Gray and Sam must be in Vegas. In the next week, Charlie and Gray will go for wedding dresses. (Charlie apparently has an off-the-rack figure). Gray grabs an ice rope when Charlie also tries Gray on a few gowns and carries out a $ 10,000 cargo for her. While Charlie grabbed her in this down-payment-on-a-house gown, Gray is still slamming the slats (I swear it was like a feed bag). What has to happen, but "woeps!" Latte over the gown. It is never explained how they came from Bloomingdale's bridal salon, with a $ 10,000-colored gown. Back to reality '?? Caesar's Las Vegas Palace. They have the 'high-roll room' (Sam is a resident surgeon and Charlie is an internal zoologist. Where do they get all this money?) Gray kicks Sam out to the single room in the hall so she and Charlie can have a bachelorette drink -a thon was, you guessed it - they kiss. Gray remembers everything; Charlie remembers Nada. They make it a wedding chapel and right when the first gets its line. "If there is anyone who has any objection to the union of these two birds of love, Gray gets the gate. Gray excuses herself, for some reason, the first one has to repeat his last line and again a witch again. Gray comes back to NY and starts dating a man she meets, literally, and of course you're guessing again! Gay. The other is a while and the third is a taxi driver (Alan Cummings) with The name Gordy, he was beaten with Gray, but the feelings are not sent back, they become good friends, which is good because when she comes clean with Sam over the coast, he blows up and kicks her out of their apartment. Coming to his senses, he goes to her office. Gray works at an advertising agency. This office is in the middle of the twilight zone, which has cameras and microphones in all the conference rooms that are broadcast to all computer monitors at the agency. Sam gets gray in one of the conference rooms for a non-private conversation ends her up at the whole office. That's where I doubt there was a gay man or lesbian on the crew: Gordy came to her rescue and convinced her to go to a lesbian bar. "Sorry, no men" says the bouncer. So Gray and Gordy return with Gordy in tow. Bad drag. He was in a sleeveless black satin-like blouse, a string of pearls and a grandmother's church hat. No lesbian will ever confuse this 'man in a dress' as a queen of draws much less a woman. The bar was also the straight man's fantasy of what a lesbian bar is: full of Victoria's Secret models. Everything appears from peaches ?? She goes home with her firm's client. Gray happens on the woman's account and eventually makes it kiss. For some reason nobody tells Charlie anything and she is unaware of the whole movie of this kiss with Gray, but that is for the successor.
