I had to end up on this film fifteen minutes from the end ... passed through the circular stage and in pure boredom. What really makes me wrong is that I really disturb myself is that there are people who refer to this aimless drive as "wonderful" or "must see". I would feel deeply sorry for those who have been so harassed if it was not for the clear impression that most positive comments on this level and humorous transvest were written by industrial plants. <br /> <br /> The truth is it's a lamb movie It doesn't do anything to entertain or relieve. It's definitely unfunny, poorly written and has all the pace and energy of cold, canned rice pudding. Being masterful for Ms Kramer can best say that it was a missed opportunity because I read the synopsis before I watched it. I expected something more challenging. The possible misinterpretations of a close brother and sister dependence, the unexpected awakening of 'sisters' sexuality, and the comic potential of such a sister rivalry (for the feelings of the same girl) were all obvious subjects for refreshing comic exploration, In every turn, the movie is frustratingly lost. <br /> <br /> Instead, the audience is exposed to a tortuous array of uninspired and unceasingly drawn situations, with cliché-like characteristics and dull performances by a governor struggling to believe and, of course, in need of much stricter direction. The lack of direct control seems surprising; On the one hand, Moynahan, Cavanagh and Spacek all give a lot of pedestrian performance, while Heather Graham and Molly Shannon - especially the latter - sometimes make too much damage. One can blame the director for that. Sue Kramer may hope that if her actors are handed over, they will force a greater laughter of the audience. But then the cast is a veteran one; One would expect them to do better. <br /> <br /> Sue Kramer really needs to think carefully about what kind of movies she wants to make, and for whom. Given the possible issues referred to by Gray Matters and giving her inability or unwillingness to fully explore them in the context of a comedy, she may rather write dramas. I know it's never easy to make movies about women's and women's issues, especially if you want to reach a bigger audience than women, but whichever way she gets, unobtrusive and thin characters like Gray won't cut mustard.
