Sam (Thomas Cavanagh) and Gray (Heather Graham) are dedicated brothers and sisters who share an apartment and love for many things - ballroom dancing, 1940 movie musicals and, to their surprise, a handsome woman named Charlie (Bridget Moynahan). Historically heterosexual, Gray is confused by her new feelings. <br /> <br /> Gray Matters seems to be one of the most beautiful movies I've ever seen. It's boring, predictable, unfunny, poorly acted, and poorly written. Nothing about it really felt and everything was very cheesy. Also, this is not really a romantic comedy with a special twist, but more of a "coming out" movie. Sue Kramer tried to make the first half cute with the romantic stuff and the second half seriously with real acceptance and handing out. Unfortunately she failed. The first half was mainly unfunny and only Heather Graham could do it a bit. Then the movie got an awkward tone and became serious. The serious scenes were poorly handled and all the emotions just felt fake. <br /> <br /> I think I would have enjoyed the movie a little more if the relationships between the characters felt more authentic. The relationship between brothers and sisters was very poor and it didn't seem so close. Their relationship just didn't feel very natural. The relationship between Tom and Bridget also felt very unnatural. If two people were to marry after they only knew each other for less than a week, you would expect to see a little more excitement, but the characters talked about marrying in Vegas in the same way as asking a waiter what offers are. . There was a lack of excitement in the film and it was difficult to get involved with the movie with such motive characters. <br /> <br /> The acting was mostly poor, which was somewhat surprising with the decent cast. Heather Graham gave the only good performance in the movie. She was funny and had some charming scenes, but it was too bad that all her co-stars were dudes. Bridget Moynahan was very poor and her performance was fake on every level. It also seemed to read her lines. Thomas Cavanagh was beautiful wood and he had almost no emotion. The chemistry between Thomas and Heather didn't exist and it damaged the movie because their relationship was poor. I can usually rely on Molly Shannon to be funny in a supporting role, but here she is just annoying. Sissy Spacek had about two screens and she was both irritating. Lastly, Alan Cumming just had an embarrassment and his performance wasn't very good. Overall, Gray Matters is a lame movie and it's not worth watching. Rating 3/10
