If you watch a movie so stupid as 'Hot Rod', you have to go back, relax, and change your intellectual ability to a similar state ?? which in this case is a state exposed to endure brainless fools who are somehow confused for comedy. With a short 88-minute jerk, this film was dug out for a long time and buried himself under a bunch of repetitive jokes? jokes that came from a minority and were not even funny in the first place. 'Hot Rod' basic material is as superficial and irrelevant as 2004's cult hit 'Napoleon Dynamite', although it is much more confronted and without any laughter. In fact, the film's blatant despair to be compared to 'Napoleon Dynamite' is blatant and offensive, and disapproved of me, rather than just being annoyed. <br /> <br /> The movie, if one is forced enough to call It presents a small story pretending to be the proclamation, Rod Kimble. We had fifteen buses (one more than his idol Evel Knievel so we were told by Rod) and $ 50,000 for his stepfather's impending life-saving heart surgery; everything so that he can fight his stepfather, once repair and get his respect? for to gain man's respect, you must first fight them. Huh? Whatever. Every character is no more interesting than Rod's pounding mustache, and from the movie's opening joke to his ridiculous conclusion, did every scene play like a nonsense and terribly indecent SNL shit? which, with the addition of an extra 85 minutes, is essentially what Hot Hot tries to be. <br /> <br /> The filmmaker Andy Samberg has made an effort to screen off every last drop of his comic ability. Unfortunately ?? rather realistic ?? his humorous talents are no longer admirable as a five-year-old who presents his own exhausted joke, which includes somewhere the innocent rough poop and khaki gags. And if it's disappointing, pull a chair, put your face in your hands and push yourself for the right shot: he's the movie's humor! To save them from their mortgages, I will abandon the horror of Samberg's co-stars and leave the second third of the Lonely Island team, director Akiva Schaffer, to his non-existent director as director? or a comedian. Basically, everything one can do to further trample an accident course is well portrayed here; and so arrogant, as if the movie were in that way more beautiful. Don't believe yourself believing that there is even a single laugh in this hope, or treat yourself to another movie? ANY other movie.
