Many said Orca ?? Killer Whale is a Jaws rip-off. It's not really true, although Jaws' enormous commercial success undoubtedly made this man. Beest stories more attractive suggestions for movie makers in the second half of the 70's. Orca ?? Killer Whale would be better described as a modern day distribution of Moby Dick. This is a story about obsession. On the one hand, a whale's obsessive quest to avenge the death of his mate; on the other hand, a bounty hunter's obsessive quest to kill the whale before it can claim more lives. Unfortunately, the Orca Killer Whale comes on a very disappointing movie, its fundamentally interesting ideas being a bit spoiled by hammy appearances and incessant plot. <br /> <br /> Shark hunter Nolan (Richard Harris) meets a marine life researcher Rachel Bedford (Charlotte Rampling) diving from the Atlantic coast of Canada. Their event almost ends in a disaster when Rachel's team is attacked by a Big White Shark, but a Killer Whale is about to stop the shark. Then Nolan is increasingly obsessed with capturing a Killer Whale and selling it to an aquarium. But his plans are on fire again when he accidentally kills a pregnant woman of the species while the betrayed male looks. Rachel tells Nolan that a Killer Whale is an incredibly intelligent mammal with a strong memory and feelings, just like a human being. Worse, native Umilak (Will Sampson) warns him that the whale will always remember its grief and do everything it can to avenge it. Nolan initially tries to forget the whole unfortunate incident, but the whale causes devastation in the fishing village and the disgruntled residents claim that Nolan is sitting on the sea to find and destroy it. Finally, Nolan is forced to prosecute the Killer Whale ?? the hunt completely leads to the deserted ice bottles of the Arctic Ocean, where humans and animals spell their final deadly battle against each other. <br /> <br /> Two things stand out in this movie. One is the terrifying score by Ennio Morricone (perhaps the greatest composer of all-time film music, his talents wasted on several tenths in the 70's and 80's). The other is the amazing widescreen photography of Ted Moore, which makes the film consistently pleasing to the eye. In every other department, Orca ?? Killer Whale is a clumsy movie that does nothing to improve the reputation of its talented role and crew. Harris looks extremely sick in the film, his hair is sad, black rings around his eyes and the skin that is fatally pale. His performance lacks the usual vitality. Rampling has a very sexy attitude, but fails to convince with her long-standing and poorly informed explanations of the ways of whales. The rest of the actors are wasted in short and undeveloped roles, the most memorable of which Bo Derek sees her leg bitten by the fiery whale. The plot is totally from our beginning to end, with such turbulent rows as the whale deliberately launches a fire in the fishing village that destroys and destroys the local refinery! Although it is credible to assume that whales are intelligent creatures with real emotions, the idea that a whale can make revenge against a single human adversary and can do so can be completely absurd. Orca ?? Killer Whale is actually one of the man's finalists. beef cycle of the late 70's. Most will get away from the movie that shakes their unhappiness in the head and grinds their teeth with despair.
