This movie can't be overlooked or its message is "people are angry and bad and animals are sweet and impeccable" or "never go back into the water." A Visser (Nolan) goes out for a killer fish, a very bad thing, but if he accidentally hits a pregnant cow instead of her partner, the cow - and I use that word in all senses - who is Of course, a sick psychotic and the canonical villain of the piece - throw herself against the screws she tries to visit in the most disturbing and frightening chicks, not to mention the ineffective method of killing herself. (I doubt it was her first.) When her unborn fetus detracts from her shameful self-inflicted wounds, her partner goes spiritually with revenge and swears, harms, kills and mutilates anyone who even speaks to Nolan. It is clear that the total psychosis of people dates to the total psychosis. <br /> <br /> The film series of a half-minded anti-human message, "the poor poor whale! The evil people must suffer and die!" and yet it does not succeed in demonstrating Nolan. It is true that when he outlined his motives, he was selfish and cruel, but at the first fall of the first whale he became a heart, and as the film progressed, he grew more and more compassionate about the whale's pain until it appeared as if he would walk out on the ice and give himself to the whale just to make it feel a little better. <br /> <br /> The movie's final journey, in which Nolan follows the whale on a bizarre journey to the north, reminds me of Melville's fearless male whale connections, and for a moment it has a truly interesting conclusion come, where these two men could connect, even understand each other in their own sadness, because Nolan also lost his wife and unborn child to an accident. It's clear Nolan respects the whale and feels its loss. However, it never goes there. The whale character has no compassion or respect for anyone. <br /> <br /> The final scene loses this focus and becomes Jaws-like where the sea monster eventually kills everyone and Nolan and no doubt through a review, fails to refurbish the whale crusher (he has a good early snap made her head.) I love animals, and I love whales, and more I love hurricane whales, but if this movie's purpose was to make me feel the whale is the victim and that people are angry and contemptible, it completely failed. Nolan shows compassion and growth and feels for others, and all the whales think it is dead and mutilated. <br /> <br /> The only message you can walk away is: "If you see a hurricane whale, everywhere, run the other way around if you're stumbling in the wrong way, he'll take you to the ends of earth is hunting to destroy everything around you. "
