Orca starts out as crunchy Irish sea captain Nolan (Richard Harris) and his crew is trying to catch a big white jackpot so they can sell it for big money. Unfortunately, a scared marine biologist, Ken (Robert Carradine), is killed by a Killer Whale. This brings Nolan's interest in Killer Whales and decides he wants to catch one of them. But as he tries to do so, he gets a pregnant woman and injuries to the extent that she breaks down her unborn fetus, which makes a mess and orders her mate. Nolan orders the whale back into the sea, what happens. The male Killer Whale is very annoyed to kill one of Nolan's crew before reaching the dry country of Newfoundland in Canada. Once, the Killer Whale is a series of attacks on the town and it's people to lure Nolan back. from the sea for battle to death ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Michael Anderson I thought this blatant rip-off was terrible, I'm sorry, but I thought it's just ridiculous and completely boring even on a modest 90 odd minutes. The script by producer Luciano Vincenzoni & Sergio Donati is so stupid, I'm lost to words, the fact that it takes itself very seriously does not help. If I have to listen to Charlotte Rampling, talk about how intelligent Killer Whale's I will scream once again. I'm sorry, but I just don't believe a Killer Whale is intelligent enough to know who a particular boat is and sink. I don't think a Killer Whale can cause a big explosion, including knocking an oil lantern from a wall on the opposite side as it is no way to be on earth, it may know it there was, I do not believe a Killer Whale can identify someone's home, know that someone is there and then deliberately wreck, I do not believe a Killer Whale can move icebergs around to catch a boat, I do not believe Killer Whales can recognize people physically and I do not believe it has revenge instincts, or at least not as strong as this silly film. . Maybe I'm a little difficult, I mean it's a movie, but it's a movie trying to be serious and things just got ridiculous that I expected half of the Killer Whale to be a write letter to Nolan to tell him. His plan and hand (or should it be fine?) deliver it, the thing seems intelligent enough to do just anything else. They had been asked to get a cure for the cold! Seriously, it's a statement that's no longer accompanied by anything else in this movie. I found the movie very boring, totally dull and had terrible characters with no screen presence at all. It is obviously a Jaws edition (1975) that doesn't even come close to Spielberg's classic. <br /> <br /> Director Anderson is not a Spielberg. Certainly, this rubbish film has absolutely no tension, fright, tension or atmosphere. All the attack scenes are as boring as dishwashing and completely forgotten, nothing has been built up on them and almost not paid, because Orca doesn't get a single person. Then there are the scenes that have literally laughed at me, the killer whale shooters coming out to cry are sheer comedy and the opening styles of the two Killer Whales. I suspect it was trying to show them as a 'loving' and 'caring' couple, but I couldn't help but don't think it's the closest we'll ever get to Killer Whale porn, hilarious things . The footage of the Killer Whales itself is vague and dull, instead of matching and enhancing materials. It looks like a powerful wildlife documentary footage that is unrelated to anything else. Do you get the impression that I don't like this movie? Good. Also, forget about any gore or decent deaths. There is a short scene when Bo Derek bites her legs, but blinks and you will miss it. <br /> <br /> It probably has a huge budget and it still sucks, There is nothing outstanding about Orca, it's well made, but supposed, but flat, slim and totally forgotten. The cinematography is quite nice. The acting is bad, Rampling is terrible and the late Harris's Irish accent is embarrassing. <br /> <br /> Orca is a lame Jaws rip that completely ignores or wastes the game made by Spielberg's film. one for bad movie lovers everywhere. Definitely not recommended, but not quite as bad as Jaws: The Revenge (1987).
