I recently watched this movie on the Hallmark Channel. The film, in my opinion, went well enough but eventually became acidic. <br /> <br /> The story: An American soldier in Afghanistan receives one of the Christmas cards that a woman sent back to the US troops for Christmas. He is so inspired by the Christmas card that he feels it has given him a ray of hope and happiness in his life, a motivation to continue. When he gets leave, he goes to the town where the woman lives. He came over and mocked young woman and eventually found that she was the one who sent the Christmas card. He meets the family and after keeping her father (a Vietnam war veteran) to be hit by a car while crossing the street, the family decides to take him for a while. We learn that he doesn't have a family at home. The soldier agrees to help the family during the Christmas season by working with them at their timber company. The family comes to love him and vice versa. The soldier also falls in love with the family's daughter - the woman who sent the Christmas card. There is just one problem. She already has a serious relationship with a man she is in love with. It is also a long distance ratio. The boyfriend is very different from the soldier. He prefers wine and travel to France on hard labor and the outdoors. The woman prefers the latter. Throughout the rest of the movie there is a "love triangle" because the woman's boyfriend is back in town to visit her for the season. Everyone in the family wants the daughter to be with the soldier and the mother basically wants the best for her daughter. ** (SPOILER ALERT) ** The woman comes more and more like the soldier, as they have much in common. They spend a lot of time together. She is gradually attracted to his persona. Then one day he kissed her and she kissed him back. Now she's so confused! She is in love with her boyfriend and wants to marry him one day, but she loved that soldier. Soon the boyfriend (who doesn't know the coast, but very protective of the woman and thinks the soldier was trying to move in) decided to introduce the woman and accept her. However, his plans for their marriage are not plans she wants. She wants to be home, have children and be close to her family. He wants to travel the world, go to exotic places and if they have children, he wants to take it with them. It doesn't sound too exciting for the woman. However, the soldier feels bad about what he has done and does not want to make things worse. So he decides to leave town, despite the fact that the father insists on staying with his daughter. It all comes to light when we find out at the Christmas Eve service with the church that the soldier has not yet left. The boyfriend and the woman talk outside and he, broken heart, definitely decides to let her go and break with her. The movie ends with the woman and the soldier together. <br /> <br /> Things I like: I love the soldier through the whole movie. He is basically beautiful and polite, with a strong feeling of doing good to others; There are moments in which the family joins the church and participates in charity; the family holds hands and prays at the table during dinner; the father and mother have a long-standing and apparently healthy marriage; The soldier is trying to do the right thing in a situation after doing something wrong. <br /> <br /> Things I Don't Like: There is a very typical "love triangle" story in this movie; the soldier gets sour while moving slowly and subtly to the woman and finally kissing her when she already has a boyfriend; most of the family practically welcomes this behavior - the family goes to church and takes part in services, but that is how they act; there is a bad language. <br /> <br /> Conclusion: I was disappointed when the movie was going on, and it got worse and worse. I quickly ended the entire end of the movie because I had enough. So, the movie starts out with a few jewel moments, but eventually destroys itself. That's why I don't recommend this movie to anyone.
