It's a fascinating movie - especially for old movie buffs and historians (I'm both). Unfortunately, during the first half of the twentieth century, black Americans were not allowed into the white theaters. As a result, theater entertainment for black audiences has shown films that reflect black experience and show black actors. In many cases, the movies were essentially similar to the standard Hollywood rate, but with a much lower budget - and usually terrible production values. You can't really blame the filmmakers - they not only have the money and resources available to the average movie company. As a result, they had to make a lot less - including over-reliance on stock items seen time and time again, no money for re-emerging scenes and a need to make the movies fast! This movie has tried very hard to be a black version of a Gene Autry movie - instead, Herb Jeffries has starred. Jeffries was a light-skinned mixed-race man and featured in several similar cowboy films. In each one, he sings a little, fights a little (though VERY weak) and loves a little - everything you need in a cowboy. Believe it or not, Jeffries LIFE still at the age of 96. <br /> <br /> The general plot was indistinguishable from an Outry picture - complete with anachronistic items such as phones from West! The problem is that despite the agreements, the low budget shines through. Stymie (of the Li'l Rascals) filled some lines, but they just left it. The fighting scenes were totally untouched and was one of the worst ever on film. There were some strange plot holes, there was no background music. the movie is strange quiet and the acting was pretty terrible. <br /> <br /> Now, it doesn't mean it's not worth the movie - just because it's about technical issues that prevent it from getting higher. One reviewer, weird, recorded this movie a 10! How it can be with all the problems is beyond me. However, I can understand a person who enjoys the film despite his many problems. The plot is generally pretty good, the characters are nice, the music numbers are excellent and you know that the people who make the movie are trying so hard. This is a very important piece of American history. But a 10!? <br /> <br /> By the way, in a weird piece, the very long, thin and almost white-dressed Jefferies are accompanied by short, dumpy and extremely dark Mantan Moreland .... as his brother !! Also, Spencer Williams can be known to you. He plays Andy on the TVs "Amos' n Andy".
