The FBI story (1959) was Warner Bros. 149 minutes epic tribute to the well-known criminal investigation agency! From a book by Don Whitehead, a somewhat cumbersome script was found by Richard L. Green and John Twist and is aimed only at Mervyn LeRoy's flair. However, it had a wonderful color. Combatography by Joseph Biroc and a useful score by the studio's musical magician Max Steiner! <br /> <br /> The movie shows the history of the Bureau from its low beginnings in the twenties to the modern times and its all seen through the memories of aging agent Chip Hardesty (James Stewart), as he has his investigative experiences - In flashback - tell a class of emerging young agents. But it's all very long wind and episodic! And as it progresses, it begins like a TV mini-series instead of a big movie production, as young Hardesty uses the US crime spectrum to make such notorious criminal figures such as "Baby Face" Nelson, Ma Barker, Dillinger, etc. To sort. from devastating organizations such as the Ku Klux Klan, Nazi spy rings and the Red Menace. And here it should be said that only for the screen presence and appeal of his star the FBI story would probably be a forgotten disaster. In addition, this is another problem with the picture. Stewart is left to carry the whole movie almost on his own! With the exception of Vera Miles - who has the ungrateful role of being his long-suffering but dedicated wife - he is surrounded by role-players of minor players! Throughout you will find half of someone like Robert Ryan, Jack Palance or even Raymond Burr welcoming a welcome entry as a gangster or a police chief or whatever. But nothing is as imaginative as ever! Sorry! <br /> <br /> However, the film succeeds in giving a good look into the activities of the Bureau! With the help of Stewart's story, we learn about the thousands of men and women working for the organization, including the hundreds of agents in the field. And we are also treated in a glance at the headquarters that houses the gigantic record section and we also get a look at the chemists and fingerprint specialists. They are careful about their daily tasks. <br /> <br /> Another plus for the movie is Max Steiner's remarkable score! Hearing about the titles is a powerful, exciting and determined procession, while the pictures are softer moments an attractive love theme. But pretty ingenious is the imminent and ominous march theme for the Ku Klux Klan series. And even better is the rhythmic Latin American music written by the composer for the South American scene, especially the exciting Fandango as orchestrations for the arrival of Federal troops. The FBI story was one of five scores written by the composer in 1959, including Samuel Bronston's fleet-epic "John Paul Jones", the charming Rom-com "Cash McCall", Delmer Daves's western "The Hanging Tree" and Daves "A Summer Place" from which the Young Love Theme was derived - which would be an important hit for Steiner, better known as "Theme Of A Summer Spot". <br /> <br /> The FBI story is just about beating as a movie. Thanks to Biroc's rich color Cinematography, Steiner's wonderful music and of course Jimmie Stewart that makes everything visible! <br /> <br /> Classic but unrelenting line from the FBI story ............. As the mere Nick Adams (who just brought a plane with 43 people on board, including his mother is handcuffed. He's moved to the detention officer and fades: "If I get any post, send it to Canyon City. Jail for the next month or so - then you can send it to HELL."
