Although there are a few pieces in this 4-part documentary quote about the need for reform of drug law reform, it is not very well developed, unlike the many excerpts from those who feel that drugs currently illegal is a plague for which the only conceivable solution is the confinement of even those who are guilty even of mere possession of such drugs. <br /> <br /> Although this program as a whole leaves the viewer with the impression that the drug war is largely a useless exercise and a waste of money and it deserves some praise. Almost nothing in this documentary addresses the real problems that naturally cause and contribute to the total war against those who simply possess illegal drugs - many real problems that most drug warriors will tell you, if asked, think the drug is war designed to solve. For example, while many minutes are spent on the increase in violence related to the increasing popularity of crackers in the 80s, this program is by no means indicated that the laws designed to suppress crack cocaine make drug sellers impossible. enforce their contracts and business arrangements in law courts, forcing them to use violence to stay in business. But instead of seeing the laws as a major cause of violence, the drugs themselves seem to be guilty of debt. Unexplained, alcohol ban, the violence that followed, and the subsequent reversal of the ban are completely ignored by this program. <br /> <br /> This program will help maintain ridiculous stereotypes of drug users, which is the primary force in managing the very expensive and very problematic drug war. The possibility of including drugs other than alcohol in a happy and successful life is not really touched. Use of any drug that is exceeded will probably cause personal problems, but not all users exceed their drugs, just as not all alcoholics are alcoholics. <br /> <br /> If you want someone who believes adults have a moral right not to be locked up and ruin their lives through the criminal justice system just to use drugs that the government, Many arbitrary political reasons, rather than reasons based on sound social policy and legitimate science, have decided To completely forbid, whose users have decided not to conduct such metaphorical war, just forget. There is nothing in it. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, it's hardly in the category of anti-drug propaganda. It is mostly an interesting neutral-presented history of drugs in the 20th century United States such as marijuana, LSD, heroin, cocaine, MDMA and Oxycontin. But there is an important element of different people's views on drug laws, and most (but not all) of them are not very thoughtful or well-informed and are in favor of the drug-addict mentality, especially with regard to drugs except weed. <br /> <br /> Of course, the criminal justice system, along with its often difficult life-destroying penalties, is not the only answer or the most appropriate answer to every social problem, but unfortunately there is an epidemic in this nation of a as an incompetent disease whose primary symptoms are a lack of imagination with regard to social policy on certain drugs, a lack of compassion for fellow human beings, a prejudice against people using the drugs that are not government-approved, perhaps a vested interest in the growth of prison / police works, and a terrible apathy with respect to human dignity. It is morally wrong to kidnap or seize people unless you have a very good reason for it, and the mere possession of a randomly chosen group of drugs is clearly not such a reason. This is really the primary problem in the case of drugs, but this program ignores it. <br /> <br /> So, sometimes, the parts of this program that present history neutrally without stereotyping drug users at the heart of the drug war mentality is pretty good and interesting and entertaining. But when it comes to a rational, non-radical stance on drug policy, and to give the seer examples not only of people with drug problems, but also the many people who successfully incorporate drugs into happy and successful lives, it is disappointing .
