I almost saw it at a real kiosk (an art house theater, no less!), But couldn't have played it all over the week, but I finally saw it on the cable yesterday. I wasn't disappointed, that's for sure! Madonna did it again: NO OTHER BOMB! When will this woman learn? When will the studios learn? (Or maybe they have, since this movie is mostly dumped, with little fanfare and deadly mouth-to-mouth.) One would hope that it was directed by her talented man, who made an interesting and / or horrible entertaining work , would bring From the same quality Madonna showed in "Desperately Seeking Susan". unfortunately, this is just not meant to be, because here she is at her worst: singularly convinced of her own greatness, the smugness that penetrates every frame she enters, is becoming increasingly intolerable by her shaky faux-british accent, an accent that only accentuates the fact that her speaking voice is immature and not particularly pleasant. It may sound unnecessarily cruel, but listen to the woman and watch her movies, for example over the past decade: like the latter Bette Davis, there is an unmistakable roar to not only her buttocks, but to her whole face and body, here In spite of the hot photography being displayed throughout the film (perhaps his only saving grace), no favorites are being made. To her credit, the whole relationship is so misunderstood that one wonders if the world's greatest actress can do everything with this mess on her best day. No one involved escapes unharmed. Bruce Greenwood actually seems painful to be on the screen, but poor Jeanne Tripplehorn seems to be wearing herself as if she were really good at me. "Denial is not just a river in Egypt!" Adriano Giannini, son of Giancarlo Giannini, star of the Italian original "Swept Away ..." is, like his father in front of him, extremely attractive, and is not quite bad not (despite winning a Razzie nomination for the worst actor), but like almost everything about this production, it all comes back to Madonna, whose shoulders are to blame. Why her? Why not her husband, director Guy Ritchie? Just who do you think was behind this remake? What actress doesn't want every shot of a movie to focus on, with just a family member who doesn't share the screen? Oh, sure, Ritchie deserves some debt: surely he - or someone - ANYONE! - had to and could have taken the lead and insisted on something that borders on ACTUAL FEELING in her line readings (for her performance it is such a surprise that the rest of the scroll did not have splinters) or at least a lightning of warmth ... but she looks resistant to anything but a film-like black hole. In addition to anything else, it is strictly a vanity project for his star, so she is ultimately responsible for it. A movie like this, an "Odd-Paar" show of the classes, must be light and fun, with leaders who can shoot with each other with a spectacular, even romantic, dialogue. For what can a movie of which the two plot is stranded, really be stranded? Honestly, I don't think anyone involved knew exactly what they were trying to do; It also doesn't succeed as a comedy (I urge you to laugh once) or romance (Madonna's ysprinses routine prevents any chemistry). It's not even bad enough for us to enjoy love movie lovers. A real shame ...
