For years, Madonna has tried not only to prove herself, but the public eye that she can act. Unfortunately, it tries too hard while not shedding its own persona. Don't mix better. <br /> <br /> She looks better if she isn't the star of any movie. If you see her in supporting performances in DESPERATIVE SEARCH SUSAN (1985) or a lion of their own (1992), she is really good. As the story turns to other actors, the weight of expectation is by default taken from her shoulders. <br /> <br /> The problem starts when she is asked to be the star of a movie, regardless of the genre. If the focus of a plot that needs to be visualized, whether good, mediocre or simply horrible, should be in ways similar to a real movie performance, as opposed to a video performance. This is the major difference between Madonna and Bette Davis, or Meryl Streep. The latter two, even if the movie did not fail (because the visual storytelling was slightly effective, because we were attached to it, or because the script became short or because the actress himself was not just at her moment) would be there ' An extra thing in their performances that elevates the film from a full bomb. Both Davis and Streep had their share: Bette, with a longer career as Stripe, such as BUNNY O'HARE (1971) and WICKED STEPMOTHER (1989); Stripe in SHE-DEVIL (1989). But at least there was the naturalism in the way both had attacked their roles, which we forgot the banality of the movie and watched the show. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, Madonna is not a particularly gifted actress who really does not allow us to compensate, compensate, and even worse off someone other than herself. Someone like Woody Allen in SHADOWS AND FOG (1992), an inferior classic, seems to be in her watch time and a bit stiff, perhaps even nervous, as if she were aware of the cameras and crew and couldn't leave. <br /> <br /> So here she tries to prove she can act in what is essentially a two-character movie. Guy Ritchie, better known for action movies that filled male energy, looks like a story telling a story closer to someone from Michaelangelo Antonioni or Ingmar Bergman, who could tell a story of two people with incredible ease. And at 89 minutes, the events happen in such an unconvincing way that when the last half hour comes together and the story takes a dramatic turn, it doesn't feel sincere. From an absolute witch with no redeeming values ​​to suddenly fall in love, it must be the most unconvincing 180 degree turn, as Fay Dunaway's Laura suddenly discovered her passion for Tommy Lee Jones in the Eye of LAURA MARS (1978). Likewise, Adriano Giannini's nasty twist to the center of the movie - it has no humor and really psychopathic - and when he gives Madonna's love, is too fast to believe. Filming, filming, enhancing, or adding to slow-motion music and visual fitting of love stories and beautiful scenery to what a story of survival would be between indifferent characters to a love story where both of them discovered. /> <br /> Also try to have an unsatisfactory end to the movie's work - it just drag it, drop it, and when Madonna is filmed, it goes from hope to destruction in close close -up feels she is trying too hard. Many actresses did better to transport so much. Hers is a performance that is more suited to late 20s, early 30s acting games where posturing is reimbursed as a part or an emotion. <br /> <br /> Can the movie be better? Of course. There are a multitude of ways to film it in a way that would make the viewer feel that these people can at least see one another - this has been done before, for example in OVERBOARD (1987). It could have had an existential undertone in which two very different people should trust, but not necessarily change (to ensure a moral tone). Many dialogue and unnecessary erotic scenes could have been spared for a more "silent" movie look - as in PERSONA (1966). It may even have been something of an excitement, provided that the Giannini character has an average streak as Billy Zane had in DEAD CALM (1989). Even if it had been like a sex prisoner, it would have been better for Madonna to get her the top, impeccable freak. But with his average striped humor, without a glimpse of her character who has a softer side that sits behind a mask of bitches, and without really defining Giannini's own character, it becomes another one that looks like " a battle of the generations.
