Unless I was wrong, I rented a nightmare on Elm Street 3 a few years ago and there was a music video, I'm pretty sure what Dream Warriors is called, and I rented this one on DVD. that the video would be there, because it was one of the funniest things I've ever seen. It's amazing how 80's stuff is so funny, but nothing is funny than 80's rap videos. There was this rap group who sang the song Dream Warriors on the VHS version of this movie after the credits, and they all wear denim jackets with no shirt below and form appropriate jeans that are all sown at the bottom like Daisy Dukes . What a rap group can look like is more foolish. I can't imagine. <br /> <br /> (spoilers) Anyway, I was disappointed to find the video on the DVD version, so all I had was this mediocre installment in the Freddy Krueger series. The film starts with the same idea as part 2, with the main character witnessing all kinds of horrific murders and then coming out of a trance and finding himself with the bloody hands. Kristen Parker (Patricia Arquette) has a nightmare about the infamous home that Nancy Thompson lived. Then she walked to the bathroom, the washbasin's handles turned in Freddy's hands and fell on her and then she woke up in her bathroom and dragged her. own wrists. From there, the film changes into the ordinary mental hospital installment. <br /> <br /> `` Larry 'Fishburne, tired of always playing the bad man in his roles, was fortunate to take on the role of this film as a good man, orderly, strict but accommodating when the patients want to bend the rules a bit. Not surprisingly, he turns in what is the best performance in the movie. Arquette later became a full-fledged actor, but did not perfect her acting skills when staring at this film. The characters in the movie are mostly all the patients at the mental hospital where Kristen is placed after cutting her wrists. Everyone is cynical and uncooperative, almost no one believes they really belong there. Eventually they realize and can convince the staff that they all dream about the same man and that is not just a kind of group religion. <br /> <br /> Heather Langenkamp returned in her famous role as Nancy Thompson, this time growing into a dream researcher because of her childhood experiences with Freddy Krueger. Not surprisingly, she is able to quickly contact hysterical Kristen and the rest of the patients, as she has experienced exactly where they are going. There are some interesting killings in this installment, and the technology used for the special effects has taken a big leap. There is a huge, worm-like Freddy trying to devour Kristen's whole. There is a scene where a television is changing in Freddy and with mechanical arms he is counting one of the patients there for a few nights entertaining and punishing her for close. to the TV, but there is also an unconvincing go-motion scene where a few guys battle with Freddy Krueger's skeleton, which is in the drum of a car in a car junky rotting. And one of the more stroke-impressive scenes was one where Freddy attacked one of the patients in his dream (the one who was known to sleep). He tore the muscles and pee from his arms and legs and chased him like a puppet. Ouch. <br /> <br /> We get a look at Freddy's past in this installment. Not only do we meet his mother, but we also find the circumstances that led to Freddy being fed by more than 100 maniacs. To fight Freddy, the patients all fit together and use their special powers (in most cases reflecting their shortcomings in real life) to fight them. One student who is bound to a wheelchair can walk in his dreams, another has the hilarious powers of what he calls the 'Wizard Master', another is 'beautiful and bad' (she has a lot of makeup, her hair stands in a foot-high mohawk, and she has knives). Clever, but the movie falls if it only has one of the patients, the one who can't speak, has no power in his dreams to the climax of the movie, when he suddenly realized that he could speak in his dreams (at just the right moment to save the day). His dream power was a little too obvious to be left out for a long time, but collectively, now you see why the movie was subtitled Dream Warriors. <br /> <br /> On the whole, it's not a very bad entry to the series. The acting is pretty clumsy, but it's actually pretty good for a horror movie. Larry Fishburne overshadows the remnant of the role-play, which displays great acting skills early on, and the movie is not just a rehash of one of the first two? a problem that bothered the 13th movies on Friday, much more than the Elm Street movies. The characters are never developed enough to allow a lot of tension to arise. That's why most of the deaths are more than creative ways to kill someone in a horror movie than the tragic loss of one of the characters we've come to know and root for their victory over evil. But then again, not many horror movies take the time to really develop their characters to the point where you throw your hands down when they are killed or on the edge of your seat as they walk for their lives. But it is important to note that the few horror movies that actually do this are almost always the best ??
