I wondered why I didn't have Peggy Sue Get Married more than I did, when it only came out in 1986, with all the hype. Somehow I abolished Nic Cage's character. Ways to put away. Then the plot didn't make sense. Then at the end of the credits the question came up: What was the point of making this film? What did it say? The answer was unfortunately not much, anything. I really don't think this movie is aimed at making a statement; unless it was "your life is your life, you're going to make the same mistakes, no matter what, so keep your eye on the donut, not the hole". Not a very profound statement, and I'm sorry, not made deep in this movie. The writing is simply not that good. The direction is uneven, and is sometimes exaggerated. Kathleen Turner was the best, and in my opinion, worth only in this movie, and has done something about a miracle that creates a whole character despite bizarre, inexplicable circumstances, with a script that has no apparent statement. <br /> <br /> Finally, she has secretly lifted me from the main reason why I no longer enjoy this movie. She says in her autobiography that Cage has made a point of fighting his uncle Coppola's direction every time of the road, doing "his own way" (not a good idea for a new actor) ". voice was annoying, abrasive and unnatural, and his character was stupid and persuasive like a young man, I understand what he was trying to do: playing a young man's "hot shot" that wasn't as hot as he thought he was is not, and sets up his own karma for future failure, but he is going overboard, the way he does it is oblique, not effective, and if he listened to his uncle instead of fighting the man, we had a more enjoyable movie, cage slipping a bit with his turbulent voice-styling in the movie and sometimes it sounds like a real person, and those scenes are more visible than others, but if I had to watch the movie as a whole , I would have wanted to pay someone in LA to throw a bucket of water over his head during some of his more affected plays. <br /> <br / > The movie does not strive for a statement, does not make a point, is good to watch, except when Cage does a demented Elvis impression (but without the voice) and finally, confusingly and wasting time . Given all of this, Kathleen Turner surely deserved an Oscar in this whisper of a movie. I can't recommend anyone watching this for two hours unless you like Turner and have a remote option to pick out all her scenes. Believe me, you will not miss anything by hitting the other scenes, and it will make as much sense. <br /> <br /> Kathleen Turner is criticized by critics about her Kage comments, proving she is strong enough to be honest, and to hell with others' comments. You're going to Turner! I'm no longer a fan of this actress, but I'm from any other top-notch actress or actress, but her Christmas is refreshing. Cage's play may be good to be annoying, and it doesn't work here. At least, in this movie, we know why.
