THE NIGHT FAITH EXCLUDED FROM THE GRAVEN (Emilio Miraglia - Italy 1971). <br /> <br /> I just watched this boring piece of Euro-tosh in the way of Alpha Video's horrible DVD release (looks like a very bad video transfer), but from what I've seen, it's not nearly interesting enough to buy No Shame's recent DVD release. Taking into account their excellent record, it will undoubtedly be a major improvement over all previous issues. And don't pay attention to the ridiculous cover shown here. It's not taken from this movie (a girl who looks like a Jim Carrey look-a-like). <br /> <br /> Spaghetti Western star Anthony Steffen sports a waistcoat and accepts the role of Mr. Alan Cunningham, a man pursued in the memory of his dead wife, Evelyn. This leads to a nervous breakdown that keeps him in a psychiatric clinic. Once released, Cunningham can channel this trauma by taking redhead prostitutes to his rural castle and subjecting them to malicious acts of torture. His doctor and friend, Richard Timberlane (meaning you, Italian horror names sound "made up?"), Command him to forget the past and to remarry, but Cunningham is obsessed with Evelyn and even organizes a serenity at the castle. Eventually, after killing more girls, he met Gladys, another redhead and married her almost immediately, but the arrival of his new wife boasts a series of sinister events. Bloodthirsty creatures strike Sir Alan's family and kill them one by one. Cunningham is getting upset, visiting Evelyn's grave and discovering it's empty. Soon, a number of outsiders are beginning to suspect that something is going on in the castle and Lord Cunningham's treatment might not have been so successful. <br /> <br /> Director Emilio Miraglia tries to mix Gothic horror with Giallo conventions with limited success. As usual, the slightest effort has not been made to convince audiences that the film is set in England. The cars are on the right-hand side of the road, everyone looks very mediterranean and the castle (and the rest of the architecture) is completely Italian. This is common practice in Italian horror, but sometimes it only takes a little too far. The bad pressure made it even slightly portable, as it was so dark you couldn't see much of the area. But then again, this is the kind of movie where anything can happen in the name of exploitation and the portrayal of reality is not really the problem. A large part consists of sado-masochistic torture scenes in the castle torture room, but most of the time, Anthony Steffen is hammering his way through this and showing some horrible overtime workers. I think it all depends on your mood and it can be a fun piece of nonsense if you are in the right mood. I just couldn't take it, at least not with the pressure I watched. A beautiful score from Bruno Nicolai, which easily combines listening songs with some psychedelic rock numbers. <br /> <br /> Camera Obscura --- 4/10
