Lord Alan Cunningham (Antonio De Teffè) is a utility job that used to try to escape a mad asylum. With this castle, which is slowly ruining, he likes to kill several hookers who, like his late wife Evelyn, are a woman who betrayed him. man, with the red locks. This nose is fairly rich and its baccalaureus status can be very attractive. However, he is dominated by his obsession with his late wife's memory (specifically her adultery. She saw her naked with the lover). While Evelyn's memory almost devours his entire life, Alan tries his best to find true love and believes he has spent with Gladys (Marina Malfatti, who spends most of the movie naked. That's probably her only feature since she doesn't) a very good actress), who agrees to marry him after a very short court case that should immediately throw flags (there is an important moment of dialogue where she knows exactly what he is worth). <br /> <br /> The only true person Alan can trust is his hospital doctor, dr. Richard Timberlane (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart). There are other key characters in this movie that revolve around Alan. Alan's cousin, George (Rod Murdock), seems to be quite a good friend who often provides him with victims. I mean dates, while I hope to get his master's estate one day. Albert (Roberto Maldera), Evelyn's brother, is a witness to Alan's slaughter and instead presses him into the police. Aunt Agatha (Joan C Davis), wheelchair-bound, lives at the castle estate and is often seen behind torn doors. We later find that she has a love affair with Albert. <br /> <br /> All that is described above is the rest of the story that seems to be the ghost of Evelyn, which Alan died. of the rolling family that turns around Alan, and the body of Evelyn is indeed missing. <br /> <br /> The ultimate question is who commits the crimes after Alan and Gladys are married, where is Evelyn's body, and will Alan go over the edge? I have to be honest and say that I just don't give much to this movie. It is very uneven and the pacing is all over the place. It looks good on the new DVD and the "emerging from the grave series" is cool, but what makes the film in my mind a lot is that the whole scroll is unlikely. You really have a hard time caring for Alan, because he is a psychotic who skates on thin ice to keep his common sense. He can be very volatile. Whoever commits the crime is really not such a surprise because several key characters have been murdered, there are not just a few who can do it. What happens to Alan does not really make your throat scalp, because you can argue that he only gets what he deserves. Those who are behind the entire scheme of the Alan movie, as I have said, are not as shocking, because if you are only slightly aware of certain circumstances (or benefits they have) they will benefit from the crash of Alan's common sense, then everything comes down less than stars. I thought the editing was messy and unaware, but the acting of the whole role is really lower. Some stylistic help and there is a sniff of gothic atmosphere in the cemetery order to help it.
