Alan (Anthony Steffen), an English multi-millionaire with some loose screws (thanks to his first wife's infidelity and untimely death during childbirth), attracts sexy, redhead women to his castle and offers their bundles cash at the weekend to stay. . Once back at his ancestral step, he gets their neck tan, they hit them with a whip and then kill them. <br /> <br /> But when he meets blonde hottie Gladys (Marina Malfatti) and falls for her Very charming, he decides to give up and kill his murderous ways. Their devoted salvation is short-lived, but thanks to Alan's poor state of mind, which is becoming increasingly fragile when his dead wife, Evelyn, appears outside his window and a burst of gruesome murders within the castle grounds. <br /> <br /> So let's read: a rough 70s Euro horror with many nice women in different states of clothing; ghostly gothic retreats and foggy cemeteries; a sadistic rich psycho with a fondness for deadly beautiful babies with crackers; Several unholy murders (including a big bit where one victim has her head with a rock and her guts eaten by dragons). Normally, a checklist will ensure such a good time for me, so why did I find 'The Night Evelyn Came From Her Grave'? Well, for the first time, the plot is too boring: there are red herring, crazy plot developments, and it suspects it in general, and it all becomes too much. By the ridiculous end? Whereupon we have discovered that there have been a few people who are getting their greedy feet on Alan's wealth for a long time, and that our red-head nuts are really the hero of the movie? ? my head was too hurt to care! Secondly, the direction of Emilio Maraglia is pretty foolish. Stylish, yes; but as slow as molasses. <br /> <br /> And then there are the bits that are just too damned, possibly even a giallo: death by poisonous snake bites (surely one of the most bizarre choices of weapons ever); Alan's aunt Agatha, an old lame relative, played by a beautiful young woman; quoting a group of identical curly blondes as slave girls; The poor attempt to convince the audience that the film is being put in England (which calls 'pounds' and uses a crap police uniform for one of the extras is not enough); and then of course it is unlikely that a bag of sulfuric acid will be found next to a swimming pool. <br /> <br /> 'The night Evelyn came out of her grave' is not a total waste of time (how can it be, with so much female meat on the show?), but there are much better Giallo's there outside. Look at this one if you're a fan of the genre and you've seen the best, but don't expect too much.
