This film is just another distortion, under many distortions, on the so-called sins of consumerism. Please note that "Reverend Billy," an actor (Bill Talen), is nothing more than a bureaucrat against the sins of consumerism. We may want to ask questions, such as: What does 'Billy Reverend' do for a life? How does he make his money? Does he offer his "deductible" organization? How does the Internal Revenue justify it as a "deductible" church or organization? <br /> <br /> Everybody knows Christmas is being commercialized, but it offers one day a whole year in which people have the opportunity to be charitable and leave a significant number of people with their families, friends, , or extended families. Not everyone is charity. Everyone doesn't spend time with their families, friends or extended families. But, holidays and holidays give people that opportunity and opportunity. Yes, America has more than its share of problems - but with perseverance, Americans always have big problems. And even in times of strife, America has proven to be the largest country in the world. This happens when the Americans gather and unite, rather than divorce and divide. Yes, there are problems with corporations and monopolies, but it will take Americans to bring back the small businesses, along with the ethics of being responsible for people living in our individual communities. Yes, globalization has brought us its share of problems, but it will take Americans to bring production back to America. Americans and the US government have to learn how to stay on a budget, no matter how big or small it is, and we need to stop our dependence on credit. Our over-reliance on credit will make, and keep our arm, from the cradle to the grave. It's important to buy - but if we buy less, we'll count on credit. And if we can save even a small amount of money, we will have money for a rainy day. Not to say this, as Americans, we will get an equal share of prosperity. Wealth is not guaranteed and has never been guaranteed. But stratification teaches us that only a small percentage of Americans own most of America's wealth. There is a good proximity that you or I can reach the level of the upper middle class. And, who knows what can happen? Be positive, work hard - and at least you and I will at least achieve some (if not all) of our dreams. In life, nothing is guaranteed, but we always have something to achieve. And if you or I don't have dreams, we can be just as dead. In America there is always room for hope and dreams. As individuals, we are part of the pack, but we can always become the leader of the pack. <br /> <br /> It has always been my experience that churches and religion offer nothing more than additional confusion, but I pay dignity and respect people with other beliefs, values ​​and perspectives. But as far as the distortions are concerned, in this film I have no faith in such beliefs, values ​​and perspectives. I rank this movie with 1 out of 10 - but in all honesty and truth this movie deserves zero. This movie has no integrity, and I can't recommend it.
