What happened? These were the first words I had to remember after this terrible movie was finished for the first and last time on my computer screen. Nightmare on Elm St was noticeably downhill after it was cult classic of a first movie, but I doubt anyone expected this horrible expectation. No one expected this cosmic joke from a movie, and no one was more concerned about it than I was. <br /> <br /> This is by far the worst ANOES movie of the lot. It doesn't look bad at first, with a really creepy intro and a rather extended shower scene with Alice. But then we get right at the beginning with a bad play and a furious series of events. I mean, Freddy movies are probably dreamy and creepy, but this one is like a train wreck in its poor sequence of events and horrible plot setup. It feels like you're having a terrible headache, not as if you're scared. So the direction fails completely. None of the tensions and compensated horrors of previous successors are found here, and even the dead scenes are mostly just scratchy and moronous (especially death for food), except for that one cool scene made as a comic strip. That's why this movie gets a point. <br /> <br /> The storyline ... lamb, lamb, lamb, LAME. It was an excuse to break people out and make the MPAA angry, and nothing more. <br /> <br /> The acting ... should I mention how Freddy was transformed into a childish boogie-man-like clone figure? How did his rebirth scene look like a monster from a 7-year-old horror book instead of the premature and nightmare dream killer we've known and lived since the first film? That arm blowing and dumb slamming as he reappears ... ugh. And she's one linen too. Throughout the movie they suck. Bad. A graduate can come with more fun things, and vigilant Freddy spits on the 90 minute duration of the film. Hell, a chimpanzee can come with much harder lines than Freddy has said here. Who wrote the script for this? This movie is also very annoying. It seems so useless. Like a stomach around your head, a mosquito that just won't go. Freddy is just a nuisance. We saw him so many times before. This one is nothing else, and much of the time you just want him to take his awful one-liners and come off your TV screen. Alice, instead of the considerate and silent girl of the previous movie, looks annoying and very shallow, and of course this is due to the horrible, horrible writing that this movie was equipped with. Lisa Wilcox can be a good actor, and sometimes it shakes through the cracks here, but she can't save this movie. The other actors just suck mostly. <br /> <br /> The last 15 or 20 minutes of Freddy's existence in this movie is terrible and embarrassing. I hope that Englund is ashamed of this. Who wants to see Freddy running around like a mutated gorilla stretched out with his limbs, like a cartoon abuse laughing? This movie has destroyed something positive that I felt for the Nightmare series. I can never see them again without this image running through my head; of the flawed cartoon horror that Krueger has become. He is slowly becoming a yep, delayed pop culture icon, but it is the lowest of the layers. It is rock bottom. Nobody will ever take Freddy Krueger again after seeing this movie. He's nothing but a joke, a clown that has long been retired. Pathetic. <br /> <br /> Of all the movies I could hate, why had it been Nightmare on Elm St, a series I once worshiped and loved? The Dream Child represents the death of a legend and the breaking of any hope I had in the Nightmare on the Elm St. series. Freddy will continue to continue his downward spiral into the clown status in the next installment, Freddy's Dead (which was more entertaining than it was, actually) and then he will take the vote in Freddy VS Jason and eventually I will know it mostly A riddle was about why Freddy is now sucking, but this movie is complete, horrible and one of the worst movies ever made. . Not recommended for anyone, and even ANOES finalists won't want to see this one.
