It's crap .... totally crap. I can't believe any company can even make people work on a movie like this. Full Moon has a number of horrible movies, but it must be the worst. First, the plot does not exist. It's strange. It's like, they have an idea for the story, and some of it never really came around to develop it. They seemed to have lost a lot of time shooting out of shots while the two "heroes" were driving around in the desert and Bradbury talked about 10 minutes of ignorance. There were two scenes in the movie (when Dez and Dazzy were driving, and when Dez and Bradbury were driving) just where it went on and on ... it was almost like 2 music videos in the place where there had to be a dialogue or action. They only drove for about 5 minutes, with nothing but music and shots of the surrounding landscape. <br /> <br /> Next, we're coming to the acting, which is just awful. First, the girl playing Dazzy is just an animal. She's so scary looking, I wanted to look away when she was on the screen! Terrible casting. Then you have the man who played Dez, who could not act if his life depended on it. His "crying" is actually funny, and his crazy killers are even harder. The man who plays the desk clerk at the hotel is just as bad as the guy who plays Bradbury. There was no acting that deserved any recognition in this movie. <br /> <br /> The makeup effects ... hmmm, can anyone say pathetic? The "effects" were so fake, they were laughing. The crazy, little robot seeking catepillar thing grabs someone, they cut away, and when they return, the man has a completely fake flesh wound. Nice. Do they run on money on the makeup budget or what? I have to tell the druggy chick that is in the one girl's apartment ... nice makeup there too. I think they're going to have a stupid look, and I think she should have a black guy, but it looks more like cheap zombie makeup for Halloween. <br /> <br /> This movie is just terrible from the start. The story is stupid and very, very original, the direction looks like it was performed by a 10-year-old, the acting is the lowest of the low, and so on. Stay away from this movie at all costs. In the first place it is only 70 minutes, and at least 20 minutes it is taken by music or no dialogue or the character sitting in the hotel. Don't waste your time on this piece of garbage.
