Fashionably fragmented but touching, half-realized character study, an exploration of the different personalities of two college roommates: a talented but undisciplined star basketball player, and a pot-smoking, female rubble. We never learn why these young men are friends. They may share confusion about the world and their places in it, but they have nothing in common. Jack Nicholson, who wrote on the screenplay with Jeremy Larner, does not make his legal advice, based on Larner's book, presented to the characters with any clarity. He also doesn't make the screens to help us identify with anyone. on the screen. There are some very decent performances here (especially of newcomer William Carpenter in the central role), but most of the pictures are informal (perhaps intentional), sketchy or uncertain. Bruce Dern plays the running basketball coach, Karen Black is the older, married lady. Carpet has a relationship with Michael Margotta. Carpet's friendly friend (in a horrible, top-down view). Nicholson fails to set up the rows with any particular taste, preferring (I assume) the character interaction dominates the scene of the movie; his writing is also no help and therefore it is unclear who we should be sympathetic to. Small, random moments work (a supermarket battle between Carpet and Black, Dern visits Carpenter in his dorm room, all the screens on the court), but the whole third act of the picture is a turbulent mess. Nicholson hopes he will have to tackle an important b-ball game with a sexual assault. Nicholson doesn't show any style on his vessel, nor does he earn points for chutzpah, as his actions are squashy and ugly. When a director goes out of his way to humiliate his actors, one has to question his motives. Perhaps, if "Drive, He Said" finally made some sort of powerful statement in the bargain, audiences could forgive the film maker for its dilapidated judgment and taste. Unfortunately, the confusing approach is as much as the rest of the movie. * 1/2 of ****
