The tragedy is that this piece of garbage was part of my curriculum while I was theater. So imagine how I was forced to see it completely. Believe me going through hell is much easier. Our professor told us that this is a movie, but he never thought we wouldn't even agree. I don't think there are gods on earth, we're just people, so all the filmmakers can, they make mistakes, bad movies. Or very bad. The biggest problem was not that art was in any case susceptible to endless points of view, but that many people just didn't get it, that each person had his own taste, his own opinion, so what I think was the biggest movie ever made, can also be your worst one, and how is it right, but how many people can understand it correctly? So my professor believes in this movie, and I simply don't do it. The only way to evaluate this "thing" is to measure it by its original intent to show our different kinds of ancient folklore or whatever is caught in this society's mentality, imagination and nature. To tell you the damned truth, Mr. Pier Paolo Pasolini as the author and director made it too unbearable to look first and foremost. The movie is so slim. I can't stand it, therefore, how to analyze it and then discover the potential beauty there !! It is out of your wisdom, and oddly not for the sake of the film's case or anything, it's for the sake of the unstable vision of (Pasolini). His work is so primitive to underdeveloped scope. The deadly movie technique, the effective sense of cowardice and the incredible horror made everything unnecessary. Look at the horrific acting, the barren cinematography, the terribly poor sets ... OH MY GOD, I already have the nausea. This can end your objectivity violently. Watching this movie is one real pain like taking the wisdom stand by a blind doctor. There are terrible nightmares that can be more merciful than that. So originally, how to proceed THAT just to review it fairly? Actually, you don't. Since this very movie doesn't treat you at all fair. There is a truly unforgettable scene here where some boys look at the camera (!) I try to kill something like that with Pasolini's end.
