No movie with Madeleine Carroll in his role, may be unshakeable. That said, I must add that this British movie is coming close. The story takes place aboard the SS Atlantic and it is loosely based on the Titanic's unfinished journey. The word "incompatible" is spoken, the lining strikes an iceberg, and we hear a heavenly chorus "draw near to God." The deadly passengers eventually take over the anthem, in a clever piece of sound. But the year of the release of the film (1929) means that a modern viewer should otherwise accept primitive sound and many of the acting conventions of silent movies and stage. These are not problems. The movie's big mistake is pacing, and the pacing was well developed in silence. However, if the dialogue is delivered at a realistic speed, the time of the movie will be cut in half. The intended effect was drama (and clarity in a new medium), but the result is unfortunately now difficult. The film's structure is extremely illogical and inactive. Paradoxically, I have found that some techniques are fairly modern: fine, sudden cuts from one area of ​​the ship to another, sometimes even on sound effects. Although we were on board the first shot at the Atlantic, we were in the movie for more than 4 minutes before discovering that fact. There are long, intrusive musical parts by the ship's dance band. (Entertainment, Easy Sound.) Personal stories are presented in a totally undecided and unconvincing manner. Don't even think of spectacle. The mountain is a small thing, and the outboard that makes it on the ship's hull is a small dive. However, the screens of passengers floating in the lifeboats are clearly captured on a liner, presumably tied to a harbor. Generate great excitement. Besides the glorious Miss. Carroll, these rows are the only points of film excellence. Like the movie and the ship near their end, the screen goes completely black several times when the generators start to fail. Their last, everlasting eclipse is the end of the film, gripped by a sunset / sunrise, a clumsy symbolic effect. 'Atlantic' is a cinematic passion. At best. <br /> <br />
