For me, an unsatisfactory, unconvincing hoist film. With an A-List cast, especially the three leaders and an experienced maverick director like Spike Lee, I expected much more and eventually felt that what was delivered was little added to this movie subgenre. For a start, I did not have the pacing of the film, starting with the mastermind Clive Owen's raison d'etre stretching to the camera, unnecessarily repeating to the conclusion, and finding the story peepy confusing not to don't say. , then you find yourself jumping into scenes that you felt, earlier started. Of course, the camera works throughout, constantly moving and hand-camera shots contain a lot, but director Lee fails to deliver excitement or excitement, and basically falls off by not making any of the main characters in the film. Denzel Washington is given off with the clothing and bad-eternal talk of a "Shaft" movie thirty-five years earlier (he even says "no one understands him, but his wife" thing that goes on, full of she ") hot "girlfriend, bait her with a little rough and inappropriate" dirty talk ") and his soft" In The Heat Of The Night "rhyme with Willem Defoe (in almost a bit of a part) hardly make a ripple. Clive Owens plays his character with a resolutely English accent, even because we believed the gang was based Arabic, also preventing 90% of the film with a mask over his face. Jodie Foster delivers another of her patented ice cream cake, the Clarice Starling becoming a well-connected financial bounty hunter, if you like, to little effect. Overall, it's a real mish-mash of a movie, with a light but obvious twist to the end, in fact giving the title it from the beginning, spoiler fans. The worst scene (of many) is undoubtedly Washington's testimony interview, unbelievable, with an 8-year-old street child, although Owen's dialogue with the same childhood ministry earlier ended up embarrassing it. During the film, journalistic references are made by characters to classic films such as Serpico and Dog Day Afternoon, but there is no honor in self-exaltation. More like "The Hot Rock" instead ... and even that was good for a few laughs.
