I am a film production head at Wright State University in Ohio, and I had the opportunity yesterday to watch this godly movie in class. We were informed by our professor that it would be very funny to us, but the reason we looked at it was because it was one of the first sound films - a complete disaster. <br /> <br /> The problem with early sound movies was that Hollywood actors just knew how to do quiet movies and they weren't good at memorizing memorabilia. So producers and directors will look to the stage to get actors. Sounds like a good idea, right? Well, the kind of acting on stage doesn't look good on film. Most of the actors in "Atlantic Ocean" look and sound like they are acting in a play that is very sad at the excessive scene. Another limitation of early sound film was the technology of microphones. You can't move the mugs as you can today, you have to keep them static or it will pick up the sound of air passing through. There was usually one mike used in any given scene in this movie. In one particular scene there is a man sitting at a table. Someone walked straight to him and delivered their line and then left. Another actor comes from behind him, delivers his line, then walks away. It goes so far for a few more people. The microphone is apparently right by the man at the table, making for a ridiculous actor carousel. <br /> <br /> These are just technical issues. If you get into the story and direction, it gets even worse. The story is a fictional version of what happened on the Titanic. The characters are incredible and useless. A "story" about a man who cheated on his wife and their teenage daughter has no place in the movie. It is hardly solved and lets you wonder why it was in the first place. A suspicious attempt at high drama, the actors take long, pregnant roads between lines many times. It's annoying, and you can't wait for these 90 minutes (feel like at least 180 movies) to come across. I'm not going to talk much about the issue of racism in this country, but it really offended me that there were only two blacks in the whole movie and they were portrayed as animals. They both passed the women and children to go into one of the lifeboats. They were ordered to stop or be shot, and of course they didn't shoot like that. I was terrified. <br /> <br /> I give this movie a 2/10. I would have given it a 1/10 (the lowest score possible), but I gave it an extra point just because it was one of the first audio movies, and I tried to put it in context. If you want to see a good early sound movie, look at Alfred Hitchcock's "Blackmail" which also came out in the year 1929. You will find that the best directors were able to adapt to the new technology right away.
