I enjoy a good, slow-moving drama. Christmas In August, Chungking Express, Virgo Stripped Bare By Her Bachelors, The Way Home, Spring In A Small City, Hana Bi, Eat Drink Man Wife, Dolls, In The Mood For Love, And Spring Summer Autumn Winter Spring Are All Nice movies ?? just to name a few. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, there is a collection of movies within the drama genre that tries to drive the fitness of good movies while not interested. This is what I call movies? "Incredible Artistic Nonsense." Tsai Ming-liang is the king of this subgenre, and Vive L'Amour is his "masterpiece." In fact, it is the crème de la crème of cake-contaminated garbage under the guise of "art". People walk around in their apartments, drink water, walk back and forth and wait for payphones to become vacant, stick posters, stack sheets, go to the bathroom, eat, do bumps, sex, bang on mosquitoes, etc. I'm not joking when I say this is an accurate summary of the whole movie, which is the distinctive poster child for a useless art house waste. There is no plot, no storyline, no interesting or notable events, no emotion, no meaningful dialogue, and most importantly ?? no drama. <br /> <br /> The most advanced scene has two people hitting a bed with a man masturbating under the mattress? Ironically, it is also completely tasteless and free. The ratio of the characters on the bed is virtually non-existent. Tsai didn't seem to like to communicate something to the viewer over these people except the obvious fact that they'd like to be scared. The person under the bed is just one-dimensional and uninteresting. He likes water, makeup with melons, and himself. This is Tsai's idea of ​​"character development." A truly deceived "entertainer" indeed. <br /> <br /> Tsai's true contribution to Vive L'Amour may be the most horrific scene in art history. He shows the first actress 285 consecutive seconds from one side of the park to another, and then she shows her crying hysterically ?? for absolutely no reason whatsoever ?? for another 356 consecutive seconds. The movie then suddenly ends. No point. No entertainment. Just pure, concentrated torture applied to the viewer. <br /> <br /> In an attempt to hit a dead horse. The underlying theme of loneliness is so greatly murdered that the only true feeling of this movie is boredom. In fact, Kiyoshi Kurosawa offers a much better explanation of loneliness in his horror movie Cairo. And guess what? It's actually interesting! This movie has become so slow in January as molasses, but there are better ways to address the concept of loneliness than the total waste known as Vive L'Amour. Cairo is a perfect example of this. <br /> <br /> These movie fans can thank Tsai Ming-liang for directing this film, as he provided irrefutable evidence that art-house theater is as poor as B-grade, made-for-television horror flicks. Art-house snobs have now officially lost their footing of self-righteousness. The quality of your precious genre now overlaps with movies like Army of Darkness and ?? gasp! ?? Showgirls. How do you like their apples?
