I saw most of Ryuhei Kitamura's work and I came to the conclusion that he was calling for action. Scenes are kinetic and quickly combine elements of martial arts, rifle battles and samurai battles with camera work that effectively capture the carnage. With "Versus" and "Aragami", Kitamura has proven creativity and shows that he is more than able to work with a low budget. So what happened in "Alive"? To be more blunt will be the answer - nothing. Nothing happened in 'Alive', it was a two-hour movie with little or no action and little or no characters and plot. <br /> <br /> Adapted from a comic book by Tsutomu Takahashi "Alive" is an investigation into the life of one Tenshu Yashiro (played by Hideo Sasaki) convincing a steal who survives. He then gets the choice to repeat the performance or to subject him to a bizarre series of experiments. He chooses the latter, and shortly thereafter, it is placed in a room with a rapist and later with a girl who is infected with a strange parasite which gives supernatural powers to the host's humanity. Naturaly at one stage when parasite moves in Yashiro, the bad thing is that it doesn't happen very soon. <br /> <br /> Similar to "Aragami", "Alive" introduces it the first half to establish the basic outline. Characters are introduced, their motivation is set and their relationships between each other are uncovered. The whole thing even takes place in just one set. The first major problem of the comparison is that while "Aragami" was just a 70 minute movie, "Alive" dragged over two hours and made the first part more than one hour long. The length could have been justified if the characters made a little more interesting, but unfortunately this is not the case. Dialogue is dry, monotonous, rendered without any sense of emotion or depth; characters themselves are not very interesting. There were a few small attempts to make "Alive" a little more moral ambiguity, but in the end it all came down to the classic: evil government people against a super-powered protagonist, who yes guessed it, finally hit the girl on. As I said earlier, the entire film is virtually only on one set and after two hours of boring, worse, the set design itself is not even interesting and does not do much to improve on other aspects. of the movie. <br /> <br /> Now, after the first part is over, one can think that Kitamura will make at least some entertaining action scenes to make the boring start. Unfortunately, this is not the case. The two only battles are actually rehashed with similar fights from Hollywood movies, complete with time-lapse effects and psychic powers. They are just not interesting or fun, Kitamura's "Versus" creativity is gone, the small set even limits its often very impressive camera work and it all comes down to generic and anticipated battles, a shame that really is. <br /> <br /> Apparently, "Aragami" was better on all accounts and "Kitamura" learned something from "Alive". So it wasn't at least a total loss watching this movie. If you just need to understand the mistakes, how to fix them and create a better, more entertaining movie.
