Movie: There are some very interesting comments on IMDb about this movie. It's really awful. Not enough money is spent on the movie and the way Spike Lee made it looks like a combination of an indie movie and an action movie. Characters / Actors: Denzel did "exactly" what he did in every movie, so no surprise there. Here is a small mind game for readers. Quickly think of 10 Denzel movies. Now count how many of them were in which he played a policeman / detective / bodyguard. Clive Owen, hmmmmmm, this guy soon needs a better role on his board. His best performance was in "Beyond Borders". Other than that, he did pretty much the same thing as in every movie. His tone and manner of speaking were very similar to what he did in Sin City. Certainly, this guy knows what he doesn't know is better to choose roles. He is in desperate need of a better agent. Jodie Foster was brilliant in the movie, if you look at her for the first time in your life. She did better. She had better roles. It also happens in Hollywood that even the biggest stars fall on their knees and pick up low class roles as Jody Foster did in this movie. Plot: Plot wasn't confusing, in fact, I could think of such a plot, actually the whole movie, while taking a dump to a great Chinese dinner. I mean come on, **** SPOILER ON THE WAY ----> I'm sick of the unnecessary Haulocast and the Racism token. The film is about bank robbers, why does the Haulocast and the racism sit there, trying to play with people's emotions, has anyone worked? NOT I DO NOT. Police let the bank robberies think they are hostages? Riiiiiiight, please, we're talking here about the US police force and security here. No one could find out where Clive was, I think they got nothing else with the room. Who's joking? Conclusion: Certainly, look at this movie, if nothing, you'll have a nice time talking to you how bad the movie was. At least people won't think you're stupid to watch this movie because they think you're going to watch it, because it has a big star "MISTAKE".
