It's a silly movie. Maybe my judgment will not be so hard if the film didn't promise so much, but I just felt that this movie was deceiving and playing a fool every time. <br /> <br /> I didn't have any beef with the acting, but I thought the characters were terrible. The movie begins with Clive Owen's character telling us what a criminal master brain is and how he planned the perfect bank robbery, something he reminds us later. Oh yes, he also tells us he is in a prison cell, but it seems to be a stupid metaphor. Any idiot knows that the best bank robbery is one where a minimum number of things may go wrong, and you've long gone before the police appear. But Clive Owen's scheme needs hours to hang the bank - for no reason, but to stalk around and as terribly as I can tell. He also has to control hostages, negotiate with police, and most of all, do a This-Old-House working on the bank's storage room and hide there for a week (I hope he brought enough food, and a bucket bucket) and then look out again. Yes, it sounds like the perfect crime for me, Clive! This plan has so many moving parts that the only reason it doesn't fall apart was the author said so. <br /> <br /> And then there are the many inexplicable details: Why was the police so convinced that the crooks have accomplices among the hostages? Who is Jodie Foster's character, and why is she so important that she has the mayor in turn, and she shouldn't tell Denzel Washington's agenda because "it's above his pay scale?" How stupid are these policemen not to find out that one man who speaks in a foreign language for hours is the sound of a criminal gang planning not a robbery? How did the robbers drive away, and why did Clive Owen stay for a week? How did they find out about the bank's past and the number and contents of his safe? Why would Clive Owen sleep in Jodie Foster or the police? Since when did they make AK-47s toys that look really close? How about a pizza box anyway? How did Clive Owen look for a safe area of ​​the bank during working hours, unnoticed? Did these criminal criminals really feel enough for this cop, Denzel, to drop him a diamond? <br /> <br /> None of these questions are ever answered. There are movies that reach depth by letting you wonder about events happening on the screen, but I never felt about Inside Man. It seems as if the screens have explained that these things have been cut from the movie, or that these questions have never had answers, and that is poor. Particularly annoying is Jodie Foster's character, who will not reveal what she does, but never seem to recall how important she is. We're just supposed to accept her word for it, I think. <br /> <br /> The only reason I gave this movie two stars, I laughed at Denzel's taxi cab and pina colada gags. the child's outrageous video game. Other than that, this movie has no redeeming features.
