It seems to me that the Stephen King's "Bachman" pen name was a way to put some of the grim, harder, more moderate things he wanted to write without polluting his "brand name". Looking back at the "Bachman Books" (Running Man, The Long Walk, Roadwork, Thinner), you see that they have an embedded sense of airlessness and hopelessness about those who differ from mainstream King. I realize we are talking about the man whose first novel had a humiliated, blood-covered, emotional, crippled teenage girl who killed everyone in her high school ... but mainstream King always has characters and platinum elements that make the fury of the proceedings a little , and mostly endings that at least provide a glimpse of hope and human feeling. Bachman books are simply mean and always end bad. (VAT, "Pet Semetary" could easily be a Bachman book if King did not already announce the alias. And "The Dark Half" seems to be at least partially about his Bachman persona.) <br /> < Thinner was the last Bachman book, and man, with his themes of class warfare, revenge, and the death of famine, it is nasty. So it shouldn't be surprising that the movie follows suit. <br /> <br /> What a surprise is that the adaptation seems to be filmed on a "TV Movie Of the Week" level of talent rather than something worthy of a theater release. (Nowadays, something like that will probably go straight to DVD or cable). The make-up work and the striking motif (in the midst of enough dying, a metaphor for the crowded, malnourished the middle class if ever there was one) is all that shows you at this blunder. <br /> <br /> What went wrong? My first thought is that the director is going for the foul Bachman vibe, but he has also sucked the interest from the movie with poorly decisive choices. The actors here (with the exception of Joe Monetegna) simply can't carry the movie. . And then he warmed the warmth and life from the rest of the movie with uncomfortable pacing and scene structure. Plus he couldn't leave the plot alone and his changes didn't really help. The writing and dialogue must work, but mostly the film lies right there. Everything is mumbled, boring, airless, and not nice to watch. With the spectacular exception of the spectacle of the main character .... thinner, thinner and thinner. <br /> <br /> As others pointed out, "Thinner" is not the worst King movie ever made (or even the second worst). And it has a terrible, compelling fascination due to the theme and the careful makeup work. But for the first time viewers should approach this one with lower expectations.
