No, I didn't read the Stephen King novel, "Thinner," but I cooled down the movie version. Horror movies are an acquired taste. Regular movies give an audience a hero to complain about trying to reach a goal. In horror movies audiences are invited to leave characters. In director Tom Holland's low-fat, but tasteless "retriever" thinner, nobody wins and everyone earns the bite placed on them. Gluttonous New England Attorney Billy Halleck (Robert John Burke of "Robocop 3") has a weight problem. Although he stole the bathroom cubes at 300 pounds, he looks happy with a trim, entertaining woman, Heidi (Lucinda Jenney of "GI Jane") with a frosty teenage daughter. <br /> <br /> Fat doesn't mean stupid here. Halleck courted his sagacity when he pronounced a verdict on the dragging Mafia chief Richie Ginelli (Joe Mantegna of "House of Games"). Drive home from a victory party, hit Billy with an old gypsy woman crossing the street and killing her. A cover occurs, and Halleck's friends get him out of the soup. The unfortunate gypsy father, Taduz Lemke (Michael Constantine of "Skidoo") goes back with a curse on the unfair lawyer and the two village officials who profaned him. Suddenly Halleck finds himself pounding, no matter how much he chows. When he begs the revenge-sensitive Gypsy to lift the curse, the old man refuses. Desperately overwhelmed Halleck Richie. While Halleck was struggling with the gypsies to remove the witch, he learned that his loyal wife had turned his attention to the town's main clinic. <br /> <br /> "Thinner" qualifies as not just indifferent, but the filmmakers also rely on stereotypes of men and women. Tom Holland, titled "Child's Play" (1988), and the spectacle Michael McDowell, served such a slideshow that you can't enjoy watching Billy get his neat dessert. "Thinning" boasts little shocks and fewer surprises. The filmmakers may have flipped King's novel back, but they have filtered any sense of horror and humor. Holland and McDowell introduce characters, like the Mafioso, and then leave them unexplained from the hook. One small character appeared long enough to die and filled a chicken head in his mouth. <br /> <br /> The stereotypical behavior of the characters can also offend audiences. "Thinner" depicts women as exxexed vixens and men as pigs. When Halleck arrives at a clinic, he finds his doctor's sports car parked at his home. His suspicions ripen in jealousy and he makes a scheme to convey the curse to this woman. Even the premature end has no satirical flavor. Oscar-winning special effects wizard Greg Cannom of "Van Helsing" and make-up artist Bob Laden do a fantastic job of getting actor Robert John Burke to look obese. They also succeed in shrinking. <br /> <br /> Only star-hard Stephen King fans will be able to stomach this misogynist goolynos.
