Do not really know where to start with one of the worst movies I have had for a very long time. The environment that was clear and very clear to anyone visiting London even for one day ... would not be London. In the very inexplicable way, Snipe's character managed to escape the country without any problem again. Then he convinced the girl and grandmother to visit him in America, how did the grandmother agree on earth ... he is an assassin! Well, that's the end, how about the movie, unfortunately it didn't do much better. We have British policemen driving an incredible range of cars. I'm sure it was an eighty-year-old Vauxhall Belmont that chased the taxi to the award, but a modern Subaru Imprezza preceded the prison in a few scenes. SO19 or who is the weapon of the weapon of the Met that they are trying to portray, happily walking with the guns around the streets and pursuing behind Snipe's along with the CIA. There were children around, but the police still said they had a clear shot to shoot him. Is this in London? No it doesn't mean I live there. We also got the amazing journey from the central airport to the airport within 5 minutes of receiving a call. We also have terrible American accents, a young girl posher than the Queen, but living in Elephant & Castle. What does it say to British police when helicopters and a number of Snipe officials cannot find Snipe's and he manages to catch up by hiding behind some stairs? The train station was apparently not even on the British ground and the playing sounds were terrible. The plot was also extremely poor, boring and was written and filmed a lot better a thousand times. But there were some notable actors who were thrown into this movie, what were they thinking and don't let it swing you to watch this movie! This movie doesn't seem to be like it. If you are going to concentrate on the dramatic aspects of the aftermath of a mission, you need a strong, rigid plot with plausible scenery and surroundings. This is something the viewer has time to take in and appreciate and if you do it wrong, you see it. If you want an all-out action movie (which it is not) then continuity and scenery can be set aside.
