And finally, old, old Michael Corleone falls over and goes 'THUMP!' Who really did the writing for this last installment of the Godfather saga? Probably the same staff that "Like the world turns." This movie does not deserve the title "Godfather". Let's call this one 'The Cosas of Our Nostras' or 'All My Capos'. As someone who has experienced a number of Mafia people in my business life, I can say without exception that I have never met a gangster as inside conflict and contemplative like Michael Corleone. Let's see, these guys are in the Mafia simply because they are greedy, nothing more. In this movie, Don Corleone spends a lot of time on his proceedings and his dark future, perhaps even the Afterlife, recovering remarkably quickly to pull out a fantastic business deal or the death of one or the one like the big time operator he is. deep down. Then there is his failed marriage. After the demise in G2, we can hope Michael & Kay will reunite as husband and wife, but here they seem to be just very good platonic friends who can laugh and cry and share intimate thoughts about their lives. It's as if the screenwriters are trying to make Michael in a woman. This is bizarre behavior for two people who shared the passion of the marriage bed for 9 years. There are some flaws here and there, or maybe it's sins of authorship. Poor, country-like Sophia Coppola is sown with a hopeless role, with too many short lines in the film that don't fit as a young woman would say in accidental conversations - rather than "lines" given as lines 'emote. Her passionate love script with Andy Garcia looks like something of a bad teen sex comedy, chewing their open-mouthed kisses and licking each other on the kitchen bar like puppets. Michael Douglas, but it's just fine here. Then there is Andy's character, Vinnie Mancini, who also played a difficult and ungrateful role. He is expected to be the new, new Don Corleone, but he has almost handed the job on a silver platter and should do little to strengthen his position, unlike Michael's simultaneous hits on all 5 families in G1. This hand-down process can be an authentic way to transfer power to a Mafia family, but why is so much of this boring routine made? Certainly, Don Vincent may deserve the respect of his fellow gangsters one day, but there is little character revelation in writing to give us a portrait of this young man, unfortunately. Puzo did such a good job quickly developing Michael's character in G1. However, G3 has no economy in its storytelling and we are suffering from exhibited exhibitions until we just want to snooze. Thirdly, George Hamilton was also given an ungrateful task. He allegedly got a 3rd installment as Tom Hagen as family lawyer. George underestimated his role wisely, and it happened without any harm to the actor. The development of Connie Corleone's character is interesting, but it goes too far when his murderous things take hold in her own hands (she may sleep with Fredos if it is the real world). But it's not bad. The murder scene in the hotel penthouse is nifty! Also, "they keep me back in" or words in the sentence are a good line. And we are restoring an old country's feeling when we go back to Sicily, even though it all was done in 1989 and they have modern cars and hairstyles. The plot lines that are the corrupt hierarchy of the Catholic Church are pretty interesting, as it is based on a number of real financial issues in Banco Vaticani in the 1980s, but it gets too far, with the spectacular deaths, etc. Opera scenes are very dramatic and well-photographed. But the after-death image of Mary is at best an unbalanced attempt at emotional manipulation. All writers must learn that we don't always need more and more death to make a mafia movie a successful conclusion. You feel sorry for Kay that her daughter is dead, she plays so sadly, but Michael's response is hammy, hammy, hammy. Then Michael dies somewhere in the 21st century, in Sicily, alone on a large estate, of heart failure ... no grandson to play before his death, no woman to grieve for him. What had happened in the last 1/2 of this movie, Michael was traced, tested, by anyone like Rudy Guilliani, all his dirty family's messy little businesses and bloodthirsty secretions brought in in the light of the day Michael then found guilty under RICO statutes and sent to the Federal Prison for life ... then he can die of death from heart failure while getting a floor in LEAVENWORTH. This is how mafia has ended their careers in the late 80's and early 90's and they have received much better treatment than they deserve.
