Near the start of "The Godfather: Part III" Michael Corleone's son wants to go out of law school and become a musician. Michael Corleone doesn't want it. But his estranged ex-wife, Kay, manages to persuade him to pursue Anthony Corleone as he wishes. So he did it. <br /> <br /> It looks like it's a strange way to start a review as it's a small plot point and nothing to do with the main action. Just stay with me here; you'll finally see where I'm going. Now let me tell you about the big plot. It's about Michael Corleone who wants to stop the crime for good (he has largely abandoned all the criminal elements in his family business). But then Vincent Mancini, an illegal cousin, is involved in a feud. Of course, Michael has to endure a brush with crime and gun violence and all the good gangster stuff. Meanwhile, Vincent has a semi-turbulent relationship with Michael's daughter Mary. Oh, and Michael and Kay are trying to solve all the ominous things that occurred at the end of Part II. <br /> <br /> It's like a soap opera. An awful, horrible, 169-minute soap opera. Gone is any kind of sophistication, romance and emotional relevance that hit the first two movies so hard. Francis Ford Coppola, after a 16-year break in the franchise, received a mess of soup and pretense, quite uncomfortable with the first two films, and again proved his last major work "Apocalypse Now" back in the 1970s. <br /> <br /> What's worse, "The Godfather: Part III" is not even a logical succession of "The Godfather: Part II." Michael is a completely different person. He didn't just go to seed (which might be legitimate, even if it wasn't nice to look). He has become a goody-goody who is trying to correct all the tragedies that Part II made such a devastating masterpiece. His confession to the priest was bad enough, but the little diabetes in the drug set it up. He also gets back with Kay! For heaven, there is absolutely no way to happen, as the 2nd film made it very clear! She broke down his baby, and his civil education had let him down. Didn't Francis Ford Coppola even think about these things? <br /> <br /> Don't even start with Mary and Vincent's affair! For such a forbidden romance, it was shockingly unrelenting. Sofia Coppola's play helped nothing. She made the smartest move of her life when she turned back from the front of the camera, as she might have been the worst actress I've ever seen in a Best Picture nominee. Every line she delivered was painfully memorized, and every time the drama rests on her acting ability, all she provoked was inappropriate giggling. In the climactic scene - I won't go into detail, but you'll know what scene I'm talking about when / if you see it - she looks at Michael and says, "..... Daddy?" I think I was meant to cry, but the line was so poor that I poured out into a long, hard laugh! <br /> <br /> Now we come to the climax, and now you will also realize why I took time to start the review with a description of Anthony Corleone's musical ambitions. After 140 minutes of small drama and irrelevant events, Anthony Corleone returns ... with an opera! So Michael, Kay, Mary and Vincent will see it, and for about 10-15 minutes a few killers will kill Michael. One thing to say about these climbs is that it was really good! But not because of the killers - they were pretty boring. I just loved the opera very much. It had some good music and really big pieces. And from what little it showed us, the story seemed to have echoes of the origin of the Corleone family. I'll bet it was one opera and I'll make sure Michael Corleone was happy that he had transferred his son from law school to music. <br /> <br /> My biggest wish is that Francis Ford Coppola just filmed Anthony Corleone's opera for 169 minutes and hit the rest of the morning melodrama. Better still, I wish he didn't make "The Godfather: Part III". Part II gave us the perfect end. This spider was self-sufficient and unnecessary. <br /> <br /> P.S. It's not a reaction to the movie. I watched all three Godfather movies over a month ago (although I was the first one). Not only does this mean that my expectations for Part III are not screwed (in fact, I put the beam slightly down for that after hearing it), but it also meant that I had a good time thinking about all three films. While I was initially disappointed with Part II, the more I thought about it, the better it looked. But with Part III it was bad to start with, and then worse, the more I thought about it. The sad thing is that many people will stop with Part I, but if they also see Part II, they will most likely go to Part III. If you have the will, see Parts I & II and pretend that Part III never existed.
