The Godfather Sharing I was a beautiful glimpse into the fictional Corleone family and how an innocent young man was all but forced into circumstances he never had a part in. The Godfather Part II shows that the young man's acceptance of his new role, his desensitization of character, as well as his complete loss of all innocence, dives deeper and deeper into a life of crime. The first two parts of this saga of this transformation of Michael Corleone make one of the greatest tragedies in film history. <br /> <br /> Then came The Godfather Part III. Michael Corleone is now the aging Don of the Corleone family. He repented for his past actions, not through subtle behavior, but by using his powers well and recognizing all his iniquities and deploring others. Many clicks and uncharacteristic of the complex character that Michael Corleone is. Michael's plans to use his powers for good are derailed by an ambitious young disciple and his enemies. Michael's daughter is ultimately a casualty of the continuous plowing wars and her death is predictable until Michael realizes that his entire life as Don is worthless because in one thing he failed to reason himself in the position he was in. down. protecting his family. <br /> <br /> The Godfather Part II ends with Michael Corleone, who reaches the lowest of the low: killed with his own brother. Before Part III was made, the Godfather saga was an emotional sounding story of an innocent young man's journey in the dark with the incredible tragic end of Michael forgetting his roots and the one thing that always applied him the most and those around him: loyalty. Part III paints the picture of Michael as a man who is always a victim of circumstances. It disturbs the meaning of the first two movies. <br /> <br /> The Godfather Part III is a terrible mess of a movie that never had to be made. The only solution to the problem that is this final installment of The Godfather movies is to suggest that it doesn't exist and that the saga actually ends with Michael's frightening horrible act of becoming a member of his own family. killed.
