Murder and insurance fraud takes an adulterous couple at the end of the line. <br /> <br /> TV was visually vulgar back in the early 1970s and this truncated, made-for-TV knock-off hurt me. eyes. It cannot possibly be compared to the 1944 Billy Wilder Film Noir classic, since anyone in their own mind should know -sight unseen- but that does not mean that this update should also be viewed as a separate entity. Although based on the original Paramount script, more than half an hour has been cut out and the directors' blatant indifference is immediately forgotten. With the exception of the younger generation, it was not in 1973 to watch old black and white movies on television (still true today). This lousy, compelling story was new to the overwhelming majority of viewers. then, as now, ratings line up and cash in was his only real raison d'etre. For similar reasons, Gus Van Zandt made Alfred Hitchcock's PSYCHO again, and if this reduction was looking for the original films or novels, so much the better. I had the James M. Cain source novel enough to agree again and this time I have enjoyed the capsule curio the second time for the long hair, dumbbell tops, turbans, ugly decor and luxury auburn locks of "guest star" Samantha Eggar , who didn't try too hard. In addition to acknowledging some of the coincidental outpouring of a childhood spent before the boob, Lee J. Cobb was interested in being a worldly, tired Keyes but Richard Crenna's pleasant and unintentional Walter Neff. remind me of Bill Bixby on a bad day. Improvement on the original was never in a hurry meant to make a buck, but a new adaptation of the novel would have been a new idea rather than a relentless feedback. Cain's book differs somewhat from his celluloid incarnations and the horrible shark fins in the moonlight that ends are killer. The full time in me is grateful that this accelerated "Me Decade" update has been included as part of the DOUBLE DISCLAIMER DVD extras, but the experience has not only had me a long time to see the original, it has me nostalgic for any episode of the better-made COLUMBO TV series. I also echoed after a very good 1973 ABC TV movie of the week I haven't seen since its initial broadcast. John D. Macdonald's LINDA introduced the beautiful Stella Stevens as a ruthless femme fatale to her lover's (sexy John Saxon) wife and then rattles her moderate man for the crime and if I remember correctly, there is also an open end . Like DOUBLE OBLIGATION, it is unduly restored with TV movie queen Virginia Madsen as the titular vixen and Richard Thomas as the milquetoast man.
