This 1973 reminder of the classic 1944 Billy Wilder movie, "Double Disclaimer," is a handbook example of how to destroy a great script. This grade B TV feed also illustrates the folly of remake in general. As Hollywood grew, the black and white films were dyed and searched on wideband movies that were shown in pan-and-scan versions. The industry ignored the brackets that demand a classic film and reduce it. with an unashamed remake. <br /> <br /> The first step in producing a bowdlerized version of a classic is to modify the script. The work of Billy-Wilder-Raymond-Chandler was cut by half an hour to fit the final movie into a specified time slot. Then the production works with mere, color photography, clever, exciting sets and TV-known actors. So, the brand new "Double Damage" eliminates the atmospheric black and white film noir cinematography that enhances the mood and characterization of the original. Gone are the dusty, shady, claustrophobic sets that have explained the main characters' desires to escape their situations at whatever cost. Gone is the close link between Keyes and Neff and the erotic attraction between Neff and Phyllis. <br /> <br /> The appearance of Jack Smight's action on Double Discipline is more "Dynasty" than film noir. Phyllis Dietrickson has a designer home to die for, and Neff's comfortable road will be hard to pay on an insurance vendor's salary, not to mention the sporty Mercedes cabrio he's driving. No character has any apparent motive to murder for a bad $ 200,000. If it's not money, maybe murdered for love or lust? Not in this version. Richard Crenna shows little interest in Samantha Eggar, and their kissing is about as nice as that between a brother and a sister. Crenna fails to capture Neff's cynicism, and his attempts at double-minded and sexual suggestion are falling flat. Egg is a little better and has no sensuality and depth to suggest the inner workings of a so-called cunning and manipulative thought. Only Lee J. Cobb manages a deserving performance as Keyes. Director Jack Smight and his three principals did a lot better work. <br /> <br /> There was no conceivable reason to produce these miserable remakes, except to fill in a broadcast schedule. There was no conceivable reason to reboot this DVD to DVD and pack it with the original movie, except to fill in a dual CD package. The only lesson that can be learned from this deception is that even a great writing and a great dialogue can be destroyed with poor casting, dull direction and TV-grade production values. The "Double Indemnity" of 1973 is titled "10% Disclaimer," because it only highlights the 100% perfection of the original movie.
