When Samantha Eggar (like Phyllis Dietrickson) swings the door of her house into a towel, you realize that if an actress like Eggar is capable, she doesn't have the hypnotic trait of Barbara Stanwyck. And it's not quite Egg's fault. In the original movie, Wilder Stanwyck not only appeared in a towel, but she entered the scene on the second floor balcony of the house. And she didn't come out; She appears, almost as if by magic. Walter Neff stares down from her on the first floor. There is a reason for this. Stanwyck is much higher than Neff (Fred MacMurray) when they first launch. It's not just the towel. The towel adds to the seductive allure. Her attitude is like a Greek Goddess who looks forward to her domain, and in a strange way you feel like she's controlling the whole situation from the beginning. She has sexual, even magical, power. This person is no ordinary housewife. This person is a mystery with secrets hidden inside. <br /> <br /> Back to 1973. The remake knocked Crenna on the front door. Stanwyck's stand-in, Eggar, answered the door with a towel around her. There is no "appearance". She simply opened the door. The attractive superiority that the audience grabbed in the first appearance of Stanwyck in 1944 was completely absent in 1973. She opened the door with a towel around her. It can be sexy in a Charlie's Angels kind of way, but it's not nearly as mysterious. The remake movie makers seem to misunderstand Wilder's point. The writing might have said: "Phyllis appears in the towel" so the remake filmmakers simply follow the instructions and include the necessary towel. The point is not the towel. The point is the mysterious quality of Phyllis, and the potential power she carries. Wilder gave her a towel to add to her mysticism. The filmmakers of the remake gave her a towel, because that's what Wilder did. And in choosing the shot, Phyllis loses my mistress. <br /> <br /> Richard Crenna also looks disgusted. He seems to be "acting" and not really in the dilemma. Part of the problem is Crenna appears as much as a 70-year-old actor. He couldn't enter the 1940s. When MacMurray first speaks into the microphone, the sweat begins to drop from his face. No sweat on Crenna. And they also changed one of the most important lines in the beginning. In the original, Neff says, "I didn't get the money, and I didn't get the woman." In the 1973 version, Crenna says, "I didn't get the money, and I didn't want the woman." Did the filmmakers completely misunderstand the story? Or have they plunged it into a "television"? <br /> <br /> This made-to-TV movie is a by-the-number version. All the sharp edge of the original is lost. The only outing, perhaps, is Lee J. Cobb in the role announced by Edward G. Robinson. But he can't save the loss of intensity from the original. This 1973 boring remake is a forgotten TV movie that was probably made by the same people who did "Gilligan's Island". They might also try to repair "Citizen Kane" or "Gone with the Wind". If mediocrity is the best one can hope for, what's the point? The 1944 classic is a movie with a capital "F". This made-for-TV remake deserves a "F" grade, or maybe a D for stupid.
