Oh, if only I could give this garbage less than one star! There were two generously amusing parts in the whole movie and that's it! one was where a line or two of the song was not worried, was happily sung by the snails and the other was where Roddy fell from the toilet roll and landed with his feet and legs apart so that everything else he landed on the land He pitched him in the groin. It is nothing more amusing than that, at least not for me! Doctornappy2 is not right to say 'Fans of the absolutely horrible' Shrek 'may enjoy, but' Wallace & Gromit 'fans will probably be horrified.' Like I love Shrek 1 2 and 3 and I also love Wallace and Gromit. You see what it amounts to is that if an animation is done very well, it's definitely worth watching. However, this was done so far from good as you could possibly get! The continuity errors were too large in number. Some were noticed by the makers of this site, others were not. I will not show all the others, but here are a few more to see: When the young girl goes to the beginning of the movie, the catch to the cage door comes off and the hook part of it on the right is clearly behind. the round button so effective to make sure Roddy can't get out and yet he just does just kick it. At one stage, the robin drops Roddy's back and is pushed straight into the air by Rita as the ship moves forward. In the next scene, Roddy caught it again. This is impossible. As the ship was moving forward, the only place where the ruby ​​was wiped from the back of Roddy's shirt, the only place it could have landed was not in Roddy's hand in the water. There was a third I wanted to point out, but now I forgot. <br /> <br /> Too much, because a better word, a joke is somehow repeated. There was not enough time to establish any connection with any of the characters, the characters were hollow, level and empty, and the whole movie required you ... want to watch 85 minutes of anything else! Paint drying or grass growing are two excellent options!
