A very young Ginger Rogers trades quickly quips and one liners with rival newspaper reporter Lyle Talbot in this 1933 murder mystery of poverty driving movie maker Allied Productions. The movie opens with a rich businessman taking a copy of the roof garden from a high rise apartment home, or was it from a lover's apartment? Rogers actually has two identities at the start of the movie, that of me. Terry, the dead victim's secretary, along with Pat Morgan's newspaper annex. She did not call her story directly to Ted Rand (Talbot), instead of her newspaper's rewriting agency. She was fired for her efforts when her boss learned he was exhausted. <br /> <br /> Here's a puzzle - it is unveiled during Police Inspector. Russell's (Purnell Pratt) investigation of Harker's death that Terry / Morgan was employed as secretary for three weeks. Why was it exactly? After that, would it make sense that she was there for a newspaper story, but before? Clues are dropped with regard to Harker's association with a well-known mobster who conveniently resides in the same apartment building, but again that association is not relevant until it is all linked to Petiteur Peterson (Harvey Clark). And who makes all the calling cards with the snake that works out an HSSS, with the words "You will hear it" cut and paste underneath? Apparently, the snake sound of a snake was the sound made by the apartment's radiator system, which Peterson used to transmit a poisonous gas into the chambers of potential victims, such as Mrs. Coby in the apartment under Harker. But in response to a question for Inspector Russell about Mrs. Coby's death, he "apparently" responded to the cause of strangulation. <br /> <br /> These disappointing plot points made the movie slightly unsatisfactory for me. The revelation of Petite Peterson as the bad man of this piece comes under somewhat horrible circumstances as we see him being the unconscious body of Miss. Morgan shower in the building's incinerator! But, and see another point against continuity, we see me. Morgan in a large basement room as Peterson ignited the furnace; she broke away, but how? And still beautiful as a picture. And who gets to shield the collar as none other than Milquetoast police assistant Wilfred (Arthur Hoyt), who fell in an opening direction over his own feet in a room. <br /> <br /> Sorry, but for all reviewers who found "A Shriek in the Night" to be a satisfactory unit, I feel that any Charlie Chan movie of the same era is a real "The Usual Suspects "is. If you need a reason to watch the movie, it would be Ginger Rogers, but be advised she didn't dance.
