I saw a front door tonight. What can I say? This meant that it was a mediocre trailer, though it didn't mean anything at all. It did absolutely nothing that any movie did before that and it played in such a cliché fashion that I finally got to the point where I stopped just laughing because I laughed with the audience and instead humorous movie played out. <br /> <br /> So, let's see ... we've got the less-than-spectacular main character trying to get back with his ex-girlfriend, but he's not good enough for her. We have the three friends who all have their own "personality" with the one who is the best friend who tries to get the best girl's best friend, but is constantly rejected. Another friend is the super awkward man who can't live. positive in everything 24/7 and is thrown in for one-liners (which in this case is just a lot of movie references, specifically from Disney) and the third man whose name you will never remember but is there to complete square and throw comfort messages to listen to listen ... check. We've got the girl's ex-boyfriend and her parents **** - close the relationship in any way possible when things look up, not to mention the awkward family members of the main character ... check. We watched the downer period an hour in the movie where everyone is depressed. We've got the movie's "funny" moments of unceasing curse, people are falling or being hit, scenes of the trailer, and gay innuendos ... watching. And dare I call it a destroyer, but we have an end that exactly depicts as if you thought it would unfold before you even see the movie ... watch. <br /> <br /> Honestly, it can ... no. , wait ... had to have been a PG-13 movie. All it took was a F-bomb. Honestly it would have gained much more publicity from the crowd who enjoyed this kind of humor, would have had less exposure to the media and therefore would not be shredded from people like me, trying to keep it up to the recent R-rated comedies like Superbad and Knocked Up. The humor in this movie is just as uncomfortable that it doesn't fit with what people are looking for. I bet that even the actors often upset the dialogue and action they had to take on camera. Let's put it this way ... in the theater it will help you laugh because it's on the big screen and other laughs. If this movie shows Showtime and you check it out at 14:00 on a coaching, you may tend to change the channel. Alice Eva's warmth (which is not quite 10, but still very beautiful). <br /> <br /> Apart from the main resolution, this movie has kicked many subplots to the edge of the curb and seems to forget to write more story that they tried to develop in the beginning of the movie, where everything is much more flying out of the window. So there is a main resolution, but what comes out of it? It's never really clear, nor does it end with the abruptness "feel-good". <br /> <br /> There was just one thing nothing in this movie, and that was the good soundtrack. Apart from the nice selection of 90's alternative rock songs, there was a nice exciting score that would play in some parts of the movie (more so the beginning of it) reminding me of something David Holmes would mix / put together. I will give them props for a good choice of sound. <br /> <br /> One of the last, this movie was probably filmed last summer, because the unintentional but proud Pepsi sponsorship showed the yellow bottles they had during that Rock Band promotion. I just picked up a bunch of Rock Band, gamers would catch that one if you saw it. But I say stick to your money. If it was PG-13 and you were 15 years old with a group of friends on a Friday night, I would tell you. Otherwise, definitely succeed. It's not trying to compete with the R-rated movies of the past few years, and ideally it's not that good.
