What the hell is that? "Kooky drama"? "Lawyers in Loony Tunes Land"? The world's thinnest, most duck-faced actress (even more enthusiastic and anorexic than Michelle Pfeiffer) persuades her bony skirt, which makes Cretan grimaces that Bugs Bunny will ever be ashamed of one of the most animated, non-animated TV series. It's also the most annoying one-hour format TV show ever, the worst. <br /> <br /> All the men act like pansies, and I refuse to believe that even the hills of the metropolitan areas are all. as delta-male-like this sorry (short) cluster. Wuss Peter MacNicol manages even more annoyingly than Calista Flockof ducks with his fake Hollywood shshshs speech limit: this is the kind of pseudo-inability to pronounce the letter "S" by changing it into a moronic "SH" like Jon Shtewart and Christian Shlater is also practicing with zeal. When I look at MacNicol, I always wonder how his jaw does not disrupt. Human face anatomy was never meant to support the "SH" sound pronunciation more than three times per second. He is a medical miracle. <br /> <br /> This poorly designed and written legal drama / comedy hodgepodge also features some 90's. It wrote POLITICAL CORRECTNESS with large, neon letters. Is there anything more unrealistic than a lot of LAWYERS full of ideal, high principles and moral fiber? Laughable, but that's the way defense attorneys have been portrayed since its inception in Hollywood. After all, what is more noble than defending a killer, rapist or a thief? When a TV series such as 'Ally McBeak' is delayed, begin to preach America on how to manage the country, it must be time for Paris Hilton to become president. "Ally McQuack" is both a product of recent and large-scale Western dumbing down and a perpetrator of it. <br /> <br /> That supposed "eccentricity", such as the UNBELIEVABLY annoying musical numbers, is unconvincing and embarrassing. It's not a Monty Python. What was "new" to the talent-makers of this garbage was aimed at, they failed with honors. "Ally McBeak" is a highly commercialized TV business aimed at discouraging individual yuppies, bored housewives and bipolar lawyers. It is another faint "objection dominated, which endures your honor, may I call the witness" legal conclusion, that American audiences apparently eat for a strange reason to eat.
