No, I'm not going to get it here. I refuse to go with the program. Don't you suppose this movie might just be a little overestimated? Look at the reader's comments and their star ratings: Most are 6/10, 7/10 or better. I think it's a case when the ratings can tell more about the people they deliver than the movie itself, which is unique. How many other sex fantasies about simulated bestiality completed with horse links have become mainstream hits than catalog DVD titles? I watched this movie with an exciting sense of anticipation, expecting fireworks and instead pushing a Gucci shopping bag. It looked good, but once the excitement was released, even the spinning end didn't do much to save it. <br /> <br /> The background story of the movie says it all: Director films of 25 minutes borderline hardcore fake bestial sex for another movie are told that the footage will not be appropriate, set aside, two or three years are waiting for a wave of critical award to build up and then set up a whole 25 minute feature. , ominously boring footage and insert the 25 minute piece as a dream sequence. The 25 minutes of the movie in question is remarkably strange, original and shocking in a deliberate, calculated way. But we're not here to evaluate that 25 minutes alone, we need to consider the whole movie and we ask why people are so enthusiastic about the movie? Or are they just surprised by the background story and history of people who love to be offended by it? <br /> <br /> Perhaps this is an anti-spiritual agenda that addresses them. Hating the Western religions of Catholicism and Christianity is one of the few remaining socially acceptable bastions of intolerance. Just today, it has been announced that the BBC regularly skewed their broadcasts with ancient Christian and anti-Western sentiments in promoting political correctness. You can say anything you want about the Bible, pedophelic priests, the institutionalized cruelty of the church and how many white men and their inhumane religions suck the swollen skin of a golf ball ... But say one negative thing about non-westernized religions, and you are toast. This film is adapted to such a sentiment, with a wrinkly old dried-up priest who has a completely unholy screen relationship with two pretty 14-year-old French boys, with inappropriate touching, fawning, fascinating, fumbling, groping and rearing. EWWW. <br /> <br /> And then there are the horse links that are photographed in such fetishist closeup that portions of the film can be used as visual aids for a biology class on animal husbandry. Yes I understand the thematic relevance of the images - large animal lobes with a multitude of reproductive fluids just waiting to be released like fire extinguishers - but if I want to see horses, you know, I want to live. a farm. Having their genitals in my face is about as entertaining as watching someone using a bathroom. <br /> <br /> Is this movie just a kind of art derivation for social deviants? Probably, although I will get the most out of the art performance, it is filmed in some kind of artificial Euro detail that even has a submerged forest dam directly from a Monet painting complete with an exciting arch bridge. And the end (which I even surprised) packed it all in a neat and uncomfortable package. But remember that there are some things that cannot be discovered for their design elements, and many artists are guilty of exploiting them to produce some kind of gravitas that could not be achieved without it. It's not fair, and even Clint Eastwood fell prey to his new movie about Iwo Jima. Whether his film is any good or not, stands as a separate consideration of whether the fight was a noble affair or fighting of men who were heroes. The problem is that most people cannot distinguish the two aspects of the movie, and it will be to give Oscars because it is a noble message - not because it is a particularly good or original movie. <br /> <br /> While it may seem like a strange parallel, I see one with BEAST: How can one not see the basic beauty of nature in the eyes of two horse mating? And who can't see the logical highlight of the repressed sexuality of fairy tales in the movie's explosive set where Beauty and the Beast do the nasty thing? Somehow I could miss both points, and I'm delighted to have seen this movie so I can destroy it as it really is: 25 minutes or so of eye-opening over the top adult fairy tales surrounded by 70 minutes skull draining boring artsy-fartsy Euro Trash drinking over a guy who gets a haircut and a good ending. It is art for sure, but it is difficult to do. <br /> <br /> 3/10
