Office work, especially in this era of computers, multifunctional photocopiers, e-mail, voicemail, snail mail and "temps," is territory ripe with satirical possibilities, a vein previously used in such films as "Clock Watchers" and "Office Space," and very successful. This latest addition to the temp / humor pool, 'Haiku Tunnel', led by Josh Kornbluth and Jacob Kornbluth, fails to live with predecessors, leaving the laughter somewhere outside the door waiting for a chance to enter. sneak. Unfortunately, the opportunity never comes to the audience; So what you get is a good try, but as the man once said, no cigar. <br /> <br /> As the narrator / star of the movie, Josh Kornbluth (Josh Kornbluth plays), shows in the opening frames (in a monologue delivered directly into the camera), this story is pure fiction, and takes place in the fictional city of San Franc'l'isco. "It's an innovative, if not very imaginative, indemnity, and not so funny. However, it is a hooker of what should follow, which - like indemnity - is just not so funny. <br /> <br /> Kornbluth plays Kornbluth, an aspiring novelist who supports him as "temp" This is a work that suits him and it gives him time to periodically work in his work on his novel to slip. But when he goes to a lawyer, Bob Shelby (Warren Keith), he does a job the first day, and Shelby sends Secretary General Marlina D'Amore (Helen Shumaker) to Kornbluth to let him go. "The idea of ​​working full-time for the same company, however, initially strikes fear in the heart of Kornbluth, but he inserts and signs for the position. He is nervous about it, but at least now the other secretaries acknowledge his presence (which of course they never do with a temp) and if things get too rough, he has to fall back seventeen key letters he has typed - it's just being sent out - he keeps them back because the mailing list is the easy part and he needs that "easy to do" in the reserve, if it is too much for him. But these are "important" letters and by the end of the week Kornbluth is still in the reserve on his desk. And it doesn't take a genius to find out that when Shelby finds out about it, Kornbluth's days will be over as the righteous boy, and quickly. <br /> <br /> The Brothers Kornbluth, who didn't just target , but with John Bellucci also wrote the script for this movie, had to take a page from the Ben Stiller Book of Comedy, where it says, "If you're playing straight, they'll laugh. "But they don't, and the audience won't. Because in the comedy, it looks as objective as possible, when the main character (as well as most of the supporting characters, in this case) "play" funny - as in, he knows "he's funny - he's never. And that's exactly what Kornbluth does here; so rather than being "funny," he is so sincere and pretentious, a serious mistake in the judgment of the Kornbluths, because they have sabotaged their own movie. <br /> <br /> Knowing exactly why this movie doesn't work, it comes down to two basic reasons: Direction, which - if not necessarily "bad" - is at least indifferent; And secondly, the performances begin with Josh Kornbluth's. Kornbluth simply looks impressed with himself to be effective here. Unlike Stiller, or even Steve Martin - both use self-suppressing humor very effectively - Kornbluth apparently has an ego that simply doesn't allow him to put himself in the light; He has a need to let his audience know that he, the true Kornbluth, is in fact much smarter than Kornbluth, the character. And to not be able to do it, he can, as well as the film. Instead of the millions of office workers watching this movie, someone they can relate to or identify with, Kornbluth influences a derogatory way that only serves to alienate the many people he is trying to achieve. So what it all comes down to is a case of poor direct and unconvincing acting. And if you consider that the script itself was weak to start with, with an inexplicably narrow focus (given the potential of the rich subject), it's easy to understand why this one just doesn't fly. <br /> <br /> The one saving grace of the movie is the performance by Warren Keith as Shelby, whose subtle delivery is convincing and what - in and of himself - is pretty humorous. However, its effectiveness is diminished, as Keith has to share his scenes with Kornbluth, which somewhat offsets his positive contribution to the project. <br /> <br /> Shumaker and Sarah Overman (Julie Faustino) also succeed in keeping their heads above water with their respective performances, which are laudable, if not totally memorable; They make their scenes stand out, and Overman even manages Kornbluth's performance, even if only briefly. <br /> <br /> The supporting film includes Amy Resnick (Mindy), Brian Thorstenson (Clifford), June Lomena (DaVonne), Joe Bellan (Jimmy the Mail Clerk), with a cameo look by an upset Harry Shearer, as the Orientation Leader - a role that asks for an answer to the question, "What did he think when he agreed?" In any work environment, there will always be situations arising from the fact that somehow, inevitably, dessert will be for someone's comic canon, and the films depicting those situations will always be with us; the good (see paragraph one) can even become classic in its own right. "Haiku Tunnel", however, will undoubtedly remain among them for a long time, because the destination is elsewhere - only in a realm known as "Obscurity". I rate this one 1/10. <br /> <br /> <br />
