Unfortunately, the pressure of the film we burnt in Universal Studios last week, so we kept video. It could even be a metaphor for this two-day King Kong movie of Toho studios' solid director, Ishiro Honda. In essence, it is a warming up for "King Kong vs. Godzilla". It even uses the idea of ​​a Mecha-Kong, such as Mecha-Godzilla. Of course, with King Kong, the movie climbs against Mecha-Kong at the top of the Tokyo expo tower, but if you didn't know it, you might be in the age group this movie is meant for. <br /> <br /> The movie is led by a man named Rhodes Reason we have never heard of ..................... ............................ so they can have a nominal American hero. The real hero of the movie is the more sensitive Japanese commander played by Akira Takarada, who I recognized from Hiroshi Inagaki's iconic version of Chushingura (47 Ronin) and also from the original Godzilla films by Honda. I'm sorry Rhodes Rede, whoever you are, but this guy has much more screen presence and you can bet everyone wants him to end up with the cute blonde, played by Linda Miller. We laughed at the way Rede always finds a way to enter himself between Miller and Takarada, which seems to have some kind of preference. Of course, like all Kong leaders, her primary relationship is with the king herself. She discovers a good trick: if you really talk to a giant monkey ..... really .... slow ..... he will understand what you say. And if you're a blonde gal, it means he'll do everything you tell him. The fact is not lost on Dr. Who (Eisei Amamoto) and Madame Piranha (Mie Hama) - who represent a "nation not named" - who intend to use her as bait to get Kong to dig mineral deposits trapped at the North Pole. <br /> <br /> Yes, it's really the plot of the whole movie - apparently just a giant monkey will be able to dig out these minerals that can be used to make super. powerful weapons. Dr. Who builds Mecha-Kong to get it, but the circuit gets in the way, so they decide to go for the right Kong. Kong himself has long been looking with Mecha-Kong, a story element that made the movie more interesting but not followed up. <br /> <br /> By the end of the movie, the cute blonde shouted "Kong" or "King Kong" in her chirpy voice so many times that when the two heroes told her to let him go to the end, they talk to us all. Actually, this movie is spilling what any majesty might be in the Kong character, making him a heroic and friendly figure too early, just like the latest version of the story. Kong is just a man in a suit in this movie, and they show a lot of him to the point where the goofy face becomes impossible to take seriously. It's a nice movie, I'm sure it meets the demands or desires of fans of this kind of thing, which in many ways is really more of a wrestling movie than a monster movie. The monsters never really scare in these movies, they just jump around and push each other a lot. It's not a worthless movie, but it is extremely predictable and formulable for anyone under the age of 10 or so. It will probably only be entertained as a comedy.
