This is an interesting left turn for Rule 13 Indian. TWO HARBORS is a b & w 75 minute movie from Minnesota containing non-actors and is about two people associated with a search for strange life. I welcome the confidence of the Reel 13 programmers to think outside the box when choosing this movie. I just wish they had chosen a stronger movie to be brave. In fact, I wonder if the choice is more about the uniqueness of the film than with the real quality of the movie itself (Not that TWO HARBORS are completely without merit, but I'll only get it later). <br /> <br /> As usual with independent movies, TWO HOUSES are limited in terms of location. There are only two right places ?? a big junk dealership market and a lot of teen trailer, which is home to the middle-aged main character, Vic, played by Alex Cole. Author / director James Vculek uses the market environment to outline Vic, which is one of the traders. He went to Vic and started many long conversations that only provide us with two pieces of information. Vic sells space toys (he prefers to call their "outer space action figures") and he is a nasty asshole. It's symbolic of one of the two key issues with TWO HARBORS - all the chats. I said before and will I say it again? We are about a visual medium and filmmakers need to work harder to visually tell their stories. There are, of course, exceptions, but in general, endless paternity is not that busy with film? especially if the dialogue is used as an outline. Almost all conversations in the movie are long and unnecessarily verbose. A remarkable example will be some scenes that Vic is characteristic of playing as a Boy Scout leader to get a discount at a store. He argues with the clerk back and forth and these scenes do not even adjust the plot one iota. It's the kind of thing that even makes a 75 minute movie feel. <br /> <br /> The other problem with TWO HARBORS is the play. I can be a bit of a curmudgeon in the movie show, but I really don't feel there is a good excuse for not having good actors in your movies. There are many good actors out there, many of whom are willing to work on low-budget projects ?? even in Minnesota. Many filmmakers avoid the importance of acting as secondary to their visuals, but they are naive. In narrative filmmaking, next to the story, nothing is more important than acting / performing. If you don't believe the people who enact your story, your audience is lost. <br /> <br /> Initially, I thought Vculek had used non-actors, but as the film progressed, I decided they were probably community. theater-type actors. It wasn't that they were uncomfortable on camera. That's that they were on stage (ie big). Granted, the best of the actors was the two leading? Cole and Catherine E. Johnson as Cassie, a lonely young girl trapped in Vic's foreign hunt. They had the most training, but they were a little rough around the edges. The eccentricities they have shown simply appear to be surface - not a real, organic place. Me. Johnson, in particular, is an interesting thing. She definitely has a presence? A midwestern charm about her, but the charisma believes the multitude of issues her character is supposed to have. She struggles to portray the idiosyncrasies arising from a supposed life of loneliness and (slave?) Labor, relying on stock movements such as eyeballs, lip bites and stems to represent her discomfort with the outside world. <br /> <br /> In the first paragraph I mentioned that TWO HARBORS aren't quite without merit and here's what I mean. Without giving away too much, the film faded into white for an hour. Then the story takes a beautiful turn, allowing the last fifteen minutes to be tempting and straightforward? It is like a squeeze to the stomach, but in a good way. It is almost a great relief to feel something with these characters for so long. The last five minutes of the movie has no dialogue at all and the result is the best part of the movie ?? subtle, detailed (Cole does his best work of the film) and, above all, film. Then, with the closing credits come the most amazing revelation of all? that it is based on a true story, which made me think. With all the dialogue, the minimal places and the lack of movie qualities, it seemed to me that with two kicks ass actors and a tightening again, TWO HARBORS could play a lot of kick-ass stage ?? maybe even a one-act. If there are any generous theater producers out there, I definitely recommend you get the movie and contact the movie maker, Reel 13 or whoever. There may be something about this story? <br /> <br /> (For more information on this or any other Reel 13 movie, check out their website at www.reel13.org)
