Times are difficult for Angel Town, gangs raging with a iron fist and for reasons mostly unknown. (Mainly due to embarrassment), gangs need a street child, Martine to join the gangs. But due to the presence of an Olympic kicker (Olivier "World's Lest Actor" Gruner), Jacques is hoping. Angel Town is seriously one of the most inconspicuous message movies ever made (and I saw my part). It seems from the idea that all gang-infected wicked need is French boxers who can't act. The worst of all is so many awkward moments it's just hilarious. Best of all comes from the exchange between Gruner and Aragon, which basically sum up how ridiculous this thing is. To know: "You like the battles? (Olivier grabs his Asian best friend in a leader). I can kill him? If I want to die him, he dies! The reason I don't want to kill him is because I am afraid of him and I know that if I kill him, his son and wife will kill me, so he does not die! " , let alone your best friend is left out of the equation. Strange. <br /> <br /> Let me not, however, make the sound I hate this movie, far from it, it's so terrible it is invaluable. The biggest laugh comes at the end of the disastrous final, after which Grunner goes one on one with gangsters refusing the use of pistols (the biggest logic gap of the film). Also, a disabled Vietnam veterinarian helps out by shooting his machine gun at the gangs, while Gruner kicks the rest. All this is the sound of terrible "Mexican" accent and surreal energy that makes this one unforgettable for film waste fans like this. <br /> <br /> The other is talking about this movie, for some reason Olivier Gruner never goes to school, although this is the main reason why he is here in the States and does not start with his girlfriend in France no. In a cemetery in the movie's awkward start, Angel Town is certainly a failure at all imaginable levels, but if you laugh at moronic martial arts movies with insane action levels that don't come up at all, it's the perfection movie for you. On the other hand, make sure you go tequila, like the ridiculous opening song details "Don't grace in Angel Town" <br /> <br /> * from 4- (Bad)
