"The Running Spring & Standing Movie" is not a movie as such, but it is a short series of tracks with a comic slapstick theme. This film acknowledged Richard Lester and paved the way for the first Beatles movie: A Hard Day's Night. Richard Lester wrote and wrote the music for his first film in 1959. This movie was titled The Running, Jumping, & Standing Still Film. It was meant to be viewed only by those who helped in its production. Since the film was only to be viewed by Lester and his partners, a small amount of money and time was invested. The sole purpose of this movie is entertainment, but the main reason for its existence is the fact that it served as an experiment to work on the camera. The film costs £ 70 to make, and it is filmed in sepia - a few Sundays played a few tons in the field. All the shots shot were included in the final production. The final production is eleven minutes long. <br /> <br /> The Running, Jumping, & Standing Still Film is a comedy about English Sundays and the little hobbies people do to pass the tim e. All the events in this movie take place in a field. Some of these comic events include a woman scrubbing a lawn, a man who rotates a tree trunk with a needle to play a record, a photographer who develops film in a dam, a artist who helped to paint the numbers on the model's face. man who builds a tent, an athlete who runs the tent and a duel between a man with a knife and a man with a gun. Not only does the movie make fun of the hobbies people do to make time pass, but it also makes fun in English culture compared to American culture. Another of several events in this film includes a group of men and a kite built from the flag of the United Kingdom. One of the men jumps into the kite while the other men try to fly it, and the kite breaks. According to Neil Sinyard, author of The Films or Richard Lester, this event symbolizes the UK as less in power and technology compared to the United States during the space period. According to this scene, British flying primitive flies fly while the Americans, the world power after World War II, fly highly advanced rockets and spacecraft.
