There is nothing cool, hip or clever about this movie - it just keeps an ignorance of true art cinema. How can you so easily forget that the central fact of this whole movie is that these are mean and ugly people. . . SERIAL KILLERS! If they have to break down total strangers to be a family again, "we don't want them to be a family." What part of it did you have trouble grabbing? Why is this filth rejoicing? <br /> <br /> This foolish filth is what you do if you can't do art! One's head and life must be deeply empty to miss this low ominous as "interesting." It's a camera without a brain. What really makes a work of art cool is depth, questioning the status quo from a perspective informed by a knowledge of history (or in this case a knowledge of something would be preferable!). Instead, it just randomly picks up the ugliest images available in a world in the collapse, thanks to just the kind of empty meanness glorified as "cool because it's so far, man!"). The same violent events actually happen every day. They're NOT "just in the movie." They refer to real soul children who would do the same to YOU. Do you want to do these things to you? A child could have thought it would require zero imagination, it's not surrealism. This lazy crap has no content, says nothing - it's just the worst of the evening news, and it doesn't say anything new, we don't know. It is "the emperor's new clothes," the director hoped that there would be enough uneducated children, proud of their inhumane streak, for this messy dirt to fly. I can now see the director Miike's demented fans: chain-smoking teenagers and twenty drunkards covered in tattoos, with metal punched in their faces, inverted their knowledge base in proportion to their intelligence estimate. <br /> <br /> There is NO PLOT about this - it's just pure exploitation of shock force violence. There is no "hidden meaning" anywhere in this poor movie. It's a good idea to explore a movie to see if there are works of art that are ingeniously artistic, BUT you can't expose a hidden meaning if someone is not there! To do this you need to see and review a REAL piece of cinema. There is PLENTY out there, directed by Fellini, Bergman, Fassbinder, Herzog, Altman, Bunuel, Kurosawa, Lynch, Tarkovsky, Peter Greenaway, Tarantino, Guillermo del Toro, Richard Linklater, Eisenstein, Aronofsky, Gus van Sant, Soderbergh, Shyamalan, Gus van Sant, Ordet. Why don't you see a real movie by those giants? This wannabe director, Miike, will never make a movie equivalent to one of the geniuses I just mentioned because he just doesn't have the talent! Anyone can have some chaotic crap like "Visitor Q." clap. Teenagers can throw it together in one afternoon! There is no message, no meaning, no plot, none of it. There are long lists of ART movies to learn from - but this "Visitor Q" is NOT an art film in any way. It has no content. It's just a banal horror loaded on another, and the point to remember about those terrible crimes is that these things happen somewhere in the world every day. They are not good, because they are "just in the movie." They refer to real soul children who would do the same to YOU. Do you want to do these things to you? To others? Why? Because this world is ugly enough, thanks to people who like to think of terrible events like this. <br /> <br /> There are so many art films out there to deconstruct your mind, but you're wasting your talents with this piece of crap. There is no deeper meaning. There is nothing to analyze; why keep trying? I spent almost 40 years practically every movie, keeping up with all the new ones, but I've never seen anything as disgustingly useless as that. It is not imaginative or even shocking, as these events happen all over the world on a daily basis. Making this movie, or even reviewing it favorably, has caused more than 50 young headaches who don't know how to think it is "cool". They can grow up to think they are convincing others, some of which may end up doing these things. Convicted murderers often reveal how they just started this way because they became indifferent to the horror of this horrific inhumanity. Trust me on this, - I know cool, and cool this piece of crap is NOT. Visitor Q has the FEEL of a real SNUFF movie, and I'm still not sure it's actually. <br /> <br /> Your actions have consequences, son. The world is already terrible enough. Certain violence like this can happen to you, or to the socially irresponsible director who exchanged this FAKE Art movie. Believe me, you won't think it's cool if someone saws your skull in half!
