(BIG SPOILERS) I saw another Takashi Miike movie, and it was the very disturbing and brutal 'Audition', which was an investigation into the Japanese ideals of femininity! In "Visitor Q" - which I think means "Visitor Question" - he investigates the family unit in a very disturbing way. Miike's surreal vision of a dysfunctional family is almost trying to be Lynchian in terms of confusion and filmmaking, but eventually has the style and intrigue. We, the audience, are introduced to a bizarre variety of scenarios from the opening scene with the father figure (Kenichi Endo, which was actually pretty good) to pay for sex with his displaced daughter (Fujiko). When the father returned home, he was hit by the "visitor" (Kazushi Watanabe) who had a fairly large rock, and for some reason they both ended up at home. The mother (Shungiku Uchida) is beaten and harassed by her son (Jun Muto). He is also beaten and bullied by his schoolmates. When the visitor enters the house, he establishes himself somewhat threatening as part of the unit. Eventually, the family begins to improve their relationship, with the help of the visitor, by milking breasts, killing and retaining a sense of family pride. <br /> <br /> And there are other crazy scenes that somehow bring the family closer together. . It has uncomfortable humor, but is equally frustratingly stupid, and over in its strangeness. There is a necrophilic scene that is totally disgusting but is ridiculously funny as the scene progresses. Partly because of the situation itself, and partly because you can't believe the filmmakers and the actors really do it! The style of the film is poor to say the least, and the plot is stupid and incredibly weak. The characters themselves are everywhere, and although I understand it, it is not realistic, there is hardly any interest in these confrontational characters and situations as everyone is on the absurd front! The camera work is messy and doesn't have that movie that Lynch's work entails. It is difficult to take this movie seriously on a surrealistic level, or on an interpretation of the investigation of the family unit in Japan. It just seems that Miike has shock and the film seems self-conscious that it is "shocking" and it is almost comical to take seriously. All in all, I would say this movie is a bizarre dark comedy, but it looks amateurish and unnecessary to shock. Miike's previous film, Audition, was finely balanced between disgusting horror, character development and technique - which set more intrigues in the way the film was made to enable the viewer to touch the plot. "Visitor Q" is a step down because it tries too hard to confront extraordinarily bizarre and intentional, without really saying much in the process! <br /> <br /> ** out of *****!
