I must say that it was a bit embarrassing for the "King of the Cowboys"; In 1948, the photo came a decade after Roy Rogers' earliest photographs in which he starred. Roy's character comes down as a little clueless in this one, along with his female co-star Jane Frazee, who alternates her allegiance between Roy and Robert Livingston, depicting Chief Justice Bill Regan. The whole story seems kind of confused, with missed opportunities for what could have been an entertaining hour or so. For example, like the legend of the 'Hangman's Hotel', what the hanging man says comes to life midnight. With Andy Devine in the movie as Cookie Bullfincher, you'd think the story would get a little mileage from the essay. Instead, you have some complicated proceedings that would have been better served if it was a Bowery Boys movie. It was a sad attempt at a haunted gimmick who relied on poor old Genevieve, who told the truth, was getting more screen time than Trigger, whose contract as 'Smartest Horse in the Movies' had nothing to say about how to get it. raised by a mule. And then you have Foy Willing and his Riders of the Purple Sage who replace Bob Nolan and the Zone of the Pioneers for your musical interlude. I don't know about you, but it was already half way in the picture and I was still looking for Pat Brady - oh well! <br /> <br /> Yet, there was another interesting element that can be found here if you were hard enough, and it seems to be Roy's athletic demise of Trigger while he's still out of the bad. OK, it was probably a stunt double, but I haven't seen it in a few hundred Westerners. <br /> <br /> Jane Frazee does the honors as the female lead in this photo, as she did in four other films to Roy in the 1947/1948 timeframe. In "Under California Stars" she appeared as Andy Devine's cousin, named Caroline Bullfincher. You are never quite convinced of which side she will enter in this story, as she pretends to be someone she is not, and almost accidentally touches the good old side. <br /> <br /> Fans of the old Laurel and Hardy movies can be as surprised as I would see James Finlayson here as the sheriff of Sintown. I would have liked a little more comedy relief in his role, but he played it straight straight. I had to wonder when he and old Vanderpool (Charle Coleman) rolled up Koekie in the mining bowl when there was no reason for it. Just a way to exclude it, I think, with as many thoughts as the rest of the picture went. I hate being difficult, but if you saw enough Roy Rogers movie, you should know that it wasn't one of his finer efforts. <br /> <br /> Say, Sintown - I wonder if it was the same place that became Sin City?
