Here are the games. . . (Adv. = Advantage) <br /> <br /> The Warriors (Ultimate Warrior, Texas Tornado and Legion of Doom) v The perfect team (Perfect, Aks, Smash and Crush or Demolition): Aks is the first to In seconds when Warrior splashes for the pen (4-3 adv. Warriors). I knew Ax wasn't a healthy man, but if he was so unhealthy, why was he on the map? It will be his last PPV. Ultimately, both Legion or Doom and Demolition work cheaply through dual disqualification (2-1 adv. Warriors). Perfectly fit the Perfect Plex on Texas Tornado for the pen. He then tries the same on Warrior, but Warrior doesn't sell it and kick it out. Warrior comes back with a splash to pen Perfect and becomes the only survivor. 5/10 <br /> The Dream Team (Dusty Rhodes, Koko B Ware and the Heart Foundation v Million Dollar Team (Ted Dibiase, Mystery Partner and Rhythm and Blues): The Mysterious Partner is The Undertaker and, on his debut , making an impact to finish Koko right away with The Tombstone (Monsoon still controls his correct height, weight and finishing while pretending he doesn't know who he is), making it 4-3 for Dibiase's team. force punches Honky for the peg (3-3) and his career at the WWF is over. Shortly thereafter, Niedhart is the victim of Dibiase with the help of Virgil (3-2 adv. Dibiase's team). Undertaker double ax Entrepreneur goes to Dusty and is counted out, although he is not the legal man (2-1 adv. Dibiase's team). Almost straight Greg is caught in a cradle by Hart trying to figure the figure four lock on him and be pinned in. It comes down to Hart v Dibia Look and after a few minutes of good struggle, Bret gets his cross crossed eur Dibias for the pen. Dibiase is the only survivor. At least Hart is well used. 6/10 <br /> <br /> The Vipers (Jake 'The Snake' Roberts, 'Superfly' Jimmy Snuka and The Rockers) v Visionaries (Rick 'Model' Martel, Warlord and Power and Glory) In the ring get Marty Jannetty powered by Warlord, as he comes out of the top rope for the pen (4-3 adv. Visionaries). Snuka is caught in seconds by Martel who turns his body back (4-2 adv. Visionaries). Michaels is caught up in the Power Plex and pinned by Roma (4-1 adv. Visionaries). It is now Roberts against four men who appeared on his Survivor Series two years earlier. Despite the attack of the Warlord with the DDT, Roberts is invented after Martel. The Visionaries are the first Survivor Series team to survive as one. Not much here is worth watching to be honest, as psychology is rushing. 3/10 <br /> Hurricanes (Hulk Hogan, 'Hacksaw' Jim Duggan, Bigbossman and Tugboat) v Natural Disasters (Earthquake, Dino Bravo, Barbarian and Haku): One Bossman grind knocks Haku off early in the bolt 4-3 adv. Hulkamaniacs). Duggan gets his 2 out of 4 after he has knocked the earthquake over it to be disqualified (3-3). Bravo committed suicide shortly after he allowed Hogan to make him the pen (3-2 Advocate Hulkamaniacs). Earthquake controls Bossman with two elbow drops for the pen shortly thereafter (2-2). Hogan is defeated and FINALLY Tugboat gets a marker (who knew he was there at this point?), He struggled for about 30 seconds before being counted with Earthquake. Only Hogan and Barbarian left. The Barbarian does a little good offense, but inevitably gets caught in the big bag and leg drop for the pen. Hogan is the only survivor. 4/10 <br /> <br /> The Alliance (Nikolai Volkoff, Tito Santana and Bushwhackers) against Mercenaries (Sgt Slaughter, Boris Zhukov and Orient Express): All the Mercanaries carried camouflage face paint. Lighting fast pens here with Santana Pinning Zhukov in his last PPV in seconds (4-3 Adv. Alliance). There was not even a Bolshevik action. Bushwhackers hit Sato with The Battering Ram, although Tanaka was the legal man (4-2 adv. Alliance) and will be his last appearance on WWF PPV if The Orient Express is repackaged. Tanaka follows Sato when Santana defends him with the flying forearm (4-1 adv. Alliance). Despite the slaughter in the ring against four men, he switches Volkoff (whose career is over), Butch and Luke in that order with relative ease. Finally, Santana beats slaughter by disqualification when General Adnan strikes the Iraqi flag. Eventually there was an interesting discussion, although the game was terrible. Santana wins the winning victory as the only survivor and becomes his last best hour. 3/10 <br /> The egg hatches and this is Hector Guerrerro in a crazy outfit. He dances with Gene Okerlund and is encouraged by the crowd, while Piper and Monsoon pretend to enjoy it. <br /> <br /> Match of Survival: Ultimate Warrior, Hulk Hogan and Tito Santana v Warlord, Power and Glory, Rick 'Model' Martel and Million Dollar Man Ted Dibiase: Just another catalog of eliminations than Santana pins Warlord in seconds with flying forearm, who at least impressed his previous Summerslam defeat (4-3 adv. Dibiase's team). Dibiase stun guns Santana for the pen (4-2 adv. Dibiase's team). Hogan kicks off The Power Plex and goes to Pin Roma after a clothing line to effectively kill the Power and Glory push (3-2 adv. Dibiase's team). Hogan prevents Martel from being thrown out and Dibiase with the bone drop for the pen (2-1 adv. Hogan's team). Hogan eventually allows Warrior to play in the game that soon comes from former nemesis Hercules. A very predictable end to the point of nausea. 2/10 <br /> Overall, too many games and too little time had a negative impact, as the wrestlers were almost waiting for a conveyor belt to be nailed. Most of the heels have been rejected by Warrior and Hogan, which is a poor way to handle a huge roster of wrestlers.
