I got rid of this movie with the feeling that it could have been so much better. Instead of being a gripping, tense story of a boy's battle for desert survival, it comes down as a National Geographic documentary at Columbia Sportswear's ad. <br /> <br /> The movie starts with Brian (Jared Rushton) Preparing for a plane trip to see his dad. His mother gives him the curious choice of a greenhouse as a food gift (what's wrong with a Rubik's Cube?), Little knows how bad he needs it soon. Once in the air, the plane's pilot (a shiny-and-you-miss came through Ned Beatty) has a fatal heart attack, leaving Brian helplessly as the plane crashes into a lake. Extremely happy to walk (or rather swim) virtually unharmed, Brian must find shelter, food and hope for salvation. <br /> <br /> Here's where the biggest problem with the movie begins. Due to the nature of Brian's loneliness, Jared has very few lines to talk about, so the film had to be compensated by picking up the tension of each scene. Instead, he is shown to walk around, to sit down, and so on, with only a minimal sense of danger. As a result, too much confidence is placed on the return of the parents' troubled marriage as the source of tension. These scenes just get in the way and don't add much to the story. Even worse, sometimes Jared ?? his face covered with mud - leaving an over-shout or two, provoking unfortunate parallels to 'Predator'. In the accident we could have done with the face of his mullet, but it probably helped to keep him warm at night. <br /> <br /> Another disappointment is Pamela Sue Martin in a totally ineffective performance than the mother. Both sides and the father have very little impact on the movie. For example, we are never shown how they respond to the news of Brian's disappearance, how they can organize rescue efforts, and so on. This is just one source of tension that the filmmakers did well to explore instead of spending so much time on events that happened before Brian started his journey.
