Amy Poehler and Rachel Dratch are one of the nicer women on Saturday Night Live. It is a pity that, along with Tina Fey and Maya Rudolph, they were on the SNL during the longest record of unwritten writing and sketching (about 2002-2006). Yet these two women know especially what is funny, and they know how to write a funny movie. <br /> <br /> You will see in the credits of this movie that Dratch and director Ryan Shiraki wrote the story for "Spring Breakdown", but who wrote the real script, consisting of dialogue and all the important stuff material that makes a story in a multi-dimensional movie? Yes, just Shiraki. Only one man wrote the dialogue for this movie, and no women apparently wrote the script with him. The result is a beautiful cliché spring break movie that doesn't spoil the faux holiday so much as it does as much as MTV does every year. <br /> <br /> If Dratch, Poehler, and even co-star Parker Posey had contributed their handwriting to the script, it would have been much less cliché. The premise is original, and is about three thirty-something women who were unpopular in high school (and apparently also college) who have never had the fun spring trip that they allegedly dreamed of. I say "allegedly" because you never know what's fun for these characters. They have shown talent in the past, singing old, female folk songs like True Colors, and spending their nights with their own pizza parties. Although none of them are particularly unattractive, the outside world seems to treat them as they are. There is a scene where a blind student of Poehler's (played by Poehler's real life man, Will Arnett) asks her on a date, just to touch her face and change immediately. Of course, if Poehler's character is supposed to be unattractive, they hired the wrong actress. <br /> <br /> The movie continues to show promise, though we have uncertainty about the main characters, when Posey's boss, Texas Senator 'Kay Bee' Hartmann (Jane Lynch, funny as always) rents Posey over her watch unpopular college-aged daughter (Amber Tamblyn, another woman who is real-life attractive but not in the eyes of any characters in this movie) as she goes to a Laguna Beach vacation spot for Spring Break. Poehler and Dratch come together, they are reluctantly raised, some like them in their college, and then the eventual performance comes with the girls of Sophie Monk Sophie Monk. <br /> <br /> Sophie Monk is an incredibly attractive woman with a body that would kill both women and men for different reasons. Unfortunately, her movie career is a rough start with the horrendously "Date Movie" (2006) and the disappointing "Click" (2006). Here she plays a southern belle, although her voice sounds like Delta Burke's vocal ball. She bumps it a little too much, tries too hard to play a fucking trick, that she runs as much as a caricature of spoiled college kids than the rest of the extras. <br /> <br /> "Spring Breakdown" was released on DVD despite the starry power of Amy Poehler, but rightly so because the story is too clumsy. It could also be called "National Lampoon's Spring Breakdown", and the magazine would probably not have sued for trademark infringement due to free publicity. If director Shiraki gave at least one woman the creative input, especially Rachel Dratch, this movie would have been good, and not nearly, just like a stocking we've seen before. I know Dratch will come up with another funny concept, and hopefully the rest of the screenplay will be completed. She's funny enough, and she deserves better than this half-baked comedy that Stiffler's brother with open arms will accept.
