Another great star cast, another glossy player, another alleged director, another movie filled with songs at the top of the squatter, but unfortunately that is missing on the day is a story that every filmmaker expects such a great budget position. So much hype is what it's all about the movie before it's a red carpet premiere. A Hype that went to an extent where Anil Kapoor claims the movie is one of the most beautiful love stories ever made to Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge. Well, Anilji, what did you talk about the movie? Well, the plot of the movie is about 6 different couples and 12 different people, who have a totally different attitude to life, but despite their different life approaches, they all have a common problem, that is LOVE. Well, indeed, a lure. But little did we expect the movie to be such a boredom that dropped the last expectation of the audience of such a multi-star movie. These are kinda movies I totally scare off because I've been waiting in the theater for four hours for a multiple ticket that is just waiting for the climax. <br /> <br /> The problem starts from the beginning. The director gets so confused with the plot that he even gets confused about how to share the time slot for six different stars. Some of the couples like Anil Kapoor-Juhi and Sohail Khan (who are the wife to him) just make no sense for their existence in the movie. Salman (as he calls him rahul in a strange way for the whole movie. Well, like Rahoooooool), try again as usual with his Videsi kinda-Hindi accent. Hey Sallu Bhai, now that Aish is getting married, at least gets a tip from Abhishek to improve your acting abilities. A simple striptease won't make the movie a box office every time. And Anilji stops shearing your brandy beard or you look quite like an eunuch. And a girl of your daughters age smooch looks just as uncool as Jack Nicholson in a romantic movie. And please, Nikhilji avoid putting such unnecessary scenes into a movie that isn't quite necessary for the shot. <br /> <br /> The other bigger mistake in the movie was that there was no perfect synchronization between the stories of different couples. . Each story itself seems to be taken from different movies, compiled to form a sadistic plot of Salaam-E-Ishq. Bollywood has to learn a lot about movies like Snatch, Memento, where the director knows the perfect art to cut the various unrelated rows to form a perfect mixed story. <br /> <br /> Somewhere while I evaluated the pre-release movie reviews predict that the movie won't do well, because the title of this movie adds to the number 28, and 28 is considered a bad number in Numerology. But I take my point completely by saying the movie won't fail his or her Numerology defects, but because of the thousands of errors that continue in the movie. And if director like Nikhil Advani can make such big blunders in the whole storyline of the movie, any wonder would not have saved the movie of bombing at the Box Office. <br /> <br /> My suggestion to everyone, please avoid this movie at any cost. It is not worth paying a tart that you pay for the ticket. Indeed, there are better movies on theater screens that are worth watching over Salaam-E-Ishq.
