Six for the price of one! So it's a bonanza time for Cinegoers. Isn't it? Here it is not one, not two, but all six love stories, an ensemble cast of the best stars of bollywood, plus all the stories in the genre of your favorite top directors Johar, Bhansali, Chopra et al. You will see every damn kind of love story you have enjoyed for years or rather patience. So not a big problem for you. Need anything more than that? No, sir, thank you. Why sir? Enough is enough. Please save us. They have signed every topster who registers them to sign, whether or not they are needed, so they eventually make a circus of stars, believe or not. To print Every thing depicted here is exactly how it is prescribed in Bollywood's romance guide. Plus, you need to justify the length given to each story, because each one has stars. That's why it's too long, three hours plus. The gags are filmed. Characters are filmed. Problems, Barriers, Situations, Solution ?? Yes, you did it right again? filmy-tried and tested. The same hundreds of dancers dance in colorful costumes in the background. Why don't they have any other job to do? All couples are sweet-sweet, fairy-tale type, picture perfect. Everyone is looking for good. Every story starts in a perfect way and therefore must end in that impossible perfect way? Too random. You can't link to a single story. Here you have everything you've seen a million times. Bloody false, unreal, abaphorical abnormal stories are usually considered for more than a hundred years since the evolution of this Indian theater. What a mockery of sensitivities of today's audience? Yes, it could have been a parody if he only paid tribute to last year's love stories, but unfortunately even that thing is not being investigated. At least, director Nikhil Advani must have attempted to tackle an unconventional, terrible love story, but then, what will happen to the tradition of establishing the commercial bollwood pot boiler brigade? Oh! Someone should continue, no. Imagine, on the one hand, finding such a love story difficult and here we have six times the pain. I mean six damn stories. I mean double the fun of Chopra's Mohabbatein (Year 2000). In this age and time, something really gets guys. We are now desperate to see some not so colorful people and not so bright stories. Oh, what have you just said-come on, it's fun. My advice, please do not waste your time reading such reviews. Rather go, have more such entertainment! Thank you.
