Who are these "They" - the actors? the filmmakers? Certainly it cannot be the audience - it is one of the most excited productions that exist. It's the kind of movie that looks like it was fun to shoot? Too much fun, no one is doing real work, and it almost always makes a movie that's not fun to watch. <br /> <br /> Ritter down glasses to host him as a kind of duplexer from the modest Bogdanovich; The screens with the striped me. Stratten is sweet, but has an embarrassment, watch-guys-I'm dating-the-prom queen feels for them. Ben Gazzara sports his regular cat-canary grin in a useless attempt to elevate the light plot. This requires him to pursue Audrey Hepburn with all interest in narcoeptic psychology at an insomnia clinic. Meanwhile, the budding couple's respective children (nepotism warning: Bogdanovich's daughters) spit cute and quote pretty disturbing tips on "love" while observing their parents. (Hepburn, based on her dignity, manages to rise above the process, but she has the monumental challenge to play for herself.) Everyone looks good, but so? It's a movie and we can expect so much. If that's what you're looking for, you'll be better off picking up a copy of Vogue. <br /> <br /> Oh, and it should be noted that Colleen Camp is annoyingly annoyed, apart from her singing, which, though capable, is totally unconvincing ... the country and western numbers are mistakenly mismatched with standards the soundtrack. Certainly, that's NOT what Gershwin (who wrote the song from which the movie's title was derived) had in mind; his 20's stage musicals might have been a bit small, but at least they were charmed. "They All Laughed" are trying to kiss on his good intentions, but nobody - least of all Peter Bogdanovich - has the good sense to put on the brakes. <br /> <br /> Due to a small portion of the tragic death of Dorothy Stratten, this film has a special place in the heart of Mr. Bogdanovich. He even bought it back from his producers, then spread it on his own and went bankrupt when it wasn't popular. His rise and fall is one of the more sympathetic and tragic of Hollywood stories, so there's no joy in criticizing the movie ... there's a real emotional investment in me. Stratten's scene. But "Laughed" is a dull echo of "The Last Picture Show", "Paper Moon" or "What's Up, Doc" - following "Daisy Miller" and "By Long Last Love", it was a thunderous confirmation of the phase of which PB has never occurred. <br /> <br /> All in all, however, the movie is innocent, just a waste of rent. I want to see how people have a good time, I go to the park on a sunny day. For cinematic expressions of joy and love, I join Ernest Lubitsch and Jaques Demy ...
