It's a sad movie made for sad people. I sat in the theaters and tore my hair apart, because I wanted to break out the chairs in front of me, while the movie stretched out to the other with a crying intrusive scene. And there were people laughing at me, which made me wonder what kind of movies these people should look to actually enjoy this horse's. <br /> <br /> Nikkhil Advani has six stories without plot and no interesting characters. The screenplay is dull, probably he was drunk when he wrote this movie. There is no strong emphasis on any of these stories. Nothing new, nothing to keep the audience and filled with dialogues you've heard a million times before. One of the stories is about this couple, not having sex, because of a series of disasters that happen every time they want to. I mean seriously is this story really needed? It's not funny, not creative, but just proves that Advani has no sense of comedy. Another of the stories (probably the only story I am interested in) is based on a man's infidelity and it also ends in a paralyzed old-aged sati-savitri patient armor crap. I have no idea what the Salmaan-Priyanka plot is about. There was no problem in the plot because it would be a plot. She can't take Karan Johar's movie because she has to marry Salmaan? Why can't she marry him and still take the movie? Or does Advani and Priyanaka just want the world to prove that it is actually true that female actors can be successful if they are married or that they should not act in movies once they are married? Of course, with six actors in the film, Advani can't make the movie himself. He is making full use of sponsors such as the Times group, who promote their Filmfare magazines shamelessly. And also some jewelry brands that the women in the movie really want !! I come to IMDb to give it the worst rating and I'm shocked to see posts that price the movie. It's just about showing the sad state of bollywood and how star hit the fans. With fans like this, movies like Salaam E Ishq will continue to be made and worse is probably a hit.
