The problems with Nikhil Advani's Salaam-e-Ishq are many. A one-line concept that looks good on paper (which also worked in an earlier English movie - Love Actually) goes terribly wrong due to unclear and level writing. A good intention is to break the weight of his own great ambition into smithereens. A director who is being played by his very own, very much acclaimed first film, is going overboard with the devices that worked in his earlier film (Kal Ho Na Ho). Try counting the number of times the device is used by the divider screens in this movie. The problem is - which really worked in Kal Ho Na Ho - the emotional remains of the Karan Johar film school, but here we don't feel 'emotional' on the screen. . The author / director gives us 'six relationships with a common problem - love', but where is the intensity, where is the depth, where is the 'emotion'? A 'tribute to love' sans emotion? And one that goes on and on and on ...... No, it just can't work! <br /> <br /> In my opinion, the basic requirement for a Portmanteau movie like this is to work, that it should not only be if each individual story is "complete", somehow graph of the traditional three-act structure (author author guru, Syd Field's paradigm). That's the reason Salaam-e-Ishq didn't work for me. None of the stories has any depth or rollercoaster ride of emotional ups and downs that one expects in the mainstream Hindi theater. Also, the connection between some of the stories was tough and much forced. It is not clear what Salman Khan is doing at Ayesha Takia's wedding. If he had to be present at the wedding for a neat finish, why not smear some more coincidences and bring the other two couples to the wedding too? It will be neat. <br /> <br /> Yes, some of the stories had a lot of promise. The Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chawla story tries to address a very real situation - middle-life crisis, but the journey is so linear that you wonder if it's really a problem. Likewise, the problem of commitment in the Akshaye Khanna-Ayesha Takia story is also true for life. If it's just developed, it's a little better. I felt that the more promising stories in this mish-mash were told from the male point of view. It's good, but it brings the emotional quotient of these stories down because the female characters - Juhee Chawla and Ayesh Takia in particular - all have. the depth of a half-filled bath. Wasn't this movie supposed to go over '12 different lives'? Now the actors. John Abraham still has to play while Vidya Balan is reliable and engaging as ever. Anil Kapoor gets a role just written for him, but sometimes the boredom of his character endures. Since she didn't have a greasy character to portray, Juhee Chawla uses her beautiful smile and natural play to cover it. Akshaye Khanna is fine, despite the fact that in a few screens he goes a little over. Ayesha Takia has nothing to do, but she reminds us that she is the same girl who surprised us with her bravura show in Dor. Govinda tries to make up for the big mistake, called Bhagam Bhag, and largely succeeds. <br /> <br /> This brings me the most annoying job of the movie (relentlessly stopping the maximum screen time) Salman Khan and Priyanka Chopra. The lane is irritating mainly due to them. But I have to admit them for their consistency. They are consistently BAD all through the movie. Priyanka can be the next queen of hamming - I don't buy the crap that her role (that of an item girl) needs to act on top. Someone should tell her the difference between flamboyants, because the character demands it and straight hamming. If you saw Rakhi Sawant (which seems to be the inspiration behind this) in her interviews and Bigg Boss you will know what I mean. I feel strongly that if Nikhil Advani Rakhi Sawant took this role rather than a bigger star like Priyanka, the story would have worked better. Salman Khan's weak accent is ..... Well, Shannon Ezra's Hindi is less stressed than Salman's. <br /> <br /> To be fair to the director, he manages to add some good live touches to the movie. I especially like the use of gray as the dominant color in the Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chawla story as a metaphor for their boring existence and the bright colors that come into the story when the other woman arrives. But will somebody choose to paint their home in varying, gray print shades? This is acceptable movie license I would say. But if the movie runs for almost four hours, it almost feels that the director is trying too hard to give the audience a glimpse of his 'touch' in an endless meandering of unadorned rows. <br /> <br /> Perhaps Nikhil Advani wants us to stay in the theater for as long as humanly possible - pata nahin, calloping to ho.
