The concept of this made-up TV horror movie is ridiculously out of words, but hey, it was the late 1970s and literally all stupid horror formats were pretty damn profitable. So why not use the idea of ​​a satanic possession? The devil's dog plot is easy to describe to fans of the horror genre: Simply think of "The Omen" and replace the newborn baby boy with a similar German Shepard puppy! Seriously, I'm not joking, that's what the movie is about! During the opening series, members of a kind of satanic cult buy only a female dog in heat to fertilize it by Satan himself. You will think that the Lord of Darkness has other things in his mind than to commit fornication with a German Shepard and take over the one evil puppy at that time, but apparently not. Just like little Damien in "The Omen", one of the puppies is taken up by model family and becomes a beautiful and charismatic animal. But happy? this is the dog's name ?? is purely angry and relieves annoying neighbors and teachers in a derivative manner. He also disputes his malignant character on the family wife and children, but he cannot force his father (Richard Crenna) to hold his arm in a lawnmower because he is a "chosen". The whole thing gets too moronous for words when Crenna finally travels to Ecuador to search for an ancient mural and gets advice from an old witch doctor who speaks perfect English. I think he learned that in his eternal life he remains in a mountain in isolation. Director Curtis Harrington ("What is the case with Helen", "Ruby") and chief actor Richard Crenna ("Wait till Dark", "The Evil") are desperately trying to create an exciting and mysterious atmosphere, but everything is in vain . Screens such as cute puppies that spontaneously burn to a Spanish girl or a dog that causes bullets to disappear without even moving, instead of fear, and even ghostly music styles can not give it a chance. The "special" effects are pathetic, especially near the end when Satan's dog changes into a completely chaotic shadow on the wall. "Devil Dog" is a really silly movie, but it's definitely hilaries to watch with a few friends and lots of liquor late at night. There are entertaining shortcomings of Martine Beswick ("Dr. Jekyll and Sister Hyde") as the terrible cult queen and R.G. Armstrong ("The Car", "The Pack") as the evil fruit, vegetable and puppy seller. And yes, that annoying daughter is the same child blown away by her ice cream in Carpenter's "Attack on Village 13".
