As would be expected, a Mazursky film made in the 70's would be counter-culture, sympathetic to the hippies - and many hippies in it - and of course it's childishly anti-authoritarian (eg, the scene on the Mexican border, when Sutherland evokes a designated officer by showing little respect and then accusing the latter of only opening him because he (Sutherland) has long hair). The constant leftward dribble could have gotten on my nerves if I wasn't prepared for it beforehand; Sutherland boasts aloud to his family and friends about potential movie ideas for his next film, and most of these ideas are either about blacks or Indians. (Needless to say, he will be welcomed with open arms in today's Hollywood). One of his movie ideas is about a black uprising in Beverly Hills - a race war, so-to-talk, in the middle of LA .. That's the kind of nonsense Mazursky thinks about writing scripts for his movies . Fortunately, some of Sutherland's hippie friends are delighted with this black revolution premium, and the resulting dialogue is not bad; A little later, the Jewish man makes a crack over Sutherland making a movie about "masturbation and the black problem" when the latter starts talking about masturbation. Another funny moment is when Sutherland's older daughter with her white schoolmates performs a PC khaki on stage, and everyone says, "We, the black people of the Republic of South Africa ...". <br /> <br /> There is always some self-indulgence when Hollywood makes a movie about Hollywood - especially when Hollywood is making a movie about Hollywood who is discussing Hollywood to do movies. Now, it is very, very self-sufficient, indeed. However, the scene with Fellini (playing himself) is more entertaining than annoying. Mazursky throws in the standard flower kids and anti-Vietnam bullshit in the soup, and also makes fun at corporate Hollywood, but he was / is just as much part of the "phony Hollywood" (lyrics of the song in the surreal war segment) like anyone else; I am pretty sure that he also makes fake talks in the Beverly Hills parties and strikes while he scares the hands of people he doesn't know or wants, but whose money he wants badly for his next (left) project. As for his hair, he has the worst hair I've seen for a long time (on film or elsewhere); It's like the kind of long hair that would have a middle-aged accountant if he'd grown for a long time. The film remains relatively interesting despite its aimlessness, but it falls slightly in the tide in the final third. If you would like to read my parody / biography of Donald Sutherland (and other Hollywood actors) contact me by email.
