"Baptist at Our Barbecue" is the best movie ever made. Now I got your attention with that awfully inaccurate statement that should be a pending offense when it is spoken. Let me start with my brief review of this tough, offensive, pretentious and boring young of the mess. I think you can consider a movie. First, the low budget of this stinker is completely obvious based on the very poor and inexperienced direction of Christian Vuissa, and the sticky, exaggeratedly beautiful, shiny and well-known script of F. Mathew Smith. I really despise the fact that it sends a lot of pro-Mormon, and kind of anti-other religion message. Yes, the story is about a small town half full of Mormons and half full of Baptists. It shows that all the main and role-model characters are Mormon, and so beautiful and perfect, but they are tackled by the evil, fucking and very condemning Baptists. It shows how beautiful Mormons are and how cold-hearted and ignorant Baptists are, instead of showing some solidarity as appropriate and realistic. I'm part of no religion (I'm actually an atheist), but it probably insulted me, along with a myriad of Baptists. It shows the Baptists as very unmade and unwilling to the Mormons, and the Mormons accept it a lot, and in fact there is indeed a mutual agreement between them. Sorry, I didn't mean to go down on a ridge. <br /> <br /> Another feature of "Baptist at Our Barbecue" that I didn't care for was the play. The performances are very amateurish and unnatural, especially from the female head Heather Beers. Miss. Beers stumbles across her path without any passion or feelings for her role, and I wasn't too impressed with Dan Merkley, who is the main character in this dark film, but I have to say he is very talented or showy more talent in this movie than Heather Beers. Whoever was the village owner was also terrible. Although there may be a small layer deep in the film, it's full of clichés. For example, the main character, Tartan (Merkley), finds comfort with a native American who always gives him the best advice on life-related issues - how is cliché it? To make the situation even more of a pathetic cliché, Tartan buys the poor, lonely heathen puppy. Ugghhh! <br /> <br /> If you want my advice, stay far away from "Baptist at Our Barbecue" if you can. I saw it on the shelf and thought it would be a cute and interesting little indie about religion. All I got was a, well, piece of crap. Degree: D- <br /> <br /> My rating guide - A + (absolutely flawless); A (a masterpiece, almost perfect); A- (excellent); B + (large); B (very good); B- (good); C + (a mixed bag); C (average); C- (disappointing); D + (bad); D (very bad); D- (absolutely terrible); F (not one redeeming quality in this rake of Hollywood feces).
