To give a killer combination of horrible writing, horrible acting and terrible direction, is a tossup or kinjite: Forbidden subjects are extremely bad or just hilariously bath. It's almost as if someone was playing a competition to make the most beautiful, sweetest Cannon movie. As if a look at a movie with characters such as' Lesbian Pedophile ',' Perverted Gentleman ',' Porn Actress' wasn't enough, it's your only chance that Charles Bronson's cop throws a lowlife on a bed and ' grab a dildo - but don't worry, it's okay, as the screens make it clear that he's just torturing for information. After all, even though he is a little overprotective of his beautiful Catholic daughter, he is a nice Catholic cop who regularly brings local Catholic priest William O'Connell a packaged lunch and who believes in poetic justice - or at least ensures that the bad guys end up In the slammer with the horniest prisoners can provide maximum security to give them a taste of their own medicine. But then you get it for him. "Look, I think you're a bit unstable." Yet, when he later offered a bribe, he could snort: "I'd like to print your ass, but I don't want to get my hands dirty," he clearly learned where the line should go. Instead, he only makes him eat a $ 25,000 watch and fires his Cadillac. The anal obsession even follows the title of the movie: despite the poster containing a naked Japanese girl on a porn movie, the only direct example of Kinjite / forbidden subjects, such as Alex Hyde White's English teacher to a group Japanese businessmen explain, are talking about your gut movements in the polite society. <br /> <br /> Bronson is not only too old for this, because the opening fight is just too clear, he is too old for love interest Peggy Lipton and she looks old enough to have mature children. A better actor than he ever got for when the right material is given, here he is less given a proper thought-out character than a series of outrageous reactionary quirks. When he does not increase the circles of suspects, he accidentally falls to the side of buildings. He is definitely not a P.C. buyer, with a special dislike for the Japanese - as if it's not bad enough that they buy American businesses, the worse they double-park on a public passage! No racial minority is left untouched, whether it's black pimp or Pakistani hotel clerk, no cop cliché irrevocably, whether it's a boss who hits his fist on the table or a dead beef mate (Perry Lopez and his spectacular bad hair dye so prominent, it deserves. screen invoice all its own). The twin plot strings - Bronson's L.A. cop trying to pick up Juan Hernandez's pimp that deals with minor girls and James Pax's porno obsession Japanese businessman ?? take forever to interweave, and then in the most unlikely ways: after having a sense of bronze daughter on a bus (an oriental guy touched my saint of saints!), Pax finds in the movie his poetic justice kidnapped his own daughter by Hernandez. You expect the author to print his head around the corner of the screen and say, "How are their apples?" Somewhere underneath all the laziness is the germ of a good idea, even though it is too scary to ever be quite clear what the idea really is, but the performance is pure. Rising Sun: The Archie Bunker version, shot like an R-rated 80s music video with a shameful and rather lazy cabin shoot an up-and-blow final that a small machine-awarding sidekicks army see, suddenly appear on the free body composition. The last of Bronson is mostly bad in various collaborations with J. Lee Thompson ?? and unfortunately Thompson's last film as director - it is a bad mark for two undervalued players who have never been so wise about what photos they said yes.
