Blood Legacy begins with the arrival of attorney Tom Drake (Norman Bartold) at the Dean estate formerly owned by Christopher Dean (John Carradine). At his arrival he was greeted by Mr. Dean's four children, Gregory (Jeff Morrow) his wife, Laura (Merry Anders), Victoria (Faith Domergue), Johnny (Richard Davalos) and Leslie (Brooke Mills) and her fella Carl Isenberg (John Smith). Drake is recording the fact that they are unwilling to be with Father's being. After his death, the 136 million dollar estate should be divided equally among his four children. If anyone were to die, the money would be equally divided between the rest To die the freaky servants Elga (Ivy Bethune), Igor (Buck Kartalian) and the more mean Frank (John Russell) would fall the lot. Well, not satisfied with a quarter-share of $ 136 million (it's still almost $ 35 million back in 1971, which isn't bad for me), someone decides they want it all for themselves. It is not long before decomposed heads pop up. the fridge ... <br /> <br /> Written, manufactured and directed by Roy Monson Blood Legacy has disappointed me on two accounts. For the first time, this film's alternative and much more common title is Legacy of Blood, which is also the title of an obscure horror movie directed by Andy Milliagn in '78 which I have always wanted to see. Both films are often mixed as both have similar stories and when I checked my screen cable TV guide for Legacy of Blood, I was excited to say it was the Milligan movie and even listed him as a director. When I actually sat down to see it, I heard John Carradine's voice and I. then it knew it wasn't the Milligan movie I wanted to see, my heart sank. Then, of course, the simple but undeniable straight ahead is that Blood Legacy is a total total piece of shit that is literally painful to watch. The writing by Monson & Eric Norden is slow, dull and extremely predictable. The character is absolutely bizarre in an annoying way, the freak of a servant who asks his sister (?) To sniff him, the strange set of brothers and sisters who are just really untenable and so far removed from reality that any tension or mystery that is lacking in the simplistic whodunit story is lacking, and then there is the awful strife you can guess within the first 10 minutes. It's boring to watch, it's bad and it's just a task to even think about it. Please, someone saves me, because it's really bad things. I could go all day about how bad Blood Legacy I could really do. <br /> <br /> Director Monson either worked with no existing budget or judged that he should not even drive traffic. The whole movie looks ugly, it is poorly photographed and there is no atmosphere or fear. The blood and gore are soft, there is an ax in a head, a bare head, a scene when someone is killed by wasp and the best murder when someone's face is eaten by piranha. However, there are questions about this scene, so there is the victim, right. There is the tank of Piranha, right. Victims head is placed in Piranha tank, right. Pirahna eats victims face, right. Water remains crystal clear despite the fact that the victim eats his face, where is the blood? Technically, Blood Legacy is horrible, it looks terrible, the sound is shot dead and it's mumbled and hard to hear which consideration The terrible dialogue might be a blessing in disguise. The acting was not someone who earned an award that was certain, least said about it the better. <br /> <br /> Blood Legacy is a horrible movie, there really isn't a single positive aspect to it or if I can't think of it. Do yourself a favor and don't bother with this one, there are much better movies out there.
