I hired the video of "The Piano Teacher" to know nothing other than what was written on the video box. I did it with some tension, because movies that earn Cannes awards are usually very good or very bad. Unfortunately, this one falls into the latter category. About a quarter of the way in that I told myself aloud: "This movie is boring." About half I said to myself, "Where have I seen it before?" At the three quarter I figured it out. <br /> <br /> Despite its literary origin, this movie is essentially a remake of Robert Altman's much earlier (1969), and better, "That Cold Day in the Park." Although the details are obviously different and Altman's work was more plot-driven and less character study, the two films are theme-identical. There is nothing to see in this production. Every aspect of this has been done previously: a character out of control with increasingly self-destructive behavior (Abel Ferrara's "Bad Lieutenant" 1992); a perverse and doomed 'love' that culminates in an operational (near) death scene (David Cronenberg's "M. Butterfly" 1993); unusually brutal sex scenes (David Lynch's "Blue Velvet" 1986); and so on. That is why I was amazed by the fact that so much the film considered "shocking", "shattered" and so on. This highly-derived movie appears to have been made for the sole purpose of making viewers uncomfortable. However, I largely give such a response to a lack of movie viewing experience. See enough movies and you will eventually see it. And while it's true that I've seen the "R-rated" version, I doubt the additional scenes will change my general opinion of "The Piano Teacher". <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is not without merit. There are some very good camera work and the lighting is excellent. Isabelle Huppert's deserving performance also helps to avoid wasting time. This is the first of Haneke's films I have seen, and if I could see more, I expect that I would have the same opinion of what I had from Ferrara. An interesting director, but not nearly the genius, makes others of him. . Rating: 4/10.
