I've been a fan of all things, Bill Maher for 15 years, but this movie was disappointing and sometimes disgusting. Of course, I'm Catholic, come from a well-educated family and go to church of my own will, which will probably end up with a few Bill's opinions. <br /> <br /> Bill's problem is that he assumes religion is uniformly negative. He is correct in documenting its sociological aspects, that is, one faith builds its holidays on top of another and that many wars have begun due to religion (or more accurately by the sinister occupation of men to the ultimate and indisputable authority of God), but it said he never looked at his positive side. Frankly, I think hell will freeze before Bill will ever humiliate him and travel to the slums of Calcutta where Mother Theresa spends her life on the poorest of the poor. She is of course dead now, but he can easily visit the Jesuit priest in East LA who runs Homeboy Industries. It works with young men who usually work with gang and prison backgrounds to teach their career skills, remove their tattoos and visit responsible US members, or visit the USC's Advanced Catholic Studies Institute, some of the world's best theologians, diplomats and bringing investment bankers together to study ways to ethically integrate the world's poorest countries into global capital markets, thereby improving the standard of living for half of the world's people living at less than $ 1 a day. Of course, he won't do that because it will require him to consider evidence that doesn't easily fit into his preconceived beliefs about religion, and it's so much easier to continue making clever, superficial jokes. <br /> <br /> It fits the other big problem with Bill's movie, which he never subjected to anyone at his level or who is better than him. In this movie you spent Maher the Cornell degree spending most of his time on truck drivers at a nondominational Christian truck stop service, in a nightclub with a Dutch man who has been smoking all the time, with the minister of a shopping church in Miami claiming to be the reincarnation of Christ, and with an actor who plays Jesus at a "Holy Land" temple park. <br /> <br /> What you won't see in Bill's movie, over a superficial speculation along a Ph.D in Grand Central Station that religion changes the brain chemically like drugs, and that religion is the failure of Tradition on the masses, any kind of serious and interrogating interviews with philosophy and theology professors of schools such as Notre Dame, BYU, or Wheaton College, can easily reassert him in a debate on the matter. You will not have a serious discussion of any of C.S.'s writings. Lewis, G.K. Chesterton, or any papal encyclopedias, and of course you will not find any discussion whatsoever of any of the non-Abrahamic (Judaism, Christianity and Islam) religions. All you get at the end of the day is a handbook example of a derogatory, sneaky elite from the west of LA that makes a movie for its own kind and understands absolutely no gut level whatsoever of how the other half from America who chose George W. Bush (twice), live their lives or the mindset behind. <br /> <br /> I get a lot of what Bill says, but for someone who has his intellect and influence, this film was nothing less than pathetic. Anyone interested in the kind of intellectual fermentation that brings in documentary types can find more stimulation in an old repetition of the Teletubbies.
