I rented it briefly after renting Ben Stein's "Outsourcing" and thought it would be interesting to compare it. Before I go further, it just seems fair that I point out the following, so a reader can see if I am harmed or not. I'm trying to be objective for the record. <br /> <br /> I tend to enjoy Maher's HBO performance from time to time, although I rarely think he's the source of humor. I don't really care for his rebellion. But he occasionally makes good points on the show, and I kept being Politically Wrong, though he was still fairly politically correct (which I regard as a negative because the term Orwellies or at least fascist sounds). As for my religious views, I will say for the sake of simplicity that I am a non-denominator. Christian with some objections and some agnostically mixed. <br /> <br /> It is said, it is a bad "documentary" for reasons not yet touched by many reviewers - although the ones mentioned are also valid. The reason why it is not convincing is not only that he argued the main issue without letting others speak (and his point is not logical either, it's just "really?" This is not a point, just " a question, try David Hume if you want a decent argument.). The reason why it is not convincing lies in its lack of expertise on the subject. I saw it about 2 months ago and I just remember talking to one person whose credentials were called a professional if he was not a minister. There are probably hundreds of scientists or at least professors with Masters or Doctoral degrees who are prepared to do some oral sparring, especially in the fields of history, anthropology or a host of others. <br /> <br /> Comparing it with Ben Stein's "Chosen: No Intelligence Allowed", he will find Stein interviewing 30 credible professors, professionals, clergy, and so on. He does this with a variety of sources with different backgrounds. He also made a point in his film about freedom of thought and education. Maher could easily have done wrong through the theocratic rules through centuries or persecutions. Instead, he refers idiotically to the secular totalitarian regimes of the 20th century as proof of why secularism needs more socio-political power !! (It's in the bonus features where he stands before the Anne Frank house I think.) This is a true Orwell main road. He especially blames Christianity on very useless deaths - which had its share, though much smaller than most !! - without even having a basic view of the evidence. Perhaps this is because the argument by secular humanism's unfortunate 20th-century record was only obscured. <br /> <br /> Another sharp weakness is his reluctance to talk to someone who will be regarded as a moderate or average "practitioner. He picks up the worst gazelle from the herd. "How do the evidence that the existence of exceptions move to reject the general rule? It does not. Wow, so do people in cults think outside the norm? How relieved to know. Great work Maher! Again, this will be quite easy to question someone like Laurence Vance and take up his job to withhold the idea of ​​"patriotic duty", which requires a person to fight in any war in which his country is involved. <br /> <br / > Beyond all He's just not that funny. Some of the cuts that are cleverly "out of context / improper ways can yield a laugh, but mostly work to illustrate how a real contextual argument from Maher NOT will not come, much less convincing. He spends most of his time on basking Christians, extinction spits, and interrogators he doesn't allow to answer his questions. <br /> <br /> For the record, there are good questions to ask honestly from religious people and many have to ask themselves. He hardly touches any of these. I get the feeling that most of his interrogation could respond much better than the people he questioned, but the whole series of cover stacks in terms of what was included and worked out.
