Some funny pieces, but come Bill! A movie? Quoting Zeitgeist? Watch the TV Show and the interviews, but a movie? I'm probably overreacting, but what an unnecessary challenging movie ... I don't know. I laughed, disagreed, agreed ... this movie is very confusing and contradictory. <br /> <br /> Bill is a funny guy ... but also very crap ... Bill's rhetoric is similar to Bill Hicks, a brilliant comedian. But like many comedians, the boundary between comedy and preaching can be annoying. I think the big problem in this movie is its lack of sensitivity. It can only be a personal taste, but comedy that constantly makes up for someone cannot be considered the truth. Of course, bill is emotionally reactive to religious fundamentalism. I agree with Bill that religious fanaticism is not meaningful, but its response cannot be meaningful. This will cause unnecessary unrest. We can do better than just respond to fundamentalism. His conclusion is that "we don't know" and he fervently tries to convince the viewer that nobody knows anything, to the point that the agnostic community is concerned about its lack of serious research into comparative religion. His humility he just knows he doesn't do is a contradiction because he tries to insist that all religious thoughts are not meaningful. <br /> <br /> I had a lot of trouble seeing some Zeitgeist, the movie in Bill's movie. All the astrology-influenced non-sense that simplifies all religions as the same is simply disappointing. Zeitgeist provoked much controversy and finalized the validity of so much of the valuable Religion Studies scholarship. It is very sad how wrong facts are thrown away without reliable scientific sources. Astro-mystical sources that reduce everything to "the stars say it all" appear from the Middle Ages. This film is a confusing statement of a confused "agnostic". Agnosticism is much more complex and philosophically academic than defending every single problem as "we do not know". <br /> <br /> This film is a clear proof of how postmodernism could overload human problems and generalize. <br /> <br /> Watch the movie (it has hilarious interviews and bits), but don't do like Bill. You can't expect someone to have an adult conversation if you make sardonic comments in every other line. His arguments techniques are humiliating and insulting, challenging emotional reactions rather than rational and logical reasoning. There must be a more mature way to deal with these issues.
