John Boorman's 1998 The General is considered a great return, although it is difficult to see why the evidence of the film itself. One of the three films that year produced famous Northern Irish criminals Martin Cahill (along Ordinary Decent Criminal and Vicious Circles). It has an abundance of incident and style (the film was shot in color, but released in B&W Scope in some areas), but makes absolutely no impact and goes on forever. With a main character threatening witnesses, doctors from car bombs cause a hundred people to lose their jobs, try to sell off the sexually abused daughter of one of his gangs to keep from jail and one of his own to a pike table. too spike. Still a popular local legend remains an attractive enough personality for his wife not only to approve, but to actually represent a mania for a trio with her sister. It needs a charismatic central display to sell the character and the movie. It doesn't. Instead, it is messing with what Brendan Gleeson's worst and most uninteresting performance can be: he delivers his lines and stands in the right place, but there is nothing about a local hero or the inner workings of a complex character to suggest. On the positive side, it doesn't help to fly over a character who is nothing more than a selfish scoundrel, but it is contrary to a script that seems to us to love him and his fiancé. <br /> <br /> There is a small portion that picks up interest when the IRA swears a local hate campaign against the "general" and his men and paints them as an anti-social "drug dealer, simply because Cahill doesn't his booty will share with a robbery, but his temporary resolution is so vaguely shot - something that has to do with Cahill has donated a ballroom and joined the protesters who are expected to find us unloving - it's just thrown away. Things are more successful in the last third, as the printing walls and his army are falling apart, but then it is too late to really care. Adrian Dunbar, Maria Doyle Kennedy and the beautiful Angeline Ball are doing great job in supporting roles, but Jon Voight's hammy Garda police officer says there's more to American sales than moral balance, which offsets Gleeson's comatose too much involvement with that as a total miscarriage. Come back Zardoz, everything is forgiven.
