As with any movie genre, there are good gangster movies and there are bad gangster movies. If you asked me to call a good gangster movie, I have decades to choose from. If you asked me to call a bad gangster movie, it's probably the first one to appear in my mind, one that made me another kind of depression a week ago, since I first saw the movie and I promise you the last time. That movie is "The General", not related to the 1926 silent movie of the same name. It is a very dry, very slow gangster epic that does not bring questions about the story (it's more than easy to follow), but about why the movie makers preferred to do it rather briefly. <br /> <br /> Like "Goodfellas" (1990) and "American Gangster" (2007) ??? two superior mob movies ??? The general is based on real people and true events. The film revolves around an Irish criminal, called Martin Cahill (Brendan Gleeson), who has started stealing his long chain of crimes as a teenager who steals and robs museums and homes as an adult. Meanwhile, under the leadership of an inspector named Kenny (Jon Voight), police are trying urgently and vigorously to prove one of his crimes and to convince (or kill) him. Maybe because it's a movie in the same category. Like the great "Goodfellas" (1990) and the first two "Godfather" movies, I expected too much from "The General." But it may be too easy. It would have been a bad movie if I didn't see the aforementioned masterpieces before I got bored with boredom in this oater and its far-reaching running time of screaming bad scenes. Let's start knocking the movie just by looking at the style in which it is presented. For some reason, director John Boorman and the movie Seamus Deasy have chosen to film this movie in black and white, while his style and presentation are clearly the elements of a full color film. Now I have nothing against b / w pictures, not even in today's times. "Schindler's List" (1993) was filmed over ninety percent in black and white and it is a masterpiece. "The General", just five years after "Schindler's List" is not. The cinematography is also blown too high with high-lighting keys that look very distracting and give the movie a very video-like quality that I just found annoying. The filmmakers, of course, went looking for a realistic documentary style, such as "Schindler's List", but failed to make it look too much like a documentary and at the same time too much like a classic-style movie. Performances in the film series from passable to arm. Brendan Gleeson and Jon Voight gave decent roles to their roles, but it sometimes seemed to me that even they came from the horrible script they quoted. The sound design is also very primitive, probably in an effort to give it a 40-year-old crime noir appeal, but it also fails because it is too much like a contemporary picture and looks extremely exaggerated. <br /> <br /> But the worst thing that happens is that there is not one ?? character in the movie in which I experienced any emotions or opinions. In fact, for every moment of every scene, the only thought going through my head was "okay, so what?" Moments that can be exceeded in a better film than shocking or horrible are just dull and time consuming. I didn't sympathize or hate the Brendan Gleeson character because the way the Cahill character is written is simply flat and boring. Gleeson only plays the common criminal and does not stop with the real Martin Cahill's impact. If a character is killed (as always in gangster movies), we feel nothing. No remorse, no relief, no surprise, nothing. We just say "so what?" And that's all I've done during the whole run of this very faint, very weak crime movie.
