Written by a woman, and directed by another. Whoppie. Are we in for a feminist ride or whatever. Stuck your seat belts, ladies, because we are going to enter a world of common men and innocent, well-conscious women. <br /> <br /> In this soup Trish comes across a man in the service agency that looks, looks, and dresses like a pimp (!) and gives her a job hoping to get her a little later nail. In his office, he even touched her chin like a megalomaniac in a Bond movie a girl would just touch after he caught her and just before being ready to kill her next to Bond. A while later, the pimp / in-service Trish bumps into a ladies' dressing room, makes her troublesome and even comes close to her rape. Oh, these evil, evil people. They're ALL bad, you don't know. You can't even look for work today, without being raped, real ladies? Well, we'll show them! In this movie there is a divorced women's club or something, led by Janet Leigh, who speaks to all women involved in this movie when she says "men are all." His moan about how terrible men are; she was divorced five times. Now, seriously: any woman who marries twenty times and then uses those statistics as an argument that men are all bad, must finally realize that the explanation can lie elsewhere or? It must happen to her that: a) she is a bad judge of male character, or - much more likely - b) she is the one who is impossible to live with - her ex-men were probably the victims, or if they do have a ** holes when she probably got what she deserved. (Don't prove this point like Zsa-Zsa Gabor and Liz Taylor? Show me a lovely woman who is so often married and I will show you a way to reach the planet Mars with only roller skate and a ladder. ) Trish finally meets a computer man who restores her faith in men - but holds your horses; This man seems to be married, and therefore DOES NOT doubt that men are indeed bad at all. Wasn't it for a friendly old vegetable builder around the corner that his wife loves even though she's still dead - proving that all men are bad except for friendly old men whose penises don't work and they can "get nothing" anyway, so they are forced to abandon a life of a ** holochism and ultimately give women the respect they deserve, even the supporting male characters are all "bad"; the black man in the service agency is unfriendly , and the man in the mortuary is rude on the right - and insensitive (the bastard, * sob * ... * sniffle * ??) And what about this wreathy, crowny end? Minutes before court time leaves Trish the claim on any of her husband's money, realizing that she is now "free" and that she can finally jump into the pool ... ?? What is it all about? Her jump in the pool is then - very predictable - frame-free if the credits start playing, while life-inspiring I-don't-need-revenge-of-my-man gel d music starts to kick. Her girlfriends are shocked at her abandonment of money claims, but they do not remain shocked for a long time, and soon start joking about what a heart attack, Trish's lawyer, will get if he hears about it. The shyster lawyer is of course a man. An evil, bad, terrible "bad" man, whose only interest in this world is money ... Oh, these men; everything they care about is money; they know nothing about the higher values ​​in life - such as shopping. I'm glad we have movies like this; They bring the generations closer together, but above all, they teach girls and young women that men are all horny, selfish, dress-hunting bastards who will get you into a world of poverty and misery the first chance they get. So, girls, open your mouth and put your tongue in your mouth's mouth. Lesbian Power!
