I recently worked through a collection of Lugosi movies, and I was blown away just a few days ago by the combination of Lugosi and Boris Karloff in "The Black Cat". I really look forward to seeing their collaboration in "The Crow." Oh, it just didn't work for me, and by the end of the movie I was quite disappointed. <br /> <br /> For the first three quarters of this movie or so, I thought the story had no real tension. Lugosi did a good job of keeping things together than the somewhat crazy dr. Vollins, some surgical genius who falls in love with a young woman (Irene Ware), who has treated him to a car accident, but who cannot have her - partly because she is engaged, and partly because her father (Samuel S. Hinds) disapprove. To deal with the situation, he uses the help of Edmond Bateman (Boris Karloff) - a terribly ugly man who wants Vollins to make him more acceptable. Apart from Lugosi's performance, however, I found little to keep my interest. Then, suddenly, in the last fifteen or twenty minutes, the film moves completely around. Suddenly it gets shocking, but I thought Lugosi's performance fell apart, mainly because the movie moved him from evil to insane - and there's a difference. He plays the "crazy" role very well in control and in control, but evil. "Insane" is a more out of control evil, and I didn't think Lugosi pulled it off well. At one point, he offers some manic laughs just like counterfeiting. Meanwhile, Karloff was a big disappointment. He never grabbed me. Aside, it must have shrunk at Lugosi that - in movies in which they die - Karloff gets the best bill, although in "The Raven" it is clear Lugosi is the lead. It certainly gives an indication of how Universal classified their two major horror sites - inexplicably, I add, because I've always thought of Lugosi as the better actor of the two. <br /> <br /> Anyway, there is no real connection here to Edgar Allen Poe's story "The Raven" - except that Vollins is a Poe fanatic, who tries some of Poe's torture techniques. to recreate stories. Overall, a disappointment. 10/04.
