Previous commentator Steve Richmond said a run on the moon was, in his words "not worth your $ 7". I finally paid a little more than what to import which is one of the worst quality DVDs I've ever seen, of this movie or any movie that exists. Even if you ignore the fact that the DVD is clearly from an interlaced master and is just filthy, the movie has no redeeming features (except Anna's presence) to ensure the best quality Blu-Ray transmission. Not that it's the mistakes of the other actors. Liev Schreiber, Diane Lane, Tovah Feldshuh, and Viggo Mortensen kick high on the relationship with Anna Paquin acting ability card. Much more than Holly Hunter or Sam Neill anyway, despite an equally lousy script. Director Tony Goldwyn's resume is nothing to rave, but Pamela Gray's resume contains West Craven's most dramatic outings outside the horror or slasher genre, so one can be forgiven for being a bad one. <br /> <br /> As I mentioned, the only reason I watched this movie is Anna Paquin. In her acting debut, she literally acted as veterans of the industry with a minimum of twelve years of experience under her table. While not so far ahead of her role-players, her performance is like a girl who started the piece as a brat and grows into a woman whose world is crashing around her. Her Oscar was not a curse. For some time I have told friends she would be the best choice to portray the heroine of my second full novel, and a seventy-three minute dialogue in this movie is another demonstration of why. This woman could literally finish painting the walls. Anna separately, only Liev Schreiber comes close to letting any sympathy of an audience. Certainly, his character spends the vast majority of the film neglecting a woman with an existential crisis, but he plays the anger reaction of a man who feels brilliantly cheated. I have to know, even if it's not under the same circumstances here. <br /> <br /> Viggo Mortensen also earns credit for his portrayal of a traveling salesman, although perhaps not to the same extent. In a way, he is the villain of the piece, but he successfully gives the character a third dimension. Yes, his actions even after the whole thing exploded, are subdued, but not many men will act differently in his situation. No one wants to be the other man in this kind of mess, so Viggo deserves a lot of credit to try it out here. Unfortunately, all of them are part of a story about a woman trapped in a stagnant marriage, where Tovah Feldshuh tells us that the Mills And Bean archetype of women is the only one who feels, passes, simply does not exist. no. Author Pamela Gray or director Tony Goldwyn thought they could just put this line in the movie without thinking how the audience could get it. Anna even gets the mind of the audience when she asks Diane who she has to teach someone about responsibility. <br /> <br /> It says the movie does have a few things except Anna. Mason Daring's original music, while not in any way, gives the film a certain sense of being portrayed at the time to help where the other elements do not. Roger Ebert is right when he points out that while Liev is a good actor, with Viggo in the story of a woman forced to choose between her marriage, her fantasy is a big mistake. He is also very correct in the fact that when the film about scenes of Lane and Mortensen skinny dips or falls under a waterfall, it loses the focus of being a violation and becomes soft porn. The film seems to be confused by the position of his story. No matter how many times I relive Liev's scenes, but I can't help but feel he is short of direction or editing. One does not have to make their leaders particularly beautiful or beautiful, but taking steps to make them the most interesting or developed characters in the play would have been a long way. <br /> <br /> Ebert also puts the nail right on the head when he says that every time he sees Anna on the screen, he thought her character was where the real story lies. Stories about the woman's feeling neglected and running in the arms of a man who looks interesting or even dangerous is a dozen a dozen, to the extent that even the story takes place in parallel with an event like the moon landing as the moon landing does not help. Despite the aversion to the way her character's story is presented, Anna can also walk around with her neon board and ask the audience if they don't want to see the whole thing through her eyes. While I am aware that it is difficult to determine exactly which character your audience finds most interesting from your game, it is quite as if they have not tried with Lane and Schreiber. Fans of these two will be advised to look elsewhere. Hopefully, my ramblings will give an idea of ​​where the whole thing went wrong about the various performances. <br /> <br /> I gave a trip three times on the moon. Anna Paquin earned it a bonus point with one of her best achievements (and it says something).
