Recently, I had the opportunity to see a print of this title in Kansas City (Olathe, KS.). It is hard for me to be a loved one than me, to report the following, but the truth sometimes hurts, and frankly after I put these tripe (I use the snake definition here - worthless statements or writing) For an hour and a half, I feel compelled to share any stake (WARN). Let's start at the beginning, a good place to start as always. The first 15 minutes are not really that bad, some laugh and decent development, but then it's downhill from there. This is the story of a woman, in her mid-thirties, who (as the author wants you to believe) is unhappy with her life and unfulfilled. The first big problem happens if you don't know it, you won't know if it is suddenly the danger to me, in my opinion, a very fearless and unlikely deal with a local salesman. There is little development (drastically insufficient development) to justify her actions for the cause she has, and when it does, one feels like me that she has only a low moral character. The word "slut" comes to mind, hopefully they will drop it and post the comment. It is, in my opinion, the first deadly mistake of the film. If you are married or ever fell in love, whether you are male or female, it will take you down. Honestly, I feel that it would make a much better "blue movie" - that is the level in my opinion that the script is deserving. The second fatal error is the decision, Diane Lane just didn't work for me here, and Viggo Mortensen is not the right man for the job, believe me. The only saving grace for the entire film is Anna Paquin, the depth of her ability as a good actress shining in places that carry a subtle but many stumps (I apologize for the dichotomy, but it is accurate) portraying an emerging teenager. Bravo, well done. I'm not going to finish, but I was disappointed as I was billed as part of life. Romance is one thing ... but an end like that .... Well, if it poked you enough to see this picture, don't say I didn't warn you, but you look better fast. If this celluloid is released, I doubt it will be four weeks before it burns in flames. I want to say wait for the video, but the free sex education bands at most video rentals have more entertainment value. Hmmm, Dustin Hoffman made it, you think he'll learn after Ishtar. This film once wore the work title "Blouse Man" and had to be left on the rack. If you never wanted to go to a movie, give it one 35-40 minutes. The only thing that you keep up with is Anna Paquin, if you can relieve the fact that you will dream your mind Or not, you pulled out the garbage before moving home. This is probably where you first stayed if you went to the movie to see this one. It's me two cents for what it's worth.
