As the world's snooker championship finals were finished in a premature and disappointing way with Ronnie O`Sullivan, Greame Dott passed 18 frames to 8. BBC 2 found a gap in their schedule and decided to launch a MOVE ON THE MOON a movie I absolutely had. no knowledge <br /> <br /> I missed a few seconds of title credits, so it had no idea, Viggo Mortensen succeeded and thought it might be a cheap TVM, definitely opening with mawkish Pearl and Marty who made their kids a summer camp the kind of made for TV although the brightly lit (too clear) cinematography predicted it was a movie and it was not to the appearance of Viggo Mortensen as hippy man Walker that I realized. was a theater release, someone from Mortensen's stature will not die in a TVM, I think it's like a legend like Robert DeNiro that appears in a straightforward video. Wait a minute, didn't Bob ...? <br /> <br /> Some people on this site mentioned that Pearl and Marty are unconvincing and I agree. I can understand why Pearl would be attracted to exciting, hippy guy, but have no idea why Walker would be lured into ordinary housewife Pearl. The sixties were ahead of me, but certainly if you have the choice between hippy chicks and bored housewives, this is not really a choice. Remember you took many people in those days LSD, so I think it explains it. <br /> <br /> I feel the big problem of a WALK ON THE MOON comes down to the fact that it is a romantic drama at heart (Just as you expected in a TVM) with various age scenes, So why include a fairly explicit sex scene? It whistles with the rest of the movie and is possibly to the menopausal women who were something 20 in 1969. I might say because the movie also looks like a tea market with the arrival of age scenes and those teens are likely to be bored with the historical and social context of the man running on the moon and Woodstock. In other words, a WALK ON THE MOON tries to attract many kinds of audience, but will probably not rely on any of their profession
