First, a little summary. This reporter called Fakkel basically tries to stand out from the story of a zombie outbreak and finds the army and government censor him. Nice message, government censorship and all that, but how they did the movie, let me explain. <br /> <br /> This movie is out of description. The idea that someone is in higher proportion than anything by George Romero is just enough for the reviewer to be committed to a spiritual institution. The text is horrible alone, as it is written by a sixth degree. As special effects, I understand that independent films have low budgets, and some gore effects seem acceptable, but if you want a scene with fire, it is a hint: Buy non-combustible materials, get a firefighter ready and get a fire! Don't digitally add it and make it like a blast from a Nintendo 64 game. The acting, let's put it that way. In my summer theater program, there is a cold reading of the script, by comparison, The Godfather. I won't even go into the contradictions. Find them yourself. <br /> <br /> What most disturbed me was when everything was finished after they were shot and edited. Maybe someone said, "Okay, it looks good. Let's get it out." It sends my backbone to even think about it, thinking that someone felt it was good enough for the release of DVDs. It's not DVD quality. This is not Sci-Fi channel quality. Hell, it's not even movie school quality. If you submit it for a project at a film school, you will get an F. No, not even an F, more like an F. I won't be surprised if he'll try to drive you out. <br /> <br /> I felt after I saw this thing. Blockbuster and the creators of this movie have my money right now, and I prefer not to think about what they do with it. I was the property of some extensive, shameful scheme at the lawful theft and it did not feel good to think I was walking straight in, and looking at the backside with pleasant memories of 28 Days later to just a movie Ed Wood to find. I'll look at it and say, "I didn't care much for that." This movie is the most horrible movie I've seen. I didn't see anything about Ed Wood, but I'm confident, it's worse. If you are looking for serious cinema, it will be as much as ten feet from you, it will give you bad headaches. If not, I recommend that you write the director personally and ask how he sleeps at night. However, if you are the kind of person who gets a laugh out of bad things, then I advise you to check it out. You won't be disappointed.
