As you may have learned from the title, I sincerely believe that this movie is the worst zombie movie of all time. The acting, camera work, writing, special effects and anything else related to this movie remotely sucked. People argued that while this movie acted terribly and terribly produced, but it came through with a witty intelligent writing. Wow. The plot has more holes than I or anyone else can count. To start with, why would the government tell everyone to go back to work when it is not safe? I know the government is supposed to be angry, but they deserve nothing by murdering the entire population of the country. There will be no one to rule! Another thing I wondered about, even though the government said everyone should go to work, why would people go if the streets swarm with zombies? Were the zombies hiding in the bushes and embraced the unsuspecting people to help the government in their plot kill everyone on the planet? And how about the end? The stupid Torch man gives up his life to get some close-ups of the zombies. He probably forgot that every camera made over the past 35 years has a zoom feature. And another thing, why does he say Hindenburg before he dies. The Hindenburg was a rare event seen by very few people. The zombie threat will be seen by everyone in the country, possibly the world. He doesn't think anyone else will get a few photos? They also managed to destroy the only semi-interesting scene in the movie when the soldier watches the exotic dancer. Why did the zombie hide behind a curtain for five minutes before the girl was attacked? Especially when the zombie came through the door. It's probably just something that an unwise zombie movie fan like myself doesn't understand. Every day I pray that God will increase my brain capacity long enough so that I can feed all the subtle nuances of the Mass. <br /> <br /> Anyone, it's interesting that it's the first movie that gave me. The desire to physically injure the people involved in the production. Hey Trent Haaga, I'll call you out!
