I couldn't believe this horrible movie was actually made. With the worst actors you could find, the worst writing was written (Mark Frost & Sollace Mitchell) and by far the worst time loss in the look. I won't judge the story because it's really not worth it. But I will expand on some of the performances and certainly the story. Regarding the story, it is very difficult to believe that this bitter crazy twilight can actually do what she did. That woman can't really defend herself against a bit of a thing. That man can actually find the mulberry attractive. That the defense attorney can break every court rule was there and continue to do so after the judge ordered the blanket to be empty. And the final result of the film is an insult to justice, movie codes and the male species. The theme of this mess is to have women do what they want, kill who they want, defend the killer and get away, while the man in jail pushes the innocent victim into jail. Hard to believe that Sollace Mitchell, the director and a man, even wants to make this dribble. <br /> <br /> Regarding the acting: Jordan Ladd, the murderer, is terrible. A loony tone, which made the needle point during her murder trial (was it allowed in court?) She bored me. Another look at her batting her eyes and showing how innocent she was and I want to throw. She is not even attractive enough for any guy to leave his wife. The man, who is played on one level by Vincent Spano, seems to be stupid and acting most of the time. He was so predictable in his performance that he fell into the garbage in all the women who surrounded him. The furthest furthest was Holland Taylor as the defense tourist. She acted throughout the film and made a mockery of justice. If she would explore me at any time, I would have told her to go for a walk. Everyone else in this thin movie did their job as indicated. <br /> <br /> I wish I could give this movie a zero rating. However, we must start with 1. Too bad. Let's have no more painful watching movies like this. Life can do better, then I know it. <br /> <br /> It's a postcard: Made the mistake of accidentally changing this unresolved movie. As soon as I saw the bimbo Jordan Ladd, I knew I had seen it before and didn't like it or her. Not only did I turn off the darn thing, but had to add anger to people like Sollace Mitchell who wrote the script, but also this terrible movie. No one sees that his / her message is that sickness is being paid. To be sick and to kill, people are good with this director / writer. Make the male species idiotic. Well, this guy tells you to do it somewhere painful. We are not so foolish and will come out on your so-called film, which must be hidden in this person's mind. <br /> <br /> Again, this loser is shown. Why ???? Can't read the comments on this stupid and despicable movie? Are we constantly exposed to seeing the bimbo Jordan Ladd again and again? Get her TV, movies and out of sight. She's just terrible in every sense of the word. Wow !!!!
