This is an unfair and reprehensible piece of garbage, which definitely wants to be a Friday the 13th (1980) clone. The poster for this movie seems to be a kind of cross between Jason and Freddy, who is likely to attract filmmakers. There is nothing good or entertaining about this movie about this movie. It just makes me sad, just think some people are going to stumble on Sleepaway Camp II: Unhappy Campers (1988) on video or DVD, wasting their time with this sad, cynical, depressing movie. <br /> <br /> Angela Baker (Pamela Springsteen) is a camp counselor at Camp Rolling Hills, who hopes that the other campers are as nice as they are and that they stay out of trouble. Meanwhile, the other campers realize that people are disappearing one by one, with Angela apologizing for having to send them home. Can Angela be the killer, who was once a man who had previously undergone a sex-change operation? Who knows? Who cares? <br /> <br /> The 1980s were home to many movies that made the cross between the Mad Slasher and Dead Teenager genres, in which a mad killer is going to berserk. Some have a plot, some do, but they are all as bad as this one. Sleepaway Camp II: Unfortunate campers are 80 minutes of teens who are imported, and then stabbed, wrinkled, caught up, chopped, burned and mutilated. That's all this movie is. This is not fearless, bloody violence. <br /> <br /> To watch this movie, I am reminded of the Friday 13th movies, which was the message for its viewers that the primary function of teenagers should be beaten to death. The Sleepaway Camp II movie makers have every right to be ashamed. Imagine the sick message this movie presents to its teenage lovers: "The world is a totally evil place," says this movie, "and it will kill you. No matter what your dreams or hope is. No matter whether you have a new boyfriend or a new friend, it doesn't matter what you think, what you do or what your plans are for the future, you can forget about the plans, because you're just going to die exciting. "<br /> <br /> And the worst thing is - and by not giving away too much - making the movie just a sequel. Well why not? They've probably taken the bucket to the cesspool by making three or four of these movies. I missed out on the original Sleepaway Camp (1983), and after watching his first successor, I will hopefully stay away from the other sequels as well as the original one. And for parents, if you know kids who actually like this movie, they shouldn't have their children dated.
