His Christmas Eve and lazy and submissive housewife Della (Kim Basinger) receive some violent threats from her infamous and abusive husband. Leaving her twin children in bed, she dares for a last-minute shopping at the local mall. It's getting there and finding a parking space is impossible. Della clashes with one motorist who parks in two spaces. She let them say a letter that says so much. Back to her car after visiting the shops, she was confronted by some yobs, Yup, the owners of the car, she gave her a letter, they were very angry and wanted to be with her, a friendly security guard help her, but things get out of hand and the guard is shot, Della flees with the now murderous yobs in pursuit, they shoot at her, she loses control of her car and falls in, quickly grabs her toolbox from the drum, she hides in a deserted yard, but is soon caught just before they try to rape and kill her. From her magical gearbox, she produces a wrench that wounds their leader Chuckie. She manages to escape into the nearby forest again. One of the gangs is being killed. , it just happens to the black guy. Here the night gets worse for everyone involved as a deadly game of cat and mouse. A similar plot line to Eden Lake has drawn me on this, but that is where the equations end. It is a brainless and dumb movie that is shockingly written and terribly performed by everyone involved. The Disney esquire twin children are horrible to watch, but she's Lukas Haas as Chuckie, who has to do the plaintiffs in the bad acting department, though he gets a run for his money through the equally dreadful man. As a movie, its plot line is completely delimited. Even early in the drafting of Della's cellphone, she died, and her credit card in stores was canceled by her hubby and she had no cash and his Christmas Eve. Now where can they go with that? The only surprising part of this $ hit is when she killed all the bad guys with the contents of her magic wand, she asks Chuckie to visit her if my jaw was not on the floor. would probably have slapped on the floor. even the end is messed up, all the feminist neighbors who want their pounds of meat are totally disappointed. I didn't think I could be disappointed, but then I saw that Guillermo del Toro produced this drink.
