I really don't want to compare Martin Scorsese's Cape Fear to the classic 1962 Cape Fear movie, but I can't help it. Not only am I a big fan of Robert Mitchum and Gregory Peck with the Cape Fear, but when Scorsese includes screens from the previous movie (Cady which constitutes the keys to the ignition, but dies) and even Bernard Herrmann's score through Throughout the film, he doesn't give me many opportunities to make a comparison, because I can't help but think of the classic Cape Fear almost every scene. When comparing Scorsese's version of Cape Fear to the classic version, the remake comes from the classic ruins; But even when the film is taken on its own, it's still bad. <br /> <br /> Scorsese and scriptwriter Wesley Strick not only restored the 1962 Cape Fear scene, but they tried to do things differently. Unfortunately, this is one of the movie's problems. Gone is the original crazy and animal-like Max Cady who comes out for personal revenge, the Max Cady in the 1991 version is a religious fanatic to save Sam Bowden, and who is in contact with his female side (his words, not mine) . Also away is the uprising and seen strong Sam Bowden in the classic Cape Fear movie. The Sam found in 1991 is very goofy, Magoo, distrust and very unlikely. Even Mrs Bowden is a completely different character - she's crazy when Max Cady is! Sam didn't change either. Sam did not testify against Cady in court to put him in jail, as in the classic version. Sam is now Cady's ex-lawyer who suspects Cady that he doesn't do everything he could to keep him out. jail and is to save him. <br /> <br /> The overall story has changed, and I don't mind too much, but overall writing is also poor everywhere. Other subtotives have been thrown into the mix, which not only distracts from the bigger picture, they are also poorly written. The film also features some frankly absurd scenes and is filled with apathetic and even ridiculous lines that you can't take the least seriously. These aspects go away from the dangerous and exciting nature that the movie has meant, but they also have help in this department. <br /> <br /> Now, the classic version of Cape Fear is exceptionally filmed with brilliant lighting and a powerful, effective suggestive subtlety combined with a bald-based brutality that sparked excitement when the movie called it and a sense of danger in its entirety. However, Scorsese can't do it in his Cape Fear. He gives the movie a cookie cutter from the early 1990s, no sense of danger, no exciting scenes and little style, unless you see the fire and the skyline style. Yes, there is cruel violence and some attempts have been made to increase this Cape Fear than the original, but it ends empty and all the shock, but no awe. <br /> <br /> If everything wasn't enough, the acting wasn't good either. Robert De Niro (who is somehow nominated for an Oscar for his performance) starts well like Max Cady, but he gets worse until he gets nothing more than laughing instead of scared of the end of the movie not. The opposite thing happens to Jessica Lange and her performance of Mrs. Bowden. He will convince most of the film to give a convincing performance of fear and desperation to the end. Like Sam Bowden, Nick Nolte remains the same throughout the film: beige. Juliette Lewis (who also won an Oscar Oscar nomination) is decent enough in her role as Danielle Bowden, but she is encouraged to play a real stupid character and it's hard to really like what we are see her screen. <br /> <br /> This movie often looks like one of the few good remakes, and I can't figure out why. I wanted to have it; I really did - I mean, if there is a repetition of Cape Fear, I'd rather have that one too - but I couldn't. To have nothing to be on its own and to be crushed by the inevitable comparison with the original Cape Fear, I have found that Martin Scorsese's Cape Fear is indeed a very bad movie. The best aspects of the film are Robert Mitchum and Gregory Peck in their supporting roles - go figure.
