First of all, really, Kim Basinger? Your rich banker man leaves you alone in your beautiful, probably cash-paid home, and you can't even put on a decent shirt? I'm a woman, and yes, I'm going to come straight tell it - make something clean, start with your hair. And while you're on it, it's Christmas Eve. Buy your kids a few gifts ... or at least a Christmas tree. Don't drive 40 minutes to the busy shopping center, park your car 3 miles away, and cry all the way in and buy only paper. Also, the next time you decide to give someone a nasty note, don't sign your name. I refuse to feel sorry for Della. Due to the fact that Kim Basinger is this executive producer of this masterpiece, she obviously wants you to feel bad for the poor white blonde woman. We'll get it. Alec Baldwin is a while, but serious, do not model horrible movies to your own life. Also, you are in your 50's. You certainly won't have 8-year-old twins. AND THE NAMES? Terry and Tammy. Away to raise your children with any decent chance to respect themselves. It's also great to hear the characters in the movie, constantly calling her beautiful or referring to her as a "girl" ... of course, me. Basinger said a few about what goes into the writing. It is also wonderful how none of the criminals can fight back. Apparently Della's magical ninja skills are impossible to beat. Her management skills are also pretty good. This movie is so cliché, it hurts. Wahhhhh! They spelled your name incorrectly on the tea cup. Or your husband puts a hole in the wall, but all you can think of is to buy nail polish if you're at the mall, instead of maybe some plaster and paint. Or the woman you went to high school bought the teddy that you watched. Boohooo! The fact that she refuses to wear that BRIGHT trench coat while running through the forest and shouting everything in her way shows me my point - this woman is a moron. Who thinks grabbing the toolbox out of the car, but not their wallet, full of identifying artifacts, such as your ADDRESS. I never wished the "bad guys" would succeed as much as when I watched this movie. And did anyone else attack the "African American" shirt that had the black man's sport? Oh yes, rinse your eyes maybe the most racist stereotype prop in a movie. Don't waste time and twenty minutes of your life. Instead, do what Della couldn't figure out how to do ... take care of your children and don't brush your hair. The powerful ballad at the end, however, was impressive. In the rain, I sing "I'll be House for Christmas", while your bloody arm sticks so tightly to your wrapping paper, it's about as emotional as it gets. Thanks Della!
