The ghost of the Vietnam War has been chasing the American psyche for thirty years. If it's not because tens of thousands of US soldiers went to MIA in Vietnam, or the way in which those returning were treated, then it was the first war that America had said they had lost. Many men have come to shade their former cells from the war, and the original First Blood has managed to give some insight into their problems as they try to turn back into the world, as the saying goes. First Blood Part II, on the other hand, is a little more than a fist pump, which illustrates how bad America can be, both in victory and defeat. Stallone sits in another slow performance than the titular special force commando, while Richard Crenna tries to keep the serious actor quotient. Wherever everything is undone, it's in the script, which didn't do better than being called Missing In Action and played Chuck Norris. What a small look of logic in the original is now gone, as the filmmakers decide to paint a big S on Rambo's massive chest. <br /> <br /> The movie takes a while after the end of First Blood. The film, that is - the novel did not allow the possibility of prosecutions. In this mediocre succession, Rambo was set up to look like a kind of airmine. As he breaks rocks and sweats, a jailer pulls him away to talk to Colonel Trautman, who advises his government to offer him an early release if he goes on a secret mission. Rambo, never one of a hard day's violent work, accepts, and is immediately sent to a covered base in what appears to be Cambodia or Thailand (I forget that). From there he was instructed to find a camp where American MIAs are thought to be held and photographed. His mission clearly indicates that he should not make an effort to secure their release. Rambo, Rambo, has other ideas, despite their possible political implications. <br /> <br /> Of course, things go awry when it appears that the people operating Rambo's work are more interested in making sure no Americans are found MIAs. This is the age-old conspiracy theory and makes no excuse for exploiting the fate of many American families left without a boy during the ten years of the official Vietnam War. Of course, with the Jingoism inherent in American society in the 1980s, they couldn't help but work in a sudden tangent to the Vietnamese army that was in bed with what was apparently a single battalion of Russians. Together, the two antagonists try to extract what information they can get from Rambo, but it falls on them in an orgy of bullets, arrows, rockets and destruction. The only thing missing is the moment Rambo drinks out of a gravy cup and declares himself invincible. <br /> <br /> Honestly, First Blood Part II is a well-photographed and well-styled action spectacle. The hand-to-hand battle with the larger Russian commander is one of the few fights in the movie that has any dramatic tension whatsoever. The rest is just a case of the main actor and the director builds a fantasy for Americans to pump their fist. Fortunately, this chat of America all over action movies soon died when more introspective and intelligent war films such as Platoon started doing the rounds. Some of the shots shown here are pretty creative, despite all the problems. The Vietnamese commander came to an end that many envied an action movie villain. The Russian commander bites it in a way that is so spectacular, because it's ridiculous. Only in an 1980s action movie would one see a law used inside a helicopter. Certainly, there were action movie clips rooted in contradictions of fact, but never this ridiculous. <br /> <br /> I gave Rambo: First Blood Part II a one in ten. It's so bad, it's ridiculous, and so ridiculous that it's often funny. One does not even have to serve in the army to know how stupid some of the action sequences are. The only risk it takes is to make a stupid political statement with what is a heartbreaking subject for those directly involved. Hold the tongue firmly in the cheek and it can be vigilant.
