While the original First Blood had its passing moments, it was at least exciting in parts. In Rambo: First Blood, Part II, the emphasis is shifted to comic book action. Violence is completely rejected; logical nostrils; Stallone becomes so unbearable that there is no doubt that he will succeed in his mission. Just like any other wish fulfillment action of that time (eg Invasion USA, Commando, Red Scorpio), Rambo: First Blood, Part II, cancels his own opportunities for real excitement by fearing a hero. If you can tell the word, Rambo is going to erase hundreds of enemy soldiers, what's left to get excited about? <br /> <br /> In the aftermath of the first film, John J Rambo (Sylvester Stallone), a pardon is offered when he joins a covered operation in the Far East. The year is 1985, and a mission is arranged to find out if any American PoWs are still trapped in Vietnam jungles. Rambo is encouraged to take on the work of his former mentor Colonel Trautman (Richard Crenna), but the command is actually the brainchild of a government dress advocated by Marshall Murdock (Charles Napier). Rambo's work is simply to go to a jail camp and see if it contains any American PoWs? if this is not the case, he must be thrown with a helicopter; If he does, he needs to get photographic evidence of their existence so that they can be saved later. To help him in his quest is a female soldier with local knowledge, the beautiful and inventive Co Bao (Julia Nickson). Sure enough, Rambo discovers that there are PoWs in the camp, but he surpasses his orders by saving one of them ?? When he reaches the rendezvous point, the rescue runner leaves Murdock's orders, which, according to political and military implications, do not really want to find any PWs. Rambo is captured by the enemy and tortured, but after an explosive escape he releases the PoWs and gets revenge on the treacherous Murdock. <br /> <br /> The few good points of the film come from Jack Cardiff's polished photography, Jerry Goldsmith's exciting score, and the sheer professionalism of the stunt team in performing various action antique. Apart from these rare stickers, the movie is a failure. The actors are reduced to macho attitude, the plot is false, the action sequences are silent and unceasing, the dialogue is absurd? even the violence is annoyingly predictable. By the time of his release, America was under the presidency of Ronald Reagan, a man with simplistic and near hysterical anti-communist sentiments. For this reason, contemporary audiences embarked on this Commie bashing shootout as if it were the best movie of all time, which turned it into an undeserved business case success. Fortunately, times have changed? Nowadays, we can see it as a simple action movie with a ridiculously high body number, ridiculously stupid politics and a ridiculous hero.
