By law there should never have been a "First Blood Part II". The original "First Blood" script committed suicide to John Rambo at the end of the film, but it has changed to make him live, not because the producers wanted to make a success, but because the test audiences were depressing the original end found. Nonetheless, someone obviously thought that the character was too good to waste because he ended up as the hero of two more films in the eighties, plus the recently released fourth installment. <br /> <br /> The official title of this movie was "Rambo: First Blood Part II", but it is more commonly known as "Rambo". It starts with the title character in prison, where he presumably leaves the crimes he committed in "First Blood", although it is never made too explicit. He was removed from prison by his former commander, Colonel Trautman, for a secret mission. Rambo returns to Vietnam to investigate reports that US POWs are still being held by the Communist regime. He is under strict instructions not to save any prisoners or to engage the enemy; He is simply a fact-finding mission. <br /> <br /> What Rambo does not realize is that he is being erected, not by Trautman, portrayed as brave, honorable, and incorruptible, but by the missionary's organizer, a military bureaucrat called Murdock. Murdock aims for the mission to prove that there are no US prisoners in Vietnam, partly because it will improve the relations between the US and Vietnamese governments, partly because it will make its own life easier. Unfortunately for Murdock, Rambo discovers that not only Americans are still being held, but also kept in hell. Of course, he is too much of a hero to leave them to their fate and try to save them. The rest of the movie is more or less one long battle between Rambo and some allies (including a beautiful Vietnamese girl) and the evil commando soldiers and their Russian allies. Of course, most of the deaths are dead, although I was surprised to learn from your "trivia" section that the total death toll was as low as 67. Sometimes Rambo seemed to try to eradicate the entire Vietnam army. <br /> <br /> The tone of this movie is very different from the first. In "First Blood" Rambo was undoubtedly a criminal, though his responsibility for his crimes was reduced by severe provocation and his spiritual instability. In "Rambo" he is a bona fide all-American hero. A few years ago, director George Pan Cosmatos made the "The Cassandra Crossing", a biased piece of left-wing anti-American propaganda. Kosmatos, however, was nothing if it wasn't versatile, and "Rambo" proved that he could also turn his hand to prosperous right-pro-American propaganda. The one thing the two films have in common is that both are bad. <br /> <br /> "First Blood" had its faults, but it also had its virtues. The view that the anti-war movement has partly pointed to the problems experienced by Vietnam veterinarians in adapting civilian life was a controversial one, but at least the film tried to make a statement about war , social attitudes towards the war, and the roots of violence in society. Rambo, however, has very few virtues, except that the action sequences are done well enough to please those who like that kind of thing. This is essentially a kind of jingoist revenge fantasy for Americans who were still hurt by the Vietnam War. Rambo re-fights the war with one hand, and this time wins the right. Take it, Charlie Cong! <br /> <br /> At this point, no doubt, the film's admirers (and there seems to be enough - more than 2,000 voters have already given it ten stars) have come to the conclusion that I am a liberal commander. -loving is pinko. By far - I always despised Communism as a harmful ideology. What I do not like about the film is not its politics, but its lack of subtlety and its suggestion that the solution to all problems, including ideological disputes, must get rid of all the guns and kill as many people as possible. It makes no attempt to understand the political complexities of Southeast Asia, or why not everyone in the region was pro-American. For all its anti-communism, the film is the kind of moronic sledgehammer propaganda that the Communists were very good at exploiting themselves - except that they attributed all the world's problems to capitalism, imperialism or rationalism, or whatever they had an aversion to. Compared to "Rambo", "The Green Berets" was a masterful political analysis. 10/03
