FIRST BLOOD PART II had an evil exuberant adventure in the forefront of the US when it was released in the mid-80's, with right-wing Reaganism and virulent anti-red feelings not yet finished, although the emergence of a certain Mikhail Gorbachev in the heart of the "Evil Empire" in Moscow would soon make these kind of movies redundant, even Reagan himself eventually allowed this truism. <br /> <br /> In that sense, we can be very grateful to Gorby, not to his disarmament treaties with the US, or his policy of "glasnost" or even his support of democracy to the Eastern European countries in the former Soviet Union. -Unie's backyard restored. No, it's the final reduction of foolish, jingoistic, puffed up cold war adventures like this. The first RAMBO movie was almost perfect, though at least a slightly literate and adequate action thriller with a not too bad story. In this sequel, any sense of even the worst conviction is immediately ignored for stupid, sensual This plot and incident, in which Rambo gives attention to many brainless stereotypical Vietnamese and Russian troops to save US POWs ten years after the conflict, with the Americans to the loser. Perhaps the reason why the film was a great success in the box was to let many Americans float in fantasy, they could have lost the war, but there were still unfinished items on hand and ridiculous comic strips with a robust hero everybody killed red on sight, with as much hardware as possible, fulfilled such whimsical conquered ideas. <br /> <br /> It could be entertained at a SUPERMAN / SPIDERMAN level, but unfortunately everything is played straight. But that is not to say that there is no humor in the movie, unfortunately it is almost all the unintended types. The action scenes, though technically enough, never carry the slightest conviction or belief, as they are always placed in the most spectacular. is incredible of contexts, namely our hero Rambo is always intact (apart from a few cuts and bruises here and there) despite the tons of explosives, grenades, gunpowder, and so on. around him. <br /> <br /> In between the chaos, which consists of a screenplay, consists of dull clichés and banalities. Stallone, who wrote with author James Cameron (a long way from the exciting TERMINATOR made last year), deliberately delivered the Rambo. character so little to understand in understandable English, and simply comes out with moronic grunts, almost as if he understood his own trademark patois only for himself. Perhaps his colleague Cameron is thinking of the Terminator again with so little communication for the main character! In this sense, Rambo looks even less of a man than the Terminator did! The rest of the players do a little better with good actors such as Charles Napier and Richard Crenna. They do their very best with the crackling dialogue they are given. Steven Berkoff resurrected it with another Russian KGB / Red Army scabies. Berkoff's predicament is pleasantly pleasing, but not extremely threatening. How did Sly manage to survive Berkoff's electric shock torture to kill even more of the Red Commie scumbags? Well, credibility is never this film's strong point. It is a fantasy work that is comparable to the WIZARD OF OZ. At least, what was meant to be a fantasy, and an immortal classic it seems to be. It's just a classic of the most stupid, and indeed offensive, friendly. And as for Sly's climaxes ... rather hypocrisy after all those people were slaughtered, among other things? By the way, in the same year he also made ROCKY IV .......... <br /> RATING: 3 out of 10 made.
