A seemingly infinite movie that really earns a zero rating. The premise seems simple enough: Yentl, a girl interested in studying the Talmud, wants to go to school. But only boys are allowed to study, so after her father's death, she decides to disguise herself as a boy. She becomes and becomes close friends with Avigdor, who must be married to a beautiful woman named Hadass. Hadass's family commits suicide for Avigdor's brother, and the wedding is being called. Yentl, who calls herself Anschel, is then chosen to marry Hadass. She does, but it never happens. Yentl / Anschel and Avigdor leave for a few days, and Yentl / Anschel reveals her secret to him. The film ends with Avigdor returning to (and marrying) Hadass, and Yentl goes to America to continue her studies, although she has to continue in disguise. <br /> <br /> The plot above looks interesting For a movie over 2 hours, but there are several things that ruin it. For starters, there is the constant SINGING. (I can already hear the critics screaming.) Yes, I know it's a musical, so there are supposed to be lots of songs and dance numbers. But the movie could have been improved if it was directed and played without them. The songs are boring after a while, and there is not as much dance as you would expect. Many of the songs are forgotten, with no real memorable lyrics, and those with any meaning can easily be replaced by a voice over. Just one song is from the rest, "Dad you can hear me". Clearly, most of the others were deliberately placed, so Streisand could just have a reason to turn down her voice every five to ten minutes. Chances are, everyone who will be watching this movie will already know what an excellent singer and actress is, so the songs really aren't needed. <br /> <br /> Second, Streisand's makeup, which can be seen as a man during her scenes (the lipstick, improved eyelashes and blisters are all obvious) makes it difficult for the audience to be in the Yentl / Anschel character, that she is really serious and deceiving her new friends, colleagues and even Hadass to believe she is a man. Yet we are asked and expected to believe that thing. There seems to be a contradiction as her character speaks, or rather sings, about how she doesn't think she can break it down, but is surprised that everyone is getting rid of because they wear men's clothing. This means that we are expected to believe that the other characters are so naive that they cannot see the other differences, like her actions, which are clear gifts. The facial differences alone cannot be included, as other characters in the film mention that some of their male relatives or friends did not have beards or other facial hairs. However, in the 1900s, dressed as a woman like a man, but so much makeup like Streisand's character did, and still tried to perform herself as a man simply because she wore men's clothes, it would considered unacceptable and an outrage. Chances are she'll probably be forced to leave town, or even the country. Therefore, the "female" makeup on Streisand does not lend itself to the character's credibility and the plot is only weakened. If it is only applied to make Streisand more beautiful, it must be deleted. <br /> <br /> Thirdly, when Yentl / Anschel announces herself who she really is at the end, we are asked to believe that the other characters are not as clever as Streisand's and only when they are "the truth" learn they get a little wiser. By now, it is becoming increasingly clear that the whole plot is so far that it is nothing more than a custom-made vehicle for Streisand. <br /> <br /> Finally, there are those who are supporters of Streisand. who will not find fault with this movie, his plot, or the songs. For those I need to respect. While having excellent voice and acting ability, I'm not a "fan" of her singing style. However, I enjoyed many of her other features, including musical. There are even a few songs of hair I love, so I'm not a "hater", nor did she knock her out. I wrote this review from an honest perspective, from someone who did their best to watch this movie - a few times even - and notified the issues. If Streisand is interested in creating a wonderful or even credible film, she could have done it here by not giving her the need to show and proving how talented, beautiful and clever she is at almost every turn. This movie doesn't hurt herself any more than her abilities, let herself be absorbed, thereby making the film in a love story unworthy of her fans or audience.
