Working for the BBC, Michael Williams finds an impressive Italian image blended into the material of his ongoing task entitled DIABOLIC ART: A DOCUMENT. But since his wife's mysterious death, her daughter Emily was emotionally disturbed, so he goes to Spoleto, where the problematic picture with her and her nanny, Jill, is. And there is a Countess, who is also a psychologist, and she informs him that the picture was somehow made at night that a young witch named Emilia was executed. Michael didn't believe her story, but then Emily killed hysterical spasm and Jill. This Italian film is, of course, almost innocuously influenced by the exorcist, but this one is much cheaper, much easier and in a sense, much more dirty. First of all, it should be said this movie is confused. For example, the story shows Emily is a reincarnation of Emilia. But if Emily saw her in flashbacks, she saw her only from a third person's point of view. But if she is the reincarnation of Emilia, she must and must see the past only from Emilia's point of view. Confusion of this kind, which the film has many, is based almost exclusively on a problematic fact that the film is too lazy, rather than ambivalent, to specify its own quasi-Freudian theme, namely the pre-adolescent girl's one-way turbulent wish. To make matters worse, this film also has a distinctive problem (if not confused); Every character is too naive and helpless to be realistic and / or credible. As for Emily (or Emilia), she is a child, and one can say it's hard to blame her for her naïve and helplessness. (And according to Freudian theory, every girl wants her father's child in her own way. In this sense, Emily is not purely pathological, just her way to exclude other women from her father's love is problematic. I already mentioned, this film itself is too lazy to be Freudies.) The problem is that adult characters are as childish and naive and helpless as Emily. And because of this characteristic weakness, even the psychic who can see, almost anything can do nothing from the earth and because of the same weakness, the story of the film ends in a poorly escapist way. In addition, special effects of this film are incredibly cheap and affordable. Although the music of Stelvio Cipriani is remarkable (indeed, this one is so good to have it alone), the film as a whole is nothing but a cheap B-movie that even the 1970s Italian horror movie lovers.
