An MTV movie staff consisting of US TV program maker Zack Zardine (Matt Borlenghi), his companion wife, Australian Cecily (Kate Fisher) and two surfer 'Dudes' called Bog Hall (Dax Miller) and Jeremy (Joel West ) nice looking island, it is not actually revealed where. The crew plan to shoot a barefoot on bloodsurfing, which is apparently the latest craze in extreme sports. Surfers throw bait in the sea and cut themselves to lure sharks, just to see if they can blow them out without being eaten. Once there they are greeted by Sonny Lofranco (Cris Vertido) and his wife Melba (Susan Africa). Their search for the perfect spot leads them to the shark infested waters of Lilo-Cay. Sonny, Melba and their daughter Lemmya (Maureen Larrazabal) take them in their boat. Shortly after arriving and shooting all the blood-recording footage Sonny, Melba and Lemmya, everyone is killed by a 30 foot saltwater crocodile that possesses some of the island's features. The boat was sunk. Zack, Cecily, Bog and Jeremy appear on the island to a rescue party. But after a while with a few, erm well, I don't really know what they are. Pirates? Drug smugglers? Revolutionairies? Do ugly people just not like being with other people? Who knows? And more importantly who cares? Not I'm sure. Anyway, after escaping from the guys who look like pirates, they are picked up just outside the island's coast by Captain John Dirks (Duncan Regehr) and his girlfriend Arty (Taryn Reif and Tara Reif). The film staff believe they have been saved. Little do they know that the crocodile and captain Dirks are going back and he has a score to settle and four members of a film staff will not stop him. Captain Dirks heads back to Lilo-Cay for a final refurbishment with the giant crocodile one eats. <br /> <br /> Directed by James D.R. Hickox is a horrible movie, but it's not as bad as Tobe Hoopers Crocodile (2000). Everything about this movie sucks. The writing by Sam Bernard and Robert L.Levy is terrible, very slow, because the crocodile is not even seen or mentioned before the 30-minute point and by that time I was seriously bored and irritated by the terribly inaccessible characters Bernard and Levy. The whole movie is also frustratingly predictable, within the first 10 minutes anyone who is familiar with horror movie can guess stereotypes and stock characters who will die and who will survive. The crocodile effects are terrible and are repeated repeatedly. There is a small puppet head that has a few arms, of course, and it controls the movements as the water splashes grow! The CGI shots of the crocodile are just an embarrassment to watch. There are no gores except when a character is cut in half that is reached by CGI to digitally remove the actors' legs. It looks terrible again. There is also a short scene when someone is covered in nails when they repel a trap. There is a fair amount of nudity and sex, plus the female actresses are nice and easy on the eye. There is also basic continuity and logical errors in the film. In one order, Cecily Bog and Jeremy play 'bloodsurfing', but from the corner and distance she is at, it will be physically impossible to get footage from both the sharks and surfers alike. time, and that's probably the whole point of her shot? When Dirks controls the crocodile, the corner of the wire changes dramatically between shots. In one shot, the angle of the line as it emerges from the air appears straight in the shot after the angle is completely different and it appears that the line comes from below the surface of the water when the harpoon is actually at the back of the boat is attached and the line should be almost level with the surface. I can go on, as if the crocodile jumped from the edge of a cliff if it was as clever as this film was trying to make? But I'll probably exceed the 1000 word limit if I listed everything that was wrong with this movie, so I won't. I hated this movie, but rather scarily it's still not as bad as Tobe Hoopers' attempt to make a giant crocodile movie. Definitely one to avoid.
