The late 80s saw an inexplicable result of supernatural horror films instituted in gloomy fines. Renny Harlin's beautiful, eager and moody "Prison" had the whole haunted cousin roll; It was immediately followed by the remarkable inferior "The Chair", John Saxon's dull, "Death House", the negotiable psycho-image "Destroyer" and this amazingly cumbersome exercise in hopeless comatose tedium. <br /> <br /> Your ordinary, annoying collection of terribly unsympathetic batsmen headed by careless spineless, evil twop Alex (the extremely unpleasant Nicholas Celozzi) goes to Alcatraz Island for the bizarre circumstances surrounding the sudden horrific death of up to investigate. upcoming rock star Sammy Mitchell (brilliantly played by Toni Basil of "Hey Micky" fame). Alex's brother is possessed by the evil demonic spirit of an unholy cannibalistic commander of the American Civil War, and goes on the expected firearm boom, and therefore forces wimpy Alex to overcome his passivity and make a stand against this ghoulish ghost. <br /> <br /> Although Nicholas Von Sternberg, with some decent gore sets, photographed and a scary ghostly atmosphere (the film was shot in the barren, rusty, ruined ruins of Alcatraz Island), it doesn't cut as a solid, effective scare feature. It is mainly due to the uniformly unpleasant and unlikeable collegiate smartaleck characters, a bizarre, smirky bunch whose inward cartoons seem to be mystery, rather than entertaining. The apartment, which comes from a remarkably interested player, matters much more, with a Playboy playmate and an indisputable cutie piehottie, Hope Marie Carlton High School, who is a particularly annoying Linnea Quigley personality as the spectator-famous nimho bimbo do. Dimitri Logothetis's direction shows a flashy visual style modem, but the tone is uneven between turbulent gravity and goofy, terrible sophomoric silliness, and the most damaging, Ted Landon's sloppy, inconsistent, overly complicated and ultimately rather confusing writing fails to develop The necessary internal logic to make the hasty story even remotely possible. In other words, this stinker unfortunately succeeds in making a barely 90 minutes, like an uncompromisingly stretched film penalty.
