Well, after three times, I haven't yet got an idea of ​​what this movie is about, because it honestly didn't have any real interest or concern. But here it goes: A lot too old to be a teenager. Teenage actors dressed in scary latter 1980s fashion (do we look that way too?) Decide it would be a great idea to go in a motor boat and visit the deserted Alcatraz. after one of their nightmares caused people to be slaughtered in various terrible ways, killing POLTERGEIST, THE EVIL, and Freddy Kreuger in a fall. The donkey even claims to be roasted over an open fire, with some deformed freaks that cut strawberries. Good thing it was just a dream or it could have hurt, and good thing that its dreams had a decent special effect budget. Mine is usually quite lame: Girls, model rooms, ships, bazooka, etc. <br /> <br /> Once on the Alcatraz Island, they find themselves in a Slasher movie, and meet Tony Basil, who can't help but sometimes she has a few dances and has her own lighting staff (complete with a smoking machine for the 1980's smoky lightning-like look I'm similar to). And so I remind you that Mrs. Basil helped choreographer David Byrne of the Talking Heads choreograph some of his videos and performances. Of course, it has nothing to do with the movie, but kept in mind that the film had little thought to actually think. This happens and you can either watch or keep working on your page formatting with it on the side of the TV. But since the movie isn't really interesting, you'll decide to complete one last thing instead of wasting time, the movie will end and you'll wonder what you've missed every time you realize the end credits start to roll again, dammit ... <br /> * SOME * 1980s Against Horror movies can survive such a specialized show: Umberto Lenzi's GHOSTHOUSE, CHOPPING MALL & it's Killbots, bothering the night of the ignore wreaths and the best SLEEPAWAY CAMP is all coming. They are movies that, like them or not, claim your attention and usually pay with some good gore or T&A, and type in your work as proof that you've watched the TV instead of your keyboard. I'm sure HELL ISLAND (like the British version I believed was titled) does indeed contain good things, but frankly I don't care. And nothing is more annoying that it touches art of any genre that does not inspire admiration, a decent aversion or even good old honest hatred for it. The movie is happy with the eclipse of 80 minutes of time, and never works any more than being a distraction, despite my best efforts to give it a chance, but no dice . <br /> <br /> There are some horrible production designs going on, the use of lighting is sometimes striking, and the occasional outburst of chaos is likely to be the fans of 1980's Teen Horror. However, the rest of you are warned: YOU WILL HAVE WONES IF YOU LIKE IN 1987, AND THE ANSWER WILL BE MORE HARMFUL AS ANYONE ON THE SCREEN. Try to consider it as a free rental opportunity as possible, so if you're disappointed, you're not tied up with the damn thing: Movies like this take up precious shelf space that is often present on a commodity that goes with the world. come to an end & everyone ...
