Wow. Rarely did I feel the need to respond recently to movies, but this one especially begs for a raid. Let's start at the beginning. First, writer-director Susan Montford places Kim Basinger in the tired old victim role, complete with the required abused man and boring suburban existence. Let it be said that almost all content in this dull film is completely cracked and thin. Montford's pathetic attempt to symbolize the Christmas tree with no star is ridiculous. <br /> <br /> When she gets a dark and ominous night for Christmas wrapping paper, Della is furious that someone has double-cared their car on the busiest shopping night of the year. She decides to do something about it, so she leaves a nasty note on the windshield of the car. The next fifteen minutes of the movie was dedicated to Della to walk around the mall purposefully. When she finally gets to her car, the thugs confront her, a policeman is killed, and she runs, and they pick her up, and she gets away, and they chase her a little more and more and more and more. Everything is completely predictable and unimportant. The villains are not terrifying or threatening, and they are all counted down in one of the common ways. <br /> <br /> It's one of those movies in which all the action depends on the characters who can think as stupid as you. Why the bad guys not only kill her, instead of waiting for them to hit them with a band of iron, is outside me. And once, just once, in a movie like this, should the pack leader die last? What makes them all choose one by one when they're all equally rude? Much of the movie simply consists of Lukas Haas who runs around in the bush that "Della !!!" shout. And the inclusion of Joy Division on the soundtrack of this miserable movie is insulting. <br /> <br /> The part that really made me run for my desktop board was when Della, exhausted and hurt, exclaimed to heaven. Where are you, God? "Where was indeed God when this film was made? I just give it a 2 just because of skilled cinematography and lighting, and it's not as bad as" BTK Killer, the ultimate marker to judge any horrible movie. !
