Let's set aside political correctness and just look at it in terms of the many sex comedies that came out in the 1980s because I don't think it's better or worse than the others. Unless you have a religious cook or a busy woman, you can probably see a dull movie like this without catching up on the content and I personally had a completely harmless feeling about it before and after watching it. The story is in Albuquerque, New Mexico, where a wealthy 15-year-old boy Phillip Philly Fillmore (Eric Brown) is obviously horny and starts spying on the attractive girl who just started working for his father. <br /> <br /> ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** Nicole Mallow (Sylvia Kristel) is kind to Philly but warms things up when his father goes out of town and she starts flirting the point where she invites him to look in her bedroom in her bedroom. Philly is uncomfortable and does not know how to react, but soon he is up for it and has sex, but as if it were on his horror, Nicole seems to have died of a heart attack! With the help of sloppy driver Lester Lewis (Howard Hesseman), they seemingly buried her body, but a note of an extortionist appeared and Philly had to get $ 10,000 from his father's safe. Philly is shocked when Nicole arrives and he learns that the whole thing was an extortion plan set up by Lester and that she just went along with it because she was an illegal stranger and if she didn't do what she'd told me. Lester called the immigration office. Together they try to get his father's money back before returning home and they help Jack (Ed Begley Jr.). It's a tennis instructor, but pretend to be a cop to scare Lester. <br /> <br /> This little comedy was made for less than $ 3m, but it made over $ 50m worldwide and made it one of the least likely movies of that time to be so successful. It asks me to wonder why it was a hit and not one of the others in the genre. Director Alan Myerson boasts that he has made a hit, but the truth is that he never really had a career in movies, although he was very successful on television. So ... why did it become so successful? I have a thought that it can only be because of Kristel and before you decide that I am crazy, listen to my reasoning. Kristel was an international star because of her soft core films so the reason alone was that many free-thinking adults were curious to see her in an American movie that had become a great release. By doing so, the same adults will also be nostalgic about their own youth and the fantasy of being taught by the appeal of an attractive older woman that includes the much younger audience who is still very inexperienced and curious about the film. Anyway, this is my thought and if anyone has another reason, I'd love to hear it, but back to the movie itself it's clear (and very sad) that a movie like this probably never again (except in Europe) because of the religious law and the other fiery freaks who just cannot agree with the fact that a teenager is lying down will not hurt him. In fact, this is a valuable service that ALL BOYS pray, will happen to them! The film itself is clumsy and Kristel's body is too clear in some scenes, especially if you notice the difference in their nipples. The story (though intriguing in its basic form) is not very funny or revealing, so leaving the latest scenes that are actually the norm for the genre.
