This movie has a completely forgotten 1930s star, Jack Pearl (radio's "Baron Munchausen") and Jimmy Durante. But 7-1 / 2 decades later it is billed as a Three Stooges movie because they are the only one in the movie that the average person recognizes today. Film fanatics will also recognize the wonderful Edna May Oliver as well as Zazu Pitts. <br /> <br /> Regarding Stooges, it's a movie of many early days - before MGM had any idea what to do with the team. At this stage they were known as "Ted Healy and his Stooges" as Healy was the foreman. Fortunately for the Stooges, they soon left this nasty and quite undisputed man (read on him - you will see what I mean) and the rest is history. Within a year, they made very successful shorts for Columbia and managers at MGM quickly kicked themselves off to lose the team. This kind of thing was a common occurrence at MGM, a large studio that had no idea about comedy (such as the films of Buster Keaton, Laurel and Hardy, Abbott and Costello and others). In fact, until they left for Columbia, MGM played in a wide variety of strange films - including Clark Gable and Joan Crawford in DANCING LADY. And strangely, in this movie they did not act as a team - they just did several supporting roles, as Larry played the piano! <br /> <br /> This particular movie begins with Pearl and Durante lost in the African jungle. When they are saved and brought home, all the structure on the film falls apart and the film almost becomes a variety show. It is broken down by screens with the clues here and there. As far as Pearl is concerned, I could really see why he never made a successful transition to movies, because he has the personality of a snail (but slightly less welcome). As for Durante, I never knew what the public saw in him - at least for his films - he was hard and ... aloud! He apparently took time to help MGM to destroy Buster Keaton's career to make this movie. Together, Pearl and Durante rely on many verbal humor (?) And Vaudeville style routines that tend to fall flat. <br /> <br /> In this film, the Stooges haven't had the right chemistry yet. Since Healy does the job Moe did in their later movies, it's strange. What they did in the movie was pretty good, but because all the segments were short, they came too fast and fast from the camera to really get them into their routine. Stooges fans can be frustrated by this, although the hard-haired fans may want to see them reach their lifelong goal of seeing everything Stooge - even the rotten Joe DeRita and Joe Besser movies (oh, and they got bad after the death of Shemp and Krullerig). <br /> Overall, the movie is rather boring and disappointing. However, there are some interesting things to look for in the mess. At about 13 minutes you will see a short scene where a tour guide is sung on a bus. Look carefully, because it is Walter Brennan in a role you will never expect! Another unusual thing to look for in the movie is the "Clean as a Whistle Song" that starts about 22 minutes in the movie. This song and dance number is clearly an example of a so-called "Pre-Code" scene that could never be admitted to movies in 1934 (when the Production Code was enhanced). In spite of the word "Clean" in the title, it's a very titillating number with naked women showing lots of flesh - enough to stimulate, but not enough to really show anything! This is pretty shocking when it is seen today, although in the early 1930s such redundancies were fairly common. Eventually, look at the 63-minute point, Jimmy Durante sees again a few decades ago. See the movie, you will see that I mean!
