Well, it turned out as I expected: visual overload, but nothing else added to the original. However, what surprised me was that the storyline changed quite drastically compared to the 1968 movie. Initially, it awakened my interest, but what ultimately surprised the new twists (a) was found to be a typical Suggest Hollywood-like product and (b) make the whole story unlikely! The 1968 story was breathtakingly straight, including no time storms or similar activities: it just said that when you come home for a long journey, things might change a little. For example, the earth may have fallen into the hands of monkeys. Like many 'old' movies, the main ingredient is stress (hell, does anyone understand the word these days?). In this Burton movie, an attempt has been made to make the whole thing into action, but at what cost? Certainly, the images are overwhelming and a lot of time and money is in the design of a complete monkey culture (even monkey music!) Posted, but what's wrong? <br /> <br /> First, the suspension of unbelief is made very difficult because the monkeys have many Hollywood human characteristics. I refer in particular to Ari and the slave trader. These features include emotional skills such as irony, sarcasm, and an overt display of 'subtle' emotions. It makes you forget that the monkeys are monkeys, which is essential. <br /> <br /> Second, people talk. Of course, we can imagine that people will never forget how to speak, but the fact that monkeys have speech and humanity did not make the monkey / human role switch very tangible and stressful in the 1968 version. The wound in the throat that Charlton Heston gets there is essential for his survival and she later revives speech that is essential to his uniqueness and interest in dr. Zira has in him (so not needed for things like human rights activists or monkey-human love in order to explain things). <br /> <br /> Third, the fact that their ads talked a lot about the impeccability, but is a necessary turn in the new movie, since Capt. Davidson the Hollywood- Late-the-whole-world-and-well-ending-for-everyone-and-still-it-to-the-sit-bar-for-a-cool-diet coke character. Oh my God, will they never learn? I was new from the start, when there was only one man who was lost! They need a hero! And then the writing writers go in the following way: we need one guy ... so, why would one man be lost ... because he's trying to save a monkey from an electromagnetic storm ... indescribable! But this is necessary because it shows the audience that he respects apes! Since in these modern and politically correct times we can't have a xenophobic monkey like Charlton Heston's 68 character on the screen, let's give them a bubble version! <br /> <br /> Fourth, okay, the general distortion of the original 'discovery of the truth' of the 1968 movie after the modern version (he thinks his own mother ship crashed centuries ago on the planet and that lab monkeys developed their society, where Heston simply discovered that it somehow, the monkeys were invading the earth while he was away). The second, battle-part comes as an anti-climax. This is because this movie added the first two Planet Of The Apes movies in one plot. Try it out, but the chill you feel when Davidson and you discover he's lost on the planet, forever, was just because of the uninteresting battle. <br /> <br /> Fifth: The End !!! For chrissakes, who came with it? (a) Davidson falls twice with his escape leg, which looks like an unstoppable object, while the chimpanzee manages to land gracefully? Come on, who believes it? If the pods are very small space crafts (Davidson simply flies to the end of space) and not just escaped, he might have had a safe landing at least once, no? And how does it end ???? I mean, in the original movie it was clear that everything on earth had taken place. But here: the whole movie takes place on a distant planet, and suddenly the same (there is a Thade statue) monkey culture is on earth ??? Why? Have the monkeys of the distant planet evolved technologically, flown in the time and colonized earth before Davidson's mission diminished? Why is Thade worshiped? Stupid judgment. <br /> <br /> Helena Bonham Carter is even beautiful and beautiful like a monkey, but I didn't expect any less. I chose her ape above Estella Warren as a human, but maybe I have a little loose thread in my head. Yet the only convincing monkeys were Tim Roth as Thade (wonderful!) And Ari's domestic monkey (the former general, but I forgot his name). <br /> <br /> No, many can and should be added / changed to the 1968 photo, but not the plot, at least not that way. It was simple and clear and needed no further explanation. It was beautiful tongue-in-cheek and caricature. Don't silence everything ...
