Manipulative drama on a glamorous model (Margaux Hemingway) raped by a geeky but unbalanced musician (Chris Sarandon) - to whom she was introduced by her younger sister (played by real brother Maria Mariel), whose music teacher he is . While the central courtroom action is receiving attention - mainly due to an assignment by Anne Bancroft as Hemingway's lawyer - the film is too often just shining, but also dramatically unconvincing: the jury apparently takes the musician's side because of the sensual nature from her profession and b) she offered no resistance to her alleged aggressor when her sister arrived at the apartment and accidentally saw the couple in bed. What the f ***? she was clearly tied up - what resistance could she offer realistically? <br /> <br /> The second half of the film - involving Sarandon's sister rape, which strangely expects IRREVERSIBLE (2002) to take place in a tunnel - was rather confronted: Mariel's character had to be better knew to trust Sarandon after what he did to her sister, but Margaux himself foolishly repeat the line of work that immediately led to her humiliating experience! However, the climax - in which Sarandon gets his neat dessert, with Margaux suddenly turned into a fearless and inventive vigilante - is a crowd-pleaser in the style of DOOD WISH (1974); By the way, the ubiquitous Italian filmmaker Dino De Laurentiis was behind both films. <br /> <br /> It is noteworthy how the lives of the two Hemingway sisters have taken many different turns (that was the debut of both): Margaux's career never took off (despite her unmistakable good looks and laudable participation here) - while Mariel soon receives an Oscar nomination for Woody Allen's MANHATTAN (1979) and interestingly she will play a glamorous victim of raging violence as she sets the role of real life. Playboy "centerfold Dorothy Stratten in Bob Fosse's star 80 (1983). With the added pressure of some failed marriages, Margaux took refuge in alcohol and eventually died in 1996 a drug overdose; Chillingly, the Hemingway family." a history of suicide - especially the grandfather's grandfather, celebrated author Ernest, who died in 1961 on a self-inflicted shooting wound.
