If you look after a child, make sure they do not live near a cemetery. Especially if the said child has a habit of drawing ugly pictures and disappearing at night among the tombstones to see her friends. But our long-haired heroine, unaware of all the signs, moves with her family to include the Nortons, who include a strict father and an older brother who love our emerging babysitter. Even more creepy than the zombie gang outside, the tendency is to speak even when their lips do not move, and that the words do not match the movement of their mouth. But enough of that, animals are sacrificed, old ladies tore eyeballs out and the band won't stop at any scene, even the stiles. Oh, and the editor is busy one day going down with the way the movie drones. <br /> <br /> In fact, it would have been better if everyone involved had a break, melted down and reported. and go AWOL. Yes, I know it's hard to get into movies today, but this kind of starting point is not one on your resume that you want. If it were like a hobby farm worker who has a conviction for chicken molestation. With one of the worst performances ever made by the shrill Laurel Barnett, and another almost as bad by love-free children's actress Rosalie Cole (the next Dakota Fanning she's), the movie goes on and on with nothing but padding We get what goes for a climax. <br /> <br /> It involves five or six members of the undead who barricade our completely useless heroine in a barn, while her little rough comes from this ghouls with a plan of wood, one shell shotgun and all that he can lay his hands. But for a moment. They were earlier in the car and they accidentally discovered that the beings found the sound of the horn, so repulsive they shook their sound. So they stay where they are safe? Not of course, they run to the deserted building in the middle of nowhere, so the gaze can prove what a hardwood he is, the girl can act like she has a nervous breakdown. <br /> <br /> Finally, the movie closes. It doesn't end, it just goes to a halt. The main character walks back to her vehicle covered in false blood, as if nothing terrible happened. But, my dear viewer, something terrible has happened. You just sat by one of the most temperate, boring horror movies you'll ever see, and lost 82 minutes of your life, you'll never come back. Just think .. years from now on your deathbed, which will take you an hour and 22 minutes to spend just a little extra time with your family. Unfortunately, it's all too late for me. Don't make the same mistake :( 2/10
