A little girl lives with her father and brother in the middle of the countryside. This girl, Rosalie, has some psychotic tendencies, as the movie with her kittens opens to a kind of creature in the cemetery. She recently lost her mother who became crazy, but all night she enjoys staying in the woods. The assumption of the film has a new young woman who comes to Rosalie to look after her. Being introduced to the wickedness of the forest while driving, she imagines the tension here, experiencing a big blue barrel that falls over the edge of a cliff, somehow killing her car in his tracks. stop. From there she walks to the nearest home and discovers Mrs. Whitfield will then do a lot of explanation about Rosalie and her family. The seriousness of the Mrs. Whitfield character expressed, should be seen as believed. Well, the young lady meets the child and we soon learn that she is not only strange, but everyone in the film is very bizarre. They all share one thing in common that none of them ever heard from a theater school. Neither of these people can act - as evidenced by the few vehicles that one of them appears in the whole movie before or since - and everyone looks like they have little idea what's going on, breaking lines and remembering all the beliefs a paper bag. The director picks up the material in a slow pace with this horrible piano music that is busy here and there with things that are supposed to be scary. It takes us a little before we get some murders by the creative friends, but by that time I didn't mind. The murders are also not convincing, and the truth is that the whole film looks like someone on their friend's farm with the people and things there. That all is said does have some creepy aspects, but we do not learn one thing, but why is Rosalie like this or more important, who is the creature with the cheap masks. Cheap doesn't even start to describe the budget here. It's basically a few old farmhouses and a few barns at the end and of course the forest. Someone also borrowed a few old cars from the director. No special effects of any kind and only minimal makeup. There are so many guffaws / ridiculous moments to list, but I will only list a few here that show me at least the lack of ability of the creative powers involved: 1) Look closely at the gardener's body after he " defeat ". Len comes in and sees him slaughtered and you can see his thick stomach skin with life. 2) The dying scene at the end where actress Rosalie plays is murdered. She seems to be listening to directions and dying her lovely time, in the light of the method. 3) How about the guy who plays Roaslie's dad who gives us a cranky poor man's Andy Griffith. The scene where he was laughing at the hunters who were dying was a strange boy. The Child is indeed a very bad movie and is very bad even for the standard of 70's if you want. It's not a B-movie, but more like a Z-movie with producer Harry Novak making almost nothing.
