I saw this movie just now, not when it was released and considered the best picture of the year here in Israel. And to sum it up now, I'll just say, it's not a good movie. <br /> <br /> This is Dror Shaul's second feature film, and I have to admit that his first and the TV drama he previously made is much better. Even more, this is his first attempt at a drama. The early works were comedies and were funny and effective. <br /> <br /> The first thing you should know if you ever see this movie: Israel of the 21st century hates the kibbutz and the values ​​it has represented since the formation of the state of Israel The real situation of the kibbutzim is very bad, and some of them disappear one by one. The kibbutz, Hebrew word for collective, was a kind of town for members alone, where the values ​​of equality and socialism were the dogma of everyday life. With the change in social values ​​over time, it seems that the kibbutz was a place where the human spirit was suppressed, locked in the dogma rules, without a ticket. the entry into capitalist values ​​and lifestyles in the 90s and so far, kibbutzim has made it very difficult to survive. The crazy mother in the movie is the central metaphor for this. <br /> <br /> But I consider this film to be nothing to do with nostalgia for the good old days of the kibbutz. once it was a dream of every young couple to live in a kibbutz and raise children in this beautiful and beautiful environment. but the film shows the opposite. that the kibbutz, with its socialist dogma, was a place like a cult of crazy people, with crazy ideas that undermine the freedom of every individual in the collective. this is the central philosophy of postmodern capitalism: your individuality is the most important thing. You have to put yourself in the middle, and no one else, but you are the case. this is the philosophy that the film is and it's just the first sin. <br /> <br /> If you don't agree with the political side, I'm sure you'll agree that the acting, the scene of the movie, is the script and it's the direction is the four sins that follow. the movie has no real visual text and none of that is something to remember. It is also very "delicate", a delicacy that is not just an attempt to evoke emotions, which does not come across the surface, not in the film and not with the viewer. it does not bring anything but boredom. <br /> <br /> Can anyone explain: why did this movie win so many prizes? maybe because it seems that Israel is in line with the rest of the world, with socialist and human values? Or maybe it seems that Israel is a "delicate" place, and doesn't give up on dogmas and fanaticism? that we are basically very human and good people, are able to have emotions, especially when they are false, just as capitalism expects us to be? or perhaps because it has been telling one of the greatest lies of the Israeli film in the past, a lie that undermines the justification of the existence of the Jewish state? No matter what the answer is, it's not a good one. not for the world, not for human values ​​and not for the Jews.
