Infected look at kibbutz life <br /> <br /> This film is less a cultural story about a boy's life in a kibbutz, but the deliberate demonization of Kibbutz life in general. In the first two minutes of the film, the milkman in charge of the cows rap one of his calves. And it's already downhill from there in terms of the characters that represent typical "kibbutznikim". Besides the two main characters, a clinically depressed woman and her young son, everyone else in the kibbutz is a gross caricature of good ?? angry. <br /> <br /> The story focuses on how the kibbutz, like a cult, slowly pulls the mother and son deeper into despair and inevitably follows. There is no happiness, no joy, no laughter in these kibbutz. Every character / situation represents another terrible human experience such as deception, hypocrisy, violence, cultism, oppression, etc. For example, while the lead actor is a strikingly beautiful European 12-year-old boy? his older brother is a typical kibbutz youth filled with his "Jewish" physical appearance and brutal personality. He is more concerned with the removal of foreign volunteers than the health of his dying mother. He treats these volunteers like garbage. After his little brother ordered him to visit his dying mother, whom he hadn't seen long ago, because of his military service, he ordered, Quote ?? "Linda, go and shower in two minutes." <br /> <br /> There is another "good" character in this movie ?? A European foreigner playing the mother's boyfriend. When the rapist tries to hit the mother's son, the boyfriend defends him by breaking the rapist's arm. He is summarily kicked out of the kibbutz and then for "violent" behavior against one of the kibbutz members. More hypocrisy: The indescribably annoying French woman playing the school teacher, preaches that sex cannot take place before the age of 18, or without love and report on the real act that is supposed to be humor to the audience, but is really not stupid. Of course, she moves the head of the kibbutz into the fields, which then screws the little boy's mother when her mental health turns. <br /> <br /> The movie portrays the kibbutz as a kind of cult. Children are thrown out of their beds in the middle of the night and taken to a ritual where their fidelity swears in the fields kept by the Kibbutz elders. The mother can't believe the kibbutz escaped, although someone is always free to come and go as they choose. It is a mystery how the boy's father died, but you can rest assured that the kibbutz drove him there. And his surviving parents are still a few heartless, miserable characters who weigh on the mother and her son. <br /> <br /> This is the core of this movie. One-dimensional characters, about dramatization, dry performances, and an insidious message that tries to hammer itself into the audience's head? that kibbutz life was humiliating, miserable and even deadly to those who didn't fit. "I feel sorry for the man who made this movie, of course he had a bad experience growing up in a kibbutz. But I feel like he has taken some pips of truth about Kibbutz life and put them in major atomic stereotype bombs have changed.
