Yes AWA struggles how can anyone forget about this unreal show. First, they had a very short interviewer named Marty O'Neil who made "Rock n Roll". Buck Zumhofe looks like a nose pack. Then it was Gene Okerland who when he "got angry if the wrestler" would say "Was out of time" or "Well, be right back" acting as if he were angry but actually sounded. After going to WWF, Ken Resneck took over, although his mustache looked like a week's old soup held. It was a very good interviewer called George George Jimmy Garvin's face mouse that made me laugh from my chair. After jumping ship, Larry Nelson came aboard, which he was so bad that Phyllis George would be an improvement! Then there is Doug McLeod the best wrestling expert who ever made every game exciting with his description of bladder! Then he was paid more by the Minnesota North Stars hockey team. By ringside, which Roger Kent can forget, whose words and sentences were wrong, was historical. Like when a wrestler was big. "It's a great thing!" placed or kicked in the intestines "right in the gutsets" or when it was kicked, "He put him" or "the" pill driver must be banned "after Nick Bockwinkle used it on a helpless opponent. you care!) After he left for greener money (WWF), they had Rod Trongard who's announcement of style was great, but different, as if a wrestler had put his only boot over another guy in front, he says: "Right across the front e-lob" or as a wrestler is in trouble "He's in a bad way." He'll also say AWA is the worst, toughest, meanest, most scientific wrestler right in here The AWA! (No extra money Verne Gagne!) After he (WWF) Larry Wheres Phyllis?!) Nelson took over and I wanted to talk to someone else or completely ignore him. (WWE didn't know him!) Greg Gagne also had the ugliest wrestling boots I ever saw a yellow color of something I didn't want to say, even when he was looking for the lake he seems to want to overcome it so he can run to the nearest toilet! Jumpin J im Brunzell was such a big dropkick artist that you wonder why Greg was ever his partner. Jerry Blackwell (RIP) was also a superstar wrestler, but you wonder why Verne won against him. (Puhleeeeze!) When Vince appointed McMahon Gagnes workers, he would struggle most of them. I want to see that the Gagne family is now really wrestling!
