The first House Alone was a decent, enough movie ... the successor was almost the same, in a new environment. This one tries to be original, and succeeds to some extent ... of course, the formula is basically the same, so it's like watching the same movie for a third time with slightly changed plot. The new score is pretty bad (although the new "setting traps" piece was, if nothing else interesting and different), especially when compared to the first point of the first and the almost-but-not-so-so-good second count. It makes almost some good, non-original music, but it's not the same. The plot is fair and somewhat original for the franchise, but it is still basically the same movie as the first two, with worse acting and a less impressive example of the "scary character that looks good". The acting is usually unimpressive. The characters are mostly caricatures. The new thieves are less entertaining than the old ones (and they make fun of spying, which is almost criminal, as the limited amount of good spies are there and how precious little of them are cool). The fact that there is more (and therefore more fall) is just a poor attempt to try one higher than the first two films ... and it doesn't work. The idea behind the thieves and their mission is also a bit ... mature and serious for a children's movie (and there was a sexual joke or two, although not the first time in the series). It is also unnecessarily complex, just like the plot in general. I could follow it, but I doubt if a child could. Some of the exposition is so clearly rendered that even children can find it stupid. The animals are generally not amusing. There are fewer brothers and sisters, meaning that those who are there are more developed, but they have less personality than the least of those of the first two films. All in all, just not very good, or worth watching, unless you * really love watching criminals being injured in cartoon-y violence. I only recommend it to great fans of the series. 10/03
