It was one of the movies that had a ton of airwaves playing in the early 1970s, usually on the "4am Movie" or once, at 7:30 PM "Channel 6 Big Movie" and another on Creature Double Feature .We use local channels to use movies as part of their local programming (mostly today in favor of infomercial time). It was from time to time. A few of the lower rents Abbott and Costello wannabees (Frankie Ray and Robert Ball) are in a platoon of soldiers (half a dozen guys in Army Surplus remainders) sent on field maneuvers to watch strange radiation aliens. They first go to Bronson Canyon which will later be the famous Batcave at BATMAN, and will get the remains of a dead "root sample". Later in the cave they are chased by a living roots - basically a man in black suit and paper head, with sparkling things on it and table tennis balls. Two of their complete geeks, Ray and Ball are captured and bound to tables and are "explored" by space-amazons, Dr Poona (no, joke!) And Professor Tanga who is beautifully beautiful and scarce in their skimpy bikini is. "Uniforms". We were then too young to realize what later slavery and fetish scenarios would predict this "exploration" scene beyond what was predicted. It appears that the two gals and their root sample are stranded on the ground with a well-hidden ship trying to return to their world. <br /> <br /> The film was made as a total comedy with different grades of Smaak but remembering it was from the time when Eric Von Zipper and his crew of Frankie and Annette's films were the height of B movie , a built-in comedy. It was just natural to jump onto the car at a quick dollar. <br /> <br /> For some reason I just thought I thought I saw this movie. No, I really saw it. And when it was released on the "restored" DVD, I was assured in my memory. The comedy goes from generously funny to just stupid, but whatever. The budget doesn't exist, which is a small miracle if you think about it, it's even made and we can talk about a "restored" version and now more than 40 years later. The payout is the girls who want to learn about "love" and "kiss" and the rise is the geeks we all were - the girls and love win. It's just goofy and stupid and for those places it has nostalgic meaning.
