Apparently, Shakespeare is similar to a high appearance that is similar to a lot of people who see nothing for what it really is. At one point in this film, someone (I believe Pacino's producer) warned him that the film was about to agree on how the masses are thinking about Shakespeare by RICHARD III's vehicle. Instead, he decides to shoot a chopped play with random comment. Some screens were included as home movies for Al (was there really any reason for the quick visit to Shakespeare's birthplace, except for a laugh about something unexpectedly happening?), And before the movie really even started being dealt with. see and act, cute and funny for the camera. I thought his foolish performances with Kay near the end of GODFATHER III with the knife to his throat was a WORK - but it is apparently how Al's actually behave personally. <br /> <br /> Enough run. Here is a shotgun smuggling of why I didn't even make it 3/4 of the way: 1) pretentious - Although always knowing when the camera is on him, whether acting as Richard or in a "real" conversation with someone - you can see it in the corner of his eyes, and some of the actors around the rehearsal table become impatient and become hammy to the limit. As someone who has ever been reading this, having ever spent time with a group of actors and seeing such things from outside, it is unbearable. "Look at me, chew the scenery!" 2) Winona Ryder. When she appears as Lady Anne, this film comes to a standstill, which never restores it. She didn't add anything in the discussion context, but the camera was hanging on her to bring in the kiddies. Her performance is terrible to start. 3) The only things you really learn are told by the scholars what the filmmakers are trying to keep out of the picture. Of course, you also learn that Pacino should not direct movies (or do Richard in the first place). I'd rather watch BOBBY DEERFIELD than this. <br /> <br /> Finally, read the play and learn it yourself. Go out and see it performed. In 1997, I saw the play at the University of Washington's Ethnic Culture Theater, and it saw what we saw in this movie as a high school drama (except for the gratuitous throat of Clarence! My God! Was it necessary?) <br /> <br /> It's all just a bunch of sound and anger, nada suggests.
