Syria released the critics and everyone chased it. I think it's one of those intensely intelligent movies ... so intelligent that I think you should be well-versed in the oil industry and a politically brilliant mind. I do not consider myself unintelligible, I have been studying politics since my early teens and enjoying an intelligent film, but mostly, unless it is a documentary film, it is primarily entertaining and also a message. Syria has tried to be strictly intelligent, and some people are away. I will even go so far as to say that those who rave and insist that it is a 10/10 lie because they think they look better. This movie was the most confusing, senseless, senseless dribbling I saw in a while. Especially the critical speech, the Oscar nod and the film. Author writer Stephen Gaghan again disappointed me. His terribly written Havoc preceded this film and I think he's just trying too hard. I can't believe he was given the opportunity to write the Da Vinci codes script. In addition, Gaghan directed the film, which made it an absolute mess. I had no idea who anyone was, why things happened, who was who and what was what. It was a disaster. <br /> <br /> Because I don't really know who anyone was, I can only mention the actors and what I thought of their performances because, despite the terribly complicated script, the actors did well. George Clooney plays C.I.A. field agent and killer I think ?? Bob Barnes. Clooney has never been a favorite of mine, but lately he has managed to make proper appearances and it was a pretty good performance from his side. Barnes was a complex character with a sordid history and if I knew what had happened to him, I would really have enjoyed his character. Matt Damon plays Bryan Woodman and he is pretty slim and always looks like a deer in the headlights that I can understand his confusion after reading this script and then trying to do it. Amanda Peet plays his wife and she does well in the few scenes she is given. Christopher Plummer makes a cameo look when someone does something. I like Plummer and like to see him show up, even if he doesn't get billed anymore. <br /> <br /> The movie is intense if the story just makes sense. I want to name exactly the description of the plot on IMDb. "A missile disappears in Iran, but the CIA has other problems: the Emirates' heir gives an oil contract to China, which eradicates an American company that immediately feeds and merges its immigrant workers with a small firm that has a Kazakh stance The department of justice suspects bribery, and the oil company's law firm finds a scapegoat.The CIA also needs one if its plot to kill the Emir apparently fails. The double cross out of economist parlays killing his son in a contract to advise the sheikh who the CIA wants to kill. The unemployed Pakistani's join a fundamentalist group. ?!? Say who now? Syria may be the thinking man's movie, but it has bored me to make tears and no matter how hard I tried. I finally surrendered and turned it off after an hour and a half and you couldn't bribe me enough to get me. finish it. I suppose if you want to form an opinion than to look at it in all respects, but I promise you someone who is looking for entertainment or a pleasant movie will sleep in the first half hour. 10/01
