Wha-BAM! Someone definitely had fun devouring a whole truck of acidic mushrooms and then writing this crazy excuse for a movie! Author Howard Cohen extends the "Sword & Sorcery" concept with a few extra S's, such as Sex, Silliness, (more) Sex and Sheer Stupidity! It's not just a movie, it's every juvenile's perverting dreams and fantasies! "Deathstalker" has it all: blood, violence, trolleys, female mud wrestling, attempted rape, successful rape, live-size pigs (!), Horrible hairstyles, rickety oiled muscle bodies, multi-sexual orgies, gay fighters, tournaments-to-die dead, angry witches, blemishes, laughable villains and boobs, boobs, BOOOOOOOOOBIES !! "Deathstalker" literally wipes the floor with its obvious role model "Conan: The Barbarian" when it comes to cyberspace and mere flamboyance. The story is obviously of minor importance. Wage and gay (just he doesn't know yet) warrior Deathstalker goes on a mission, as ordered by an annoying witch, to collect the three notorious elements of creation ?? or something like that. On his journey he combines forces with a troll-turned-human, a fighter who is even gayer than he and, finally, a nice lady who is not really a great support of the concept bras. Together they go to the kingdom of the ultimately evil Munkar, where they participate in a tournament's tournament and win no less than two out of three elements. Munkar is a naked man with half a spider's web tattooed on his skull and an impressive harem that even makes the richest oil jaw jealous. Okay, allowed, "Deathstalker" is a nice, terrible and sometimes even inexplicable movie. The battle order is lame and the costumes and makeup effects are straightforward. For a moment, when I saw the opening sequence, I actually feared I was watching "Troll, the Prequel". The monsters look incredibly vigorous and the opposite as threatening, but it's unmistakably entertaining when you're in an unbeatable mood. I suppose this is not a favorite among feminists, as the overall depiction of women is somewhat discrimination. Most of the gals serve exclusively as eye-candy in the harem. They are allowed to crawl across the floor and play around in the mud, but strictly forbid to open their mouths. The two "front" ladies (Barbi Benton and Lana Clarkson) are surprising, but - in all honesty - if not for their constantly exposed shelves, they will hardly be worth mentioning either.
