Woosh ??! Man ?? What can I say ... <br /> <br /> The opening scene, maybe? We see a lot of Mongolian barbarians jumping out of the walls of some ruins with bad makeup. They sneak around and attack an old man with a thinly dressed prisoner. The man walks away, the mongolians follow him and one remains behind to rape the girl, but instead he puts on one of her breasts and kidnap her. Then the man (still going) sees a horse and tries to steal it. Suddenly ?? A blonde divine search-hat with a wig appears and says, "This is my horse!" The Mighty Deathstalker just made his appearance. The mongoloids come, Deathstalker kills everyone (including the man) on the songs of some inappropriate Mexicanos western score (it's supposed to be a Swords & Sorcery movie, so, how's the "arriba trumpet" ?), And then go to Captive Girl and uncover both her breasts. He started rubbing them and Captive Girl looked like it. She starts with her lips and dies. Just when they are about to come, this old man, who interrupts the end of a perfect day for Deathstalker (and a possible perfect ending to a short film), appears. <br /> <br /> Tell me now ?? Isn't that the point where either a feminist would annoy the movie, or any other male viewer would say, "It's going to be one hell of a good movie!" The plot is as simple as throwing a kitten out of the balcony: Deathstalker must obtain the Sword of Justice and use it to steal the Amulet of Life and the Chalice of Magic from the evil wizard Munkar. <br /> <br /> In addition to decapitations, breakdowns, random bloodshed, weakened fist battles and embarrassment for sword fighting, this movie also contains a massive amount! ts and a $$ shots. Initially, I wanted to add one extra point to this movie for every free shot of naked boobies I could count. After 9 points (not even halfway into the movie) I had to pick up. It distracted me from the rest of the movie. And the rest of the movie was worth it. Totally crazy things. Check out this mutant cat / worm creature. Munkar has a pet and feeds eyeballs and fingers. And here's an interesting question: What would you do if a man in a woman's body were to enter your bedroom and try to kill you with a knife? The answer is simple: You knock him around a little, take the knife away and then try to rape him. Then you discover that he is not a woman, so you throw him out of your bed and tell him to leave your room. It works well, I tell you. Deathstalker does it too, and the Deathstalker way is the right way! <br /> <br /> DEATHSTALKER is a great movie, really, as pointed out in other comments. The villains are dirty. The women are nice. There is blood, sex, violence, rape and nice chicken. There is a totally useless tournament that only contains a lot of barbarians that beat the hook, hook and hook. My favorite weapon used in that tournament was a giant log cabin used to beat a weak competitor against bloody pulp. And my favorite participant was undoubtedly the one with the Vlakvarkhoof brute (reminiscent of the Gamorrean Guards of returning the Jedi). I won't reveal how the movie ends, but just make a wonderful appearance when I tell you that a 4-way spread is thrown into the movie's climax. <br /> <br /> And of course there is a wonderful show of independence throughout the movie. See a man being dragged across a gravel road behind a horse, and the next eyeball shows him being dragged across grass (no road). See that the awesome tattoo on the wizard's head magic can change within the same scene (on the lap it has the left side of its head, the other on the right). Well, Munkar is after all a magician. It's whether this movie is shot in an alternative universe where things like "continuity" simply don't exist. <br /> <br /> As much as I enjoyed and as much as I look forward to the other 3 installments in this series, I have enough clips of decency left in me not to make this movie succeed. However, I am willing to give the maximum number of minimum points, just as I can deduce a few points for the possible inferior prosecutions. DEATHSTALKER can be a wonderful, trashy and sleazy CONAN rip-off, it's also a horrible movie.
