I searched Hollywood video last night with a friend trying to find a good horror movie to watch over the New Year's weekend. As I looked through the shelves, "Severed" raised my eye, and I grabbed it from the shelf and it looked like it could be a decent B-grade horror movie. The cover looks pretty good. The plot sounds semi-interesting. So I rented it. What a mistake. Don't be fooled by the cover, which actually looks good. I think more money was spent on cover art than the movie itself. The film follows two police detectives tracing a voodoo-inspired, ritualistic serial killer called "The Head Hunter", beheading the left and right victims in an unnamed city (probably Los Angeles), and being pulled into his world of ritualized murder. <br /> <br /> Story sounds pretty good? Well, this is, and this movie could have been fair halfway. But good God, it was bad! Almost everything about it was laughing. The opening scene has a redhead actress in a car trying to talk to this huge outdated phone, and for whatever reason, she goes outside and talks to a guy. Then there is a shadow behind them, hooking his head, and the girl falls to the ground and begins to crawl (for absolutely no reason) while trying to dial 911. Sounds ridiculous? You know it is. The whole movie looks like it was filmed on a VHS quality camera, and I assume it was. The acting was mostly terrible, and the special effects were far from credible. And the screens with the policemen were terrible - the voice on the other hand was echo and it sounded like it was recorded in someone's bathroom. Everything about this movie was just amateurish and boring, and it didn't take me long, and I often got bored and tired, mainly because of the bad acting and the terrible cinematography. The pacing was bad. Everything was just bad. <br /> Overall, "Severed" is a failed attempt to have a decent B movie. The plot was good and I think if this movie was better handled and had a higher budget, it could have been good. But this movie fell flat on his face. If you expect something semi-decent, you will be very disappointed. Only recommended if you can tolerate D grade horror flashes. Otherwise you will probably stay away from this straight-to-video rubbish. It had some potential, but it was out of a mess. 10/01.
