If there is one thing that irritates me most to see a bad movie, it is seen by experienced filmmakers who need to know better. This "re-imagination" of the Planet of the Apes could have used any imagination to say nothing of essential elements of character development. Nova, the girl in the original planet of the monkeys, was a better developed character than Daena in this version, for everything she didn't say a single word. One definitely expected much better from Tim Burton, a man who has so far combined an incredible visual imagination with intelligence, humor and humor. This was especially absent from this production. <br /> <br /> There were problems in basic plot development. The first big mistake was to let people talk. This was the fundamental difference between monkeys and men who * made * the difference in the original film. Even as he was dumb, his ability to communicate, what Heston's Taylor had marked, was different from the others. In the current film, Mark Wahlberg encourages the (speaking) human slaves to revolt, but there is no overwhelming reason that they have not already raised and returned their emancipation. They are handy tool users and have the ability to communicate to form plans, something that dumb people can't do. No one needs to fall from the stars to save them. Indeed, as he comes from a technological civilization and finds himself in a pre-technology era without initially needing any equipment to help him, it is Wahlberg who has a disadvantage, not the people who are used to it to live. <br /> <br /> It was sad to see that Helena Bonham Carter worked so hard to generate such a spark between herself and that the brick wall Mark Wahlberg didn't respond. Her best scenes were with the villain Tim Roth. <br /> <br /> The people were virtually ignored until needed in the third act, and then Daena began to show real interest in Davidson (Wahlberg) and a young boy suddenly changed part of the background to a festive Gung-ho freedom fighter. It was poor character development. (Estella Warren, in particular, seemed to be able to do much more than she was given in writing). Wahlberg's mystery at the end of what these people see in him is definitely shared by me, as he barely interacted with the people. <br /> <br /> Creating monkeys: half a plus and two minuses: Monkey Makeup was excellent on men, especially Michael Clarke Duncan who has incredibly expressive eyes (that's why he was so good at The Green Mile ), and the makeup design allowed him to use them fully. But the monkeys look like nothing on earth, not monkey or man. The minuses were the ape-like thing that looked so realistic as Flash Gordon's rocket: jumping monkeys looked like they were just fired from a catapult, they didn't have any of the long-standing grace of true monkeys. Secondly, the poor sound mixes - when the gorillas roar, it is clearly called some animals, probably cat-like, which makes them ridiculous and unrealistic. <br /> <br /> In the original movie, the various "human" things do the monkeys and say are handled as light relief ("I never knew a monkey I didn't like." man do! "). Here the monkeys are actually speaking exactly like the 21st century people do, and there is no humor at all. The only true original idea was Ari who wrote with her feet. <br /> <br /> Nothing made me more than the "Star Trek V-Ger" moment near the end of the movie. First, the monkeys apparently read Roman literature in the distant past, knowing the name of the Forbidden Zone in its partially hidden form. Secondly, the mysterious heading that gives the name is only covered with sand that Wahlberg just brushes, something a monkey could have done for centuries. This moment was much worse for me than the very malicious end of the movie. <br /> <br /> However, things of that nature are typical of most science fiction movies today. In the 60's and 70's, they generally didn't have the budget to make convincing futuristic sets, but they really covered original themes and ideas that were truly science-fictional. I think of 2001: a Space Odyssey, the 1967 Planet of the Apes, THX1138, Soylent Green, Silent Running and the Solaris of 1972. The first planet of the apes has even the only scientifically valid and physically possible way of traveling forward use. However, this film includes every bad science fiction cliché: Space storms, anomalies and worm paths straight from Star Trek; the planets of the solar system and their moons apparently all visible together with large globes (in fact, from any one planet, all other bodies, even their own moons are just lights); a conventional rocket powered shuttle that travels to Earth for a few minutes instead of Saturn; two-thousand-year-old equipment getting up and fully working the minute press the hero press the button. To say nothing of a comfortable bulletproof internal glass door. In a contemporary environment, you need to explain why it was bulletproof, but because it is a science fiction, you don't have to. <br /> <br /> Overall, Burton's most disappointing movie.
