Destroyer warning ?? Although I think this one was spoiled by the can? It's hard to even imagine that a movie made with these stars, of this studio, during this period can be so terrible, but it is. It's the biggest disturbance of the movie, but it doesn't make a damn thing. <br /> <br /> Rikwevenaar American aristocrat Penn Gaylord leaves his little daughter "in control" and goes down to World War I where he is murdered. Then we flash forward until today (1942) and total confusion. The three sisters are in the court where they are said to have spent the last twenty years, and a little bit called Barclay is trying to get away from home. It's just the beginning of an endless series of unanswered questions that contain the script, more holes in it than The Warren Report. What happened to the Gaylord fortune? If the will is worth half a billion, why did the family home of a cute palace go to the house at The Munsters? Who the devil is this Barclay clown? And why can he take someone's home away? The questions just fall on top of more questions. <br /> <br /> The usually lovely and beautiful George Brent plays Barclay, who is inexplicably a total bunch wrestling with everyone. He takes everything he wants, no matter who it is. belongs to and without guilt feelings; Yet nobody except Fiona (Barbara Stanwick) looks particularly like this crap. Why? None of these questions are ever answered. We rather follow Fiona's life from one train wreck to another, the evil Barclay takes away her home, her fortune, and even her child. What is she doing? Shoot him? Set him on fire? No, too logical. In an incredible wrap-up, this woman, whose only former romantic involvement with Barclay was, except for the technical of marriage, rape, suddenly decides mid-sense (literally) that she doesn't hate him, she loves him . And they will stay happy forever. Suddenly, without any reason in the world, this early female role model of independence and authority is transformed into the common helpless single-twit twit that is more common in films of this era. Yes, yes, steal everything in the world that belongs to me and I will fall in love with you. On which planet does it happen? I can only guess why I have never heard of this movie before catching it on Turner, it is so lost to today's audiences as it is today.
