I wish more movies were two hours long. On the other hand, I wish more American Civil War movies were two hours long. "Gone with the Wind", "Gettysburg" - it's about the length I expected; although those two have at least entertained for how many hours they lasted; and even "Gettysburg" lasted as long as it did because things happened over the course. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, Ang Lee's movie is blown up and incompatible. It actually feels like it takes less than two hours. It was not a compliment. This is actually no different from any other form of sensory deprivation: at the time it feels like it will never end. It seems that it didn't take time at all. <br /> <br /> The movie goes down the wrong side, as Lee plays his unceasing credits. ABOUT the opening figure (bad mistake) in which we are introduced to some characters who immediately harm us and will come later. The central two are Jake, the son of German immigrants who are strong supporters of Lincoln, and Jack, an equally strong South African whose values ​​share Jake. (I had to read that sentence again, to make sure I didn't write a "Jack" instead of "Jake" at some point.) The two are going to become "forest winners" - southern militia revenge and violence are so strong that they cannot even be bothered to join the official southern army, which I think they think is for sissies. I'm afraid Lee has lost my right. It's easy to feel for characters who make moral mistakes: if we have independent reasons to satisfy them, or feel like we know them somehow, then their moral mistakes can give us more care. Not so here. We are not suggested at least an hour to Jake; when we are, it becomes clear that he is a gnarled pimple of a man who is not as much as a conventional context - the kind of person who says and does what everyone around him does and does, whose psychology is purely immitative is. The people he participates with are either just the same or positive evil in an unimportant way. I cheered myself when the North Cavalry appeared on the screen. I thought: well - kill the rebels, kill the damned war, let me go home. <br /> <br /> Strengthening this problem is the terrible, terrible dialogue. Everyone speaks in the same shining southern accent. I've heard accents from all over the English-speaking world and it's the worst of them all. I don't care if South Africans really talked that way, it's just not fair to ask an audience to hear it for two hours. And believe me, we're listening for the full two hours. Lee's picture is talkative, mainly because characters take so long to say what they mean in their grammar, say-all-three, complete sign. It will help if they talk faster, but not much. Can't these people find a more effective language to communicate? <br /> <br /> In short: the film is a small but a gallery of uniformly unattractive characters without inner life, in a very ugly mode of speaking speech, which often doesn't have enough bath, to which nothing matters is not, despite their involvement in war. Good points? Jewel was nice to look at, and so was the scenery. But I even have complaints here. The cinematography, beautifully framed, looked like someone accidentally had a color film for black and white; And for Jewel we were bothered with her body, but never really allowed to see it, which was the least we were guilty of.
