** SPOILERS ** It was an ugly movie, and I'm sorry I watched it. Like Jan Kounen's Dobermann, it mostly suffers from poor editing - or lack thereof. It's as if the director was so in love with his work that instead of the movie, he added a pace to your attention, all the footage he shot together. There may be two cool scenes in the whole movie. One of them is * SPOILER * when Benkei is disturbed and the camera is turning. It was cool - but okay, we got it! Please move! The camera won't stop turning this guy! There may be one or two cool scenes I have forgotten in this flood of mediocrity, but the last duel is not one of them! It may be because, unlike the previous heavy handshake dials, Shanao is not masked - just because the director couldn't find a stuntman who looks a bit like Asano Tadanobu doesn't give him the right to continue and make 80. % of the sword fight with extreme close-ups of sword clashes! And all of the same corner, I may add. The director must learn from the American 1995 bullet train ninja movie The Hunted! I personally saw the village attack scene as a tribute to the social activists of the previous generation who were confronted by police in the violent protests of their colleagues years. The situation where innocence is suppressed by an unmanaged government's authoritative and armed branch seems to be a message in the Japanese media, due to the strong influence of socialists and communists who are a political minority. The movie versions of GTO and Salary Man Kintaro are two other recent examples * END SPOILER * I don't understand. I just don't understand why people who do not speak the language of the movie find commendable material in it. Perhaps the worst is lost in the translation. <br /> <br /> The end of the film - on which marketing has played a lot - is another interpretation of the legendary Shanao and Benkei encounter. But the legend is not the most popular in Japanese folklore, and it is so separate from contemporary themes, which played after 138 minutes of visual techniques, which cares how the director wants to reinterpret the story! Crazy Lips director Sasaki Hirohisa said there was an unpleasant tendency among new Japanese directors to ignore Japanese audiences and direct their films to foreign film festivals - to get international fame faster. It works, though it doesn't make sense, because the point of an international movie festival is to introduce to the world what kind of movies are being made in other countries - what kind of movies people see in those countries. Certainly not Gooye and the like.
