Well where to start? I think I can start with the general complaint about how this film is marketed. Call me ignorant because I didn't know about Schneebaum's book before deciding on the documentary version based on it and deciding to live under a rock, but don't blame me for picking this movie since the title and the description on the box does not know the fact that this "documentary" is actually a companion to the said book. Yes, I felt rather stupid when I saw this little movie, and seeing the reason I sat down in the first place was getting a good service from a "Modern Cannibal Languages". I mean, am I foolish to expect this movie to cover most of its story about cannibalism behavior in jungle tribes? I probably didn't expect an hour and forty-five minutes of an old parent to kiss his own ass by blowing over every little detail of his dull and exhausted life. I certainly did not expect the insider director and I did not say that I was laughing hard at Tobias Schneebaum and all his outrageous glory. <br /> <br /> Schneebaum is indeed unlikely. The old man strikes and makes the whole movie and makes the whole picture a personal story of her, even if he is not even an interesting character to fill a story. Oh really? He was a cannibal? Ninety percent of the movie is nothing at all about Schneebaum's dirty past. The only time we really see some cannibal action is when Tobias finally breaks his poor treatment over what happened to him in Peru and says he had a small piece. It's people. Ninety minutes from the bull later and Tobias Schneebaum is a cannibal with three inches. It's like calling a movie 'The Life of a Real Don Juan', just to see that the only time the protagonist of the movie did something sexually, happened during college when he just got the point. 'played. Unbelievable. <br /> <br /> The directing is indeed terribly terrible because there is no flow or rhythm for the story being told. Well, I understand I haven't read the volume of Schneebaum before I saw his celluloid story, but I can still recognize bad pacing and even worse editing. One minute goes to Schneebaum about cruise ships and tourism and the next he goes on and about how he can't ride and then jump to talk about a dead family member or a failed and unfortunate saga in his life. I mean, Jesus, you can at least beat his back story to the first part; follow up with a few things that cover his homosexuality and then it ends with a firm look at his visit to Peru? Also: I don't care much about Schneebaum's careless little ones about life and life, but at least I beg the old man to keep up with his ramblings. When I hear an old man talking about how he prefers life in the jungle, I don't expect him to bitch suddenly and tomorrow he'll want to go back home in twenty minutes. Absurd. <br /> <br /> Another note about directing is the random cuts of the on-hand story, to the small, small television appearances in which our hero appeared. While some may find the cuts to be tiny pieces out of the story, the director overused the gimmick and broke his entire movie into pieces. He tried to put most of the attempts to tell the story to the old roles. <br /> <br /> The bottom line here is that Tobias Schneebaum is a fraud. Pure and simple. I know I didn't read the book, but I still argue that this movie is completely useless by seeing a good movie stand alone. This documentary relies too much on the assumption that the viewer is already a zealous fan of Schneebaum's work and instead proceeds with the assumption of a complementary disc found on a DVD. Schneebaum is both arrogant and bitchy, hitting an acidic combination when mixed with the fact that his story is remarkably unattractive. If you are looking for a solid piece about the nature of people and cannibalism, turn away because "keep the river right" is an embarrassing hilarious self-service opportunity over a long-standing man for a straight jacket and a gag.
