Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy had extensive (separate) film careers before they were finally teamed up. For many of Ollie's pre-Stan movies, he was charged on the screen as Babe Hardy ... and during his adult life, Hardy was known as his friends as "Babe". Hardy interviewed journalist John McCabe in post-war Britain with Laurel in a music hall for Bernard Delfont, explaining the origins of this nickname. Early in his play, Hardy got a shave from a gay hairdresser who had cut Hardy's flower trunks (one on his face) and said, "Nice baby!" Hardy's workmates cried him "Babe" and fixed the nickname. <br /> <br /> Although many of Hardy's pre-Laurel work is very interesting - especially his comedy roles in support of Larry Semon and the Chaplin mimic Billy West - his teamwork with Billy Ruge (who?) in a series low shorts for the Vim Comedy movie company are very bad. Hardy and Ruge gave the screen names Plump and Runt: names that are unpleasant in their own right, but worse because Ruge (although shorter than Hardy) is not a round. Here Hardy sees much like him in his early Hal Roach movies with Laurel ... but without the spitting curls and the difficult mustache. <br /> <br /> 'Too much', an absolutely typical plunge and round epic, is direly unfunny ... and his dreaminess is made even more noticeable by the fact that this film has exactly the same point of departure as' That's My Wife, one of Laurel and Hardy's most hilarious films. Plump (Hardy) is the star boarder in a house that is run by a long gawky house runner. Around (Ruge) is the doorman. Plump receives a letter from his rich uncle John, whose dosh he expects to inherit. His uncle comes to see him and meet Plump's wife and baby. There is only one problem: Plump doesn't have a wife and baby. He laid to his uncle to look like a relative. Now, of course, Plump expects Rump to get a wife and baby on short notice. Of course, the results are disastrous. It would be nice if those disastrous results were funny, but it is not. Most of the fiery humor here is just an empty stick, with characters who set their arguments by kicking each other into bathtubs. <br /> <br /> SPOILERS COME. Vim director Will Louis (who?) Shows no instinct for cameras: the landlady's actress is significantly higher than Hardy, and Louis is keeping his shots consistent so her head is out of the frame. It can be funny if it is deliberately done, but it is just improper. At one point in this bad comedy, an extremely tasteless gay is threatening on the horizon, as Runt is approaching a black laundry. "Certainly, they won't laugh low," I thought. But they do it. Around the woman's black baby steals and tries to knock it off like Plump's progeny. <br /> <br /> Somehow, Plump gets a baby's bed, but he doesn't have a baby yet. With Uncle John, the stairs are coming up, Plomp-service providers. This gag may have just worked with a midget, or even with a really round actor like Chester Conklin, but Billy Ruge is just slightly lower than the average height. Ruge's personalization of a baby is neither credible nor funny, and Uncle John will have to be a complete moron to fall for it. Amazingly, he does! <br /> <br /> The most noteworthy aspect of "One Too Many" is a short look - apparently her only movie show - by Madelyn Saloshin, Oliver Hardy's first wife. The marriage was not happy, although Hardy's marriage problems never reached Stan Laurel's epic relationships. <br /> <br /> Only one thing in this movie impressed me. There is a very short flash sequence, with Hardy reminiscent of his seaside romance with a bathing beauty. In 1916 there was not yet a standard movie grammar for feedback: the one shown here is done gracefully and simply. Sorry, this movie has no other merit. "One Too Many" is definitely one movie too much on Oliver Hardy's CV, and I will rate this movie just one point out of 10. Laurel and Hardy together are definitely much more difficult than one of them separately.
