It was a simpler time (the seventies), a simpler place (San Francisco), where a man could make a simple movie about a drug-disrupted psychotic re-crucifixion of Christ as a woman on acidity with never-ending dream order and inter-cut flashbacks while having a multi-racial inter-genitalia, regardless of financial responsibilities or moral repercussion. <br /> <br /> This movie, boring, slow, boring, is the worst example of the kind of pretentious heavy-handed art school that thought to be successful in the mid-70's. and I love it! As soon as this train wrecked from endless slow motion zoom ins and heavy reverbed echo chamber acid guitar leaks you could not end your eyes off it to the ridiculous and absurd end. Its kind of a cross between Jesus Christ's superstar, passing the valley of the dolls, and a lot of crazy acid traveling with your parents on a waterbed. it is simultaneously a train wreck, totally fascinating, and also a great overview of the worst (or best) elements of the b-grade seventh Phychadelic movie genre. <br /> <br /> The plot. <br /> <br /> I'll just tell you the plot, because you won't be able to tell what happens because of the constant cross-processed flashbacks to events that may or may not have happened to characters who may or may not be themselves. and face-painted hippy freak nicks endlessly cavorting into the banal sequences of the performance-art mime like street theater. <br /> <br /> "Logan" is a very annoying iconoclast movie maker that screams at people and is surrounded by a mostly silent movie crew that must always fall acidic and look like very bad orgy. Richard Dreyfus has a complementary role as the accountant looks. the movie staff seems to hate and break out for some reason in manic laughter, perhaps to torment him. "Suzanne" the titular character is a wild-eyed blonde who walks firmly into space and comforts the totally insane "artist" character. "the artist" is completely angry. either from his hectic overwork or the incredible horror of his paintings. of course, terrible nude from Susanne. There are a few other characters that randomly pop up, a cigar that scares the character of the man. Who is also hot for Suzanne, I think. he has a monologue. I couldn't really figure out what he had to do with the story, except that everyone had to hate the "man" and you couldn't make a movie without one. There is also a dumb girl. The dumb girl in the end, trust me, it's incredibly stupid.
