96 minutes of this is cruel .. and I love the old Munster's. Yes, the plot is something; Yes the lines are thin; but anyone who was driving was not a fan. There are so many 'intrigues' (and I use the word with a big break) that I wonder if it's an old Starsky & Hutch episode. I lost count of the number of times I noticed the make-up missed a place near the collar. Refuse to admit that any time since the mid-60s (ridiculous) has passed, the producers only replace Marilyn & Eddie with younger actors. Why not let them grow and age? Adding an Addam family-style reunion does not add to the Halloween party's taste. <br /> <br /> Grandpa and Herman fly to Transylvania and back in a few hours (provisionally.) Sid Ceaser is the most, yes The most amazing character (I include the bad robots), as he is an unpopular combination of gibberish & yiddish chats, but claiming to be an ancient arabic ruler. And yes, it seems the lag track is missing. In fact, there are several places where there is a dead air, as if the track was to be inserted later. The actors seem to be waiting for the faux audience. It's not laughable; It's sad. Oh, and the best part! Yvonne DeCarlo has a line that only shows how the authors and producers were out of touch. Marilyn says something like, "Where can Oom Herman and Oupa be? They could have been in an accident. They could be hit by a car ... or a train!" Lily says reacting with something like, "You're uncle. Herman will be here if he has to pull himself off the train track." What is surprising about this is: Yvonne DeCarlo's husband was a stuntman in the early 60's and lost a leg and was almost dead in a train station. He never recovered and it destroyed her family financially. (View Biography's fantastic review of her life and career). This line could easily be changed to be more sensitive to her. <br /> <br /> If you are a true fan of the Munster's, you MUST rent it. this mess. It illustrates how some things are better left alone. Even with the (almost) original cast, it's almost as bad as the attempt to remake the show a few years ago.
