To be clear from the beginning, 'The Bagman' is very, very, very bad. It is terrible in almost every aspect except one: the final product is such a horrible movie that it is actually hysterically funny to watch. It is a very low grade film. Budget constraints for the movie should be obvious to anyone who only views the opening title series. I'm not sure if much of the humor in the movie is meant or not. For example, the movie takes place in "Doomsville." Note to all prospective home buyers: If the town you are moving to is called 'Doomsville', keep moving. Stephanie Beaton is quick to pull her top off for a nice enthusiastic sex scene in the kitchen. I can't help but laugh because it has deliberate humor (she turns on the gas stove ... does it? The sex is so hot? Get it?) And unintentional humor. The unintended in this case is the music. It's like the theme music for 'Chariots of Fire' going electronica. Break out the computer and synthesizers! I realize that the rise of music for a small production like this is cost effective. I really feel for them because the work here is so well intended. The problem is that cheap music is not necessarily good music. I haven't slept so hard on sex on the screen since 'Alone in the Dark' with the 'Seven Seconds' song (I think they thought poor poor Mr Slater was a bit ... fast on the draw? ). Even the end credits are hilarious. Intentional or not? You are the judge: a pet dog and cat are part of the credited throw - and an animal wrangler was ready for them! - The buoy is credited to 'mr. B. Stick and the 3rd Unit's cabinet (Yep, they have a third unit) is credited to K-mart. Maybe it's just me, but I think saving the hilarity of this more than the movie. The movie is very, very bad, but the goals of Stephanie Beaton, her friends and family, are so well-meant in 'The Bagman' that you can't help but like the movie they made. "The Bagman" is bad but not terrible. In its own sweet way it even manages to be a bit engaging. It carries its flaws so honestly that you cannot help but forgive. "Better" movies trying to hide the mistakes are almost worse in a way. I think it's just a movie that knew who she was hearing and was produced accordingly. <br /> <br /> Watch any number of movies and most of them will probably be much better than that. Some of them may look cheaper, or trade worse, or poorer production value. They may not suffer terribly, as "The Bagman" does with terrible editing, sound and foley effects. Mr. B. Stick did not do a very good job. The special effects seem to be where most of the money went. They tend to be more funny than gruesome, but when the 'Bagman' is finally unmasked, the makeup work is surprisingly good. <br /> <br /> My 4 out of 10 is a bit high but the humor helped a lot. It's an ideal movie to hold a few nights with a few friends and a few beers. Great entertainment by anyone who considers themselves seriously as a B-movie or low-budget movie aficionados. All others should probably be avoided with great prejudice.
