"The Bubble" is an attempt to make a gay Romeo and Juliet-type story with an Israeli and a Palestinian, but it seems like "Friends" or "Beverly Hills 90210." come. The characters are shallow and thin like the dialogue and plot line. The movie looks between the fluff and the depth. On the one hand, there is a sharp effort to be level, like (in one example of many), even small characters, even questions that ask for the insight into the conflicts and get answers like: "Hey, we are here to make a poster for a raven against the profession. Don't become political! "Apart from the obvious absurdity of such a line, it is just one of the many haphazard signals that the movie is just as hollow and insignificant. is as his title indicates. On the other hand, the film's main prediction to depth follows the lovers after a presentation by 'Bent' a play about gays in a Nazi labor camp. The stage on stage is uncomfortably rushed and undermines its erotic power (understandably the limitations of movie time, but it could be much better accomplished.) And come out as flurry as the rest of the movie. Sorry. This scene deserves much better. <br /> <br /> The characters are so one-dimensional cartoon, and some even have names that telegraph their whole (though inappropriate word here) substance. The aggressive soldier of the cracked Golani brigade is called the "Golan". The militant Palestinian is called "Jihad." The pursuit-for-chic faghag roommate is "Lulu." Anyone who is familiar with the control points and life in Palestine, whether it is from real life or documentary documents, will find the checkpoints absurdly unreal? Well, the rest of this fluffy fantasy. When a Palestinian woman in the fastest labor goes on record, Israeli soldiers are excited and helpful, an ambulance appears in minutes. (The outcome of the birth serves to show the Palestinians as indefensible of Israeli benevolence and even straight paranoidism.) The checkpoint is shown entirely as a mere nuisance, not the series of conflicting, soul-wrapping, humiliating obstructions without regard Do not take medical care or necessity in cases of birth, death or serious illness. Ashraf, the Palestinian lover, looks from Nablus to Tel Aviv with no problems, no newspapers, no hassles. He just shows when he wants. When the Israelis want it, it is much more a challenge to be worthy of Lucy Ricardo's scheme. <br /> <br /> Against the backdrop of nice, supportive Israelis and pure homophobic Palestinians, are we moving to a resolution that is completely lacking in motivation or purpose? except as a painful, clear dramatic device to give sympathy to the forbidden lovers. <br /> <br /> Gay Israeli Palestinian romance has been on stage with much more skill and depth as in Saleem's "Salaam / Shalom", so this movie is scarce even as pioneers as some people like to think. <br /> <br /> Glorious bad movies ?? like the works of Ed Wood - has at least a cunning idiosyncrasy to distinguish them. This one doesn't even have what goes for it. Most of the soundtrack sounds like Simon and Garfunkel on quaaludes, and even with the strange oedipale touch with the gay sex scenes, the general incompetence that this movie does, plays like a mediocre TV movie of the week.
