Here was no attempt to be in Valentine to prevent it being just another teenage movie, a subgenre of horror movies we've seen too much over the past decade or so. I have heard many people complain that the film shoots several previous horror films, including everything from Halloween to Prom Night to Carrie, and as much as I hate to be superfluous, the coaching is so blatant that it is impossible. to say something. The punching bow over poor Jeremy's head early in the film is taken for granted from Carrie so much that they said just as well in the movie: "Hey everyone, this is the director, and the next is my Carrie-rip-off scene Enjoy! ') But it's just a suggestion. <br /> <br /> (spoilers) The movie is structured in the same way that every other dumb teen thriller is structured. knowing girls briefly at the beginning, being killed, people wondering in the old but only the other and the other scene, and then they are being killed, the problem here is that the director and the writers are secretly and honestly secreting the film and wanting to keep up, but they have no idea how to do it, for example, Jason, here is this hopeless arrogant who is so full of himself and bad with women that he divides the check on a date according to what each person and as one of the first characters seen in the movie to the short skis edenisles about how badly poor Jeremy is treated, he is accepted to bear meaning. In addition, he also has the same initials as the boy who fought all the girls in the sixth grade, and the same initials signed at the bottom of all the evil Valentine's Day cards. <br /> <br /> It is not uncommon for the audience to be deliberately and sometimes deceived by the behavior of one or more characters who are apparently the main suspects, and Jason is a perfect example of the effort, but not So not a good example of a successful attempt. Sure, I thought for a while he might be the killer, but that's not the point. We know early on that he is horrible with women connecting to the little boy at the beginning of the movie, but then in the middle of the film he appears at a party, flashing at two of the main girls, and then give them a hateful look and walk away, disappear from the party and from the movie without any explanation. We already know he is a cardboard character, but his role in the movie was so badly thought that they just took him out when they were done with him. <br /> <br /> On the positive side, the murderer's truth was actually difficult to predict in at least one subtle way, which was unfortunately another rip-off. Early in the film, when Shelley puts the killer in the leg with his own skull, he makes no sound, indicating that the killer can be a woman who is silent to prevent her from revealing herself as a female, rather as a man like everyone suspected. But then for the rest of the movie, we only have this stupid, relentless, unstoppable killer with the emotional mask and the giant butcher's knife. Director Jamie Blanks (who, with all due respect, seems to have had problems with girls himself in the sixth grade), is influenced by Halloween. This is, of course, completely unnecessary, because it is so obvious how bad he is plagiarizing the film. The only difference between the murderer in Valentine and Michael Meyer is that Michael's mask was so much more effective and he didn't have a problem with nasal blood. These things are shameless. <br /> <br /> In the end there is a brief attempt to deceive us again about who the killer is. (Complete with a long and drawn-out 'and-the-killer-is' mask removal), but then we see that Adam's nose begins to bleed, because he likes Kate, his often reluctant friend, and we know he's all the killer is. Nothing in the movie showed he could be the killer to the final act, and these inexplicable nostrils were not exactly the smartest way to identify the real killer at the end of the film. Valentine is not scary (I watched it in an empty house after midnight, and I was as long as I could remember, and I was even scared of the dark) and the characters might care if it wasn't so clear that they are just going to die. I remember impressed by the theater previews (although the movie was in and out of the theater faster than Battlefield Earth), but the end result is the same old thing.
