Wow. To watch this movie today, you can't help but get shocked by writing this movie. Spencer Tracy and Loretta Young play a couple appearing in modern times on the "Jerry Springer Show" as they have a sick and abusive relationship ... and inexplicably it seems the authors endorse it! <br /> <br /> The movie starts with a hungry and homeless Loretta that shows the ropes through the arm but inventive Spencer Tracy. He shows her how you can do with connection, can do very little with little money and take her home to stay. It is never clear whether they are married or not. And since it's a Pre-Code movie, you can assume they don't even live together. Their relationship is very strange ... and rather sick. While you can see Tracy caring for her through his deeds, he is verbally abusive and a total joke --- and Young comes back for more like a dog. He calls her "skinny" or "ugly" and it is in a sick way his way of using ducklings! Later, when he started wandering with another woman (Glenda Farrell), she told her friend that if that was what he wanted, she was fine with her !!! It surely sounds like a sado-masochistic relationship and you can't help but feel a bit horrible. Sure, he didn't hit her, but the relationship was very offensive. To show how sick it is when Young gets pregnant, she says to him, "It's your baby and it's mine, but you don't have to worry, I'll get it all!" !! Yikes! Doesn't it all look like looking through a hole in a sick and dysfunctional home? Later, in the case of art imitating life, Tracy proves what kind of person he is and disappears. He cannot be taxed with a baby, even if it is his. But he changed his mind and decided to return. Wow ... it's a bit of him! And when he returns, he is nasty and behaves as if he is staying, he is not obliged to care for the child !! And she tells him he's a free man ... free like a bird! Wow, I was almost in tears at this gentle moment ... NOT! Soon this crazy couple is married ... and of course Young is depressed because he seems to stay as long as it suits him - not because of any love or responsibility. So, how can you save anything with this kind of sick characters? What will you do? Well, as for the writers, they soon have Tracy ' a robbery to help pay for the brat! The romantic aspects of the movie are so amazing to say the least! During the robbery Tracy acts like a bunch - barely doing anything to take care not to get caught not - as he secretly hopes to send in prison, and to show what kind of nice man he is, the man he is trying to rob is one of his best friends. <br /> <br /> While there more to the movie, Tracy is a while and Young is an idiot in the movie, despite both very good actors, there is absolutely no way they can produce from the crazy writers. Nice music, nice sets, good acting ... and a script that is 100% poo. How the movie is currently graded 7.4 is outside me and I wonder how someone can ignore the pure fear of the characters. An abominable fire that somehow destroyed the careers of those involved. <br /> <br /> Oh, and if you're wondering if Loretta ever gets a backbone in this movie or someone who is least strong, the answer is NO! By the end she had learned nothing and no one had changed for the better. <br /> <br /> They probably don't make movies like they used to ... and in this case ... thank God!
