may contain spoilers !! so i watched this movie last night on LMN (Lifetime Movie Network) which is NOT known for displaying quality movies. THIS FILM IS WELCOME! I'm still surprised to see the whole thing, because it was terrible. can this movie contain any stereotypes? (Harping Jewish mother who wants son to be doctor, Catholic family with priesthood, Great big cross-images in every room shown in the Catholic family's home, Mexican whores, a bad guy who is really a gentle heart, incredible bad land accent) GAG !!!! I was initially intrigued by the fact that I had never heard of this movie and after seeing that Cheryl Pollack and Corin nemec were in it, I decided to stay awake until 4:00 am to see it. Anyway, the only redeeming thing about this movie is Madchen Amick's beauty. I think pollack's and nemec's acting is good, but they have a terrible writing to work with. unlike the other reviewer who commented on the lack of texan accents (the movie is supposed to be in eastern and very few people have a compulsion). I think the accents were there (to support characters like Mary Margaret's date and John) and were unnecessary. they were also very bad. I'm so tired of Hollywood's "southern" accent that sounds like the area where the accent is supposed to be. and since it would take place in 1991 and movies would have shot, it would not have been expensive in 1991. I was expecting well-known shots of the town: the beautiful capital, the UT tower illuminated a victorious soccer match, and so on. None of these things were there. Also, it takes about 5-6 hours to drive to Austin from Austin. At one point in the movie, Michael and his postings go out for Mexico to lose their virginities and can drive down when it is dark (during summer and early fall it doesn't get dark in the east until 21:00) spending time in Mexico to get drunk and have sex with mexican (is there any other kind?) whores, then go to Austin again. while it is theoretically possible, it is NOT very likely. And if someone started school in the hill (usually the third week of August, but maybe in September in 1960), they know that unless they want to pass heat stroke, they don't wear their blazers !!!! ! In August and September in Austin and the surrounding areas it is 90+ degrees. only people with no body temperature would be stupid to wear the jersey or briefcases on the first day of school. All in all, a lot of bad for TV movie experience.
