A thematic pile of theater since its inception is the genre that includes seductive women, whose wills and means not only sting in their arms, but also in difficult circumstances that will typically endanger male victims only. together with uncertainty or whether No Requests will be forced to take their medicine, and here Susan Lucci plays as a siren. Although her plays of a primary soap opera family tree are insufficient to make her performance credible. Isabelle (Lucci), unstable wife of venture capitalist Stewart Collins (John O'Hurley), just started a love affair with the hunting vendor Richard Davis (Philip Casnoff), just a bagatelle for her, but a serious affair for Richard. , apparently captivated by his lover, taking advantage of his zeal by engaging him in a risky plot to study in a scheme of murderous intent. When Davis is convinced that Guileful Isabelle is a victim of physical abuse managed by her husband, he tries to free her from what he feels, a marriage fall, so that he can marry herself and believe that the only clear solution to his Fate will be found in a rudimentary set-up to hire a professional assassin who will have the allegedly violent Stewart. In the wake of the hit's attack on Collins, a number of police detectives, executed by Joe Grifasi and Dean McDermott, are becoming increasingly curious about Isabelle's possible involvement in the crime while at the same time facing reality. what Richard might have caught. pay a good price in exchange for his inamorata maneuvering. Lucci and Kasnoff are properly thrown as a viable pair of conspirators. Each one gives a lecture that makes a boring rather than a lovely set of love birds, but O'Hurley and McDermott take turns in a film that suffers from a crashing scenario, as well as endless direction and design elements. This largely lustreless affair released on a Fremantle DVD offers one's temptation to seducer and enjoy the visual and sound quality of the flight. Although there are no extra features, the above-mentioned production quality enhances powerful efforts of cinematographer Robert Primes and composer Stephen Edwards.
