I am currently in Iraq and doing a lot of time to watch movies. We also have access to many pirate movies, this jewel came together with 11 other movies, which is easily the worst I have ever seen. I've seen a few other reviews claiming that this movie doesn't take itself too seriously, but really, I think it's a cover for being horrible. It's not a tongue in the cheek, the authors really thought they were improving on the Blade movie. This movie is just one notch above the Vampire killer, which if you haven't seen, I recommend. The movie is at least so incredibly bad that you will laugh harder than you thought. It's right about no redeeming features like that ever. from the bad acting, to the cliché visual (ie opening credits), to the adobe premier special effects. they can't even find spaces for the guns, which may have to do with where the movie is filmed, but if you want to use effects, they are close to accuracy. As for the cast, they seem to have just gone to a bunch of top class and didn't pick up the ugly chick who walked out. Again, like Ron Hall in the Vampire Assassin, don't blame the people, they can't. Also, the comments on this are a "return of old vampire movies" ... no, it's not. This is exactly what all new vampire movies are about. Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Blade, Underworld, they're all about a superstar fighting the vampires. It's the latest vampire genre, with bad blood, fake screams, and cheese over acting. Of course, someone who wrote a good review on this was somehow connected to the movie, or friends of the cast. But what I care about, I pay 33 cents for it. Anyway, to include it, someone in their first semester of the film school decided to make a movie, I give them credit because it's better than I could. Of course I also know that I can't make movies, so I'm not trying. I know how to watch movies. I work 12 hours, 6 days a week, I saw a few thousand in the year I was here and it was so bad I was hoping halfway through the hope of a mortar attack.
