Karen (Bobbie Phillips), after one of her children gets out of control with his lame jokes, calls her never to survive this journey. Bean, is she ever on the money. Karen is a school teacher who takes her group of children from the Shepley College of Historical Studies to the blunt ugly country of a whore in the big thin heap of Ireland. Certainly there are places in this country that make the senses more enjoyable. than this?! The caretaker of the shepherd, Gary (Simon Peacock) warns Karen and her students to stay on the road and not seduce in the bush. There is a myth about the Sawney Bean Clan, a ritualist grape cannibalistic inbred family, celebrating Samhain (late summer, October 31), "Feest of the Dead", where sacrifices are needed to satisfy the spirits. Gary is apparently clairvoyant, his cousin Pandora (Ginger Lynn Allen) tells us because he was born on Samhain. Funny, because he probably doesn't see the outcomes well or even gives accurate advice. Almost everyone dies (even those who never depart from the road) and he doesn't even see his own gruesome fate. What this monster hears our breathing is a victim of too much inbreeding. His face looks like a deformed mushroom and it looks like a horrible rejection of a Mad Max picture. It doesn't take long before the "evil breeder" kills everyone. Paul (Howard Rosenstein) is Karen's love affair that made the wrong decision to Ireland without the knowledge of his girlfriend. <br /> <br /> Terrifying formula shooters don't fall off the norm. It's tiny budget shows aloud and the characters are societal cliches that are cut out to be slaughtered in the usual greedy ways. Most of the violence flashes quickly over the screen with little on the growers' lethal acts against his victims. Many guts are pulled out during the quick editing cuts like one scene to another whisper. To see Gillian Leigh's beautiful naked body for a moment or two is not enough to recommend it. Phil Price has the really annoying trickster character, Steve, often turns off bad jokes. How can he get Leigh's Barbara naked in the shower for any action, is anyone's guess because I have no reason why he would have a chance with such a hottie. Brandi-Ann Milbrant has the happy role of Shae, the quiet virgin girl (who is also quite hot), who we know will be the one chosen by the script to survive. Jenna Jameson goes long enough to cut her heart out of her chest (we see her breasts opened shortly before her chest) with a few small lines over two missing friends she is looking for. The main problem with the film is that the story and character development come to a halt because it realizes that none of them is interesting at all, so director Christian Viel just let go of his monster to make a rampant caused by massacre. within ten minutes. Oh, and Richard Grieco came to a slight opening as a victim who stormed the road to tent camp with his visit.
