I'm a big fan of the Spaghetti Western Genre, and I usually like the cheapest made. However, infamous director Demofilo Fidani is well known for some of the cheapest, trashiest, and worst genre contributions. The sites of Fidani's movies were usually very poor, and since his talent was fairly limited, he usually sold the movies by adding famous Spaghetti Western names such as "Django" from "Sartana" to the titles. In the special case of "Gi첫 La Testa ... Hombre" of 1971 he just added the title "Gi첫 La Testa" by Sergio Leone (aka "Duck You Sucker") and added "Hombre". The movie is under different titles ("Fistful Of Death", "Western Story" ...), I personally bought it under the name "Adios Companeros", which shares this movie with another Fidani movie with almost the same role , <br /> <br /> The plot is rather poor, it actually follows a man named Macho Callaghan (Jeff Cameron) and a man named "Adios Companeros". his involvement with two conflicting illegal gangs led by Butch Cassidy (Jack Betts) and Ironhead (Gordon Mitchell). <br /> <br /> The top performance by Jeff Cameron is kindly said, not very convincing. I also didn't find Jack Betts very good as 'Butch Cassidy'. However, film legend Gordon Mitchell is always worth it, and although he was probably not a very good actor, I always found his performances in the Spaghetti Westerns quite funny and original, and he actually has Fidani movies saved. There is a very funny and original thing about "Gi첫 La Testa ... Hombre" - the great Klaus Kinski plays a priest! I could suggest Kinski in any role, but before I saw this movie, I would never guess anyone would throw him as a priest. Kinski is good again, although he has only a small screen-time, and one scene where he breaks a battle is probably the only good scene in this. Another interesting thing about this movie is that the legendary director and king of sleaze Joe D'Amato did cinematography. <br /> <br /> "Gi첫 La Testa ... Hombre" is a cheap, crazy movie, yet, it has a few funny moments. As a Spaghetti Western enthusiast, I watched it look good, but if you are not, you should never keep this movie in mind, or just watch it for the purpose of playing Kinski as a priest. 10/03
