In 1914 Charlie Chaplin started making photos. This is made for Mack Sennett (also known as "Keystone Studios") and is literally set apart. The short comedies had very little structure and were completely ad libbed. As a result, the films, though popular in their day, were only terrific by today's standards. Many of them have a strong resemblance to home movies with unpleasant relatives who are endearing to the camera. Many others show the characters wandering in front of the camera and doing pretty little. And, regardless of the outcome, Keystone sent them straight to the theaters. My assumption is that all movies should be pretty bad at this time, as the Keystone movies with Chaplin were very successful. <br /> <br /> Today, the Charlie Chaplin we know and love has only developed with Keystone in Chaplin's career. By 1915, he signed a new lucrative contract with Essenay Studios, and the films improved dramatically with Chaplin as director. Sometimes, however, these films were sometimes very rough and not particularly memorable. No, Chaplin as the cute Little Tramp was still developing. In 1916, when he switched to Mutual Studios, his films improved again and became the recognizable nice man. In many of the previous films, he was only for a while (or he became very drunk, defeated women, challenging battles with innocent people, etc.). The final evolution of his Little Tramp into classical status took place in the 1920s due to his full-screen films. <br /> <br /> It is interesting that this film is called TWO MINUTES OF LOVE, as the movie is only about 10 minutes away! Oh good. The plot, which is little there, involves the Little Tramp in the park. A couple want to neck but inexplicably, Charlie insists on virtually sitting on the couple's lap and it's really annoying. I can't understand why and the short consisted of Charlie wandering across the park, irritating these people and some others later in the movie. Maybe he was looking for a trio, I don't know. But the film is not coherent and just not funny - even when people start beating and pushing each other into the lake. A typical poor effort before Chaplin began to give his character a plot and personality.
