First, it earns about 5 stars due to acting (some that will give me a better subjective opinion and NOT should give an objective one as it should by giving this one, WELL DESERVED, star), but then I know that use those facts for the actor (S) NAME to increase the onslaught of something like this ... <br /> <br /> I have a problem with such productions; Another attempt (just like "undetectable") of a systematic propagandist function that promotes government interference on your rights (how interesting it is at an instant when IPS providers try to "preferentiate" = CENSOR information and the Americans and Canadians are fighting behind them at these moments). this time is not by labeling torrent file transfers as angry (it was meant to remind you of such a feeling when communicating data on the internet), but by literally trying to get a sexually frustrated population as a whole create. SEMS AS FEAR PROMOTION IS HOLLYWOOD'S NORM THIS DAYS, especially when it comes to vibrators that have been the most "on demand" movie genre over the past two decades. Most viewed, the best way to influence society as a whole. such levels of violence are depicted in these two attributes of moral and "ethical" people. It gives a new, essential meaning to "anti-heroes" figures. Don't make a mistake, it's NOT DEXTER meant to be high quality entertainment. STOP SELLING "FEAR" please, the world would be a better place without it and the dollar made from it. <br /> <br /> The opening scene and generally the first 10 minutes really give a frightening picture of an Erroll Babbage suffering from sexual frustration. The way he handles the black man is very disturbing if it's not quite racist (surely a "cliche"). In real life someone will probably get a beat, you will see what I mean. The second scene (with Claire Danes' character present) is even more extreme. at that stage I realized that Erroll Babbage is a very dangerous individual to people around him. How many people who have seen or watched this movie have never been by themselves (with regard to both sexes), GENERAL SATISFACTION !? The movie usually gives an extreme CRIMINAL issue (which has been unfortunate, and is likely to happen sometime somewhere), but fingers all else indirectly as well as "you can become", etc. Someone familiar with Sigmund Freud and Jung knows very well that sexuality is not judged, let alone "asses" by such a fanatic "hero" here. Safe sex in its many forms IS healthy and not an evil that apparently is occupied by Richard Gere's character, heading for some sexual "crusades". have we learned nothing from the abundant recent scandals involving priests and young boys? or how long can an American teenager see a serious collision on a pg-13, but can't even see a women's bust up to R-18? (However, the industry intends with these very same sexual perversions as "American pie" series). Touch the child tester one level, but frustrate them and drive them underground in the development of fetishes to unhealthy outbursts! all sexual activities (on reciprocal acceptance) integrate individuals better than a "real" neutral case, it estimates its irregularities and shortcomings to "the lives of others" (a new German movie that will work well to separate these 2 different and world compare features on the same topic). Here, as in that movie, you'll probably appreciate the actors for portraying the opposite of what they should have been. <br /> <br /> I'm very disappointed with Richard Gere especially at the recent "hunting party", a feature he really shines on and about a more realistic "hero" (to the right facts as well). But then I just remember that all those people are just actors who are paid for someone's political and social agenda. "the herd" and "undetectable" 2 heads of the same hidden animal))) just remember if someone with similar views on the subject as a whole chin, like Erroll Babbage has those here, to remember them for their own safety . They will kill my family faster, then any 0.00001 chances of Paul Jerrod in anyone's life ... <br /> <br /> will end up recommending. I recommend to anyone who thinks negatively about MY "assesment" of this particular movie (and "receptive" actually), so you can probably have similar thoughts as I did. nothing sweeter than a propagandic movie that itself is shot in the "foot".))) once I agree with the rating, it's not a feature for teenagers or kids; simply because they would best confuse even more than the "general" belief of "money + fame + fashion" and how it relates to sexuality. "scream" series and movies as such. At least a defined entertainment value (even as a stupid one in my opinion). but this one is just another "trust me i know what is good for you" deep (not so well done i can add) subliminal messages.
