It's so ... you're in the DVD and the most professional thing you'll see in the next ninety minutes is the logo of the distribution company. And at this point you know you've just walked around. <br /> <br /> Generally, people trust enough to assume that if something is put on DVD, it will be of a certain level - at least financially if not creative. But unfortunately this is not the case. Distribution companies are quite happy to bring together amateur movie DVDs and send them straight into the stores to await the unsuspecting buyer pulled in by the well-designed DVD cover. The weight behind this particular project is probably independent horror movie pioneer Kevin J Lindenmuth, whose name may be known by genre fans, as he is responsible for several other low-budget werewolves - "Rage of the Werewolf", "Werewolf Tales" and so on. . <br /> <br /> "Werewolf Blood" consists of three short, independent real-life conjugal stories, except the fact that they handle hereditary shapeshifters. The first segment, Blood Reunion, sets the tone for the whole thing pretty much ... a man returns to his hometown to look for a girl who has fallen in love just to find her dominant grandmother refuses to to have relationships with men and for reasons related in some way to a dark family secret. This installment is poorly targeted, poorly targeted and basically nothing better than you can throw yourself with a few friends and a home video camera. <br /> <br /> The second story, "Old Blood", is probably the strongest of the three and is run by Lindenmuth himself. It tells the story of a lesbian couple, one of whom is a form change and the other wants to give this power. Her wish is granted, but she does not become the creature she intended. This short film shows that Lindemuth has more talent and experience than the other filmmakers working on this project, but still not enough to raise it above the level of an amateur movie. <br /> <br /> And finally, we have Manbeast, in which an army man walks through the forest while being chased by two other fellas. They want to kill him as he was bitten by the animal and believed it was dangerous is, but everything may not look like it. This one has an interesting concept, but it is stretched out to be too long, and if you don't guess what the "twist" in the first ten minutes is, you're probably Not too bright, this pretty much takes up the problem with this whole DVD ... some good ideas just aren't enough to spend money on something like that. After all, you would pay for a picture you gave you could have painted?
