First of all I would like to say that I like the sketch of the "Ladies' Man" on SNL. I always laugh aloud at Tim Meadows' depiction of Leon Phelps. However, there is a difference between an 8-minute sketch and a movie. See how Leon does his show and makes obscene comments to his listeners and comes with all sorts of segments for his performance, such as "The Ladies Man Presents ..." reminiscent of "Alfred Hitchcock Presents ..." is absolutely hilaries. There's a big episode where Cameron Diaz plays Monica Lewinski, and Leon plays Bill and they call it "The Oral Office." See, it's funny !!! <br /> <br /> In the movie we don't see Leon too much on the show. In fact, he is kicked out of almost every radio station in the country. And the plot revolves around his quest for true love, which includes a mystery letter taken from his houseboat, signed by "Sweet Thing." Karyn Parsons, who is known for playing Hillary on "Fresh Prince or Bel Air," works with him on the show and has a secret love of Leon. The movie just falls on one boring subplot after another. And the gags are also boring. The first time we see that Leon calls the word "cheek", it's pretty funny. When he uses it over and over, trying to get a laugh, the joke ran. Most of the jokes he uses in the movie are jokes we've heard before, and done better on the SNL sketch and played for an hour and twenty-five. They even try a musical number by entering Will Ferrell and his gang of women killers. Everyone wants to destroy him because their wives have had a relationship with him to bring some life into this whiteish comedy. Ferrell has a few funny moments, and tries to make the most of an otherwise unknown role. Ferrell has just that unique comic talent, and he is funny about almost anything he does. Even Julianne Moore gets a cameo. To look at her, you can't but wonder. "What is hell, is an Oscar-winning actress doing in this movie?" Her name was not mentioned in the opening credits - probably by her consent. And of course, a movie of this theme should include the Master of Love himself, Billy Dee Williams. Billy Dee is as always charismatic, but even he cannot breathe enough life into this movie. I also have to add that the soundtrack is full of soft R&B hits, which even harms the movie, and it shows a terrible downward tone - as if the writing isn't boring enough. I mean, it's "supposed" to be a comedy. The soundtrack would be suitable for something like "Love Jones." <br /> <br /> "The Ladies" just laughed sporadically. There are exceptions in which SNL can produce a good movie from a short sketch. See both of the Wayne's World movies, and you'll see how it's done. But this movie, like the adaptation of Mary Catherine Gallagher's character to screen in "Superstar", shows the flip side. Some sketches are meant to be memorized on SNL and not on the silver screen. <br /> <br /> My Score: 3 (out of 10)
