Many of the main characters in Hideo Gosha's 1969 movie Hitokiri (killer, aka "Tenchu" - celestial) were real historical figures (in the "western" name order format): Ryoma Sakamoto, Hampeita Takechi, Shimbei Tanaka, Izo Okada, ___ Anenokoji. The name "Hitokiri", a historical term, refers to a group of four super warriors who, in the mid-1800s, murdered key figures in ruling Tokugawa Shogunate under the command of Takechi, the leader of the "loyalist" (ie. ultra-nationalist, pro-emperor) faction of the Tosa clan. What did this fight work for? Unfortunately to say, you won't find out in this movie. "Brilliant History Lesson" !! No, Gosha is much more interested in showing you the usual bloody cuts and dicing and (on absurd length) the inner torment of the non-very bright killer Izo Okada as in revealing real history. Sakamoto, for example, was someone of historical interest, considered the father of the Imperial Japanese Navy. The closest Gosha comes after providing a history lesson is the scene in which Sakamoto, who sees Takechi as a traitor of the Loyalist cause, comes to Takechi's house to try and embrace him ideologically. He begins by talking about the international political situation, with foreign warships in Japan's ports and a Japan that is too weak to defend against them. Want to know more? Sorry. Gosha cuts off this potentially fascinating lecture in the middle sentence (!). So much to tell his audience about a turning point in Japanese history. <br /> <br /> The movie completely confused me about the goals of the two sides in this battle. For the two and a half centuries that the Shogunate held central power in Japan, it was an institution dedicated to preventing social change, preserving the feudal relationships of society. It was terrified of outside contamination, both ideologically and technologically. In keeping with this spirit, it forbids firearms, the instruments of "leveling" in Europe and the Americas, with which a farmer could rise to a samurai. During this time, the emperor was nothing more than a spiritual figure. <br /> <br /> But in the towns that stood in neutral zones between the feudal feasts, a new class of traders, owners and artisans developed - the class in Europe by its French name, the bourgeoisie , known. Inevitably, as this new class became stronger, it was hampering the many boundaries of feudal society. As in Europe, the king (Emperor) became the central figure in the bourgeoisie's struggle for power against feudal nobility. But a political leadership does not always understand the interests of the class it serves. When the outside world hit a blow in the form of American Admiral Perry's "Black Ships" in 1853, the ruling elite of Japan was thrown into crisis. Their army was not a match for these foreigners. They also heard about the devastation of the British and French imperialists in China. What should Japan do to save itself from the fate of its poor neighbor? Surprisingly, some elements within the usually isolation Shogunate tended to trade with foreigners to obtain their advanced technology. This is the position represented only in the Sakamoto movie. On the other hand, the Emperor loyal ultra-nationalists, represented by Takechi, believed they could hold the aliens by force if they could just prevent the other fraction from selling out the country. (Sound known?) So, the killing of key Shogunate figures is in order - and we go away. <br /> <br /> For me, Takechi's motivation was the biggest puzzle of the movie. Gosha suggests that he fights mainly for his personal progress rather than for the loyalist. Can we take it to represent the loyalist's tenor as a whole? (Do you care?) <br /> <br /> Several reviewers have compared this movie favorably with Goyokin, which made Gosha the same year. But, where "Goyokin" is a creaking, exciting adventure yarn, with a hero worthy of sympathy, "Hitokiri" is plundering, nowhere so compelling and such a hero. Sakamoto could have been the movie's hero, but we may not know him - neither for what he stands - good enough for him to achieve that status. <br /> <br /> In light of his wonderful scores for five previous Kurosawa films, Masaru Sato's score here, was very disappointing, and sounded like something rejected from a Bonanza episode. <br /> <br /> Barry Freed
