I reviewed videos for Joe Bob Briggs's legendary "We Are The Weird" newsletter. I saw a lot of stinkers, but it was by far the worst, and those years weren't that cool - it remains the most indecent crime against cinema I've ever seen. Don't misunderstand me - CAGED TERROR is nominally more technically competent than, say, MONSTER-A-GO-GO or THE GUY FROM HARLEM or something. What makes me claim to be Worst Movie Of All Time is his unique blend of naked skill with crippling pretense. Is this a Vietnam comment? An ecological protest? An encouragement to race riot? A study of man's inhumanity to man? A new exercise in natural materials that fill to (almost) function length? In short: a young young urban professional (possibly the most scary character ever) somehow entices a mercy-Asian-American fellow in the bush in the bush with him. After spending an hour with a quasi-philosophical slap, they walk over two wandering veterans, the memorable Jarvis (a righteous brother) and the Troubadour (Guitar-Toting Manson Family rejected). Hey, a plot turn! Stress! Action! Stress! Well, no, it's just a climate that is a closed-in-a-makeshift-wire-chicken-coop-and-light-belittled scene. The victim in question is staring at the prisoners and mumblers in vain, "No ... no ... please ... don't ..." Meanwhile, Jarvis counts the Troubadour as Trouby once every two minutes. nothing as much as the stranger star of Juan Picquer's POD PEOPLE. It's about everything that happens in CAGED TERROR, and such a synopsis may make it almost acceptable. But trust me, I've seen thousands of movies in my life and this one has remained the worst ever for the past eight years since I first saw it. (I once every two years in the old video recorder, just to reassure myself and reassure myself.) I think the element that makes CAGED TERROR so particularly hateful is: very little happening and even though little is happening happens very poorly and fairly slowly, which really makes it uncompromisingly irreconcilable is the stifling sense that the filmmakers actually want to push a kind of message into your throat. But because CAGED TERROR is so incompetent and ineffective, what was meant by a civil lesson was an intense viewing accident course. This film is 75 minutes long and feels like three and a half hours. It's terrible, really really terrible. People, trust me, I have GHOSTS who are still running and this one is worse. Go see it! You will thank me. And curse me. Just for the record, my favorite line: (In CAGED TERROR, but maybe ever) "Yes, you probably think the song of Solomon was an allegory for Christ's love for the church ...!" (NOTE: Must be delivered in a tone of concepts.)
