I see quite a few positive reviews on this board, and trying to revive this movie from its slender status and to start a cult. I see the usual ranting - "I think this movie is just not for the easily offended," "This movie is not Shakespeare," etc. Guess what? It wasn't a road trip either! And I laughed at me during the movie! There is a way to make a rough, tasteless comedy and laugh; and there is a way to ... just make it raw and tasteless. "Torn" tries to be "Swingers" without the white or intelligence. It seems to have been written by the childish eyes of a 14-year-old boy. For the sake of God, the characters in this movie are supposed to be white-collar, upright citizens - and they talk like some idiots I knew in high school in high school! The dialogue is cut - more like drowning - with four words. You will think that people of their status will have some intelligence - and a more comprehensive vocabulary. Just look at a Whit Stillman movie and you'll see the difference. Not to mention the fact that the dialogue seems totally unrealistic and straight-forward. Knowing any successful white-collar businessmen who speak like the characters in this movie, please let me know and introduce me. Their annoying sexual banter is equivalent to that of the standard locker room chatting among teenagers who only arrive at puberty. There is absolutely NO insight into relationships, sex or ... anything !!! It's just a bad excuse to portray a settlement extremely - and don't take the word "utterly" for granted, because I mean it with my whole heart - rough gags. It's gags without dust. Gags intended for green as well as laughter. The scene at the end between Amanda Peet and her girlfriends was completely unsettled and totally unconvincing. There are some movies that include interaction between women written by (straight) men and playing wonderfully. This scene involves a barrier to sexual metaphors and gestures. It involves the kind of dialogue that you can never imagine leaving a woman's mouth. It was one of those noticeably-written-for-one screens. I didn't believe it for a moment. <br /> <br /> "Torn" is purely a sick male fantasy that is as flat as it is annoying. I have (very) little laughed at this completely forgetful comedy, and that was probably a result of despair. If you're not laughing for a long time, you're desperately looking for humor in the most trivial things. So I will not mark it as a positive point.
