As a music student myself, I thought a movie in a conservatory might be nice to watch. Little did I know ... (I didn't think this movie was based on a book by Britney Spears). This movie was impossible. It is obvious that anyone who wrote the script will never sit down in a conservatory and know nothing of classical music. Let me give you just a few examples: 1) There is NO way to be admitted to a classical conservatory without any classical training! Having just a nice pop voice is not enough, besides, it's another thing altogether - another genre, different technique. It's like playing the violin when you apply for a viola class. 2) How was the lady who taught music theory in the singing jury? If she wasn't a singing professor herself, she wouldn't say in such a situation, and if she was a singing professor, why wasn't that so? 3) To be able to read music is a necessity if you are starring in music. 4) How did Angela get that videotape? It would be kept confidential just for the jury's eyes. Now she also got the band from one of the professors or the writing writers just had no idea. I wonder what ... 5) The singing professor told Holly the Carmen song that she had the series, which she clearly did not do. Yes, she was able to sing the notes, but Carmen is a mezzo soprano, while Holly's voice looks lighter in timbre, not compatible with that song. 6) Worst of all: Not only does the movie show a shocking ignorance when it comes to classical music, but it doesn't even try to hide it. The aria who sings Angela is unrecognizable, a fact that is painfully blatant in consideration, where it is cut off in a shameful way. Mozart will roll over in his grave. The Habanera of Carmen has sometimes become a bit strange and the way it is rearranged just shows how few producers really think of classical music. It's stiff and dull, but hey, add a few drums and electric guitars and it's almost as good as Britney Spears! I know these are small details, but it would have been so easy to avoid them with just a little research. Anyway, I could have chosen to suspend my unbelief if the characters and the plot were well worked out. But without that, I really can't find any redeeming features in this movie except for one: it's good for a laugh.
