I was excited when I heard that they were finally making this terrible event in a movie. The whole era (1980's Southern California) and topic (drug and porn industry) is interesting to me. I thought it would hit a certain fire. I wasn't excited about Kilmer's choice as Holmes. They do not look like in physical appearance or ways. I think he sells tickets? However, I was prepared to overestimate it and give it a fair shot. I was a little shocked that there were only four other people in the whole theater with me on the first day of the show. Now the whole crime and story in the movie is hard to do, I will admit it. There were no witnesses of this very violent and brutal act. John Holmes was there, but he was also a pathological liar and worried about what would happen to his family (and himself) if he spoke to the police about it. In fact, Holmes never really testified about what happened and the crime went unresolved. So it was still one big mystery, a mystery that this movie does nothing to shed light on. The person who wrote the script had a lot of discretion and most of the main characters were dead. However, there is no real storyline, it is fragmented claptrap. The script is light and the actors are trying hard to tear paper thin lines by persuading them. The film gives no insight into Holmes or the other people involved. Kilmer's character disappears for long regions, his girlfriend is dull, police are joking. Even Kudrow is trying hard to make a faint role. It's a very shallow piece and I dare say, boring. The director even tries to turn it into a love story. What's nice, unless you know something about what a piece of garbage John Holmes really was. Maybe some views of Anderson's "Boogie Nights" have helped here. "Boogie Nights" was innovative and exciting in all respects. This film on the other hand was flat and without any real charm or style. Even the music is out of place, with Duran Duran playing in a scene that was supposed to take place in 1980. Then we have Gordon Lightfoot? Gordon Lightfoot? There could be a good movie based on this horrific event, but I haven't seen it yet. I haven't seen a decent one yet (unless you consider the Rahad Jackson scene of Boogie Nights).
