Takashi Shimizu had a great opportunity with a remake of his original film, Ju-On The Grudge. While I did not see the movie, I have to dare to see more imagination and originality (or a ripe originality, in other words, skill with famous ghost film of the Japanese ghost film) than in its own directed remake. Perhaps the script is written somehow, it has some kind of drained appeal, or I will hear access to the American audience. What starts with some potential - the hint of something that is very much turned on with Bill Pullman's sudden move - just goes into a total jumble. And as a horror movie? Gimme a break. <br /> <br /> Tension could be built on the situation. A nurse is going to take care of a disturbed woman in a haunted house, but he interrupts everything he wants her to feel. . Scary? How about some music timing just so you know when exactly something is expecting. A black cat? Yes, why not just make the ghost boy like a creepiness cat that is just creepy if you want cats. Plot? Why not just move between the past and the present, without telling a real flow of how a story can be told (meaning the flashbacks are inserted and meant to be organic with the story overall, it is Don't matter we care about anyone in the throw. <br /> <br /> By then, the characters, or those out there, care about telling us what's going on or whatever, there's little point to give. The movie recording is scary (that is, the 180 degree rule is often over and not broken in a forgiving or intriguing way) and the performances are even when they are scared or shocked. (Gellar is particularly disappointing, but Pullman, who arrives later in his first scene, is very disappointed). Even when Shimizu tries to get some average old "Boo" slips, such as when the woman is in the office and driven by the Grudge spirit, it's still stupid. Just look when she goes on the elevator and the ghost is in the background of shots. Either you will go with it, and if so more power for you, or you will laugh hysterically at the results. Count me in the latter. <br /> <br /> I'm not quite sure where this project went wrong - was it Shimizu who had to rethink it for the studios, or didn't give enough space to refurbish its vision? Or maybe Raimi has said something and made things more confusing and / or boring than they would be with someone else. The grudge gives us lots of information that doesn't make sense or at least gives us some horror feeding to chew. It's a cineplex trash of a sad order.
