Viewers who are all about it, including the title series (now funny), we believe it is a kind of film miracle, but trust my people, this is one of the most embarrassing bad movies you can ever see, and if you " David Niven plays a doomed and bravado-injured RAF pilot who thinks somehow it is appropriate to take an impressive part. (female) air traffic controller in an emotional conversation about love, just as he sticks to his certain and fiery death. (It's not romantic ...) Of course he is spared by a bad metaphysical chance, and rinsing on the beach, just as the airline is riding on her bike. (They are immediately affected). <br /> <br /> Look past the bizarre gay-erotic sub-texts (so you should call them super-text, from a naked boy who has put in the sand the movie's twilight-zone-esquire theme on his flute, after a heavenly courier so champion / queen and his makeup is more thorough than the ladies shit), the most bizarre aspect of the movie is how it weaves so bad caricature. of national and racial stereotypes in a winding effort to argue a kind of point about the universal nature and power of love. We get it - flying boys like girls in skirts and heels and girls like them back, and apparently, all you have to do is cry a little to make it good for your movie to get 10 stars on IMDb . . <br /> <br /> Regarding the quality of production, the continuity / editing is poor enough to cause cringing, and the lighting may be worse than that, but you hardly have time to notice because the writing is so bad. There are games played with Technicolor (whichever is for heaven, are black and white if you can find the meaning in it) and shadow, (so funny is my fellow-member who usually likes movies, actually cheers and laughs) then then the doctor's motorcycle finally landed in a fiery wreck) and freezing motion (which is funniest because the female lead is so poor to stand still, you know the stage where the hands were off the camera). <br /> <br /> The best shots are early on the beach, but after that it's all downhill. The (moves like an escalator). Stairs are almost the Odessa steps, and I really want to be careful that anyone feels that they should see this lame attempt to film on their account. The movie in general is bad enough to be funny, and it's about the best thing I can say for that.
