Well, what's the chance! At the right moment when a few redneck amateur scientists discover cave paintings indicating that a kind of dinosaur monster inhabited the area thousands of years ago, a burning meteor falls into the lake and spontaneously breeds a monster's egg lying there. has. ?? For over a thousand years, I think! "The Crater Lake Monster" is a film that has to be seen literally to be believed, but you do it better in the company of many friends and a heap of ganja to digest the health a little easier. Yes, it's a terrible movie with the biggest ramshackle show imaginable and numerous irrelevant padding interactions that are really embarrassing, but it's also irresistibly charming and so uncomfortable that you just have to love some love for it. Half of the movie ?? at least ?? turn on the crazy adventures of Arnie and Mitch. These two local yokels own and manage a boat rental shop near the lake, but spend most of their days wearing their noses and frightening about fascinating things like spelling the word "bait". It is mostly during their prototypical Laurel & Hardy situations that new splashes of blood or decomposed heads are discovered in the lake. Steve Hanson, the heroic but not exactly sharp Sheriff, is on the point, but only if he's not too busy chasing big city travelers traveling through the area. Halfway through the movie there is suddenly a sudden scene of a thief who robs a liquor store and kills two people in the process. This handbook "WTF" moment seems to take on the whole other side of the country, like in New York City or something, and has absolutely nothing to do with the events happening at Crater Lake. Just like twenty minutes later, the robber appears again in Hicksville and there is a "thrilling" rush through the woods and ending in the Dino's hungry snout. The absurd little detail in "The Crater Lake Monster" is too much to mention! For example, it's probably the only creature feature in which players discover the mandatory giant footprint after they've already seen the actual monster. The goofs in continuity should be legendary as far as I'm interested. It's like everyone forgets to notice. Night turns in twilight in day and back in twilight? everything during one and the same daily course! The monster is undoubtedly the best aspect of the movie, especially as it is achieved by good old-fashioned and adorable stop-motion effects. The cute beef is a Plesiosaur; which means that an aquatic dinosaur looks like a crossbread between Denver's Last Dinosaur and an alligator. "Crater Lake Monster" is a unique and memorable movie experience that I can only encourage to find! The unfortunate 1 out of 10 rating is just out of principle (and because it's basically a very bad movie) it needs to be put in perspective, because I can have given just 10 out of 10 for pure entertainment value.
