I never understood why some people like Bollywood movies: they have charismatic actors, great dance numbers, and increased emotions - which do not like? What I didn't realize was that I first saw the bolster of Bollywood. Then I looked at "Garam Masala". I can tell from the first scene that it was not a movie I was going to like (filming with a two-sided montage to drive a city around and apparently through a series of photo summaries populated with mischievous models I was hoping things would improve. Unfortunately, they didn't. The biggest problem is that the two protagonists, Mac & Sam, are completely inactive. They spend the whole movie on women - and lie brutally - to get them to bed, and the audience is supposed to find it funny, and is charmed. The boys are unscrupulous and careless, and not in a sweet way. Mac even goes so far that one of the women has dried up to prevent her from discovering his fraud. The writing is extremely poor, with repetitive scenes, set-up that never leads to anything, and illogical acts and utterances of the characters. In fact, the characters were never really developed. The males are drab, greedy jerks, and the women are just interchangeable. If you go through this movie, you would think "air females" are pretty easy from man to man. In reality, betrayal is not so humorous. <br /> <br /> The only glances I found in the movie were one of the brilliant sets of dancing, and a few slapsticky moments in French farce, aspects of the story. But Bollywood dance is better enjoyed in movies choreographed by Farah Khan. And for slapstick you can just as well go to the quiet comedies of Buster Keaton and Harold Lloyd, which apparently didn't affect a little writer / director Priyadarshan. Priyadarshan also takes false credit for finding out the story: the basic premise of the plot is stolen from the 1960s play "Boeing Boeing." The original author of that work, Marc Camoletti, is nowhere credited. At least Priyadarshan changed the title for this remake, rather than using the original without giving credit, as he did in his 1985 version of the same story. (According to IMDb's credit list.)
