Based on the average short story of horror writer Stephen King about the so-called Sleepwalkers' old and immortal cat-like creatures sucking life out of virgins so that this energy can sustain them. They have supernatural abilities. They can make themselves dull. 'which means they become invisible and create subliminal mirages to deceive people. They fled people for centuries, of which we were told and one by one were picked up until there were only two left. The movie starts when a beautiful mother and her son come in a sleepy village, they are the last of the sleepers and they are on the prowl for virgins to educate. The mother sends out her son to enroll at the local high school, so he can find a virgin, he does (Madchen Amick) and continues to get her alone so that he can suck her dry. It is not made clear why the mother cannot find virgins themselves. This will make it easier as teenage boys are much more likely to follow an older beautiful woman to a secluded area if a teenage girl follows a teenage boy. However, his plans are being thwarted while the girl fights back and puts a pencil in his ear. The police are called and the hunt is on!. The boy is sick of his injuries and so the mother goes to the side of the chicks killing the left and dead police in her hunt for the girl who hurt her son and hurt a painful mouth. Eventually, the girl kills the moon-end of the film. This movie is junk! The acting is variable, from the average Brian Krause to the excellent Alice Krige. The special effects are averaged and show some early computer effects that are slightly interesting, as it shows how far such things have progressed in such a short time. The direction is astounded and the film falls in to camp in places. The director does not seem to be sure whether we should fear the sleepwalkers or sympathize with them, and when in doubt, the film may become hysterical. Stephen King makes a rather amusing cameo as an annoying gardener, like Mark Hamill, as a heater. Alice Krige seems to show the film, her character is given depth and she gives an indication of what the movie could have been with a better script and better direction.
