So on the Chills Network on the cable, they have "Vampire Month", I'm so drunk, but I love vampires. So after a few duds they showed, I was disappointed, but then I noticed that Sleepwalkers were written by Stephen King. So I decided to go ahead and test it out, much to my surprise, this movie was really bad. Most Stephen King movies are entertaining and some are very scary. While Sleepwalkers were bad, it was a beautiful kind of bad. I had a good time laughing at this movie and just taking it for what it was. I never read Sleepwalkers, from what I understand it is King's only true vampire story, so I can't really compare the book to movie. I don't know if it was just my TV, but Sleepwalkers looked like it was made for TV. The special effects were corny and the story was a bit far-fetched, even though it was fantasy, it had many problems. <br /> <br /> Charles Brady and his mother Mary are vampires who feed the power of virginity. They are much more resilient than humans and have powers of both telekinesis and illusion. Their one weakness is cats that can not only see through their illusions, but whose claws are capable of causing serious deadly wounds on them. They also maintain a complex relationship. Charles and Mary established their residence in a small village in Indiana. Charles attends the local high school, and he meets Tanya Robertson in his creative writing class. Tanya doesn't suspect the right reason why Charles wants her so much; to take her life force for his mother, who is hungry. Initially, Charles seems to fall in love with Tanya. On their first date, however, a picnic at the nearby cemetery, Charles tried to discharge Tanya's life force while kissing her. As it happens, deputy sheriff Andy Simpson, who had previously tried to ban Charles for speeding, was driven by the cemetery and noticed Charles's car. When Tanya runs for him, Charles Andy brings him to death. When Charles then turns up his life-power-exhausting session with Tanya, the deputy's cat, Clovis, and nearly kills Charles by scratching his face and chest. Mortally wounded by Clovis, Charles stared back at Mary. Maria then seeks revenge on Tanya's family. <br /> <br /> To summarize this movie, expect the cheese to overflow. The scene for which Charles is attacking Tanya for the first time is very cliché and you hardly vote for Charles to win just because Tanya is one of the stupid women in horror movies. Then you should love the scene where Mary has a gun and shoots on a police car and somehow explodes the whole thing, God blesses Hollywood explosions and exaggeration. I take the movie for what it is, it's just as nice to be a dark comedy that I can just enjoy having fun. I'm not sure if that's what Stephen King wanted to see for his story, but he does have his typical cameo in the movie. So as I imagine if you watch this movie, just take it for what it is and no longer think it is sensible entertainment with short effects, bad decisions, a stupid story and enough cats to tell The Simpson's crazy cat lady make. "Wow, that's a lot of cats." <br /> <br /> 4/10
