I have to agree with some of the other comments and even go a step further. <br /> <br /> Nothing about this movie worked, absolutely nothing. Delmar's central character makes the decision to become a surrogate mother to earn enough money to buy a restaurant, but fall along the road for a wise ex-jailbird. At the same time, her friend Hortense is trying to get her lawyer boyfriend to finally marry her. She is also sleeping with Marlon who desperately loves her. Then there is Delmar's brother, Jethro, who is involved with a former chef addict, Missy, who reveals that she was sexually abused by her adopted father. On the sidelines we also have the eccentric mother, who has a variety of equally strange friends, one of whom dies at the beginning of the film on the bank. So far, but after the introduction of these characters and story lines that address life, death, sadness and love in the first half, the film only loses direction. <br /> <br /> If the author chose only one or two characters and allowed us to follow their stories, things would have been good, but equal screen time was given to everyone, with the result that no one had a story or character is full. developed. For example, why does Delmar think she will be able to hand over her child in exchange for money, especially if the prospective parents are a creepy lawyer and his semi-alcoholic and depressed wife? Why is Hortense so desperate to marry a man who is a push and doesn't love her clearly? How about Missy kicking her cooks habit overnight? Is Jethro regularly married to women with overwhelming problems, or is Missy the exception? Is Delmar and Jethro's mother always on the eccentric side, or is it a more recent development? Why is Jethro so keen on Cadillacs that he has one in the middle of his living room? Why did Moses put in prison for years to steal a car, a relatively minor crime? How does Delmar finally succeed in the birth of Moses' baby when there is no suggestion that they have ever had sex? <br /> <br /> These questions are put in the script, but unfortunately they are never answered. I can only assume that they were answered in the original novel and therefore the writer felt the need to include it all in writing. Big mistake. The loss of several subplots, especially the Hortense and Marlon stories, which do not add anything to the overall film, would have greatly strengthened things and provided more time to develop the Delmar, Jethro and Moses characters more clearly. central to the plot and underlying themes than anyone else. <br /> <br /> Add to that the most pedestrian range seen outside the average soap opera. The result is a huge missed opportunity for everyone, including Jorja Fox who does her best to rise above the material. I am not surprised that this was the director's last film, as this effort shows no evidence of a visual style or ability to tell a moving and intelligent story.
