This movie does not stick like others said. I really got it boring and stupid. The story is about this metal high school kid who idolizes this bad heavy metal singer. The singer dies, but not before making one last album to be played over the radio. Of course, midnight on Halloween (which actually means, is November 1, a much less powerful date to be sure). The child gets a copy of the record and it contains secret hidden play messages. It is also the key that opens the door so that the bad metal singer can return to bring destruction and death to the world. <br /> <br /> The first part of this movie is not at all a horror movie, but rather a post-school special. We see the metal kid (the outsider) over and over by the popular kids. And he fails to learn the most important lesson in high school movies: When the cool kids who bully you suddenly invite you to a party, DO NOT GO! It's a fall. Especially if it's a pool party. Anyone is surprised when he ends up in the water? It was such an after-school special that I waited for Melissa Sue Anderson to teach Jody Foster a lesson. <br /> <br /> So back to the horror part of the movie. In this way, this metal child gets some powers and instead of using them to kill the bully boys (which would have much more sense), he gets out of sight and tries to hurt all the bully boys and girls. What? A sensitive hero? What is fun in a horror movie? Thanks Carrie White did not follow this lesson. He actually tries to prevent the music from playing at the Halloween dance, the music that could unleash a force to kill all the kids who were mean to him. If it were me, I would have turned that music on, and pronto. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie is about this metal kid going into town and trying to kill the horrible metal star he abolished. Why not go with him and really do harm. Why do you ask? It looks like he is in love with one of the popular girls and doesn't want to hurt her. More suitable for a Molly Ringwald movie. Is it a horror movie or an episode of Beauty and the Beast? The movie just goes on and off, without horror, horror or anything worth watching. If you went to high school in the late 80's, as I did, this movie is great to get a little flash back on fashions and big hair, but this is for this movie. Save it and stay home and listen to just a few KISS.
