Antonioni, by making this film, accepted the role of Papa Smurf to all the little long-haired American radical student Smurfs. He took them under the guise of his European communist wings, appreciating and supporting their confused American ways. (These Smurfs are red and wear blue, not the other way around.) The radical Smurfs were fortunate in getting the guidance of a wise old man with gray hair who regularly came to the God of all long-haired Smurfs, Lenin the Communist, another wise old man whose beard made the Smurfs, took him even more seriously because it symbolized something sensible, although they did not quite know why they saw the beard to have this kind of profound influence on them. Castro, another wise bearded man, regularly benefited from this confusion and broadcast magical powers with his beard over his naive overseas admirers. (Not to say, Che Guevara: that beard has a certain je-ne-sais-pas-quoi about it, do you want to embrace Marx right away and his beautiful, pacifist teachings?) The film begins with a raging encounter with radical Stupid radical students involved in dialogues that really redefine the word "confused". So confused as a blindfolded dog falling from a high-rise building into a bottomless pit. Suddenly, the movie's "hero" (Antonioni's hero) rises and says something to his pathetic left-wing counterparts and then leaves, hoping that this "mega-coolness" performance will improve his James Dean image and significantly increase his chances. to be laid with the best "chicks" in the next mass hippie orgy. Eventually he gets into trouble with policemen (ie pigs) and spends the film under the blue American capitalist airspace, seeking freedom? Or something like that. <br /> <br /> Antonioni's predictable assault on capitalism is not only intellectually hollow, but has (or has) nothing new to offer; It's just the same old fast-paced one-dimensional policemen, businessmen discussing business discussions (and what's wrong with it, it's not how Antonioni's movies are made?), And endless shots of TV ads and billboards that are the oh-so morally familiar make decadent products for the horrible, selfish and greedy right-wing rabble population who don't think of anyone but themselves, their families, their work and their children. <br /> <br /> Just like his long-haired Smurfs and late-60s Smurfettes, Dad Smurf Antonioni saw the most obvious and important aspect of their stupid movement: they allowed their laughable meetings and express their anti-settling opinions freely in that establishment, while the students in those countries whose left-wing systems admired them did not (and still do). By far the biggest irony of the hippies - and of course Antonioni did not realize that too (his judgment being clouded by cocaine snorting and an excessive intake of LSD) - is that hippies were the rubbish of capitalism. It's an incredible irony. Only in a successful functioning capitalist system can you find that species called "hippie"; a spoiled, ungrateful and selfish bunch of middle and upper class losers. <br /> <br /> The movie is going on forever. Antonioni takes his sweet time to continue with it, including long points of futility, with a high dull factor. His attempts at symbolism are annoying and thin. His statements are, at best, highly questionable. This film is Antonioni's way of saying that violent revolution is the solution. And that's what we get from an old, saturated, dirty, thick movie maker living in villas and dines in the finest French and Italian restaurants. <br /> <br /> I don't remember a major Western movie about the massacre of the Tiananmen of thousands of students in China. But when a Western student is shot to blow Che Guevara's face in all our faces, we immediately get ten great movies. I think that means a Chinese life is a thousand times less than a Western man? at least to the left-wing hypocrites who infect movies. <br /> <br /> If you are a Marxist neo-hippie and don't like this horrible review, please click "NO" below.
