This film is definitely a product of its times and seen in any other context, it's an amazing silly movie. Heck, even in his proper context, it's pretty bad! Usually, this is due to a stupid plot and very self-reliant direction by the well-known Italian director Michelangelo Antonioni. In this case, he tried to record a very artistic style film with an anti-settling hippie film and only managed to produce a gigantic relationship bomb. <br /> <br /> The movie begins with a rap session where many "with it" put students around such platitudes as "power to the people" and complain about "the man". Considering most of these hippies, parents sent them to college, it was a bit stupid for these privileged children to complain so loudly and shout the revolutionary jargon. A little later, violence between the students and the "settlement pigs breaks out" and a policeman dies. Our "hero", Mark, may have done it, but he must be forced to prosecute. Instead of traveling to Mexico or Canada, he who does just a total moron steals a plane and flies it to the Mojave Desert! There he meets a "chick" and they sit for philosophy for hours. Then they have sex in one of the weirder sex scenes in the cinema history. As they turn around in the dust, other couples suddenly appear out of nowhere and there is a big orgy scene. While you see a little skin (an R-score guarantee), it's not as explicit as it could have been. In fact, it lasts so long and so choreographically that it only gets the mind. And of course, when they are finished, many, many other couples disappear into the air. <br /> <br /> Strangely, later the couple picked up the plane with some help and it looks a lot like a Peter Max creation. Despite improving the appearance of the aircraft, the police respond to his return from the plane by shooting the beautiful revolutionary. When the girl finds out, she goes into a semi-catatonic state and the film ends with her imagining the destruction of her own fascist pig parents and all the evil they face (such as hard work and responsibility). Instead of one simple explosion, you see the same big house exploding about 8 times. Then, inexplicably, you see TVs, fridges and other things exploding in slow motion. While it's dumb, it's pretty cool to watch - like David Letterman blowing things on his show or hitting the scene. <br /> <br /> Apart from a dim plot, the film is in great need of a single, equal character as well as extensive editing. At least 15 minutes can be easily removed to speed things up - especially since there is not so much plot or dialogue. The bottom line is that it is an incredibly stupid movie and I was not surprised to see it in Harry Few's The Harry Potter book. It's a well-deserved addition to this pantheon of crap. For such a well-known director to spend so much money producing such a crap-like movie, is a crime! <br /> <br /> Two final observations. If you like laughing at dull hippie movies, try the Billy JACK trial as well. Also, in the case of art that imitated life, President Mark Frechette, his chairman, acted in real life. He died in jail for a few years at the age of 27 after taking part in a revolution in which he and some friends robbed a bank and killed an innocent person. Dang hippies !!
