Provisional successor is credible to a great extent as a diabolic sociopath. Stanley Kaldwell this time enters the film production of the novel he wrote for the drowning of the garden. He killed the identity of a second unit director. <br /> <br /> Movie Poker entertaining fun in Hollywood, with a tongue-in-cheek script taking shots at tyrannical directors sleeping with their actresses (looking for a path on the ladder) and holding not from anyone who challenges them for the full spotlight. Brian Krause, who I thought was terrible, persuaded to the point where the satire forced incredibly, portraying the harsh, temperamental director who did not like the fact that his second unit director and scriptwriter Alison (played by Dahlia Salem) appears take over the production. Andrew Moxham is Paul Parsons, who is the brother of a victim of the first film. The movie's dark humor this time takes the idea of ​​a serial killer who really works as a director of a movie set and uses it for everything it is worth. Nelson goes back without any hassle in his soul role, with Stanley as smart as ever, using his brain to command a movie production. He kills who he should have to keep full control of his work so no one in his way. That's until Alison realizes who Stanley really is. Alison is the kind of ambitious writer who wants to capture the essence of her subject. What motivated Stanley to kill, why would he do such a thing and what did such a man do on this dark road? Alison's humor actually works with that man, is also part of the satire in the heart of this dark comedy thriller. Of course, you get the inevitable deposit between Alison and Stanley, with a very ridiculous, incredible conclusion about the killer's fate (a difficult pill to swallow). Unlike the first film photographed with sophisticated Polish, director Po-Chih Leong uses unnecessary unnecessary techniques (such as shooting a variety of strange angles, slow motion in a sepia color and several cases that caught on video) and rather annoyed rather than impressed. This successor, to me, was not as much on the target as the original, with lots of humor less effective and more obvious.
