Need a lesson in pure, inappropriate failure? Look no further than 'wizards of the lost kingdom', an uncomfortable, dirty arm, shame of a movie. As we all know, decent moovies tend to germinate horrible, abominable offspring: "Halloween" had many, bad 80's bracts; "Mad Max" has become many, very bad 80's "futuristic desert fantasy"; and "Conan the Barbarian" had a whole lot of terrible, terrible, amazingly bad 80's sword-and-magic movie. "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" scrapes the bottom of the 80's, in a way that is actually offensive to barrels. A young round, called Simon, recovered his "good kingdom" from a wicked wizard using a mangy back, a garden bowl, a topless bimbo mermaid and a tired, swanky Bo Svenson. Svenson ('North Dallas Forty', 'Inglorious Bastards', 'Delta Force'), a long b-moovie muskleman, hardly looks like his aluminum foil sword. However, he manages to defeat the forces of evil, consisting of the evil wizard, "Shurka", and his army of poorly-bought monsters, giants and midgets. At one stage, a paper mug falls on a rope, but is eaten by a 1/2 hidden sock puppet, which is zealously presented as a dragon. The beginning of the film consists of what can only be described politely as plays picked up from the cloakroom floor of udder bad moovies, tied together in the zealous hope of setting the scene for the film and narrating in an odd way by a guy never appeared again. Words cannot correctly convey the khaki cheapness of this movie; the producers probably spent moore moolah feeding on Svenson's growing veil than on the cute fx of this movie. And we're talking in here "Brie here, people ...: = 8P Director Hector Olivera (" Barbarian Queen ") offers this mish-mash in a hopelessly confused, confused and cleaved way, and destroys any possible hint of clear, linear storytelling . The acting is terrible, the production levels under shoe string, and the plot is one tired cliche to another paradise in front of our tired eyes. That they have actually made a successor (!!!) makes the MooCow's brain swirl. James Horner's ("Braveheart", "Titanic", "The Rock") is a cute moosic of "Battle Beyond the Stars". He was lifted, shouted and kicked and gracefully grafted on this turkey. . People, you have to see it to believe it. The MooCow says as a cheap rental if there is nothing else to look at, well, it's fun to look at dust dogs. Rare. : = 8P
