What we have here is a straightforward brilliant part of the early 80's incompetence that will even make the biggest producer of trash cinema completely speechless! "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" is a very cheap and cheesy fantasy / Sword-and-Sorcery adventure that doesn't have a real plot, but lends elements of other movies eagerly and shamelessly. Author Ed Naha and Hector Olivera (who?) Watched enough similar kind of movies to know they need a handful of essential characters, but presumably all the rest will follow automatically. To make a fantasy adventure, you need: one super-malicious villain (preferably with a black cap), one young hero in training, one lonely warrior, a lovely kind of furry pet, one wise midwife in the bush (optional ) and a very colorful collection of horrible demons, addicted dwarves, and winged gargoyle to serve as stuffing. The story is phenomenal and so original, with Simon, the young son of a wizard who has to flee from his beloved kingdom after evil magician Shurka took over and killed the king. Simon wants to go back and save the people, but that is why he needs his powerful ring that he lost during his escape. Simon is befriended by lonely warrior Kor (the usually cool guy, Bo Svenson, who clearly needed the paycheck), who assisted Simon during the long and devastating journey full of trials, dangerous encounters and magical actions. It does not sound that bad though, but it is simply because I have excluded all the wonderful, unclear details. For example, Simon has a best friend called Gulfax. Gulfax is an albino version of Chewbacca and calls on uncontrollable chuckles when he opens his poodle to make something incomprehensible. The obstacles during the journey back home are hilariously irrelevant to the "plot" and merely serve as a padding to cover the lack of real content. Simon has night vision in the tent of a suspicious bush. Kor sets up an old score with the greasy neck, whose sister he refused to marry and there is the so-called terrible 'suicide cave' where you can just sing your way. But the absolute most unequal brilliant sequence ?? Not just about this movie alone, but in the history of the theater? involves the resurrection of four zombie fighters. Simon wakes up the legendary brave warriors, hoping they will help them in their fight, but the rotting bodies only take a few steps, complaining about how tired they are and returning to their graves. That's it! So much for the zombie subplot! Best order ever! I can continuously report hilarious little details for various paragraphs, but you get the idea. "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" is an incredibly wasted "so-bad-it-good" movie. Word of advice: don't see this joyful piece of junk alone. Invite friends, preferably the bad-sense sense of humor, and watch it in groups. It will be an evening to remember ??
