From the start you know it's a Sam Sherman movie more than an Al Adamson movie, because if the credit roll appears, a Sam Sherman production appears in letters as big as the title credit. Not only that, Mr. Sherman wrote the screenplay and it was his idea to use Bob Livingstone, a 69-year-old Western star of the old Hollywood era, to be his male lead in a picture Sherman thought to capitalize on the recent success of "Swinging Stewardships". <br /> <br /> So why would you want a wrinkled old man as your male lead that is supposed to be a soft core exploitation feature? This is doubtful explanation, but it is Sam Sherman for you. His obsession with old Hollywood colored many of his films for Independent International Photos, and he and Al Adamson often tried to get movies for their films (eg J. Carrol Naish, Russ Tamblyn, Lon Chaney Jr., etc.) . . But Bob Livingstone? Tell me the demographic demographics knew who this 40 year old second rider was; It's ridiculous! <br /> <br /> But again, "Naughty Stewardships" was a successful picture for them, so we can't just write it as a Sherman fiasco. Yet, according to any aesthetic standard, it is a disjointed mess. All Adamson wanted from this picture, and it's easy to see why. First, it doesn't have any genre focus and drives from super soft core (tits and ass / simulated sex only) to a kidnapping thriller (shades of Steckler's Rat Pfink and Boo Boo!) Meanwhile, we are subjected to painfully boring rows of the stewardesses who are spinning around in Vegas to the tough music of Sparrow, or Richard Smedley and Connie Hoffmann on a San Francisco photo shoot. Worst of all, we get Bob Livingstone as a Jack LaLanne wannabe in a blue jersey trying to be sexy ... gag! (Fortunately, his big sex scene was removed with Connie Hoffmann, but you can catch him on her tits on the DVD in the Special Features section. Creepy.) <br /> <br /> It's a terrible, horrible movie, but I'll give it three stars for Gary Graver's photography and out of sympathy with Connie Hoffmann to make it with "Wrinkles" Livingstone. "Naughty Stewardesses" are for Al Adamson finalists and / or exploiters of film as Sam Sherman's comments provide important information. All others, SAFE.
