So is the dilemma (above) that Debbie needs at the end of this Sam Sherman production, Naughty Stewardesses. Debbie just hit the town, became a flight attendant, slept with an elderly rich man (which she described in his fifties, but of course the point reached a decade or two ago), shooting naked for a photographer she just met, and then the central element of a kidnapping / extortion plot. Through all this and amid all that emotional upheaval and soul research, what will Debbie do in heaven's name? Well, I can't completely give it away, but don't expect a real epiphany here. Let's look at it. Naughty Stewardships are exactly what they want (at least two-thirds): a soft core movie with many topless women and a funny in the kitchy 70's fashion movie. There is no great art here. The film was designed to earn money and at the time used an increasing tendency to put nymphomaniac stalwarts into films so that the audience could fervently live their voyeuristic tastes. According to today's standards, the film is pretty tame. What this movie is doing wrong is trying to be a kind of movie proposition at the end. Come here, anyone here, who believes Debbie's little thing while considering life on the beach. She will spend more time choosing which dumbbell top she will wear that day, then do it. And what about the ridiculous plot to steal 50 ground? It didn't make me sense, how did these characters dig it on the earth? Anyone who buys Cal as a member of the PLO (something like that) or even as a director for hardcore pornography? He'll be lucky enough to get work at Seven Eleven! This is, as another reviewer noted, more of a Sam Sherman piece than an Al Adamson piece. You can know when Al is in full control. There's virtually no budget and the movie doesn't look so smooth. Adamson does a decent job this time around and I need to give Sherman credit to a degree. While this movie is bad only for what it was meant for, it has a certain style to it. I like the opening credits with the animation and photos. I even liked Mus's music. "Silver Heels" was a somewhat catchy tune. The movie doesn't look cheap at all. Compare it to ANY of all horror movies. As far as the cast is concerned, yes, Bob Livingston is a bit old for the lead, but some investigation has gone into his character and the obvious thread attracted by young women to men has also been investigated. I had great problems with Robert Smedley who was just terrible in his role. The girls all had good sets, so what's more of them needed? Naughty Stewardesses is a relatively innocent exploitation movie from the 70's and will serve as a living time capsule for certain aspects of life during that decade. Incidentally, did I say this is a nice picture?
