The people behind Envy seem to have realized that recent comedies - especially those of Ben Stiller and, to a lesser extent, Jack Black - were spoofed, gradually declining in originality and generally lagging. I found Zoolander's sheer absurdity completely free when it was released. Starsky and Hutch were also nice, and then Dodgeball kept the laugh for many, although I personally was a little tired of the top characters - especially if the scenario wasn't quite that funny (maybe the comedy of a Dodgeball tournament not straight to Australia, where it is rarely played). So, in an effort to do something more original, Envy moves away from an absurd scenario and turns it into the absurd creation of Jack Black's character (I won't spoil what it is for those who are planning on filming). not see). The problem is that the movie seems to be dragging on, I'm not a big enough movie buff to think of examples, but it looks like this setup has been done a thousand times before - and very seldom successful. So instead of a nice, crisp, enjoyable and fresh comedy, you get a movie that looks just like the movements. Certainly, the movements can be quite amusing, and they are centered on an idea that is strangely enough to give a few laughs - especially with Jack Black who plays the excited and amusing, though a little 2D creator. Ben Stiller on the other hand looks a little lost, he is asked to play a bigger role than the ridiculous characters of his Zoolander movie, but he struggles as a family member, or his guilt or scripts, there is not enough depth. to the character and the result is a movie by Ben Stiller doing those typical ways and generally getting annoying. The show does not leave an imprint on the viewer (he is just managing Ben Stiller, Jack Black to actually portray a character - but not a challenge). The last annoying element of the movie is Christopher Walken's role as 'The J Man', which is about as typical and two-dimensional as characters, and of course he becomes monotonous and frustrating. <br /> <br /> It's really not as unbearable as some people might think, it's watchful, especially when you're in the mood (stupid is a good prerequisite for watching this movie). Rent it on a movie night with friends and watch it after watching a scary movie and feel like something light - hopefully you'll be a bit of a hint. In that scenario, I can imagine that it would be quite nice, but in general it does not offer enough laughter to wear and most of the time just pulls together.
