I admit I love many of the so-called "frat-pack" movies. No matter how bad they are, I can find something about Ben Stiller or Owen Wilson or Vince Vaughn or Will Ferrell or Jack Black. But "Envy" left me as cold as the white horse Ben had done. This time it is Ben and Jack Black as some tired neighbors, one (Black) discovering an aerosol spray to make the animal baptism disappear and become incredibly rich while the other (Stiller) writes in envy. This is probably the plot, but then it is in other directions that doesn't really make much sense. <br /> <br /> I think the Vapoorize thing is almost amusing. The problem is they are trying to keep the gag for the whole picture (Swart has a badge that reads 'Caca King') and it gets pretty tiring. But even Ben and Jack are badly used. The energy level for both their performances seems to turn off considerably. The furthest two performances are Rachel Weisz and Chris Walken. Walken's neo-hippie-dippie-man is so terrific and so well-modulated a show that it never really represents any of Walken's other well-known nose characters. This is completely unique, but still remains unmistakable for Walken. And Weisz is about the best actress in the business that nobody knows about. Even with limited screen time, she still dominates every scene she's in. <br /> <br /> The very core of the so-called drama is that Ben in a jealous drunken stupor accidentally shoots Jack's white stallion and then goes to ridiculous lengths to cover it, fearing his best friend will find out and cut him to death. But the plot's turn is not credible, because there's nothing about Jack's character to indicate he would do such a thing. He plays such a lovely man that makes the whole careless horse hunt invalid. You completely discount it. This is all stuffing. And what's the point of the out-of-control merry-go-round, except that Barry Levinson wants us to know he's seen "strangers on a train"? The screenplay is painfully bad and the acting of the two leads poorly. Someone with Levinson's record should know better. Maybe someone will find something to make this movie disappear. Oh, wait, they already have.
