Jack Frost, no kids it's not the hot sad family movie about a father who comes out of death like a snowman. It's about a sadistic killer named Jack Frost who is sprayed with some acidic fluid and turns into a killer snowman. I caught a copy of this movie so I could sit and laugh. A killer snow man? Ha, sounds like the perfect comedy / horror movie! Well, I was wrong, very wrong. Jack Frost is about a truck that is transported by truck to jail, so he can bake in the chair at midnight. But it is a snowy night and it collides with a government tanker with a new DNA fluid. Jack just escapes to be burned by the acid and morphs in a snowman killer. He returned to the small town of Snowmonton, where he was caught by a small sheriff. Here he is ready to kill again, now as a snowman with cool powers. He can condense in water, shoot ice cycles as spears, and grow killer whales. The only question is, who can stop Frost? This movie is under the typical B-Movie line. The movies start to look vigorous, but as soon as Jack is burned by the acid, it falls quickly below the cheese line and goes flat. The action for one is terrible! Here we have an entire role of unheard-of actors who can't act, but have a useless character, or just here for some extra money. The only good actor is Scott MacDonald who plays Jack. He looks like a young Richard Kiel combined with Frankenstein. Unfortunately, his appearance is only reduced to three minutes and all we ever see from him is his new snowman shape and his wise creaking voice. Plus its wisecracks are all but funny. Groaning, dumb and bad. <br /> <br /> The plot is terrible! There were many killers throughout history. A killer in a hockey mask, a killer with a razor gloves, a chain-bearing moron, a quick st. Bernard, but now we're bumping into a tough killer snowman? Oh, come on! And the way the characters are introduced is terrible. For one I really wanted to kill Jack the sheriff's son, I mean to give his father oats with antifreeze so they can't freeze? All the characters are stupid and useless and death is too cartoon. One woman crucified with Christmas lights and broke her head in a decorative box and a girl was knocked in the shower. (Where's the root in that scene?). <br /> <br /> On top of this horrible movie is the special effects. The first big special effect we have is Jack's DNA that mixes with snow and the boy is horrible. I mean it looks like a 60's fashion design, PU! Jack also looks like. He looks like a person covered with rubber snow man skin. All the blood and gore are cheesy and the film never goes out with greatness, but rather pushes on low levels. <br /> <br /> Jack Frost is one of the worst slasher movies ever made. I thought it would be a riot, but no! It doesn't try to be funny and it actually tries to be frightening. Jack Frost gets 4 out of 10, at least it made me laugh. Do not first store with this piece of garbage. Jack Frost = D +
