I didn't see "Henry Fool", but after watching "Fay Grim", I'm not sure I want to. Perhaps Hartley is aiming to be the "anti-thriller" director - he certainly succeeded with this yawner. Based on the official description - woman discovers that her dead man's manuscript contains material that could threaten national security - I expected a naughty geopolitical drama. Instead, I have faint structure, goofy dialogue, flabby characterization, a complicated plot and a so-so "tone" that often indicate that Hartley changes the text according to his mind at any given time. I can long ago hang out with a frustrating, hard-to-follow plot (eg "Duplicity") because I realize the loose points will eventually come together. Even when they do not, or they do, but they leave urgent questions (eg "Duplicity"), sharp writing and actors can keep your interest. But halfway through "Fay Grim" I reached a deadly realization --- I didn't know what was going on and I didn't care. Too bad, because I really like Parker Posey, here reduced to work with an absurd part that asked her to be able to turn from indifferent, estranged wife and careless, careless mother to a hard, cunning international to be psychological. There is also bad casting. Jeff Goldblum can be very good, but he is unable to overcome miscasting as a CIA surgical procedure. He looked almost as uncomfortable in the role as I watched him. His CIA sidekick is worse; He looks like a refugee from the quarter-finals of "American Idol" (are there really young CIA agents with big hair's hair draped over their foreheads?). Then there is the tough question about the characters' centuries. Goldblum was 54 when he made "Fay Grim"; Thomas Jay Ryan, who plays Henry Fool, was 44 years old. It wasn't even to look or look older than their real centuries. Still, one important point in the story is that they served as CIA agents in Nicaragua "back in the 70s." Goldblum's character would have been in his 20s then; Henry Fool would have been a teenager. Was Hartley "strange" or lazy? The problems are too much to list ...
