I say "I want to figure" in the line because I honestly didn't see a Hal Hartley movie so far. It's not what I didn't hear from him, as he is seen as one of those little NY movie makers (if I say little, I mean even smaller than Jim Jarmusch), who made ultra-personal projects on limited budgets. Ironically, as with Pasolini's Salo, but in a slightly different context, Fay Grim advises me to see Hartley's more famous features, as there seems to be some talent behind him, as if Hartley * * Be a very good filmmaker who might be so good, he just took a great experimental blunder. Or, on the other hand, he can only be someone who is overly impressed with his own idiosyncrasies and Godard-like movie clashes. <br /> <br /> I can't explain the story, which may or may not, well. Not a problem I suppose, but it's not really because of the film that Fay Grim, Henry Fool's precedent, has seen. I think even if I had that experience, it wouldn't make too much of a difference based on the final results. There is a lot of international espionage, a double plot wrapped inside another that falls through the false bags of the title character, played in a separate way by Parker Posey (not sure if it is good or bad, maybe both ) A CIA operation (Jeff Goldblum, as usually a solid presence amid the mania, even laughed a bit), not to mention an orgy-loaded picture box, and the writer Henry Fool. It is not that the writing is completely impenetrable, however much it goes into overfilled loopholes, just for the sake of it, because there is a little funny or affective strange dialogue. <br /> <br /> Quite simply, the direction just sucks. Harltey is in love with the Third Man, who is good, but he creates a consistent headache-impressive style tilted in angles. Characters must come as strange in the frame. Not since the Battlefield Earth, a director has become so hard to try to make the unnecessary choice of titles for a bizarre dramatic effect. Only this time, Hartley is not in the midst of a group. He is mostly responsible for it. This, along with the crazy Wannabe Godard title cards that come in and out here, is a bit amusing and some are just stupid, and the mounting segments are still in shots, and a few moments involving action. Wood, undermines any of the potential in writing, which is already quite difficult to decipher. In a way, it is fascinating to see how badly it all goes, but a kind of fascination that comes in the face of total creative control on some small-scale story. <br /> <br /> But let it be known: you will probably not make a miserable predictive example of American independent films.
