1975 MASTER OF THE FLYING GUILLOTINE is a wonderful and wonderful movie to watch. This is not because the fighting is particularly inspired or because the movie doesn't make sense at all. That's because the film is so stupid and so high that it's a classic camp - bad but bad. The movie dies a blind man who has a Frisbee-like device on a chain that cuts off people's heads when he throws it on his enemies! Who cares that physics is impossible or that the film contains such stupid things as fighters with 12-foot paper-mache arms or that the man was blind! It's just a ball to watch from start to finish - and one of my favorite "bad" movies and great to see with friends. <br /> <br /> Because of this movie, I was keen to see THE FATAL FLYING GUILLOTIES (1977), but unfortunately it doesn't seem like a sequel, but a bit of a beating - with lots of the ideas from the original but fail to make the film coherent or viewable. Certainly, this is stupid fun, but it never comes close to MASTER OF THE FLYING GUILLOTINE in entertainment value. Like the original movie, there are these strange flying devices that separate heads, but they are completely different - with circular saw blades and almost a thought of their own. There is also no blind guy, but instead a bunch of bad things that really have no depth, and the audience don't understand exactly what is in this English version, as the plot is totally incomprehensible. But at the same time, some of the martial arts action is very good. While not meeting the high standards of most Bruce Lee or Sonny Chiba films, the action is worth it, despite the ridiculous and often confusing plot. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is a movie that martial artists may want (despite its many, many, many, many shortcomings), but also one that most likely will turn off or laugh hysterically, rather than enjoy the action, because the film is just as ridiculous. BUT, most importantly, it never gets close to being as funny or viewable as the MAGISTER OF THE FLYING GUILLOTINE. Sorry.
