This movie should be shown to film school students as an example of NOT doing. The original kick a few big bands squealing butt, this horrible disaster breaks the cardinal rule of Bruckheimer movies, which is: we all know they suck, but they have good action. This movie has NO action. This movie is BORING. Where are the cars? Where's the hunt? Where is the tension? Where is the tension? Where's the rush? Waar !! ?? It's not a movie at all, it's a bad commercial. 50 cars in 24 hours? This is wrong. They have 3 days to steal them, the ad is wrong. How bad is this? The leads that act are stiff, wood and forced. The villain, the policeman, the other ... who cares. They express their senseless lines, they serve the illogical plot. They are hitting the best they can as the music video director says, "Don't worry, we'll make very quick cuts and no one will see how bad the movie is" or "we'll fix it with very loud music" Die "script" is not really a script, it is more like a list of cliches with an end that is a total ripoff of: ------- Warning - possible spoiler ------ 5 ------ 4 ----- 3 ----- 2 ----- 1 ------ The Fugitive. The biggest crime of all is the demise of Vinnie Jones, man .... it's the worst, coolest mofo since Jules in Pulp Fiction. And what do they do? They make him a dumb scarce in the movie! Make Vinnie the main villain and he could have saved the movie. How could they have been so stupid? How? How? Why? The original movie is very entertaining with a cool trick at the end that gives the driver away. The original has a good 40 minute hunting that delivers! Go find the original. Or if you want a real car hunt, you should rent RONIN. The races in Ronin helped the bar through which all other motor yachts will be judged. Bruckheimer and Cage have all that money, all the resources, everything they have experienced, and they can't even get close to a movie made 25,000 years ago for $ 250,000. How can this be? You feel like you have been ripped off after seeing this movie. Once I was excited to see Coyote Ugly, remember the Titans and Pearl Harbor, now I say: God helps us all. <br /> <br />
