If the makers of Atlantis had something to say in this movie, the theme (literally) was drowned by the emphasis on special effects on characterization. Almost as if it were in an effort to keep up with the rest of the summer action busters, Disney has the character-driven, movie-with-a-message approach in favor of a Star Wars "shoot-up" with stereotypical heroes and villains. <br /> <br /> The art is cartoon and the producers think they can rely on computer generated images (CGI) of flying fishing vessels and submarines to fill the gap. They are wrong, and the days of beautiful, handmade animation are quickly emerging from the window in favor of the CGI compilation. <br /> <br /> This movie is all spectacle without heart. Sometimes the movie comes close to being a good, valuable movie, but so many times frustratingly misses the point by talking about something significant and rather going with the glitz. <br /> <br /> Another problem with The movie is the pacing. It starts confusing and then starts rocket with a sounding story-editing style that's not appreciated. The viewer is stormed out with Milo Thatch (well spoken by Michael J. Fox) and is thinking. "Give, there must be quite a few things that will happen when we first come to Atlantis." Unfortunately, not much happens. The secret of Atlantis remains a secret with storytellers who do not really know how to explain the legendary island / continent. They are afraid of committing to say where Atlantis is, even in a fictional story. Is it in the Atlantic? Is it in the Mediterranean? Who knows? Nothing is supposed, even from a purely fantasy-based point of view. The viewer will leave the scene and ask: "What did it all talk about? What was the point of the movie? Why couldn't the surviving Atlantean remember how to read, when many of them lived through the disaster up to the" current "day? And why did Atlantis sink?" and then quickly began to forget about what they saw. There's nothing left to think about or mill about ... except the loss of money in their wallets. <br /> <br /> The characters and their motivation are equally impassable. Of the eccentric millionaire who found the expedition with seemingly more money that existed throughout the planet in 1914, the people of the (spoiler) collective consciousness entering Kida and destroying VOLUNTARILY are. The crew is a collection of peculiar, two-dimensional people of anachronistic (for 1914) P.C. race and gender. The debilitating expert speaks as if he came straight from a Warner Brothers' Bugs Bunny briefly. Most of the jokes are gross one-liners that are largely missed by the audience for two reasons: They are delivered at lightning speed pacing and usually mumbled. The way these supportive players do a moral turn closer to the end of the movie is hard to believe. <br /> <br /> While we love Disney for creating animated adult movies - and it's the first Disney not to have cute talking animals or objects - it fails to make the transition. Younger children will be scared by some of the action scenes and become in the dark by the large amount of captions (when the characters speak Atlanties). In the first five minutes of the expedition, about 200 people are killed without a second thought. It's clear that Disney thinks if you didn't know who those people were, why do you care? Again, the movie has no feeling at any level. <br /> <br /> Mulan and Tarzan were the last animated films produced by Disney, which were very well done. Unfortunately, Atlantis rattles back to past failed attempts, such as Notre Dame's Black Cauldron and Hunchback. Disney must come back to their roots. A successor to Peter Pan soon comes out, but one never knows what the results will be until you see it yourself. And now that Disney Science Fiction has discovered, they hope they will realize that that genre should have more than one spectacle. We also hope that the upcoming "Treasure Planet", a sci-fi adaptation of Robert L. Stevenson's "Treasure Island", will have more heart on it than the insatiable "Atlantis: The Lost Empire".
