I thought "What's New Scooby-Doo" was pretty bad (yes, it's a pity to say I didn't like it), since Hanna-Barbera didn't make it and it has a drastic step in the old series taken. When I heard "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get An Idea" was in the works, I thought it might be better. But when I saw a picture of how Scooby and Shaggy would appear, I knew this show would be bad, if not worse. I watched a few episodes, and believe me, it's just another "Teen Titans" or "Loonatics Unleashed" tap. Scooby and Shaggy no longer like people wearing masks of cool, creepy monsters that rob banks. Now they go to a typical super-villain who wants to destroy the world. Shaggy and Scooby-Doo also became more brave. Also, since Shaggy is NOT going to be a vegetarian in this series, Casey Kasem (who is actually a vegetarian) will not vote for Shaggy's original voice, NOT Shaggy. He would just vote for Shaggy if he didn't eat meat, and it was just a stupid, corporate way to update the franchise, as if the internet jokes were not enough. So Scott Menville (who previously pronounced Red Herring on a doll named Scooby-Doo) strongly agrees here. Believe me, the voice is VERY BAD! It makes Shaggy sound like a squeaky 10-year-old, and I have to agree that the voice certainly matches his new ugly appearance. Kasem DOES, however, agrees Shaggy's uncle Albert, which is a kind of good thing. Scooby-Doo, on the other hand, doesn't look so good. He looks like he's designed to look more like the CGI Scooby-Doo from the live-action movies. Also, Scooby's Frank Welker voice (should I call Brain the Dog again?) Hasn't improved yet. Robi, the robot butler, is virtually worse than Scrappy-Doo! He tries to be funny and makes "comic" impressions and gives safety tips ("Remember children, don't stand under the thunder under the thunder!"), But don't fit in a Scooby-Doo cartoon. Again, the Hanna-Barbera sound effects are rarely used here. But in one episode, "Lightning Strikes Twice," they use the thunderbolt "Castle Thunder" during it, almost largely! (Although they still use the newly played sound effects.) Since 1991, Scooby-Doo has not used Castle Thunder sound effects. But my question is why you use 'Castle Thunder' on 'Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get an idea,' while not being used on direct-to-video movies or even on 'What's New Scooby-Doo! "(Two WNSD episodes used it, and unfortunately that wasn't enough.) If WNSD and the DTV movies used it, they could be better than this crappy cartoon. watched the first episode, and it was so bad that I turned it off just after five minutes! To get my mind on this poor performance, I "scoured Scooby-Doo, Pirates Ahoy." And you know what? The "Pirates Ahoy" movie was actually better than "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get An Idea" (and even better than "What's New, Scooby-Doo!") And it looks like the new designs the characters have, is not permanent to the franchise. The direct-to-video movies that come out while making this show make use of the usual character designs, fortunately. But, whether you loved or hated "What's New Scooby-Doo," I don't recommend it. But if you hate the old series, then you will love it! (Oh God, I hope the old Scooby-Doo cartoon stays better than this new $ # *%!) Anyway, like WNSD, a very bad addition to the Scooby-gun.
