Scooby Doo is undoubtedly one of the most simple, successful and beloved cartoon characters in the world. So what happens if you are everywhere and have done everything with the formula? You call it right? Wrong. You stop production and let it rest for a decade or so and then run again and keep the core of its success. That is, keep the formula mostly together, but add your particular flavor. This is the reason why "What's New Scooby Doo" worked on, they want to go back to the classic Scooby Doo formula that just recently resurrected in a Popp name Scooby Doo, but has mostly not been signed since the original "Scooby Doo Where are you." <br /> <br /> The first sign (for me) of a poor offer is the inclusion of foreign characters; There may be some good memories from previous iterations, but generally if you think "Scooby Doo" you don't think of Film-Flam, Scrappy Doo or Scooby Dum. Worse still, the exclusion of the other core members of "Mystery Inc" usually refers to a group of production people who do not understand from a children's perspective how the performance works. The basic premise has always been a group of people who are diametrically opposed to getting together and by their own individual, stereotypical qualities can exceed the tasks given. <br /> <br /> This next paragraph is just my theorizing so If you want: I hope I can explain why I think the basic elements of the show are wandering, this is detrimental to my interpretation of what the gang represents and how it contributed to the whole; Fred represents the driver. In general, I think it's Fred's goal to give the group direction, organization and sub-tasks. Fred is not a happy teenager, he is your boss, your teacher, your father, your authority figure. Fred moves without hesitation and is driven by tasks (problem is always a solution to Fred). In many ways, Fred is the antithesis to Shaggy. Shaggy is your best friend, that guy who is just a little more scared of things than you are, makes you brave not to be in the back of the pack. Shaggy represents emotion and often shows emotional extremes of excitement to fear. Velma represents rational thinking, she uses logic, but as we often see on the show, she needs clues that are mostly collected by the other members of the show. On her own, did Velma solve a mystery? The group often finds itself in situations where truths are not obvious and only through accidental encounters they reach the necessary information to complete their task. Daphne represents the chance. At one point (I think it's the first Scooby Doo series) she was known as "dangerous". Writers used Daphne to unfortunately unlink unrelated events. She is often the one who finds the secret door, collection of objects or some other detail that can help guide clues. Ultimately, Scooby represents himself the participant. He's always in the middle of the events that are capable of all the things that the rest of the gang is capable of, but still disabled because he is not human and much like us, the television viewer can't really participate. Scooby Doo works because all these personalized elements of problem solving are instantly identifiable and entertaining. <br /> <br /> Perhaps I'm thinking about things, but in my life I saw a lot of Scooby Doo (which is a 30-year-old self-declared nerd, it's kind of roles with the territory). For me, there's a magic with the classic "Scooby Doo" formula that should never be messed up. <br /> <br /> As many pointed out; Scooby Doo is not a great work of art, and it is not quite, it falls into the category of programming that can be watched by young eyes with a solid bowl of breakfast cereal. To trade with raw simplicity changes it into something else, something less.
