Darcy and her young daughter Pamela are on their way to the country where her mother's boyfriend, Peter, left his doctor's position in the city to become a writer and fix a bed and breakfast inn. Although this inn has a terrible past, Pamela learns of a girl living in the village, that a distorted witch ever lives in that house. They called her the "Tooth Fairy" because she would kill children after they got their last baby tooth. This work at the inn woke up the 'Tooth Fairy'. Now she has her sights on Pamela and her last baby tooth, but when something gets in the way, they see the same fate Pamela is waiting for. <br /> <br /> Do not paint this movie's old folklore of the 'Dental Festival' in a very generous way as you would believe if you were a child. Don't just love to change happy childhood into nightmares! Another falling into the same category was "Darkness Falls (2003)". I can't compare how similar they are in the premises, because I didn't see the latter, but I mostly read that they share the same idea. For a bit straight to DVD movie, this DTV effort looks good and has some promising images around the senseless and traditional book-plotting device. Low expectations are needed because I will not consider it a success, but I have found it entertaining marginally. <br /> <br /> Cory Strode and Cookie Rae Brown's story or background for this 'Tooth Fairy' character is completely bare with it leaning more to a slasher vehicle than anything really supernatural. Silly is a great way to describe what happens in this poorly written story, but it never really feels a fairy tale horror. The dialogues can seem fairly redundant and morally hounded. While the acting is simply among the scarce characters, they have to finish, but director Chuck Bowman offers a bit of inventive blood splash and terribly nasty blows. This type allows for the lack of voltage, zero scares and generic tones. His direction is pretty serious and visually capable, where he gets a little atmospheric lighting, contrasting well with his smooth photography. The promising opening scene is wonderfully effective. His pacing can slow down in parts and there is the strange and unnecessary slow motion scene being inserted, but it never gets too crowded with something that is active that ensures I'm not bored. <br /> <br /> The Makeup Special Effects provide the goods because there is plenty of repulsive gruel and the toothpaste appearance is especially good. The figure of the tooth fairy may seem threatening in its black cloak, bubbling makeup and rapid movements. Being on the spot helps to cut out a more natural feeling and get atmospheric rich in its sense of honesty. Nursery infants can be incredibly irritating, but Nicole Muñoz was in her part. Lochlyn Munro and Chandra West are somewhat solid, but can be a bit overbearing in their performances like Peter and Darcey. The radiant beautiful Carrie Anne Fleming is one of their losers. PJ Soles appears to a small extent as a superstitious neighbor who tries to warn them of the evil at the inn. <br /> <br /> I thought it was a good time warmer that has a good concept that just wasn't filled enough and the performance is fine textbook play. Busy nonsense, but at the same time extremely forgetful.
