The Dental Festival is located somewhere in Northern California where Peter Campbell (Lochlyn Munro) has a farming property that he is renovating and planning to be in a holiday inn. He joined his girlfriend Darcy Wagner (Chandra West). & her young, 12-year-old daughter, Pamela (Nicole Munoz) who comes to help after the weekend. While the property is being explored, Pamela meets another young girl, named Emma (Jianna Ballard), who warns her that creeping in her new home, and tells a story of an evil old witch known as the Tooth fairy that takes baby teeth from children and then kills them. Pamela is worried and becomes even more so when she falls off her bicycle and her last baby tooth falls, it is not long before the evil ghost of the Dental Festival has her eyes on Pamela's tooth and just for kicks she decides to someone kill her coming over ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Chuck Bowman I thought The Dental Festival was just another poor straight-to-video low-budget horror movie that did not distinguish itself from The many others say that the rubbish-video rolls & fills late-night-clear cable TV schedules, basically it's not very good. The script by producer Stephen J. Cannell, Corey Strode & Cookie Rae Brown is a complete snooze festival for the first 40 odd minutes. In this period, nothing is of great interest and it is basically dull outline as if these things are going to surprise anyone. This represents the character, set up the Tooth Fairy legend and that's it. The second half of the movie improves slightly, but even then it's hardly spectacular things, there are some decent gore plays, but it's also very predictable and forgetful things. The character is not big and most of them are pure to be killed. The story has contradictions like the story of the Dental Feast itself. It says she kills children after giving her baby's teeth. Why does she go on a random deadly spree that has nothing to do with teeth? What happened to her after the prologue was founded in 1949? Why did she come back as a ghost? Despite being a ghost, it seems to be many people opening doors and using weapons to kill people. There is no attempt to make use of the supernatural elements, except the haunting children who are played for maximum sentiment. <br /> <br /> Director Bowman does OK, it's pretty well made and there are a few half decent scenes, but nothing to excite. There is nothing that I would describe as frightening or atmospheric here and do not notice the comparisons between this & Darkness Falls (2003) except the teeth thing they are completely different. The gore is OK, someone is moved into a woodcutter, there is a decade, somebody has cut their penis and the best scene when someone is nailed to a door and then knocked out their stomach with an ax. <br /> <br /> With a so-called $ 1,500,000 budget, the Dental Fees are generally good, but nothing special here. The acting is not good, but it is not bad and I did not find the kid actors annoying. That's something I suppose. <br /> <br /> The Dental Festival is just below the average low budget modern straight-to-video horror card that looks everywhere, if you can find a cheap copy, it can exceed 90 odd minutes if you don't Don't demand, it's pretty poor and forgetful things.
