I had to know when I looked at the box in the video store and Lisa Raye - she is the wife of Ernie Hudson A.K.A. "Le Kiss of Death" for * any * movie. She almost * guaranteed * the movie would be bad (eg Congo) if Hudson was in it (with the exception of the Ghostbusters movies that were deliberately champion and bad). Despite my instincts, and the fact that I only saw Civil Brand, another movie-like "tour de force" with Lisa Raye, I rented it anyway. After all, I ignored my "Hudson instinct" at OZ and finally watched a very high quality series, so I thought I'd give this movie a chance. <br /> <br /> If you're a fan of bad movies, this is a definite must see! It must be the most unintentional funny movie I've seen in a long time. The plot is pretty simple: Racheal's (Monica Calhoun) sister is murdered by a group of brigands (led by Bobby Brown!) And like an action movie before it, she strokes on her guns ONE LAST TIME and vows to her sisters avenge death. To do this, she reformulates the titular Gang of Roses (presumably based on a true story of a female gang) and they go out and exactly revenge and on the way there is a subplot or something about some gold which can be buried in the village. One nice thing I will say about this movie is what I could say, the stars made their own drive and they watched GREAT galloping. <br /> <br /> The funniest (albiet unintentionally funny) scenes? See when they announce the character of Stacy Dash or when Calhoun's character reminds her not to strip her guns (with clenched fists crying to heaven) or Lil 'Kim's character joke with Lisa Raye's character or Stacy Dash's character killed or Lil 'Kim's character convinced Lisa Raye's character to come back to the gang or the Asian Chick or Macy Gray's character talking about "Debt is paid", etc. With the exception of Calhoun's Racheal and Bobby Brown's left eye, I can't even cuz the names of the other characters I was laughing at when they were launched. <br /> <br /> If the director went for parody and broad comedy, it would have been a good movie. Unfortunately he tries to look it seriously without first giving an outline, sound design (in his defense, Hip-Hop is hardly difficult to work in a period of time), design, writing or periodical research (was it me or was it the cleanest people with the whitest teeth in the old west?) serious. Usually when I see a movie that is not so good, I ask myself, "Can you do better?" This is the first time in a long time where the answer is an unambiguous "YES!" Is.
