Franco Rossi's 1985 six-hour Italian mini-series Quo Vadis is a very curious animal, who has shot an absolutely convincing, ancient Roman world in factual fashion (very few long shots, no great urban landscapes), but the drama play so much in favor of admonition to classical literature and history that the story is constantly lost in the background. <br /> <br /> The shift structure (much of episode 1 is pronounced through voice over letters) and the lack of narrative urgency makes the full six-hour version at the same time demanding and relentless, and certainly far too often not- involvement, but it has something to do with it. The two main strengths are the characterization of Petronius (a happy name Frederic Forrest, whose own voice would almost level off his dialogue) as a man who has been looking for a sharp angle to survive the court life for so long. , that he was unable to experience emotion, and Klaus Maria Brandauer's unique Nero as a wannabe actor to whom every movement and action is calculated on how she will "hear" it. Elsewhere, Max Von Sydow appears briefly in a few episodes, rewarding with the spectacle's most impressive and truly moving scene. Here he meets a child while trying to leave Rome. This is the kind of thing the show can do with more, but it seems too often to flip any potentially emotional, inspirational or exciting moment under the relentless low key. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Francesco Quinn makes a staggeringly anonymous hero, interferes with the walls and comes less than a Roman official as the quiet, slightly helpless but unsatisfactory man who works in the same office as you who never on office parties don't say. You know the one you think is called Dave or something. The budget constraints are very visible once it's the Lions' time for the Christians and Ursus struggle with the bull, so definitely the key is that it's just about you before the show just loses interest and suddenly ends. <br /> <br /> Not a trip I can recommend, I'm scared, but if you do, it's not without its little rewards.
