Why would anyone want to see it? If it was a movie on YouTube posted by a teenager on YouTube, I could have congratulated the teenager on his mother's video camera. I also congratulated his family and friends for the good work. Unfortunately, it was made by a very experienced filmmaker and it was apparently professional actors. This makes it a very, very sad movie. Sad ... and very pathetic, actually. As I said, it has a definite one that is made directly to watch video on it. It also has narrative and acting that just "unprofessional" screams. How can this be? The film is filled with many bodies and blood. Normally it would turn me off completely, because I hate ultra-violent movies and don't like to see everything. But since nothing is realistic, it's bearable. However, I have to warn you that there are some scenes that are quite disturbing. For example, the scene with the child throwing a radio in a ladies' tube and watching her naked and braai is pretty bad. There are also scenes where you can hear the idea of ​​psychos as they are fantasy about killing women. With a level of misogyny it is very terrible. The people who wrote it are pretty sick. Just like killing women, it's fun for us. <br /> <br /> After a bunch of senseless murders, the movie goes to a dining table. A bunch of goof balls carry black caps without eyelids! They pride themselves on all the murders they committed and sang. It's all very funny, though I'm not sure it was the purpose of the scene. <br /> <br /> Then the film talks about various sex crimes and murders and even vampirism and cannibalism. Why I don't know - maybe because they made people, it came to this kind of crap. And again, you see and hear the thoughts and actions of a creepy German man, dropping people and killing them. <br /> <br /> By the way, seeing the movie I am supposed to take is professional actors, I wondered why so many people were chosen who were clearly Germans. While trying to act like Americans and being in California, the accent is strong. Perhaps the German audiences watched and marveled at how "realistic" the acting was, but to any American it is clear that these people are not their fellow Americans! Since there really was an asteroid killer (never caught), I wonder why someone would make a "fan movie" of all kinds for the sick threat? I mean ... was this movie meant to be a pervert movie? I just can't see anyone else who wants to see or enjoy it. In fact, I wonder what would motivate someone to make such a stupid and offensive film? Worthless and deserving to be in IMDb's Bottom 100 list.
