Well, as Goethe once said, there is really no point in trying to pass a negative judgment aimed at being objective about "something that has had a good impact". "La Maman et La Putain" surely went in history as an influence on many of what has been done in France and elsewhere in the past thirty years and no one interested in the history of film should be withheld from it. view. However, to express a purely subjective judgment, I feel that I disagree with almost every other review posted here and say to people, "Don't look at it, it's a waste of hours of your time just make sick feel angry. "And with that I do not mean sick and angry about the" human condition "or something so common and so deep, because that is exactly the line most critics in their perfect praise of the film adopt has - a trial to look at in his relentless dissection of our emotional cowardice and cruelty "and so on - and if it really succeeded in posting a universal or even comprehensive relevant message of this nature, then the director would reason to be content with himself, but pessimistic can be conclusions. My beef with the film is rather that I do not see this hour's long record of empty vanity and treason as justified or excused by any GENERAL relevant message. rie main characters are very morally unattractive individuals: of course, Alexandre is the bulk of the fact that we see most of him and because he rarely closes more than thirty seconds. Marie perhaps to the least extent, because we see the least of her. Of course, Alexandre's affected monologues have some sort of entertainment value, but entertainment is becoming more and more clear to realize that Jean-Pierre Leaud is unlikely to even act, and with absurd remarks like "Coming Beau Coming Up" film Nicholas Ray ", he actually only reproduced word-for-word opinions that were accepted as authentic and profound by the environment, in which he, along with the director Eustache, had been present for ten years. of making the movie. If the scene of relentless superficiality and triviality were around 100% of the film, it would have been possible as a long sardonic comedy about an exceptionally level, worthless and despicable post-'68 environment. However, what made this viewer at least extremely angry with the director, and his award of at least one long scene to Alexandre and Veronika, in which we are, of course, expected to feel empathy with and for them as if they were a moral universe with we shared. If a man can get away with living in the apartment of one woman, confessing (mostly in this very flat) with another, running to marry Paris with another third, well, I Suppose I can make him the Strength in the dog-eating dog world he has chosen to create for himself. However, what I cannot do in all conscience even hears for a moment to talk to monologues about him in which he talks about his "anxiety" and his "despair". The same goes for the more despicable Veronika, which shows us drunk in the apartment and even the bed shared by Marie and Alexandre and worn with an infantile contradiction that is in line with the most cruel and heartless cruelty. As I say, if "La Maman et La Putain" wants to be nothing but a portrait of Alexandre, Veronika and Marie, three individuals who will never acknowledge half-way people in their business will leave them home I suppose there is some kind of legitimacy to praise the director for "unshakable" (though why you even want to feel as if you have felt a great deal once you consciously chose to create such profoundly apostate characters to observe movies what I can't imagine). The problem, however, is that the director is clearly convinced - and apparently managed to convince the generations of critics - that Alexander, Veronika and Marie are somehow representative of people in general and of the boundaries of human emotionality abilities. The latter idea, however, is arrest and offensive nonsense. Indeed, there can be an inherent failure and tendency to tragedy in human relationships in general and sexual relationships in particular. But the nature and degree of this fallacy and tendency to tragedy can only be determined by people who make a sincere and serious effort to make such relationships work. It definitely does not require a film or authorship genius to hate, mourn, and tolerate the information that a man acting like Alexandre sustains, or that women who insist on expecting a man like Alexandre are going to end up disappointed and bitter. Look at "La Maman et La Putain" if you are historically interested in having succeeded in culture and human interaction in a certain post-'68 Paris environment that is unfortunately not limited to just some particular antisocial types like this. But do not make the mistake of believing that what is recorded here has a general relevance to mankind in the way a film can be portrayed by Jean Renoir or Martin Scorsese.
