First, I would like to point out that the reason I gave this movie 1 star out of 10 is because there is no option to give it non-stars! it's really that bad! I was never keen to watch this movie after seeing the ads for it. I finally saw it by chance because some of my tickets had tickets and had one savings, so I joined together. Before I saw it, I had a pretty good idea that it wouldn't be genius - the premise was too stupid and stupid for anything good to get out of there, but I thought "but something should be good about it for UMA THURMAN and Luke Wilson do the movie ... "Not that I think one of them is particularly awesome, but they are big stars that will normally only do movies that will improve their reputation. However, about 10-20 minutes in the function, I realized that the movie was probably worse than I initially expected. I was shocked at how terrible the writing was. It didn't really matter to the actors to work with, so much so that they really didn't seem to know what they were doing (especially Luke Wilson). The story was completely predictable - if you saw the ad, you saw the movie pretty much! And there was nothing original about it - it borrows a lot from every 'superheroes' story that would ever have been acceptable if the movie was set up as a satire of that genre, but unfortunately it wasn't. The direction seems to be realism. I had the feeling that the director wanted the film to be completely realistic and not satire at all. Yet, there were a few moments in the film that were so incredibly unrealistic that it would have been if it were a satire. At one moment in the movie, two of the characters seem dead and one of the surviving characters has a line like "Oh well, she's dead ... time to go on" and he says it in such a drop voice that it not quite make sense. After about 40 minutes, I checked my watch to see how much longer I had to sit there. And then it hit me. I started thinking. "I wonder if the studio made this picture a test to see if they could make the worst possible movie ever made and still be able to draw a big audience ..." I couldn't think about it any other reason why this movie will be made. For movies made today, the writing goes to a massive screening process and very few scripts really make it into the production stage. I can't understand how this one came past the first draft stage. At the end, and extremely dumb-foundation Ly stupid climax, I laughed heartily - just about what the filmmakers wanted me to laugh at, but rather how ridiculous and silly the movie was. Thank you, I didn't need money to see it ... because it would really irritate me !!! Oh, and I can only add that of the two Wilson brothers. I always chose Lukas because I think he is a better, more versatile actor ... but if he wants to go even more in OWEN's shadow, this is exactly the way to do it ... I doubt he is much will get more job offers after this scratched 2 hour waste !!! And remember, it only got a good 1/10 because I couldn't choose 0!
