Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) thinks he has found the perfect woman in Jenny Johnson (Uma Thurman), which looks like a quiet but beautiful woman, although he soon learns that she is needy and possessive, and she is also the superhero G-Girl, though you will not know the things she does to Matt, after he has dried out and breaks with her. <br /> <br /> A promising premise is ruined by a mediocre performance. My Super Ex-Girlfriend is still a pleasant comedy, but it makes too much of a cheap sex joke and it is an unforgettable experience. What went wrong? The film and the director couldn't overcome the weakness of the screenplay and I didn't like how they played it. I expected the guy to be a while and it could be a female fantasy revenge movie. But they loved the man and they made the superhero a psycho. It just wasn't fresh and after about forty minutes the movie came out. It is welcome. Certainly, there were some funny lines, but the bad middle and horrible end really broke out. <br /> <br /> Director Ivan Reitman lost his contact. After a successful run in the eighties and early nineties he began to crack like Evolution and Father's Day. I won't say My Super Ex girlfriend is a complete bust, but I don't give him credit for any of the quality the movie likes, which isn't too much. Don Payne did a terrible job with the script. Most of the jokes were lame and most of the supporting characters were just one note. He also reused many of the same jokes. It sometimes makes the thing boring. <br /> <br /> A few of the actors were good enough to save the movie. Uma Thurman was big like G-Girl and she had lots of funny lines. Luke Wilson was a little pale and not very interesting. I don't think he's making an attractive front man and he's better at supporting roles like The Family Stone. Anna Faris just did her "Scary Movie" routine and it gets a bit old. She needs a challenge or at least some better scripts. Wanda Sykes is either hit or miss. She was great in Monster-in-Law and she was bad in Clerks 2. Here she was just annoying and didn't bring anything to the movie. Eddie Izzard was good, nothing special. Rainn Wilson was just annoying and not funny. Overall, I was disappointed with the movie. It wasn't terrible, but it had so much potential and the final result was just as average. Rating 5/10
