SEVEN POINTS: EMOTIONAL FARM, ILLOGRAPHIC, MORNING DESTINATION <br /> <br /> The film is distributed in Italy as "Seven Souls". I was curious about the original title and after some investigations I found out that it refers to Shakespeare's Venice dealer, where the agent Shylock made a terrible bond with the dealer Antonio, who had to give him a pound. meat, if he cannot repay his debt. While the Italian translation makes Ben's plan something profound, characterized by human sympathy, the original, although it is cultivated enough to remain unaware of someone, only in the reference to the flesh does it make something cold, rational, deep-rooted in the physical side of man. Unfortunately, I think the real quality of Ben's plan is revealed by the original title: it is a cold operation aimed at donating parts of his body, but without any real human empathy, at least the audience is not chance to see or observe a pure relationship of souls within the whole movie. The only exception is the love story with the girl, which is a kind of non-programmed incident, from which Ben yields, but is unable to convey true emotional involvement. I really didn't like the idea at the heart of the movie: the idea that one is being consumed by the pain of the death of his loved one and of other people he caused himself decides the decision of Debt by Suicide: Except that it is unlikely, it does not make sense. I would have liked, and I think it would have been more positive if Ben finally decided to abandon the idea of ​​committing suicide, to help the same people, and perhaps more, just near them, and help them by his presence. He would not have saved their lives miraculously: it would probably have caused more suffering, but I think it could be more constructive from a human and moral point of view. There are many illogical and disturbing things: the initial reference to God's creation in seven days (which is incidentally sixth according to the Bible!): What does it mean? And what about a woman suffering from heart disease, preventing her from running and even singing without feeling bad, who can have normal sex with a man who, as it should be, is destroyed by the death of his wife and gift have organs and pieces of his body, do not seem to try so much, emotionally and physically, from his disadvantaged state? The movie is saved by good acting, but the rest is pure nonsense, not only from a logical point of view, but also from a human and emotional one.
