War, Inc. - Corporations take over war in the future and use a lonely killer, Brand Hauser (John Cusack), to do their wet work against competitive executives. A dark comedy that satirises the military and corporations. It was often difficult to figure out exactly what was going on. I kept waiting for things to make sense. There is no reason or method for foolishness. <br /> <br /> This is regarded by Cusack as the "spiritual successor" of Grosse Point Blank. Ie. War is more or less a knock. We see Cusack again as an assassin who offers protection * the foreman * the person he is supposed to kill while stuck with his conscience. To be honest, John Cusack looks very credible and takes out half a dozen guys. The short battles look good. The rest of the movie doesn't. It is all strange, often at a bizarre border. War Incorporated is not funny enough to be a parody, and too lively for anyone to even think about what the film's message might be, which I think may be the heartless ways that corporations such as war factions compete and dispute without a drop of consideration given to how it affects the average citizens Interestingly, however, the satire does not work because it is not funny and the heart of the film has no heart. We are supposed to give a damnis about how the war affects Cusack's shell of a character, rather than the millions of lives being torn apart. <br /> <br /> John Cusack gives a decent performance. His character characters shoot from hot sauce and drive the smallest private plane, but features are meant to replace traits. Marisa Tomei is slumming as the romantic sidekick journalist. There really isn't much chemistry between them. Hilary Duff tries a Russian accent and doesn't make her fool. Joan Cusack screams and screams and shouts out. Sheet metal toys. Ben Kingsley may have to return the Oscar if he doesn't get a decent performance from time to time. Pathetic. <br /> <br /> It's not a terrible movie, but in the end you have to ask, "War, what is it good for?" Absolutely nothing. C-
