Contains spoilers. <br /> <br /> British director J. Lee Thompson has made excellent films, especially 'Ice Cold in Alex' and 'Cape Fear', but 'Country Dance' is one of his more curious offers. The story is among the upper classes of rural Scotland and describes the strange triangular relationship between Sir Charles Ferguson, an eccentric aristocratic landowner, his sister Hilary, and Hilary's estranged husband, Douglas, who is being reconciled with her. We learn that Charles was regarded as an army officer during his career as 'low moral fiber'. It seems to be an accurate diagnosis of his condition; Throughout the film, he is showing a stupid disillusionment with the world, and his main sources of emotional support appear to be Hilary and his whiskey bottle. The film ends with its commitment to an upper lunatic asylum. <br /> <br /> Peter O'Toole was one of Britain's premier actors, while at his best as in 'Lawrence of Arabia', but the quality of his work was very uneven and 'Country Dance' is not one of his better films. He raises him madly and makes Charles a caricature of the useless inbred aristocrat, as if he were part of the Monty Python's Top-Class Twit of the Year. Susannah York as Hilary and Michael Craig as Douglas are pretty much better, but there's not really a great play in the movie. There is also little in the way of coherent plot, beyond the story of Charles's relentless downhill slide. <br /> <br /> The biggest problem with the movie, however, is not the play or the plot, but rather the theme of the theme that does not dare to speak its name. There are half-hearted hints of a turbulent relationship between Charles and Hilary, or at least of a persistent attraction for her, and his aversion to Douglas is motivated by sexual jealousy. Unfortunately, even in the sixties and seventies (the date of the film being given as 1969 or 1970 respectively), there was a restriction on what the British Film Sensors Council was willing to allow, and a movie with " An extremely turbulent theme was definitely out of bounds. (The American title for the film was "Brothers Love, but it was not used in Britain. Was that also to suggest the taste of the BBFC?) So these tips are never developed and we will never see what motivates Charles or what caused his moral collapse, resulting in a hollow film with a hole in his waist. 10/04
