Jeffrey Combs is a mad scientist whose stem cell research has a deadly scheme to create a hybrid hammerhead shark humanoid form of life, hoping to use a brand new species using Hunter Tylo's uterus. It won't be easy, because Tylo is a tough broad and her boyfriend, William Forsythe, won't give her without a fight. <br /> <br /> You see that Tylo and Forsythe are two of Arthur's CEO. Roberts employees, brilliant thoughts that Combs meets. (A scientist who once worked for Roberts, and whose vacant position went to Tylo) at his island settlement where he conducted his research and experiments. This island offers him the opportunity to recruit new victims for his work and "boy". They think it is a professional relationship with a breakthrough in stem cell research that can lead to drugs for a variety of diseases. Combs's son died of kidney cancer when he decided to run his crazy science on him. He created this bloodthirsty carnivorous creature that can both swim and walk on the dry ground (although the hammerhead could only stay outside for short periods). Tylo was the son of Combs's son, so the connection, except that the two worked for Roberts, brought his trophy wife, Mariya Ignatova. Together with Tylo and Forsythe, Roberts and Ignatova, are their colleagues, Elise Muller and GR Johnson. Combine them in a conference room, but they can escape on the island because he sends their well-paid mercenaries and hammerhead shark boy. <br /> <br /> Like similar sci-fi channel features of its type, Hammerhead: Shark Frenzy has some rather unattractive computer-generated effects and the attacks (where the shark comes off the limbs) are shot in a hurry, angry camera format where you have a hard time ever making any of the subsequent gory carnage. You have this vague idea that one is being eaten. (It gets torn), but the attacks themselves are shot in a very volatile way. The truth is said to be rather dirty. The monster itself is never seen in its entirety, just instantaneous glances of an eye or a body part gripped when the victim shouts in horror. One thing is for sure, you see teeth. We get cgi shots from the hammerhead shark swimming to the screen, all threatening, ready to celebrate meat. A constant is while (and after) victims are attacked, we see lots of blood and pieces of meat bending to the water surface. It's really Michael Oblowitz's director to inform the viewer that they are being torn. apart from each other). <br /> <br /> Combinations do not break new ground as the scientist, but he always had the ability to give a quiet madness to these colds. It's fun to see Forsythe in a rare, cut hero role, much against kind as an electronic wipe. He must actually take a leadership position when the group faces unprecedented danger. Tylo is also in a very different role, a scientist who can defend herself very well. Roberts can play the millions of business roles in his sleep, and it's kind of neat to see him shooting a machine gun at Combs's soldiers (though his fate isn't nice). To name it, it was also very entertaining to watch Forythe and Tylo Downing Combs' hired goons with confiscated automatic guns. As expected, the screen savers can expose those who created the murderous enemy to unnecessary dangers so that they can pay for their sins. Would I really want these people to assert themselves to attack themselves so vulnerably after just seeing what harm to the human anatomy it can do? Beautiful exotic environment is quite a good backdrop.
