Where the hell are all this unprecedented islands where prehistoric monsters sneak, evil doctors carry out their experiments, ores keep the ultimate karate championship and the super-rich hunt people for sport? I had no idea there were so many unprecedented islands out there, but taking into account the number of movies that one of these mysterious islands uses as a place, you must assume there are at least 50 of these pistols. out there. It always blows so damn, and I immediately pull off points from any movie that uses this hackneyed device. Hammerhead is the story of a mad scientist performing experiments on one of these unknown islands. The movie has had a lot to prepare before it even started. <br /> <br /> The island in this movie has become accustomed to Dr Moreau, but was recently purchased by Re-Animator himself, Jeffrey Combs. Old Jeffrey does some sort of cutting-edge stem cell research, which led him to work with sharks while looking for a cure for cancer. If known, it's because it's about the same basic set-up as the smart shark facility in the ocean, not to mention an army of other Nu Image movies. So apparently, Jeffrey's son died of cancer which led our crazy doctor to experiment on his offspring. He did some sort of finely divided brand new, and so on, and changed his son into a shark man. <br /> <br /> William Forsythe leads a crew of unfamiliar actors to the island to look at the doctor's experiments. If anyone had given him a sailor's hat, William would have been a dead ring for the skipper of Gilligan's Island. In the typical Bond Villain fashion, the doctor decides that all these intruders will make a nice shit for his son. Not chums, like friends ... chum, like shark food. So come in shark boy who starts stalking the Skipper and his cohorts all over the island. Of course, they make half-hearted attempts to escape and are repeatedly thwarted while being chased by a man in a rubber shark suit. <br /> <br /> The movie has not made up any of the points it lost on one of those deadly islands. It's funny that this movie is called Hammerhead, it made me think of an old joke. Why are you beating yourself with a hammer? Because it feels so good when you stop. That's pretty much how this movie is. The only reason to look at it is because it feels so good when it's over.
