The bad misadventures of four au pairs arriving in London in the early 1970s. There is a Swedish girl, a Danish, a German and a Chinese. The story seeks to pick up the clothes of all of them, engage them in some Carry On-type humor and join them with various misfits of the British film and TV culture of the time, including Man About the House star. Richard O'Sullivan, future Coronation Street villain Johnny Briggs and horror movie stalwart Ferdy Mayne (play a sheikh). There is a nice, exciting amount of female nudity for those who want such things (but of course nothing hardcore). Most of the film is fairly thin and insignificant; The girls are stereotypes, and the German Anita suffers from a kind of infant disorder. She is a moron obsessed with color TV, acting as a kind of unvoiced child and dresses to deliberately show her private parts. In yet another more serious film, she would be a psychiatric case. The most interesting part of the movie is that the Swedish girl is taken to a club in London, where some dodgy types are still trying to swing, seduced by a middle-aged rocker, lost her virginity and realizes that the scene is not for her . These rows have some energy in them and indicate a more intriguing film than we have landed, in which the debauchery and the dregs of the music business and upper classes live merciless and cowardly lives. There is a good turn by John Standing as an impotent public school roué). The strangest of the stories, the Chinese girl (future cannibal movie veteran, Me Me Lay), dropped off with her childish piano producer employer who fell in love with each other and didn't stay away in the middle of the night, apart from some Eastern concept that " Chinese birds are inexcusable, aren't they?! The film is rather humiliating on its female characters and there is a spate of homophobia in the dialogue and one of the characteristics. The end is striking, since Mayne's sheikh for no earthly reason (except that they have to end the movie in some way) throws all the girls away to his Arab kingdom for what looks like a future in the white world. slave trade, which they are all delighted with. <br /> <br /> Dust and nonsense is then mostly but with a fair amount of skill by veteran Val Guest, who makes it a piece of film that carries a notch above most of the 70s Brit Sex Ploitation flicks.
