I captured this film at the Edinburgh Film Festival. I didn't hear much of it; just that it was a solid strain, shot digitally at a very low budget. I was hoping to catch the next big Brit Flick. But I have to say, I was very disappointed. "It's not a love song" follows two criminals who are shot and killed after a deadly cat and mouse match with a farmer's young daughter when locals decide to take matters into their own hands and hunt them. <br /> <br /> The real problem is that it's another example of style over fabric in a British movie. The corners and editing of the camera are completely inconsistent with the story, just like the top performances, and the frightening use of slow motion, which only serves to look the whole thing like an expensive home video. There are repeated efforts to make the film noble and eager, rather than hilarious and over-coming (Cue is a pathetic, mandatory drug zone and numerous senseless camera zoomers). No amount of clichés like this can avoid the fact that it is a very bad story. <br /> <br /> We've seen these things many times before and made 100 times better, especially in John Boorman's masterful "liberation". But in the last movie we actually care about the characters. In this movie I found myself chasing and killing them as soon as possible. Even this would not have been so bad if their opponents were frightening or worth it, but rather a collection of stereotypical, native peoples. Again, another offensive, over-exploited cliche emerges. Surely there are some nice people in the country, filmmakers? <br /> <br /> In his defense, "This is not a love song" contains some good, exciting moments, but it is difficult to see this movie anything but to go straight to the video, or , with a push, to get a very limited movie release. It is not a patch on last year's Low Budget that was hunted in the hillock film, "Dog Soldiers". Perhaps British Cinema could actually start kicking again if the right money ceased to go to the wrong people.
