To understand where this 1976 version of A STAR IS BORN comes, consider it: His final number is sung by Barbra Streisand in a seven-minute and forty-second close, followed by two and a half minutes of freeze from Ms Streisand, who beats a Christian attitude - behind the credits. Over ten uninterrupted minutes of Barbra's distinctive vision center, fill the big screen with compromise ego. It could just be a kind of movie record. <br /> <br /> Or think about this: The plot of this piece of music revolves around a love affair between two musical superstars, while Streisand's songs are performed in their entirety - including the interminable final - her costume Kris Kristofferson may not just song export he performs. Also, although she allows him to give a little back to some of her loves, they actually sing a duet. <br /> <br /> Or consider it: Streisand's name appears at least six times in the credits, including credit for "musical concepts" and her wardrobe (from her closet) - and she allegedly wanted, but could also do not get co-direct credit. One of her credits was as executive producer, with a producer credit to her then boyfriend, Jon Peters. As such, Streisand controls the final cut of the film, which explains why it is so obsessive to skew the film in her direction. What does not explain it is how to come, giving every opportunity to make the Big Diva look good. Their efforts make Streisand bad. Even though it was one of Streisand's biggest cashier hits, it's probably her worst movie and contains her worst performance. <br /> <br /> Anyway, the Hollywood melodrama moves to the world of sex-drug and rock, Streisand plays Esther Hoffman, a pop singer on the way to the star For a while, share with Kristofferson's John Norman Howard, a hard rocker headline for the off-ramp to Has-bone. In previous incarnations of the story, "Norman Maine" sacrifices his leading career to help newcomer "Vicky Lester" achieve her success. In the feminist seventies Streisand & Co. it makes clear that their heroine owes nothing to a man, so the track is crooked; she will succeed with or without him and he is almost at the bottom of stage one; he is a burden she must endure in the name of love. As such, there is a clear effort to make the leading lady not only stricter, but almost relentless, while her paramour comes as a home thread. <br /> <br /> Kristofferson moves through the film with a credible indifference to the material; a little effort to give much of a show, and strangely, it serves its purposeless, listless character. Streisand, on the other hand, does not show one moment of honesty in her entire time on the screen. Everything she does seems to be at least controlled. Even her seemingly ad libs seem uncomfortable and her moments of suspected hysteria cold mechanically. The two have no chemistry, which makes the central love relationship totally incredible. You can assume that his character sees in her a symbol of his fading youth and innocence, although at age 34 Streisand does not look young or naive. The only conceivable attraction he can offer is that she can exploit him as a faster route to the stars. And indeed, if the film had the trouble of playing the material like this, to openly play Streisand's character an exploding villain, the movie might have sparked and might have been a reason. <br /> <br /> But I think the filmmakers actually see Esther as a sympathetic victim; they don't seem to know how cold-blooded and self-absorbed she is. But sensitivity is not one of the strengths of the film: note the little joke to give Barbra two African American back-up singers, just so the movie can name the racism of the trio The Oreos. And the film makes it very important to point out that Esther retains her ethnic identity by using her name Hoffman, but the filmmakers have changed the character's name from the previous films of "Esther Blodgett" so that Streisand will not be taxed with " a name that is too Jewish or too unattractive. So much for ethnic pride. <br /> <br /> The back step and backlash that continued the movie's release is almost legendary. The fact that the film finally looks so polished is remarkable. Nominal director Frank Pierson delivered the raw material for a good film, with substantial help from American film maker Robert Surtees. And the film served its purpose, and made a soundtrack album of decent pop songs (including the Oscar-winning Evergreen by Paul Williams and Streisand). But overall, the film seems to be the one thing that Streisand allegedly did not want it to be, a vanity project.
