I think that, deep in the darkest, slimmest part of their heart, everyone of Jerry Springer just likes a little. While his performance is undeniably offensive and stupid, it also gives us a chance to see. Relatively speaking, most of us really do. If you go to the trailer park life, dollar drinkin 'whiskey, incest lovin' people at the Springer show, make it even your worst day look like a walk in the park. Jerry is performing a public service, and we must be grateful. He used a political career to present the show, just to us. <br /> <br /> What we wouldn't be grateful for in any way is the piece of rubbish film "Ringmaster". "Ringmaster" shows how life is for people who stop being guests, or they want us to think. The movie follows the prescribed Springer story line: Love triangles. One triangle involves Connie, her daughter Angel, and her husband, Rusty. The other involves Starletta, Vonda and Demond. When the two indifferent groups meet in LA, their lives become entangled and clash on the head, which results in an explosive episode of the Springer show. That's what "Short Cuts" would be if Robert Altman had a serious cracking habit. <br /> <br /> "Ringmaster" is faithful to the show as it is dumb and offensive from start to finish. It also makes me very happy that I do not live in the lover, these are characters. But the movie has a problem. It's being charged as a comedy, but it's just not very funny. What must be laughing is little and far between. Maybe some people look at this and laugh non-stop. If you think work and rape are funny, well, then I think you are one of those people. Personally, I laughed two or three times and spent the rest of the movie in the awesome horrors of white rubbish. <br /> <br /> The Jerry Springer Show is just not meant to make the jump TV to the silver screen. What is funny in an hour-long show (less when you're advertising) won't necessarily be funny in a ninety minute movie. Movies have to tell a story, and that's something else, "Ringmaster" has problems with. The story is thin. There are so many plot holes and continuity errors that any attempt to tell a coherent narrative is quickly put. And even if there were no such problems, how much fun can you draw from a story of stereotypical people in a stereotypical story? Even the Hollywood formula couldn't make it any better. "Ringmaster: is so bad, it even screws the best part of the Springer performance: the Final Thought. built in. /> <br /> The worst offender in all these things is Springer himself, who is such a bad actor that he can't even play convincingly. for a 'What if Woody Allen played Jerry Springer's vibe, and he failed. Miserably. He had the trouble of producing this disaster. The least he could do was try to improve it just as much. that I "I say everybody else in this movie has donated a dignified performance. Just the opposite, everybody sucks. Not so surprising, no one has grown in this movie. Hagan do a job Nickelodeon sitcom, apparently Nick elodeon has no problem letting a woman die in the most boring movie of the 9 0's in a children's program. It makes you wonder what kind of things other adults did on that channel in their past. <br /> <br /> Here are my last thoughts: What we have here is a group of people without self-respect and a man with money to burn, who met their sources and brought their sources to a movie make that show how they hate themselves and how little they think of the intelligence of their viewers. Should we accept people who make movies that treat us as serious brain-damaged clums? I say no. Somewhere out there, in this crazy, mixed world, there is a perfect movie for each of us. We just have to keep looking. Take care of yourself and your loved ones next time. And never look at "Ringmaster".
