I can't quite say that "Jerry Springer: Ringmaster" is the worst movie I've ever seen. The movie would be better if it was, because at least the worst movie I've ever seen (Prom Night II) interested me enough to hate me. My only response after leaving the theater happened when I looked up at the watch and discovered that only 90 minutes had passed. It was much more like years. It is an endless repetition of poor people, or what Jerry Springer believes is poor people, screwing each other, hitting each other, insulting each other and repeating the process with the same attention to service that the rest of us use. when shampooing. The plot, which pertains to how a group of stupid people have had their life poor enough to provide pig for the Jerry Springer mill, is progressing simply because of the idiot of the characters. This makes it impossible to care for them. It never mattered to me whether they were on the show or what they said or with whom they slept. Maybe I shouldn't care about them. Perhaps I should look at them as a kind of kind - to see their outrageous behavior as inherently funny. It's not too bad. The humor is not shameful. It is harmless. This is predictable. Humor must have something to do with it, a kind of painful irony or life experience. Scatology is not white. An example. A mother catches her daughter and her husband in bed. To take revenge, she marches over the trailer and gives oral sex to her daughter's boyfriend. Since I was a long time ago about the shock of Jerry Springer's performance, I had the same reaction I had on Andrew Dice Clay's obscene nurseries; don't laugh, just yawn. Lastly, I found Springer's attitude as a populist tiring and unconvincing. If he really was an advocate of the poor, he would bring a single mom from Bed-Sty to talk about trying to raise her children in New York City at $ 12,000 a year. Or, if not, he would at least give the participants in his performances a cut of his profits. Jerry Springer gets millions for his shows, his movie, his book and videos. His guests only get travel flights, hotel accommodation and a chance to humble themselves. If he likes so much of poor people, he gives them at least a portion of the money they earn for him. It seems that Springer wanted to make this movie a legitimacy for him. Jeez, with all his good work, you'd think he'd earned our respect. Anyway, the movie is weak and boring. It doesn't even succeed in being offensive. If you want a better night, make a bug zapper for a night and then watch it.
