The Vampire bat is in the small German town of Klineschloss where Gustave Schoen (Lionel Belmore) meets the Burgermeister with inspectors. Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas) of the local constabulary on all recent murders. Six victims have been discovered Many weeks are all blood-drained and also carry the same two point-wounds on their necks. Britschneider does not have a single idea, but the superstitious elders of the town believe that death is the work of a Vampire. Britschneider is not convinced, but the scared villagers still tell stories to see a big bat. Meanwhile, the youngest victim Martha Mueller (Rita Carlyle) was found. Britschneider comes under increasing pressure to solve the murders, but can he really believe that a giant Vampire bat is responsible and if that is how will he stop it? <br /> <br /> Targeted by Frank R. Strayer The Vampire Bat was a cheap from Majestic Pictures to gather the success of his two stars Atwill & Wray and their success in previous years, Doctor X (1932) and is more of a murder mystery rather than an abomination, because the exploitative and seductive title may lead. you to believe and honestly say, it's pretty boring. Edward T. Lowe Jr.'s screenplay take himself quite seriously and set up the basic story that something locals kill and that something might be a vampire. For the most part, the film focuses on Brettschneider and his incompetent investigations that are not too fine about it are boring. The Vampire bat also has a bit of an identity crisis, as it doesn't quite know what it wants to be. The title will propose a horror movie, while most of it can easily be described as a player with the last few minutes falling into stupid sci-fi. There is no Vampire bat, the attempts to deceive you are pathetic, all the characters are broad stereotypes. You can tell the villain the straight and there is nothing quite exciting or entertaining about The Vampire Bat. I know it's old, but it's not an excuse, since the film has been moving a lot since 1933 and a dirty, flat, boring, boring and deceptive film like The Vampire Bat, don't cut it today, just watch the original King Kong (1933) released the same year and how brilliant it still holds today. I didn't like it and I doubt many modern filmmakers will be so straightforward and straight forward. <br /> <br /> Director Strayer does nothing special, but this is a case in point where I can cut the movie a little sneaky due to his age, that's pretty much point, shoot and hope for the best things. There is not much in the atmosphere or scares, although some of the sets already taken in The Old Dark House (1932) and Universal's European set on their backdrop are nice and add a certain atmosphere to things. <br /> <br /> Technically, the Vampire Bats can't be compared to anything, even in a modern way, because it's good, but I think again, I draw your attention back to the original King Kong. Speaking of King Kong it's the star Fay Wray has a role in it like horror icon Lionel Atwill, I'll be friendly and say the play is OK. <br /> <br /> I would fool the Vampire bat into thinking people are a horror movie about Vampire Bats, while it is not, personally I thought the whole thing was a bit of a drill. It's short and it says it's pretty enough, but I have to admit I'm not a fan.
