During the release of this film, director Mary Harron apparently had the goal of clearly documenting the progress of Bettie Page's career, from early modeling days, to leaving modeling to the Senate's juvenile hearings and her religious rediscovery in the 50's to return. So she plans to get all these facts on the screen in the time she's probably missed to explain in depth at any time. <br /> <br /> If you think of someone who has Page's career you think I have enough to discuss, her reasons, decisions, life event, personal trauma, but Harron avoids any kind of personal exploration of the character. In the first fifteen minutes of the film, there are brief tips on child abuse, domestic violence, and gang rape, but it is over and never referred to. You get the impression that Harron and Guinevere Turner (co-author) want to shine on anything that wasn't glamorous and flattering. You go into this movie and expect to gain insight into who the person was behind the posters, but all you have given is a list of things she did and relaxation of some of her best-known photo shoots. <br /> <br /> All in all, the movie really frustrates you as you look and waits for some extra layers to reveal itself. How did she balance her religion with her work? What made this young Tennessee girl move from modeling into slavery photography. The film only shows her to another modeling agency and puts everything she told, but that would definitely mean some shock and deliberation. It was after the 50's. <br /> <br /> It seems to me that Harron is trying to make a point about how tough it all is according to today's standards (Page never took photographs of explicit sexual acts) and how the response some of these kinds of things, was really overwhelming. And although this is true, it never really looks like it. sordid in the eyes of others. Today we are looking at a young girl who is topless and not thinking about it, but we need to have a sense of how shocking it would be to a contemporary audience. This woman was a central part of a Senate hearing on Juvenile delinquency, but no one is ever really considered shocked. <br /> <br /> Basically, I left this movie just to think how soft it was. Harron and Turner managed to avoid anything that could be unpleasant to a viewer. They appear as two lifelong fans of Miss. Page and is desperate to make sure nothing, absolutely nothing, could put a bad light on their heroine. Therefore they avoided in depth what they really were. (Before and after her career there are reports of her violent nature and mental problems) And all that remains is the series of events that made her career, without any substance whatsoever.
