On September 26, 1983, a brief dumpy 60-year-old woman tried to murder Leonie Haddad, a woman whose husband was recently killed, and agreed to take a lodge that came from an elderly housing authority . Haddad was not made aware that her new loser had just come from the Patton State Mental Hospital, where she had been detained for an unexplained knife attack on a married couple three years earlier. Haddad soon realized that something in Denmark was "rotten" when the woman locked herself in the bathroom with a tape recorder that had prophecies about "seven gods." Haddad's fears were confirmed one day when she woke up to find her writer while she put her breast with a bread knife and said that God had inspired me to kill you. Haddad managed to beat her attacker with a telephone, but not before she lost a finger and had a deep face on her face and chest. It was a miracle she survived. The innkeeper was judged to be innocent because of madness, but sent, kicked and shouted back to the law academy. Ten years later she was released and found that she was now a famous person; but not for the brutal attacks on her innocent victims, but for her incarnation of 25 years earlier when she is known as the 'Queen of the Curve's, the' Tennessee Tease 'and' Miss Pin Up Girl of the World '- the infamous Bettie Page. <br /> <br /> Director Mary Harron, mostly known as 'American Psycho', brings us back to the glory days of a legendary cheesecake and slavery model (played solid enough by Gretchen Mol) who accidentally hit the blue written for fetish iconography. and whose influence can be found in everything from comics to catwalks. T.N.B.P is a day-to-day fun ride through a splendid portrayal of the 1950s, where Page, with the family help of well-meaning boyfriends and photographers, becomes the number one star of pocket-sized men's gloves with titles like Wink, Tab and Parade. Her real dream of movie staring evaded her and a brush with the authorities on obsession charges in 1957 is the inciting incident that leads her to model and give herself to God. The overall style of the film is light and foamy and only briefly disappears with an indication of her father's turbulent attention and a sexual assault that inexplicably has no noticeable effect on her. Mol plays as she looks in her photos, happy, carefree and fun - even the bondage shots betray a little more than a good humored incomprehensibility. The film ends in the best way with the extradition of Bibles in a park, with no indication of the real unhappy marriages, personal tragedy, and decent in murderous madness that lies ahead of her; To avoid what I think is the essential core of Page's story - rebirth and resurrection. <br /> <br /> Following a decade of seizure, Page found that her cult had been in the rise since the mid-1980s and that she had become a great underground icon, which many asked happened to Bettie Page ". Her 'mysterious' disappearance fed the fires of a number of conspiracy theories, but only to the pleasure of her legend. When the world's media finally caught up with her, she hadn't talked about her darker past, and she soon photographed magazines, TV and photos at Playboy parties holding the likes of Pamela Anderson and the equally tragic Anna Nicole Smith. . She found that she was now more known than she ever was in her "glory years", but in the glory of this "resurrection" it was only a matter of time before the full story came to light. <br /> <br /> The only notorious thing about The Notorious Betty Page was omitted when she was really notorious.
