"The 700 Club" must be the largest television program in the history of television itself. To make matters worse, it has been on the air since 1966, which means that thousands, if not, millions of people buy into their hatred and lies. Pat Robertson, the unscrupulous, megalomanic founder and leader of the Christian Coalition, "The 700 Club", leads us from misinformation to misunderstanding, broadcasting "news" if they like to think and try to convince his audience that all the World's problems are blamed on homosexuals, Wiccans, New Age spiritualists, Muslims, Jews, Hindus, non-fundamentalist Christians, Democrats, single mothers, foreigners, feminists, evolutionists, environmentalists, NASA scientists and anyone else who doesn't share them fanatical religious views. It's actually the best fake news since the Daily Show, or the "Weekend Update" segment of "Saturday Night Live" or since "FOX News". Of course, Pat is always the one who makes each of the decisions, and says everything that comes in mind and doesn't give a damn that offends or hurts. Meanwhile, he continues his part in the struggle to transform the United States into a militarized police state by holding the Religious Wrong, what they can, and asking for one donation to another - no less than a bad $ 100 to fund a member, incidentally, Pat's African diamond mines and buy oil from companies that have been proven by government for their environmental abuse. No, it's not wise that Pat was good friends with the genocidal dictators of Zaire and Zimbabwe to help him find such wealth. It's all for the greater glory of God, don't you know? And of course, the hosts of "The 700 Club" are always willing to read "written by viewers" letters as they say, coincidentally each typed in the same format and all on the same color paper by "viewers" cure of various horrors by said hosts (they claim to have 'knowledge of knowledge') but who never appear on the program to say what happened to them. Honestly, how can someone take a show seriously when they use a bad applause? It should make people wonder why no studio was heard. <br /> <br /> The sad thing that Pat's cronies and viewers don't realize or just don't realize is the terrible things he did and said. It is a man who agreed with Jerry Falwell that the terrorist attacks on the United States of 11 September 2001 resulted in God punishing us for accepting homosexuality and feminism. Ironically, as Pat twice referred publicly to the implementation of a nuclear weapon in the State Department; I have little doubt that it was his wealth that kept him from being arrested for such statements. His rations against homosexuals, single mothers and any sexual practices he regarded as "sinful" are interesting as he visited a number of brothels during the Korean War. As the Bible says, be fruitful and multiply, so congratulations, Pat. Thank you, there are probably a number of children born to make Korean mothers. Then there was of course the time he called for the murder of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez (not that he is a saint but still). Oh yes, and let's not forget about the time that this "crusade for human life" supported forced abortions in China. Many "Christian" of him, don't you want to say? <br /> <br /> And just as Pat forgot, I didn't forget his change that evangelical Christians today are "treated exactly like the Jews in Nazi Germany." Honestly, to compare his "fate" with the horrors of the Holocaust are almost unforgivable. To mention what should I mention about how he blatantly lied that homosexuality ran under the Nazi party in a pathetic attempt to discredit homosexuals? Of course, history shows us that the Nazis acted on homosexuals in the same way they did to Jews. Pat Robertson is one of the greatest liars in history. If he were Pinocchio, his nose would surround the Earth. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, more and more people believe him every day. It is your calling, people; "The 700 Club" is one of the most, if not the single, hidden program in television history. It is a pity that this is so good; it is a wolf-in-sheep clothing. It is a turbulent dirt that tries to look clean, beautiful and loving. It is the living proof that hateful, dangerous religious views are not limited to certain groups in the Middle East. Even those who are not of the Christian faith know that it goes against all that Jesus taught, and if Jesus appeared to this "club," He would not follow them. Instead, He will chastise them as He did the Pharisees of His time and overthrow the money bowls of their teletones as He did before His synagogue. All I can say is thank God that Pat had no chance of becoming president. if he did, he would be the harbinger of Armageddon - and not the good guys.
