I don't think there was ever a more angry or bad television program to fly in the United States than The 700 Club. They are today equivalent to the Ku Klux Clan of the 20th century. Their hatred of everything that is good and sweet and human and pure is beyond the ability to understand. Their daily constant attacks on millions and millions of Americans, as well as billions of people around the world, who do not share their supposed, cruel, monstrous and utterly mad view of man, are beyond what television has ever seen. The lies they emit and the ridiculous lies they are trying to go down as truth, such as the idea of ​​"life after death" or "god" or "sin" or "the devil" are so ominous that they are actually sick look. they are lost in their fantasy. Sane people know that religion is a drug and doesn't allow them to become addicted to that type of fantasy. However, the 700 Club itself is in a class. They are truly a cult. Believing in freedom of speech, they spread hatred, lies, disinformation and such great ideas are beyond all limits. One day I hope the American Psychiatric Society will take up the study of the people who deceive themselves in this way, people who sink themselves so deeply into the fantasy land of religion that they are no longer a real concept of reality. do not have . Treatment for such married individuals is very much needed in this country, as so many people have completely lost their minds to the fantasy of religion. However, the 700 club is even more frightening, as it goes up to the legal definition of 'cult', but because of The 700 Club's great wealth (which is locked daily by the millions of Americans in their deceptive grip) they are above the law in this country. . For those of you who have seen the movie "The Matrix", you know that the movie was a metaphor for religion on earth: the evil people at the top of each of the religions, what the people they have captured and what Abusing themselves, draining their own selfish purposes, and the millions being killed and slowly drained out of their power of life, represent those who have a great deal of faith and who have lost all the ability to see what is really going on. <br /> <br /> In less civilian times the good townspeople would have run such monsters as those associated with the 700 club in town with torches and forks. But in today's world where people have lost their choice in their choices of television, we can't get rid of the 700-lot scourge. <br /> <br /> The TV classification system and the "V" slice on TVs should also have a rating called "R" for religion, so rational people and concerned parents can easily screen such boring intellectual and brutal emotional rape, as presented by The 700 Club every day throughout our country, of themselves and their children.
