Years are over, as Don Wilson used his martial arts to take a robot programmed to destroy him. He is also married to the blonde reporter (Stacie Foster) who led the uprising in the first film. There is now a new conspiracy in The Works, one that immediately involves dreamers who see our two heroes, and a corporation that wants to rule the world. (There is no plot to repair any of these) and Cyber ​​Tracker 2 becomes a virtual repetition of the first movie. I admit that I bought DVDs from the bargain made by PM. PM was a company that specialized in cheap jack action movies (like this one) that had tons of explosions, small story and overall nothing but mean action. Some of these titles are (generously) pleasing (Last Man Standing and The Sweeper), but Cyber ​​Tracker 2 is stuck with throwing charisma-less Don Wilson. When comparing similar lead PMs, Jeff Wincott and C. Thomas Howell are nominated Oscar compared to Don Wilson. Another telling sign is that it is directed by Richard Pepin. He doesn't have any of the flair Joseph Merhi that looks like craft sequences that feel much more expensive than their budgets. Then both of them both C. Thomas and Wincott are probably more expensive to obtain. Cyber ​​Tracker 2 is a rip with a capitol R, there is so much steal of better movies (Robocop, Terminator, Universal Soldier to even Halloween III!) That it almost looks like Richard Pepin has a sense of identity to the pedestrian Even without the intelligent ideas or at least the ceaseless zipper of good action, Cyber ​​Tracker 2 falls flat. There is literally no good idea that is not borrowed from a better movie and the supporting cast is too little. The only exception is Tony Burton, who is miles better than the material. Stacie Foster also seems to be better with much better material. But Cyber ​​Tracker 2 comes out mostly as noisy, slim and slender as its front man, but with no real martial arts ranges to fall back on, though there are many overcrowded cars and it alone is no substitute for expressed the bankruptcy of ambition here. <br /> <br /> * 1/2 out of 4- (Poor)
