When they killed John Amos's character, they killed the show. He was the important part of the information structure. You had a story of an inner family struggling to make it the best way they knew it. They were poor, they were black and they proved that if you have Jesus and your family, nothing is too difficult. Certainly James will lose work and JJ will fail in school, but the family has always managed to find a way. <br /> <br /> James was the strong male role model who earned the income and disciplined the kids. Florida was the strong lady that would have included James when he needed a shoulder to cry or make it. The children had personalities and inputs that made them a family unit. Their neighbor, Willona, ​​was also an important element because she not only represented a friend, but some were enough to be family. Things were bright, angry, funny and honest until they changed the program. James died and JJ took over the show. <br /> <br /> Flo was still a mother, Thelma was in a woman and Michael was still the militant midweek, but JJ was the show. We had to believe that the family could live without the father or prominent breadwinner. I think James's salary didn't do much for the family. They were threatened with evictions only because they said they were moving and not because no one was working in the house. I know that JJ, Flo, Thelma and even Michael have finally found work, but come here for real. James worked so much that you could feel him, but the others were not realistic at all and that is a pity. JJ was the comic relief, but I felt the show needed dust. It's right to be funny, but they had a chance to show a real family and what it took to survive in the real world and throw them away with a few laughs. Michael's character almost disappeared while the rest of the role slid into the shadow of JJ Evan's performance. I really mean, here was a man who stayed in school, he got rid of and painted in about two episodes for money. James has always been there to encourage his talent, but Flo and the rest of the family didn't cry. <br /> <br /> Why did it take him so long to understand that painting was what he was meant to do? He could have sold or worked on street painting for people who printed billboards and billboards. (He did, but something went wrong.) Why didn't he make it and why did the others give up their dreams? I will tell you why it was because they didn't have a father in their life to care for them and encourage them and their mother stopped supporting their dreams. The show stopped teaching us to grow, build and learn and started learning about gimmicks and catch phrases. They had to keep James. If any show needed a dad, it was one.
