What we have here is a classic case of too much patriotism. This is what happens when you live in a small country, with very little (not at all) cinema history. When someone comes with a slightly more ambitious film project? Unlike the usual drama about struggling farmer families or long feature slapstick movies of local comedians ?? Everyone feels compelled to love it and even be responsible for distributing favorable reviews across the country. This is especially true when the author / director of this particular movie is already a nation's favorite, as he is also the founder and lead singer of a popular rock band. "Any way the wind blows" is not a bad movie at all, but it is definitely overestimated (if possible even within the confines of a small country) and has absolutely nothing new or even original to offer. It is basically the Flemish version of classic films such as "Short Cuts" and "Magnolia" and illustrates a mosaic of characters whose daily lives do not initially relate, but eventually come together. The only thing that seems to be uniting the eight protagonists initially is the city of Antwerp where they all live and work, but gradually the deeper relationships between them become transparent and close to the climax they all gather for a feast. The biggest problem with "Any Way The Wind Blows", at least according to yours, lies with the characters. They are really random, uninteresting and honest, experiencing nothing beyond the habit. It was probably author / director Tom Barman's intention to portray the average and regular resident of Antwerp, but then, seriously, what is the point? One of the characters is fired from his film projection work, another is a failed novelist struggling with a marriage crisis. Two brothers and sisters recently lost their father and the most mysterious one of them is all followed by the wind he goes to. There are a few characters that go through the screen on a regular basis, but it's even less worth mentioning. These people simply move over and over many very random topics (such as life in the 80s, dates and each other's gut movements) and philosophy on matters for which nobody cares. Some of the dialogues evoke mild chuckles, especially the interactions between the two twenty-one guys from Ghent, but still nothing extraordinary or even memorable. The film actually works best as a tourist video to promote the city of Antwerp and as an extensive and versatile music documentary. There are several attractive and fine views of Antwerp and there are always beautiful music plays, whether really hard or subtle in the background. Generally, "Any Way The Wind Blows" is a capable and attractive effort, but for humans and slightly boring. And I'm honestly wondering that most of his fans would even bother to see if it wasn't a Flemish production.
