This film was messy, incoherent and confronted. It was also a very moderate depiction of women. I rented it because it was listed as a comedy (it's a stretch), and because the cover said Andie McDowell was in a storm. She wasn't. I'm a gall, I watched this movie with two guys, and we spent an hour publishing and commenting on how bad it was. <br /> <br /> WARNING: LARGE SUMMARY UNDER! RAMPANT SPOILERS! <br /> <br /> The movie starts with a pretty cut plot about an older woman taking up a younger man, to the serious disapproval of her two jealous girls. They want her to marry a boring man with whom she loves. But she is so happy with her famous puppy that you root for them to keep it out, and sure enough, she decides to marry the man. But her harpy girlfriend, assisted by the wishy-washhy one, set a plot to deceive our heroine into thinking the man is at her deception. It works. She has a fight with him, he walks out of the house and is broken by a truck. (Remember the movie's title?) So now he's dead, two-thirds of the way through the movie. And while our heroine is a schoolmaster who spends her time looking at girls, she has apparently forgotten to use birth control and is pregnant. <br /> <br /> She has already broken relationships with her friends because they were so incompetent. Sadly, she decides to marry the boring man. Did I mention that the boring man who loves her is a minister? She asked him to marry her with the young man (pretty, huh?), But now she tells him she will marry him and apparently he has no objection that he will be cut in this way. But her girls rescue her at the altar and bring her home, where they do not confess that they were mostly responsible for the love that had smothered her life. She has the child. In the last scene, they leave it in a manger in her home as they come out on the stoep to drink, smoke and smuggle. I don't kid you, it's so bad. I left out the part about the cancer-red herring and the harpy's ridiculous lesbian moment.
