I almost walked out, but I paid my money, and wanted to keep my almost disturbed friend. After the engaging, cruel innocence of "A New Hope" and the exciting sophistication of "The Empire Strikes Back", I remember the expectation of "Return of the Jedi" with almost painful anticipation. But from the start of this insulting commercial sewer, I was extremely disappointed, and angry at Lucas. He had to be ashamed of himself, but this abomination undoubtedly proves that he does not have a subatomic particle of shame in his cold, greedy heart. Episode I will continue to reinforce this fact - Your Honor, I call Jarjar Binks (but first give the bag of bags to the jury members.) From the initial raising of the gate at Jabba Lair, this "movie" was nothing more than a two-plus-hour commercial for so many licensable, lucrative action figures as Lucas could succeed - the pig-like guards, Jabba's hokey meat-colored flunky muppet pet, the new and reclaimed cabaret figures, the monsters, etc., etc., ad vomitum. Then there was the terribly cute and marketable Ewoks. Step up all the rebel alliance strangers. Fifteen seconds each on screen (or less) and kids only have one for their collection. Lucas did not even bother to set up a new plot - he just dug the star of a new hope and into a boatload of cheap sentiment. What a horror hit in the face of his supporters. I can't shake the idea that Lucas had a perverse pleasure in pushing this drink on his fans: "I closed these lemmings so badly that I cast out the worst piece of smelly, thin garbage I could dream, and they will fly to the theaters to scarf them, plus, all the kids will grind and torture their parents until they buy the brats a complete set of action figures from every single unpredictable, unfinished caricature I have filled in and I get a cut This will make me even more obsessed. "<br /> <br /> There were some spicy, partial handfuls of redemptive moments in this miserable rip-off. I want to remember that Harrison Ford just managed to keep his nose above the surface of this cesspool. But whatever little shining points may be, it is wiped out by the offensive commercialism that Lucas embraced so fiercely in this total, absolute sale to profit.
