Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare begins as a dream monster. Freddy Krueger (Robert Englund) leaves a teenager (Shon Greenblatt) on the outside of Springwood, without any memory of himself, who he is or why he is there. The local police pick him up and take him to a youth center where child psychiatrist Maggie Burroughs (Lisa Zane) maintains him. She finds a newspaper in his pocket leading the two to Elm Street in Springwood, where they discover that no children live there. & therefore no casualties for Freddy kill anyone. It seems that Freddy has an extensive plan to find his daughter and use her to escape Springwood. When Maggie realizes what Freddy is for her and some children decide they have to kill Freddy once and for all ... <br /> <br /> Targeted by Rachel Talalay, it's made with the goal of being the final A Nightmare on Elm Street movie that has reached five by this time, of course if any horror movie fan knows if there is still money made of a franchise or a character, then there is no way in hell Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare was the last one that of course was not. The A Nightmare on Elm Street Series is a franchise of declining returns, as the films dropped in quality as the series progressed until we got here. Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare is probably the worst of my money. The movie is moving at a reasonable pace and it is rarely boring, but it is so stupid, childish and feels like a lively action cartoon with some terrific events that are one million miles from Wes Craven's exciting and effective early 80's. The sequence in which Stoner Spencer is trapped in a video game played by Freddy is terrific on his own, but then we are returned to his body's shots in reality, moving the house from wall to wall and floor to ceiling to reflect what is most ridiculous thing I've seen for a while, or perhaps the early scenes when the John Doe child falls from a plane to the ground, just like the Coyote cartoon character in the Road Runner cartoons or the absurd face of Freddy who threatens the deaf Carlos pens he plans to fall to the floor to make a loud noise or when he eventually kills him by scraping his knives over a blackboard. You can't take it seriously and I just sat there and didn't quite believe what I saw. When they finally try to kill Freddy, the hero is given a secret powerful special weapon, yes it's right to get some cardboard 3-D glasses! The character is poor, the dialogue is poor and the plot is confusing. This does not really mean the Elm Street continuity. Overall, the movie is a bit of a mess, the best I can say about it is that it's quite a bit of unintentional humor and you can definitely laugh about it. <br /> <br /> The movie has great tonal problems because it tries to be dark, frightening and sinister, but it is so stupid and sometimes ridiculous that any attempt to be serious falls completely flat. There is not much gore in this one, there are a few fingers down, some stitching, someone falls on a nail bed and that's about it. The body number is extremely low here with only three deaths. The last twenty minutes of Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare was shot in 3-D, although the version I saw presented this section as normal, so I can't comment on how well it works or not, but you can definitely see shots that are meant to be seen in 3-D which benefit from the process. The special effects vary, some are pretty good, while others are terrible. Freddy's burnt makeup looks pretty poor this time. <br /> <br /> It apparently had a budget of about $ 5 million (it has an opening weekend box office taking $ 12 million) and the movie has some nice visuals and gags that feel the thing even more cartoony as it already is. The acting is really poor from the main lines, although there are some strange cameos including Tom Arnold & Roseanne, Johnny Depp & Rocker Alice Cooper. <br /> <br /> Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare is probably the worst of the whole series and apart from some unintentional laughter value there is not much to recommend or enjoy. Fans of the series will probably keep it and defend it, but it is so far from Wes Craven's original classic shocker as it gets. Followed by New Nightmare (1994) who tried to take Freddy Krueger and the series in a new and different direction.
