Actually, they don't, but they definitely did when trying to think of a simple line that gives enough summary of how terribly this entry in the series really is. There were a few moments that could have been good, but they are mostly overweight by their own conversion into missed opportunities, and don't let me start badly. <br /> <br /> The wasted opportunities are pretty obvious, but I'll repeat them here if someone cares. Anyone who has not seen the movie and really gives a throw will be advised to stop reading at this point. The first, and possibly the biggest, wasted opportunity, was the plot with Freddy's lost child. Now, the extreme mental illness Freddy seems to suffer (and I can quickly add that less than one percent of mental patients are a threat to other people, alone in this respect) is HEREDIT, so why not? a mysterious type of treasure in which Lisa Zane's character dreams of Freddy's teenage years are murdered, just later we discover it's actually doing all the murder? Sounds like a good idea to you? Obviously it is above Talalay and De Luca's heads. <br /> <br /> Then there's the trip to Springfield, where the entire adolescent population has been wiped out, and the remaining adults are experiencing some kind of mass psychosis. Funnily enough, mass psychosis was actually portrayed in a realistic and convincing manner, although it has a fair amount to do with the fact that we are never shown too much. We only get quick visual hints of the massive loss of connection with reality arising from the sadness of every youngster in the village who dies for reasons beyond human understanding and control. The essential problem with this plot element, however, is that the town is abandoned too quickly and with no real answers. This collection of scenes would have been over with ten minutes of saying ... one healthy citizen explaining to these visitors why the Springfield Fair looks like a horror program. <br /> <br /> Of course, horror movies are never listed. for their character development, unless it is the kind of horror movies John Carpenter used to register, but how do we really care about characters we don't know about death? At least Wes Craven took the time to compile his characters in the original. He used some cheap tricks to sign the audience. This is indeed the biggest problem with Freddy's Dead: it just doesn't try everyone, enough enough hard. <br /> <br /> On a related note I feel sorry for Robert Englund, now that he is more or less inextricably linked with the Freddy character. He played much better characters in much better productions (for example, the science fiction miniseries "V") and is always remembered as "the man Freddy played", he briefly sells him. It seems he will never break the form of horror movies. As for the rest of the movie, I think their performances are talking to themselves. They deserve to type so many more than B-grade horror props permanently. Even Yaphet Kotto does not escape this one intact, as his character is one of the most childish in the history of B-movies. <br /> <br /> All in all, Freddy's Dead gets a 1 out of me. I'll vote lower, but the IMDb won't allow it. FD is really a testament to how an author's inability to exploit a concept to the greatest extent can not only destroy a movie, but a whole franchise.
