* May contain Spoilers * A few weeks after I originally wrote my review for Hood of the Living Dead, I realized that I might have been a bit too hard on this movie. That's why I decided I would do something I never did. Review the same movie again. Don't get me wrong, I still don't like the movie, I still think it's drunk, and I still think the zombies aren't all that zombie ish. The story in the movie is still, in my opinion, weak and lame. The story is about a man named Rick who works as a scientist (who only happens with a serum thing that cures diseases, in animals) and his brother Germaine, the two are not exactly the best way ( me me, an original plot point) and argue a lot. One day Germaine was shot in a row shoot, and Rick called on his scientific friend to help the serum revive Germaine (while most people phoned 911, but whatever), the serum failed of course and Germaine dies "(if that didn't happen, there would have been no movie), to the police and the shoulder (until the end of the day I would think the paramedics might have arrived) (what I still believe, just someone's van with a "coroner" lid thrown to the side, and Germaine returned to attack and kill the paramedics, and I will talk more about the plot, but I feel that if I tell more about the story, you don't want to see it (and we don't want it, will we?), but enough to say that the story (in my opinion at least) meanders and is slowly moving slowly (pun is not meant). As I said before in my review, the zombies don't look like zombies, I still think they look like they are in a state fight. It is not to say that they must all fall out and what not, but still there must be at least bites to the victims. I also don't like the fact that the director (s) are constantly moving at the rate at which the zombies move. They can't really decide whether the zombies should run or rock (as most zombie flies do), don't misunderstand me, I'm all running zombies, but making people think. In one scene the zombie walks to life, and in the other he just bumps into them. And sometimes they don't seem to be credible (yes I know their fictional creatures but still). Of course I am referring to the zombie that runs his hand on the wall as if walking through a dark lounge and I still do not. It doesn't like the zombie lying on the ground, being shot, then he looks like he's not shot. The sound in the movie also bothered me, especially the music, which, while it might just be my copy of the movie, was not quite. Music in a movie is important people. Especially when the audio editor sounds like the director just took a friend video camera and shot a little zombie girl. The acting is still horrible (in my opinion) and is similar to the American "actors" of the Japanese zombie film Junk. The movie is still bad, almost House of the Dead bad, it's better, no doubt about it, but then it doesn't say much. It's not the worst movie out there, and it is better than a lot of live movies outside, but at the end of the day it wasn't good. I also think the movie really moves very slowly, despite the fact that it is only an hour and twenty minutes (and yes, I still don't like the opening song). This is the type of movie I think is well suited to take precedence over the Sci-Fi network. That's why I am obliged to give this film a debacle one in ten. But think of this way, at least it's not a negative.
