In director Sooraj Barjatya's Vivah, 20-year-old Delhi's son, Shahid Kapur, found himself killing himself, the little town girl his father chose to marry. Shahid is attributed to her innocence and simplicity. Shahid just barely agrees to marry moments after meeting her at her home in Madhupur, and the young lady in question Amrita Rao looks evenly through her lovely trial. The marriage was established six months later, and the couple find themselves in the first few young, emerging love, regardless of their geographical distance. But Amrita, who was raised by her uncle and her aunt, was a terrible disaster after her parents died, just hours before marriage. And then it's up to Shahid to play the honorable lover and to embrace her unconditionally. Many in the same bait as Hum Aapke Hain Koun and Hum Saath Saath Hain, Barjatya's new film Vivah is one family drama with an extremely idealistic point of departure. But the plot of this new movie is unfortunately so outdated, even more far-fetched than this regressive Ekta Kapoor soap. And the problem is clear ?? You just can't relate to such squeaky clean characters that don't have one bad leg in their bodies. There are many things that work in favor of and against Hindi movies, and timing is one such important factor. Twenty-five years ago, perhaps Vivah's plot may not have felt like this, but today it seems as if the product of a thought is stuck in time. Perhaps the film's only saving grace is the fact that it is sincere from beginning to end, you can immediately find out that the filmmaker's intention is not to deceive. By judging both Barjatya's previous films and by scrutinizing this new one, you can safely state that Barjatya believes in a perfect world, he believes in his good-as-gold characters, he believes big families together under the same roof can live without the slightest clashes. But unfortunately he can't translate his vision on the screen. It's hard to see how one-dimensional its protagonists are ?? Shahid and Amrita, both virtuous and virgin ?? I mean, think about it, the first time they hold hands, is an hour and twenty minutes in the movie. Barjatya may think he is returning to his Maine Pyar Kiya roots with Vivah, but the truth is that why we embraced Salman and Bhagyashree in that movie, or even Salman and Madhuri in Hum Aapke Hain Koun, is because they are so had a fantastic chemistry. For though they were created in the same form as Shahid and Amrita in Vivah, those pairs had mischief and masti. Shahid and Amrita are just careless and boring. For a movie that relies heavily on music to tell its story, the filmmaker chooses a string of 70s-style songs that further relax the movie's killing pass. But if I had to choose just one reason to explain why Vivah didn't work for me, it's because I'm not sure I can relate to any of the characters that inhabit Barjatya's story. For some, Vivah will give hope that a perfect world like this is somewhere there. But I'm a bit cynical, I think. So, give me the cocky Madhuri from Hum Aapke Hain Kaun, give me the bitter Salman of Maine Pyar Kiya, I'll even take that evil Karisma Kapoor from Hum Saath Saath Hain. But save me from this crazy. You know, some marriages are not made in heaven. This one is Vivah!
