If this documentary was not made by well-known French director Louis Malle, I would probably have switched it off after the first 15 minutes, as it was an incredibly boring look in a very ordinary Midwestern American town in 1979. This is not exactly my idea of ​​a fun topic and the movie material looks a lot like a collection of home movies. Since I didn't know about these people, it was even less interesting. <br /> <br /> As it was a pretty piece of lifestyle documentary, I wondered while watching the message they were trying to convey? Perhaps it was that values ​​are not as conservative as you might think - it was an underlying message by many of the vignettes (like the Republicans whose son was a draft resistance, as well as the husband and wife who had sex outside of marriage thought it was just fine). Or, perhaps, the meaning was that there was a great tension underlying the beautiful hometown. As several ugly ideas such as the Jewish blame for financial conspiracies, anti-black dwarfism and homophobia, everyone is briefly investigated. <br /> <br /> The small town of 1979 was explored in depth and an idyllic kind of world was portrayed, but when filmmakers returned six years later, the mood was depressed thanks to President Reagan. It has been very unsuitable for several reasons. First, the 1979 section was almost 90% of the film and the final 10% consisted only of a few interviews of people blaming the president for just about anything but acne. What about the rest of the people in this town? Have they all seen Reagan as angry or that their lives have become negative? With just a few updates, it was suspicious. Second, while it is true that national debt has doubled in the intervening years, it has also done the gross national product. And while Malle showed a very optimistic period in 1979, it was far from the fact that the 1974-1980 period had many shortages (gas, sugar, etc.), strikes, high inflation and general malaise. While I'm not a huge fan of Reagan, because the government's growth has not slowed down during its administration, the country was generally much more optimistic than it was in the Ford and Carter years. While many in the media demonstrate Reagan (a popular sport in the 80s), the economy has improved significantly and the documentary program looks very one-sided and agendas driven. The documentary gave a thorough coverage of 1985 and it was not too negative to believe (everyone didn't make their lives worse - it became common sense), then I thought differently. /> <br /> Overall, not the wonderful documentary party proclaimed it - from a dull movie in 1979 to an extremely oblique look at 1985. <br /> <br /> By the way, it's just me, or does the movie DROP DEAD GORGEOUS look inspired, at least in part, by this movie? Both are in similar communities, but the latter was a hilarious writer without all serious undertones.
