When I started watching The Muppets Take Manhattan, I was convinced by the slick presentation and dialogue that I was watching something recently, so you can imagine my surprise when I come to the IMDb and read that it was made in 1984. Jim Henson can be the The Muppet Show at its peak, but spins like this and Muppet Babies (apparently based on a very horrible sequence in this movie) are the absolute nadir of all things Muppet. I wondered why Muppets had such a mockery of such film reviewers as Mr. Cranky lured, so I'm glad the Muppets Take Manhattan (henceforth: TMTM) set me upright on one. Of course, many series had a massive drop in quality when the third episode came around: Aliens, RoboCop, The Evil Dead, Even Night Of The Living Dead. So, while it is not surprising that TMTM is less than The Muppet Movie or The Great Muppet Caper, the surprise is entirely less than the wonderful debut or slightly less sequential TMTM. Not only is the music much less satisfying, the screens that make it all together are absolutely terrible. <br /> <br /> Of course, there are some redeeming and really funny moments, but they are few and far between. The Swedish chef is wonderful in any scene he lives in, so thank the spirit of little mercy that he appears in one order where his eccentricity is fully utilized. The problem is that there are no scenes that work. The story, as it is, revolves around a Broadway musical Kermit trying to be produced. He is going through many trials and tribulations, including the confusion the viewer has seen before. The biggest problem is that Kermit doesn't have a decent antagonist to finish off this time. Charles Durning was film gold as Doc Hopper, the owner of a fast food that Kermit wants to exploit for his business. Charles Grodin was dynamic as Nicky Holiday, a jewel thief who had to fight the Muppets for Mrs. Save piggy of a lifetime in prison. The saying is that a hero is as good as his antagonist, and these two are at least half responsible for the greatness of the previous two films. <br /> <br /> Charles Grodin also emphasizes what is wrong with TMTM. On behalf of the music sucks. The opening number of the Manhattan Melody shows that it is in the center of TMTM to make it beautiful. The drives that now dominate seem to be co-ordinated by the airwaves. I might just leave my peculiar sensitivity to the sounds of words and phrases, but songs like The Rainbow Connection inspired tears of joy, not irritation. Grodin's big solo during The Great Muppet Caper, while not having the same resonance, he highlights the scene of the film eight steps on its own. He's all class. And if there is one thing that TMTM can use, it rises eight steps along with reaching the class sheets. TMTM also feels heavy time compressed, with the story jumping from scene to scene, without any consideration to make sense or to give the story cohesion. Maddox himself pointed out that transition and cohesion made a movie feel like a coherent whole, rather than a mess of bits. See if you can find it in TMTM. <br /> <br /> While TMTM has its guest stars, they are either poorly used (Brooke Shields and John Landis), or completely out of their element (Liza Minelli, Dabney Coleman). Calling it a waste of time for puppeteer and actor is flattery. The absence of a final credit routine is particularly painful here, after Animal's "go home" post for especially The Muppet Movie in particular. Which highlights another problem. The characters are in most cases poorly written, with none of their individual characteristics being seen or heard. Diertjie sometimes screams real words, but they have nothing to do with the plot, or the conversation goes around him. Say what you would do about chunks designed to show characters, but think of Animal's moment after he had the immediate growth pill, or she "sighed" after the incident when he put the window on his fellow Muppets . See if you can remember an unforgettable moment with an individual Muppet, except the Swedish chef's hilarious misunderstanding of three-dimensional film that includes popcorn. Give up? Then you've proven my point. <br /> <br /> About two years later, since Labyrinth, one of the Henson company's best and timeless products outside the Muppets, arrived, TMTM is making more and more mystery. Perhaps this abuse convinced Jim Henson to reconsider his character development and use strategy. Or maybe the rubbish attributed to Frank Oz, who had just finished George Lucas' work on what many would agree, is the most childish episode in the original Star Wars saga. The authors were also involved in The Great Muppet Caper, so I will leave them off the hook, despite the fact that a script is one of the most important pieces of a movie. The production is also significantly improved, with Muppets being able to move in ways that were past. If the story and the script thought better, TMTM could at least be comparable to The Great Muppet Caper. As it stands, it is a good answer to the question of whether Muppets write under influence or excretion. <br /> <br /> That's why I gave The Muppets Take Manhattan a three out of ten. Two to name its real quality, and a bonus for the Swedish chef's moments. Without him, this film would be unwavering.
