The prospect and topic of making a criminal realize what his victims have gone through by capturing his family hostage, and promising and interesting. But this is the only interesting part that was also treated 20 years ago by director Ravi Tandon in his film "Jawab" (1985). The problem here is that Ace director Rajkumar Santoshi found himself in a kind of confusion or making it a quick action thriller (ie Khakee) or an emotionally rich heavy drama (Viz. Damini) and this confusion clear in the final outcome. If we ignore two of his Pukar (2000) and Lajja (2001), this brilliant director has always given us pretty charming films with a high entertainment value. That is why this film comes as a surprise, which made this writable director for half-baked characterization of both his protagonists. Amitabh Bachchan and Aryeman. As the film is over, the audience didn't know who to hate and with whom to sympathize, and this factor is the main limiting force in the full narrative. What begins as a war between an ordinary man and a sub-world ends up as limited knowledge of self-realization and regret of the Don about what went wrong with his family. The revelation of Don's son as a real bad does not come as a surprise element in the climax that, if compared to a similar situation in Khakee, worked as effectively with Aishwarya's character. It's not all, there's more. from the life of an underworld Don, working from abroad, looks pretty illogical. His open landing in Mumbai, where he was supposed to scare and run to his enemies and shoot them himself, didn't seem credible. A mediocre, newcomer actor Like Aryeman to Mr. Bachchan is not a good idea again. Still, the film has some pluses. Ashok Mehta's fine camera work, two good fighting order (co-ordinator Abbas Ali Moughal), a few light plays by Akshay Kumar In the Ist half, Santoshi's quick treatment, and of course, Mr. Bachchan, as usual, trying hard to give a life in his lifeless character. But all those things that are put together do not make it an exciting experience you and your family!
