I recently watched it again, and I saw it heart-warming to see how they really tried to bring the book to the screen, even though the shocking budget and hammy actors meant inevitable failure. With any objective measure, it was a disaster, but I found it easy to imagine how well a Lord of the Rings movie could be if someone made one sincere - and with the money to use the most talented artists and writers. Unfortunately, thanks to Jackson, it won't be possible for a long time. <br /> <br /> Watching this movie has left me with the impression that with any kind of budget this story could not be stopped. Fantasy offers just as many possibilities to make an interesting movie. There were many moments in this film that were potentially more interesting than Peter Jackson did, although of course you should always use your imagination because of the poor performance. For example, the way they try to show Frodo's world from Frodo's point of view. Or how Galadriel showed Sam what happened to another at home. <br /> <br /> Another thing I greatly appreciated in this version - the quiet moments. There were moments when dialogue with no background music was spoken at a silent relapse. Compare it to the grandiose swooping camera of the Jackson movies and the intriguing score designed to emphasize how each scene was the most gripping and powerful scene we ever watched. Jackson's films were full of their own interest, it was quieter and very modest. Jackson and co-owned it with over $ 270 million in production costs, at least $ 90 million more for marketing, massive tax breaks from the NZ government, and also received huge savings from filming in NZ, not the US . Notwithstanding the marketing demands, the intention was never to be faithful. It is well documented. Philippa Boyens said so much in an interview when she said they had deliberately not read the books again before writing the script. Jackson also declared that they originally intended to make a fantasy film "in line with" the lord of the rings, and that the one he really wanted to do was return from the King, because it had many battles but no character development. . <br /> <br /> However, this movie has become more true. Of course, there were many things wrong, the acting was terrible and it all sank and the pace was too fast. Of course, they cut a lot, and other scenes adapted, and for that they earn credit. While Jackson added many action scenes that didn't have a plot purpose, Bakshi cut book tones that did nothing to advance the plot anyway. There is actually a strange resemblance between the structure of the Jackson and Bakshi films near the beginning - because they both deviate from the original books in the same way - although of course it may be a coincidence. <br /> <br /> It wasn't a good movie, but the potential was there. Bakshi said in an interview to the Onion AV club that only animation could justify the lord of the rings. His version didn't work, but he might have been right.
