I haven't seen this movie for a while, so I'm afraid I can't be very specific about details. It had interesting points. Ralph Bakshi's attempt at an animated adaptation of J.R.R Tolkien's masterpiece was a very ambitious project, so ambitious that at one stage it was bankrupt during production. That's why it doesn't just stop somewhere in the middle of the second book of the trilogy (with a hint of a sequel that has never been made), the movie looks less than finished. It seems that some characters are animated while others are filmed, but whether it's deliberate is difficult to say. The whole thing suddenly made and undone, especially the Orcs and the Nazgul. Another problem, of course, is the huge gaps in the plot. Bakshi was in a hurry to finish this movie, and he somehow hoped to hit a book and a half in less than two hours (the new trilogy by Peter Jackson does it about twice.) was left too many important pieces. out (and I'm not just referring to Tom Bombadil, who I thought was good in the book, but would be stupid in a movie.) And of course, the end, which is completely out of place. I'm not even sure if Bakshi originally intended to end the film there, or even had an idea where he would end it. <br /> <br /> The characters ... well, most of them were okay. The hobbits don't look so bad (except for the gay Sam. Did you know that the manufacturers of the new trilogy originally wanted to make Sam a woman, so would there be a female main character?) If you're a Tolkien fanatic (like me), look at this movie (although I'm not sure about buying it. What special features does the DVD version have anyway?) But know in advance that you're not a real 'Lord Of The Rings' 'will not see Movie', but not much more than a historical curiosity, which probably does not look much better than the 60 version, would have used the Beatles with their plan (I actually think a psychedelic LOTR could have been The idea was to throw George like Gandalf, Paul as Frodo, Ringo as Sam and John as Gollum.) If you didn't read the book or didn't like it much or didn't like animation movies or not ' want to see a semi-finished movie ... stay away.
