The opening scene of this movie sets the pace for the entire half of his ninety minutes. The shots are generic, conventional and of television movie quality. The snow-drenched scenery is beautiful, but the characters kept in it have a similar quality to looking at a photograph of such scenery, the overwhelming feeling of distance. Some of the editing is pretty high quality and the work of a veteran professor. However, the dialogue is bunchy and artificial, and it looks more or less on 'real' conversations. Any emotional insight has been displaced in favor of curse, which, of course, is the way everyone shows their true feelings. The action is slow and slow. The overall feeling is that someone drops your cold water over your head, but so slowly that you barely notice, but ultimately you feel pathetic and sorry for yourself to be caught in such an incomprehensible situation. /> <br /> The mix of genres that the Fessenden apparently tried to use; psychological thriller, horror and family drama, although commendable for a serious lack of tension and interesting dialogue. The way the man, woman and child change trio is particularly unrealistic. The themes of family relationships played in a haunting environment have been many times previously covered by much better films, a direct example of The Shining (1980). The family unit is torn by innocent problems, which are difficult to understand or sympathetic to considering the relative ambiguity of writing. <br /> <br /> The family unit is barely trapped by the movie, and Fessenden plays the story of the story in favor of a slow family drama for most of the running time. The stalker figure Otis has little apparent motives for his actions and although it may be the most interesting and well-directed character, it is still very underdeveloped. The main characters are empty hands of people who were very difficult to relate to, their relationships with each other are particularly empty of any sentiment or feeling. Although the incompetence of the Erik per Sullivan's young character by his parents is presumably part of the story, will any reasonable person question his son if he allegedly speaks to someone who apparently does not exist? People can accept this movie as intelligent because of the relative lack of conventional aspects of spectacle-based horror movies, but this movie fails to see what genre you want to live on. You can read deep psychological meanings in every minute's details anything you will want, but I think people will be better off analyzing their mat for a deep emotional meaning, rather than these vacant submissive creations.
