Just in time to capitalize on the long-awaited movie version of Dreamgirls, the DVD is the release of these half-lost 1976 musical melodrama that also inspire the rise of the Supreme. Five years before the Broadway opening of "Dreamgirls" and partially released in the same period, it has a predominantly black cast and a story revolving around an emerging girl group, which is where the uniqueness ends. Written by Joel Schumacher well before becoming a big-league director of mainstream studio product ("Batman Forever", "The Phantom of the Opera"), this movie looks more gritty on the surface. This is true to form, but Schumacher weakens the storyline and character development by spraying abundant clichés and eye-rolling single-liners. Sam O'Steen, a well-known movie editor but neophyte director, leaves the production as a low-budget TV movie with a frustrating episodic structure, with some affinity for setting musical numbers. <br /> <br /> The story follows three Harlem sisters - sexy sister, self-righteous Delores and sweet Sparkle - as they sing in the church choir, meet smooth but deliberate boys Stix and Levi, and then find their first taste of success as a singing group - first as a jersey wear quintet called the hearts and then as a glittering trio known as sister and sisters. But of course there are problems beyond the stupid name of the group. Sister gets involved with the nasty drug dealer Satin Struthers who beats her and turns her into a cocaine junkie. Levi goes to prison to be caught in a drug survey for Satin; Stix gets frustrated by failure and becomes indifferent to some Jewish gangs for financial help; Delores are just excited; and poor little Sparkle has to decide what kind of future she wants. A big plus is that R&B big Curtis Mayfield wrote the atmospheric songs, a bit catchy and one, "Look Into Your Heart," a true winner. <br /> <br /> The solid throw is doing its best under the confronted circumstances. Lonette McKee's brave attempt to make Sister a tragic figure is suppressed by some of the ham-fisted plot turns, including a sad Billie Holliday turn in Mike. Before they hit it on bulk TV on a large scale, Philip Michael Thomas and Dorian Harewood set Stix and Levi out with vigorous vitality if not much credibility. The best work comes from Mary Alice in a relatively quiet twist as the girls' patient mother and a pre-"Fame" Irene Cara who effortlessly invents sincerity in the title role (though her client and hair stylist are shooting for the horrific appearance in the final scene). The DVD just comes with the original theatrical trailer, with a bold voice by DJ Casey Kasem and a five-part bonus CD of the original, cast by Aretha Franklin of her 1976 recording of the movie. soundtrack. It's not a horrible movie, just an interesting as a lack of curio covering the same ground as 'Dreamgirls'.
