Are you familiar with the concept of child art? While it's not the biggest Picasso, any three-year-old has ever reached their fingers, encouraging them to do more. If painting is what makes them happy, there should be no reason why a parent should keep it on a child. Typically, if a child likes to paint or draw, you will immediately see the foundation of their future style. You will begin to see their true form in this very primitive doodles. Well, this concept of children's artwork is how I felt about Fuqua's depressed cheap and unconscious movie bait. While on all accounts, it was a horrible movie, and it was impressive to see how Fuqua's style is being started by even the most beautiful moments. If you've seen Training Day or King Arthur, you'll be impressed with the birth of this director in his second movie ace. While Foxx delivers a terrific, unprecedented performance, there are some scenes that Fuqua defines and shows his brilliance behind the camera. Unfortunately, it only appeared in the last thirty minutes of the movie, but if you just focus on those scenes, you'll see why Fuqua's name appears on so many "Best Of". movie lit. <br /> <br /> I will never agree with someone who is refreshing and unique to Fuqua's eye behind the camera. His ability to place a camera in the strangest places to convey the simplest emotions is shocking. I'm surprised that more of Hollywood didn't jump on board this bandwagon. Even in the stupid Bait, you are witness to Fuqua's greatness. Two scenes that come to the fore are the blast scene near the center of the film and the horse scene close to the end. In both of these scenes, I saw the director Fuqua at work. Unfortunately, for the rest of this movie, all I saw was a combination of almost every action movie created. The nice hero on his happiness who suddenly finds his life overturned by an unknown force is a classic structure that only has to die in Hollywood. We've often seen these two, and no matter who you are (unless you're Charlie Kaufmann), you can't re-create the wheel. It's just impossible with this genre, and it is proven with bait. I was boring with Fuqua to just sit back and make it happen, which could explain why it took me three shows to complete this movie. I was just tired of the structure, and while I was hoping Fuqua would redefine it, he didn't. <br /> <br /> There was the play. While Jamie Foxx never impressed me as an actor, I was prepared to try this helmed vehicle. I wanted to see if he could pull another dramatic role as collateral. I was under the impression that it was perhaps the movie that was chosen to show producers that Foxx could handle the role in Collateral. Again, I was disappointed. Foxx was irritating. Not in the sense that it was the character of his character, but in the sense that Fuqua or Foxx did not take the time to fully train Foxx about what should be ad-libed and what had to be used further becomes the storyline. Instead, we were oppressed by the scene of Foxx's scene just trying to make the audience laugh. Add second long quips and cultural declarations to understand his audience that he was first a comedian, an actor second. Fuqua had to stop it immediately. Foxx's jokes have destroyed his character, which in turn has left me with nothing to hold on to. Instead of character development, he would have torn a joke. No style worked, no joke was funny. The rest of the roll was average. By this I mean that I have all seen similar roles. They didn't bring anything new to the table, nothing to the story, and nothing significant to the overall themes of the movie. They were pawns in the dead airspace. Fuqua had no control over this mess, and the final verdict just supports that accusation. <br /> Overall, it was a sad movie. With no creativity in sight and uncontrolled actors trying to get up, it originally started out as a decent story that ultimately sank faster in the spectacular mercury sand. Foxx was annoying, without character lines, and a complete bag of cheese. In every scene I saw no emotion, and when emotion was needed to convey a message, he preferred to pull out his shirt rather than tackle the problems. Are my words hard? I do not think so. If you see any movie, you want to see creativity, edible characters and themes that look close to home. Tar does not contain any of these. While I would give Fuqua to two of the scenes in this movie, the remaining five hundred were disastrous. Apparently I took the bait when I rented this movie, but I saw it now. Hopefully I can stop the other time I take that curious nibble. <br /> <br /> Degree: ** from ***** (for his two scenes that were fun to watch)
