666: The child begins as a plane crash, the only survivor of flight 666 was a young boy named Donald (Boo Boo Stewart) adopted by news reporter Erika (Sarah Lieving) and her cameraman, Scott Lawson (Adam Vincent) is after covering the incident for Channel 6 news. In the first place Donald looks like any ordinary child, but death seems to follow him, after warnings from a Nun & Vicar Scott start believing Donald is angry and the cause of all the deaths ... <br /> < br /> This straight-to-DVD horror movie was directed by Jake Perez under the pseudonym Jake Jackson and one must say 666: The child is really pretty poor. When I see the Asylum, I am responsible for a movie that I worry about, I get very worried because their record is terrible. They seem to specialize in making and / or distributing low budget horror movies that are usually rip-offs from some recent successful big budget horror movie and in the case of 666: The Child You Don't Have a Grade in Rocket Science need to realize that This is a complete cash rip-off at the recent The Omen (2006) released the same year. The writings of Benjamin Henry and Austin Laurel are horrible and simply cannot match the aspirations of the Hollywood equivalent. I mean exactly what exactly Donald the Antichrist expects of a middle-class family in a small town? It's hardly a good starting point to cause the destruction of the world, is it? Every character in 666: The Child is one of the main characters of The Omen, the adopted parents, the Priest who is trying to warn them and the sinister babysitter. There is a real lack of incident, there are hardly any gore and the plot is poor. I mean Donald is killing a dentist for trying to repair his teeth is just as random and unnecessary. What were all the disgusting pictures that Donald is going, where does the babysitter come from? There is nothing that connects everything. It's just an unbearable mess that gets bored very quickly. The references to number 6 are also annoying and very unpopular. <br /> <br /> Director Perez does well, I think it's competent as nothing else. There is virtually no blood or gore, there are a few blood jets, a cut hand and someone gets a circular saw stuck in their face, but it sounds much better than it looks on the screen. It's certainly not scary, there's no atmosphere due to a continuous, contemporary environment in a suburban home and there's no tension, because we never really know what Donald is trying to do and there is no threat to that. not him. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is good, it's made pretty well, but since the real movie is so poor, it makes little difference. The acting is not that good, but at the same time I got worse. <br /> <br /> 666: The child is a poor man. The Omen rip-off, I will earlier or repeat it any day of the week. Not good and definitely not recommended. Sequenced by the sequel 666: The Beast (2007) which also went straight to DVD.
