THE WATER DANCE (1991) The main character of The Waterdance, played by Eric Stoltz, finds himself in a rehab center with some other similar injuries. And there he must face a hard new life, limited to a wheelchair. This is an interesting and promising point of departure, but unfortunately it fails to implement. Instead, Hollywood is Schmaltz, with some interesting moments. Certainly the movie (Eric Stoltz, William Forsythe, Wesley Snipes, et al.) Is brilliant and performs well here as you would expect, but their talents are wasted. The characters are mainly stereotypes of some kind, and most of them are thoroughly unsuitable (the Snipes character is the exception). I think it's a kind of attempt to break people's ideas about the disabled "crippled" or "poor" by portraying them primarily as in your face, but it makes for a totally annoying experience. Eventually, it will show you what about those with permanent disabilities, in a way that is not softened or romanticized, which is useful and a good idea, but while the process can be portrayed, one can become a difficult person to be with, and it's worth dealing with, it's not part of that these characters in different grades should be contemptuous. They will also not have to be Disneyfeed; There is probably a middle ground somewhere. Through the film's conclusion, the Eric Stoltz character came to accept his status as a disabled person, but since he was such a flaming narcissistic monster from the beginning of the film to the end, we couldn't care less. <br /> <br /> In addition to his character problems, the movie is suffering from that strange syndrome that so many Hollywood movies suffer from; The syndrome doesn't really have an official name, but you call it "Unexplained Forgiveness Syndrome". It goes as follows: characters abuse the fools of each other, and then without much excuse, everything is forgiven (a particularly fascinating example of this is in the movie The Breakfast Club, in which one character most of the In one of the latest examples Spiderman 3, under the supervision of The Sandman, is crushed by a number of Manhattan, spitting it on Spiderman for about 15 monotonous minutes, before cooling down to what means "bees, now". The most peculiar example of IFS in The Waterdance is a sequence in which the Wesley Snipes character, after being named the n-word by William Forsythe's racist cycling character and his friends in the previous scene, has the same Forsythe character in the Next scene, as if nothing had happened so briefly. Again, without as much as a "Oh yeah, sorry about that business there, where I, you know, called you the n word." Does it make me wonder if these people really watch these movies before they release them, or just roll them with their eyes closed, clap them together in the room according to the scene number and call it a day's work?
