Stifler ran her naked mile and now lives at Beta House. Guessing things happening, people running naked and nerds are making fun and this series is dead in the water. The Naked Mile was a crap movie, but I found it to be much better than Band Camp. They seem to have returned to what didn't work for them and it also shows that they don't care. You can know where the target audience is and they spit it perfectly. Young teenage boys who want to see naked women, drink junkies and beer, will love the Beta House, everyone can just look away. <br /> <br /> Star Wars has become a massive success hammering audiences, because it is special effects ahead of time. Lord of the Rings created a whole world of mythical creatures and massive battles that astonished the eye. The Matrix changed the way action and sci / fi movies were made, specifically with the leading special effects. With all the advances in technology, we are eagerly awaiting the next big thing that will make our jaws fall to the floor. Then comes American Pie: Beta House, pushing the boundaries of technology. When people created spaces, landscapes and creatures using CGI, Beta House decided to use this technology to create semen. Yes, the thing that creates life, the thing you see so many times in pornographic movies, is created and the time delayed to show us that the white remains over the room are shooting at a teddy bear. Is it funny? Disgusting? Not? Beta House shows more nudity than The Naked Mile, which is surprising in light of the previous installment title. Need the movie? Of course not, is it ever the plot before, does it ever? Is it ever laughed? Are they ever woken up by young boys? Yes, the women are beautiful, but if I am the one who thinks there is too much nudity, then you can just make a porn. <br /> <br /> The woman who captures the love of our main character is beautiful and doesn't annoy the viewer as previous girls did in the series, but not once did I ever think that this character will ever do what she does not. I'm pretty sure every action of the characters in this movie is far from realistic. The American Pie series has fallen from a realm of reality to a fantasy world. None of the events in this movie will ever happen, if they ever did, I should attend this school immediately. Is this movie supposed to make people feel like they have a good time? Well, it's not, we'll see if they have a good time. By the end of the movie, we hate them for all the fun they have. <br /> <br /> There is a "Deer Hunter" scene in the movie, but making it "funny" for today's audience, they decided to replace bullets white horse semen. Are you still laughing? Instead of shooting themselves with the sperm in the head or face, they place the gun in their mouth. Are you still lying on the floor? The first time we met Stifler's roommate, he had sex with his girlfriend. Are you still on nudity? The movie initially looks like it's about the boys trying to get into the frat house, but then it moves to them in the frat house, but needs to do some tasks. Then it moves to a competition between nerds and boys. It is a little "revenge of the Nerds" on us and it seems impossible. I honestly don't know what this movie is about, because it's all over the place. <br /> <br /> Most of the comedies seem forced to shock. Even at the start of the father who showed his son the list of people, he had sex. The joke is somewhere there, I think his wife might not be the last name on the list, or it may have been that one of his son's friend's mother was on the list. Either one, it doesn't work. <br /> <br /> If you don't guess, this movie isn't funny. It also doesn't seem to be focused, the story is pathetic and the so-called rough humor the series is known to shock. Skip this lame installment and any future units as well. I don't know why I saw all the entries in the series, but for some unknown reasons it seems to me my way of getting my eyes.
