... that Jamie Foxx will ever deliver such a wonderful, Oscar-winning performance. One of the reasons I was so impressed with Foxx's performance in "Ray" was because he could watch his hammy, unpleasant in movies like "Aas" and "Booty Call", never thinking he would ever like the Oscar. If people told me five years ago that Jamie Foxx would win an Oscar one day, I'd be laughing right in their faces. Who knows? Perhaps he's better off sticking to drama, because if you look at "Bait," it is clear that comedy is not his fort. I swear, Jamie emphasized so much in this movie that I was surprised that his face hadn't fallen off. And why should he do those dumb voices at every chance he gets? Anyone who is familiar with comedians like Bob Newhart and Steven Wright knows that comedy doesn't have to be hard and unpleasant. If a joke is funny, it's funny. If it's not funny, it's not harder to do a crazy accent. The problem I have with some comedians who decide to try is that they have the privilege of laughing about character. In real life, normal people do not always have rude comebacks and quips. As Albert Brooks said in an interview discussing his character in "Taxi Driver", it is important to be funny than your character, rather than being funny as a comedian. An excellent example of Jamie's rule-breaking, is the fascinating horrible scene where she is being shot and starting with the photos as a model. If a regular person was thrown into jail, would he really be goofy while taking his jokes? And wouldn't the police try to blame him if he was? There are many scenes in the whole movie. Another horrible sequence is one where Jamie is unknowingly on the phone with the villain, and he starts with a bad Caribbean accent. Not funny! Not to mention Jamie, it never seems to recognize the timing of a joke. To give a comical performance requires patience, while going straight to the punch line, whether it's the right time or not. I'm not even a big Mike Epps fan, but even his performance is good compared to Jamie's. In fact, this is the first time I've solved a little while appearing on the screen. Epps have the same defects when it comes to comedy, but at least choose a lower key approach. One of the few highlights in a comedy is David Morse, a highly underrated actor, especially known for his supporting roles as villains. He looks as if he is the only actor in the film in question to actually ground it. Still, Mr. Green Mile star, Doug Hutchison, is disgusting over the top as the villain. A great surprise, as he played a beautiful show in "The Green Mile", also plays a heavy role. Antoine Fuqua proved his directing chops in movies such as "The Replacement Killers" and "Training Day." Even in "Ace," he points out that he can direct a hell of an action series. His only problem was to discipline Jamie Foxx, who had probably improvised half of the screenplay with one bad joke after another. Unless you're a tough fan of Foxx, please don't take the bait.
