I can't believe we watched this whole piece, but we did it and I felt compelled to warn others to avoid it at all costs. When one of the main characters announces that he is gay twice in the first five minutes, it should not be ignored as a typical PC nonsense, and it should get better because it won't. If his fagot boyfriend hangs all over him, don't make you sick, be thankful that the freak who wrote and / or directed this grossout somehow tried to do some self-control. I mean, really get it. It is one thing that a gay character in a movie appears in such screwed times as this, but quite another to continually slap it on the screen, and to be scrutinized carefully when the liner notes are clearly the flick It's supposed to be about a mother looking for some kind of closure on her daughter's sudden death. What has one thing to do with the other, one can be asked to ask? Apparently the two issues are inextricably interwoven. And if it's not bad enough, there's the bearded lady at the ice cream. I mean, seriously, has that poor woman never heard of electrolysis? Why should she go around like that? At the very least, how about the shaving of the ugly thing, and while you're on it, that horrible mole has also removed. Would you like some ice cream, she just served you? I do not think so. It must be a New Jersey thing. <br /> <br /> Diane Keaton can save this piece, but think again. Did she actually try to put lipstick on a body? I don't even want to think about it. So if the body is supposed to be from her own dead daughter. This grotesque excuse for the theater is out of the word, and that's all there is to it. One wishes that each of these characters will simply run into the waves and just keep going. None of these shaky people get our sympathy for a moment. Trust me - pass this piece of crap up. It's not about death, a mother who accidentally smothered her daughter, or even the other much more improper issues it holds, no matter how little you want to hear. It is a load of twisted trash from a deceived and talented director.
