The plot of this horrible movie is so complicated that I warn the spoiler, because I'm not sure I'm giving anything away. The audience first saw a man in Jack the Ripper clothes an old man in a lane a hundred years ago. Then we are to this day and a young Australian couple are looking for a home. We get an amazingly long tour of this house and the man sees a figure in an old mirror. Some 105-year-old woman lived there. There are also large iron panels that cover a wall in the deck. An old fashioned straight carrier falls out when they renovate and the man holds it. I think he gets owned by the razor because he starts with strange dreams. Oh, yes, the couple are not able to have a baby because the man is throwing away space. <br /> <br /> Some form seem to climb to the wall after the couple remove the iron panels and the shape is shaped like a person. Late in the story there is a story about a big closet of money and the man kills the guard and a co-worker and steals the money. His wife is suddenly pregnant. <br /> <br /> What is hell going on? Who knows?? Nothing is explained. Was the 105-year-old woman the child of the serial killer? The baby sister? Why were iron panels on the wall? How would it keep the serial killer in the basement? Was he terminated there by his family and died or just died? WHO is Mr. Hobbs and why is he so desperate to get the iron panels? He was never seen again. Why was the serial killer dead? We just saw one old man killed. Was there a pattern or motif or something? WHY does the woman suddenly become pregnant? Is this the demonic calf of the serial killer? Did he succeed in infiltrating the man's semen? And why, if the man could suppress and kill a big, courageous security guard, can't he overpower his wife? And just how powerful is the tension system in Australia that will knock him over the room and just cut a light wire? And why does the woman stay in the house? Is she in possession of the serial killer? Will the baby be reincarnated the killer? <br /> <br /> This movie was such a frustrating experience that I wanted to call my PBS station and ask for my money back! The only pleasant aspect of this story was that the man was running around in his boxing pants for a lot of time, but even that couldn't loosen the turbulent mess.
