German nut case Jörg Buttgereit apparently has supporters - but I don't know why, and I'm definitely not one of them! The only Buttgereit movie I've seen before was Nekromantik and I hated every minute, but shocking - this movie is worse! There Todesking is inexorable in the same way as Nekromantik, but it's a worse movie because it's boring in a way that few movies have ever passed (it's not far from the Blair Witch Project). Some say this movie is sick and shocking, but it really isn't. The director may have made a point about death, but only he knows what it is. How anyone can see this movie and be anything but bored is completely out of my mind. The film revolves around the theme of suicide and follows the death of seven different people over the course of a week. Yes, that means we have a senseless and boring episode on Monday, a senseless and boring episode for Tuesday, a senseless and boring Wednesday episode, and so on. Etc. This movie is even more boring than my average week! <br /> <br /> There Todesking is apparently an 'art' movie, although it seems to be a reference to the way that doesn't make much sense, rather than a reference to the movie which is an agreement with 'art' has. Each segment of the movie is meant to tell a separate story - but it doesn't! We just get a quick sketch of suicide, and it just makes you wonder what the point is. The film feels that it has to be deep, but there is a big big gap where intelligence should be and nothing to fill it. Butt style uses some voice-over images; but I will not remember it more than a week or so, because this movie is just not so memorable. There is a shot with a decomposing man's body that is fairly common, but it gets old, pretty fast, and all you have left is the rest of the movie, which is unhappy. If I were struggling to say good things about this shit, all I can think of is that; the title sounds cool. As I mentioned, Nekromantik is the only other movie I've seen from this amateur director; I have copies of Schramm and Nekromantik 2, and now I'm really in no hurry to look. There Todesking is a dull movie, and no one who calls it is very wrong. Give it a miss.
