To avoid confusion, let me explain a few points: I'm not a red neck. I'm not even a moderate or conservative. On the contrary, I'm a radical: a Libertarian. I'm not a WASP either, I'm not even born in the states. <br /> <br /> Jorge Luis Borges said there are some people who do not feel poetry and that these sad people usually deserve their living educational poems. This movie is made by and for people who do not feel poetry, at and for performances; and I dare say, for and for people who have no sense of decency, or for the respect of other people's lives or death (especially when the victims are presumably murdered mostly "bloody imperialists" in Yankee territory.) I have even find the original marketing idea of ​​the eleven episodes of eleven minutes, nine seconds and one frame as particularly horrible and repulsive. Not terrible. Why didn't they award a budget of so many dollars per episode, as individuals were brutally murdered in the attack? The whole idea rests somewhere between mere stupidity and reckless fascism. Anyone who is serious about filmmaking (and serious about life and death) must have willingly refused to participate in this remembrance of innuendoes and non-successors. With two exceptions: the episode of Burkina Faso - almost amusing - and one from India - documenting the story of a man who is unfairly and wrongly investigated in connection with the attack, on the grounds that he doesn't back and that he was an American Muslim (and the truth is, when the facts were known, he was honored as a hero). All other nine episodes, in essence and extremely boring and emotional, can be listed in two different categories. <br /> <br /> First, "I don't care for the thousands of victims: Americans, foreigners, kids, adults, old-timers ..." and can be resumed in pure boredom and lack of emotion. Iran); Lelouch's (France) ?? I am afraid I will commit a doctrine because it is Lelouch's, but his episode may be considered, built on an idea that can be considered almost original. Tanovic's (Bosnia Hersegowina) ; Gonzalez Inarritu's (Mexico); Gitais (Israel); Penn's (USA) <br /> Second: "The bloody Yankees deserve it. And can be resumed in frustration and hatred. Chahine (Egypt) justifies suicide bombings Loach (UK) believes the 9/11 reckless attacks were a kind of punishment for alleged US support for the Chilean dictatorship led by Augusto Pinochet, indeed, someone must inform Mr Loach that the victims of Pinochet are unrelated to Al-Qaeda and that Chile is a South American country that exists exclusively Bin Laden had to ignore. He also needs to be informed that US government was harder to sanction the Chilean dictatorship than any other party. And, Imamura (Japan) points out that World War II is related to the attack on the WTC. Imamura is at least coherent in this: the supposed cause effect linking is completely stupid, playing well with his episode, including a man who believes he is a snake. It seems as if it is unclear. Instead, it's pretty ridiculous. <br /> <br /> There is a kind of error shared by many, including some Americans, and it is the belief that this movie is not commercially selected in the states of censorship. Nothing further from the truth: This movie is not sifted in the states because it is a complete fiasco. A fiasco of the funniest kind. Even in Buenos Aires, where Peronism and other forms of fascism are closest and dearest in the hearts of a considerable number of residents, and anti-Americanism is vogue, the film was put in living rooms and quickly turned to the theaters. by a very select public: The ordinary sad couple who regularly lend their applause to other equally 'beautiful' spectacles. Like the eyes of a McDonald's fast food restaurant or, perchance, an elderly Jew, burned to ashes.
