Singleton has some serious problems that he has to deal with. I get the feeling that he thinks he's pretty smart; However, this film is almost comically transparent and self-justified. In addition, there are a lot of "power-make-right" messages like when our local Nazi works are defeated. I mean, who's going to root for a lot of Nazi jerks in their right mind? However, his way of singling out is that the "fight" is stupid and seems to be designed to show us more the superior fighting qualities of the black protagonists than anything else. There is another bad guy (in fact, a drunk boy) who raped one of the film's lead actors. In this case, I think Singleton really does a good job showing that it is probably an all too common situation when the woman in question asks the frat boy to use a condom and he does not have one or does not want one not used. In any case, he does not accept her claims that he will stop and he continues to have intercourse despite her pleas. I think this type of rape is too much, and in fact many uniform people refuse to accept the fact that it is even rape. Well, no, no, this is a rape, which is likely to happen in universities across the country. <br /> <br /> After the rape was established, how about Singleton? When the frat boy tried to call the woman, her roommate refused to put the victim on the phone, and the frat boy called the roommate a "black bitch." The forbidden roommate calls on a board from Ice Cube, et al, who then continues to humiliate and abuse the frat boy in repeated and prolonged "excuses" for roommate for his racist remarks; but the (apparently in Singleton's mind) less rape crime is not mentioned. Again, no one should really feel sorry for the frat boy; However, Singleton seems to send a dual message that a racist remark is a greater offense than rape, and anyway, violence is justified by jerks. <br /> <br /> What is so disappointing in the end is that this movie can really matter about something, but Singleton, while undoubtedly a talented director, doesn't have the maturity or depth of anything of this magnitude to draw.
