The Blob starts with one of the most bizarre theme songs ever, sung by an unknown Burt Bacharach of all people! You really have to believe it. The Blob might just be worth watching for this song. My summary of the user comments is just a bit of classic lyrics. After this annoying opening credit series The Blob introduces us, the viewer for Steve Andrews (Steve McQueen and Steven McQueen) and his girlfriend Jane Martin (Aneta Corsaut) who are parked somewhere on their own and evidence that looks like a meteorite nearby forest to the earth. An old man (Olin Howland as Olin Howlin) who stays in a cabin also sees it and is going to investigate, he finds a crater and a strange soccer-like rock that opens when he ceases to stick with a stick. To lie in the middle of the meteorite is a strange jelly like dust sticking to the stick, if you know what I mean! It then slips up the stick and attaches itself to the old man's hand. Meanwhile, Steve and Jane are quietly relieving their own business when the old man runs out of Steve's car. Steve is a decent friend, decide to take the old man to dr. T. Hallan (Alden 'Stephen' Chase as Steven Chase) at the local operation. Dr Hallan says he doesn't know what the dust is on the old man's hand, but it gets bigger and asks Steve to go back where he found him and see if he can find out what happened. Steve agrees but does not notice anything and on his return to dr. Hallan's operation, he sees the blob that swallows him. Town police, Lieutenant Dave (Earl Rowe) and teenage hate Sergeant Jim Bert (John Benson) do not believe a word of it and suspect Steve and his friends Al (Anthony Franke), Tony (Robert Fields) & someone called 'Mooch' Miller (James Bonnet) to play an elaborate joke at the police department. But as the blob is still eating, it's through town. Steve proposes to prove his existence and convinces the police about the threat it not only has for their town but the whole world! <br /> <br /> Irvin S Yeaworth Jr. And an unknown Russell S. Doughton Jr. I was disappointed about this, the original 1958 version of The Blob. Kay Linaker's script as Kate Phillips & Theodore Simonson is an absolute drill and extremely boring does not make the best of its strongest aspects. The Blob focuses on the tiring drama and conflict between the teenagers and the police. Most of The Blob is spent on Steve to convince the police's existence. For most of the movies, the blob looks almost unobtrusive and somewhat forgotten. It only has two or three scenes for the fist time and a bit to the smaller than exciting climax when the adults and teenagers work together to defeat the blob and then get a new appreciation from each other, yuck! Why can't the blob just eat the lot? No explanation is given for what the blob is, or it's other origin than it comes from space, how long did it take them to get there? The dialogue is also clumsy and stupid, such as people's actions and decision-making. I like the part when a nurse named Kate (Lee Paton as Lee Payton, someone uses their real name in this thing?) Is confronted by the blob, she throws a little sour about it and announces calm "doctor, nothing will it doesn't stop! ", how does she know nothing will stop it? There is no blood or violence, so don't worry. The special effects on the blob itself are not bad, but it hardly has a screen time and is moving very slowly, as the film generally does. The play is horrible, McQueen is supposed to be a teenager when he was actually 28 years old and it seems he is old enough to be his own father! The same thing applies to most of the other 'teen' members and everyone is generally wood and unconvincing in their roles. Technical The Blob is very basic, dark static photography, dull direction and forgettable production values. The Blob is one of those movies that probably looks good on paper and is known as a 'classic' but is actually a great disappointment when it is finally seen. This is a case when the remake The Blob (1988) is definitely better than the original. The original Blob is slow and boring and the remake is not, the original Blob does not contain blood or gore and the remake does, the original Blob does incredibly poor and decisive decisions and remakes and the original Blob itself gets very small screen time only eats three or four people throughout the film and the remake functions the blob all the way through and it almost eats a whole town. The choice is an easy one, the remake every time, because it is a better movie in every respect. I will give the movie two stars and give that wonderful main theme song one on its own. Definitely not the classic lot to make out.
