It's nothing more than a strange coincidence that I decided to see STARLIFT on the 59th anniversary of the day in June 1950 when President Truman ordered US troops in the Korean War. STARLIFT, you see, is based mainly in the Airline base in California in the years when it was used as a mailing list because soldiers are being sent out to fight in Korea. But you have to do your own research to know it, because not even in the movie is called 'Korea'. We see transport planes that lead out fresh troops and return with wounded soldiers, but there is no mention of where these men will fight or be injured. What's kind of strange to a movie designed to make the flag wave and greet America's men in uniform. STARLIFT was released by Warner Brothers in December 1951. STARLIFT is a very obvious attempt to make the success of the studio's Hollywood menu with "This 1944 crowd said the story of two soldiers had given their last three nights leave at the famous nightclub in LA and hoping for" get an appointment with Joan Leslie. But really, it was just an excuse for Warners to contract every star, from Joan Crawford, John Garfield, and Barbara Stanwyck to Peter Lorre, Bette Davis, Sydney Greenstreet and more. STARLIFT has two Air Force soldiers hoping to meet the fictitious star Nell Wayne (a masked Janice Rule) and convince a host of Warner Bros stars to host a show for departing troops. But instead of Crawford, Garfield and all the best that Warner's brothers could scramble in 1951, Doris Day, Ruth Roman, Gordon MacRae, Virginia Mayo, Gene Nelson and Phil Harris with flashy appearances were by James Cagney, Randolph Scott, and " a clear embarrassment to Gary Cooper. This grippable casting, whose combined strength would struggle to light a standard lamp, is perfectly matched with the crummy production values. Presumably in an effort to save money, several long scenes have been shot with really very bad back projection. How bad is that? You can see the screen coming to the floor of the soundtrack! Describing STARLIFT as a sloppy, lazy and third-film movie is a disservice to movies that are sloppy, lazy and third. It's just terrible. Avoid it.
