Who a boy. <br /> <br /> Do you ever want to watch a documentary about a megalomaniac jerk that destroys his own life and alienates everyone around him? Well, they exist, in many forms. But do you ever want to watch the documentary about someone who has not finally succeeded in doing anything, despite everyone's praise for how much of an artistic "genius" he is? Well, you can probably just grab a camera and find someone in a local scene (I know they are everywhere and I don't even follow the local scene), or you can save money by spending money on this look. love. <br /> <br /> The point of departure is good and honestly it is not as if the filmmakers know exactly where it is going, as it is one of the difficulties in making a documentary. We are made to follow two groups, The Brian Jamestown Massacre, led by Anton, and The Dandy Warhols, led by Courtney. I heard of The Dandy Warhols before watching this movie ... not the Brian Jamestown massacre. Why? Well from this documentary perspective, because the Brian Jamestown massacre's intergroup deviation refused to really make it into the music industry. Instead of getting an analysis of the two separate ties and how one could succeed, the focus is much more on Anton and his madness. Because Anton sees a genius. "Because he plays rock music. He really understands the evolution of music ... because he plays rock music with many different instruments. His music is considered" postmodern retro but the future "... because it is rock music. bring out a "revolution" through rock music. Okay, let's see it ... twenty minutes in and that is one of the dumbest kids I want to watch a documentary. <br /> <br / > The documentary itself does not really lend itself to any of Anton's talent, because in the nature of processing 2,000 hours of material in a quarter short of two hours, we do not really have the time to focus on it. look at Anton, "the genius", the socio-maniacal loser, get up for the two hours and are just told that he made very good music, whether he did it or not, I will not know not because the documentary was not enough to prove it, but what I do know is that we have a self-centered story. The tiny check calls around the country and calls himself a God of music and does nothing to make it back. Why even bother? People like Anton do not deserve the attention they seek, the hope and admiration of all the different people, and especially the after-failure that loses the potential. This movie, for a reason like a two hour rough track VH1 special, plays on and about the music, but it's all about the image and the attention. Look at the man, watch him dress, watch him act, see how he is trying to create controversy because he can't afford marketing. <br /> <br /> Honest is the only interesting character in this movie. Joel, and that's because of anyone in this documentary, is Joel the only person who looks like it's fun. Maybe it's because he's the tambourine man. The rest of them are all rock stars! They deserve our attention, and admiration, and interest and commitment! They are out there to save "rock and roll." Do you remember when The White Stripes was supposed to save rock and roll? Yes, it was because of Anton, and it is "selfish of them not to call my (Anton) as inspiration." What a charge. People like Anton are best forgotten. This documentary explains why mainstream music is so boring - because music outreaches need to care about people like Anton, and ultimately they can just throw their support behind someone safe and passionate. Thank you, Anton. Your antics have destroyed music for everyone you touched, regardless of the opinion of the contrary. And if Anton does not agree "in the knowledge" and he was really a genius, it still seems how bad this documentary is that it cuts it so. <br /> <br /> - PolarisDiB
