I went with this high expectation in this movie. Usually I'm not too picky about my movies and movies are always * nice to watch, or so I thought. I'll list the good parts of this movie: -The creature effects. All the creatures were well done, their movements were realistic and they fit the other images. To be honest, the creature effects were the only reason I gave this movie a 2 rather than a 1. Now, the bad things: -The acting. Good Lord, I saw bad acting, but this movie takes the cake. None of the characters are even * close * to credible. It's as if the director has sent out a decisive call and selected all the worst tests. I tried very hard not to giggle too much, because I didn't want to upset anyone else in the theater, but the acting was really bitter. The storyline: The whole story is full of plot holes from start to finish. You can select at least 5 plot holes from any given 30 minute movie. The plot holes are of course complementary to the cheese. It is probably one of the most cleaved, not thought-out, and actually stupidest stories I've ever seen on the screen, because I had the big accident of sitting one night and parasitizing on the sci-fi channel to watch. -The Dialogue: It's a world where everyone can say the boyfriend and the most clustered thing they possibly can, every time they can. In this world, it looks as if every line has been played in at least 30 other low-budget creations. This is the world of cheese and cliché. The special effects. While the creatures were straightforward, the special effects failed unhappily. Yes, they are better than those seen in other movies, but many are in the presentation. And this movie has no offer whatsoever. It looks similar to the special effects used on the Power Rangers television program to be honest. To Summarize: Dragon Wars is not worth your time and money. The concept is good, but it is trapped in the bad direction, acting, dialogue and cheese of the film. Wait until the next big monster movie comes out. It should be better than that, because Dragon Wars is absolutely horrible.
