THE KINGDOM will undoubtedly be a success in Thailand where the similar (but better) 'The Legend of Suriyothai' office records have been recorded. The film directed by Lek Kitaparaporn for a screenplay by Sean Casey based on the historical fact in 1547 Siam, has amazingly beautiful visual elements, but is disarmed by one of the corniest, pedestrian scripts and movie storytelling. <br /> <br /> The picture's event is the arrival of the Portuguese soldier of prosperity Fernando de Gamma (Gary Stretch) whose revenge for the father's killer dropped him, caught and thrown into bondage and establish the block in Ayutthaya in the kingdom of Siam He is purchased by the beautiful Mary (Cindy Burbridge) with the permission of her father Phillipe (John Rhys-Davies), a man with a name and a past revealed as the story progresses. There is a plot to overthrow King and Fernando and his new Siamese sidekick Tong (Dom Hetrakul). After some free CGI-enhanced choreographic martial arts, the king is first rewarded to become his bodyguards, revealing once only Queen Sudachan (Yoe Hassadeevichit) her plot to kill the king and son for her lover, Lord Chakkraphat (Oliver Pupart), to allow Siam's rule to be taken over. But of course, Fernando and Tong escape and are condemned to fight each other to save the lives of their families (Tong's wife and children and Fernando's close affair with Mary) with the expected consequences. <br /> <br /> The play (with the exception of John Rhys-Davies) is so poor that the movie sometimes looks like it was camp. The predominantly Thai struggle with the poorly written dialogue, which we wish they had used their native Thai with subtitles. Ian Livingstone's musical score sounds like it is being excavated from old TV soaps. But if it is visual, then there is a lot of it and it alone makes the movie worth watching. It is a film that has a clear high financial support for all the special effects and masses of throws and sets and shows its good intentions. These are just the basics that are missing. Grady Harp
