As with most of the judges, I saw it on Starz! On demand. After I watched the preview with my girlfriend, she decided not to look at how badly the preview looked. On the other hand, I thought it seemed odd enough to justify a glimpse. I mean, the design of dr. Meso alone justifies a short whip on this title. Having looked at it, I can say while there are interesting aspects (namely browsing the notebooks and trying to figure out the incomprehensible story), it is best to pass this. <br /> <br /> * Great Spoilers Prior * After making their first video for their as-unfinished CD, the lead singer Cassidy kills herself in an effort to show her boyfriend Neil. 3 months later, the group tries to decide whether to complete the album or not. To see what Cassidy wanted, they went to an old psychic friend of her, dr. Meso, see and try to contact her through him. In his card reading dr. Meso four straight death cards for the four remaining band members. Bad times are ahead. (I just wanted to make a point that later explained in the film that the Death Card really only represents change. Kudos at least.) Even without the approval of their deceased, they decide to continue and complete the album. But in the bathroom Cassidy's best friend, Dora, gets a look at her late friend. When another bandmate arrives to look at her, Dora stands in the dark and asks for sunglasses. This is when the murder begins. <br /> <br /> My biggest problem with the movie from the beginning is that it is heavily styled to an error. Too much warping effects, unnecessary zooming, and an abundance of other inexpensive effects mystery this movie. An incoherent storyline also doesn't help. As the story coincides with the first part, as soon as Cassidy is resurrected, everything falls apart. We jumped between Cassidy and Dr. Meso (who could secretly enter a closed building), showing that they are somehow connected. But within minutes of the revelation, we find Cassidy truly an independent being of Meso. She then turns to the man who helped her revenge and he shouts away in a way that Jack Nicholson and The Joker keep in mind. But not in a good way. <br /> <br /> From this point, Cassidy's residence is shown, but strange decaying, as character moves from place to place almost out of order. One scene we see Cassidy standing at a desk, when a character enters the next, she is nowhere to be found. As he moves behind the desk, we see her at the end of a walk. Then in another room grab the keys (which Neil already has), then back. Not to mention it from one moment to the next, it seems that Cassidy's mood is a complete 180 without its catalyst. One moment she wants to kill everyone (although she has only injured 90% of the characters) - the following is his excuse for everyone and goes out again to die again. Sounds confusing? That's because it is. It's a mess that I'm sure the author couldn't even find out. <br /> <br /> Most of the performances are wood. However, some are interesting, but overall it is not a piece that will be known because it is acting. The story is the driving force behind this piece.
