I hope the viewer who sees 'Dream Machine' as one of Corey Haim's best and "best movies of the century" was joke. Unsolicited sarcasm from my side? I hope so. <br /> <br /> 'The Dream Machine' is the first of a long line of mediocre hijackers who will plague the rest of Corey Haim's career (except 'Rollerboys' prayer which was surprisingly decent). Here, Haim plays nonchalant college boy, Bernie, who assumes a cool car will draw his dream girl's attention. Luckily for Bernie, a rich woman looking back at her fake man, she decides on her happy piano tuner - Bernie - with a gift: a smooth Porsche Turbo. Unknown to the woman, and unfortunately to Bernie, is that her dead husband was killed and his body hidden in the suitcase. Now, because it looks like this movie, bodies don't seem to fall or possess, but Bernie doesn't know it. In fact, the unconscious boy has no idea that something is suspicious, despite several strange circumstances that arise. In particular, a grizzly man follows him around desperately to keep that body relatively unnoticed. <br /> <br /> This is a low-grade action fizzle, as many of Haim's movies are like this (see The Double O Kid). Despite participating in a part-action, sharing romantic comedy, this movie does not offer the viewer much interest for at least the first forty-five minutes in which the filmmakers take more than enough time to show the immediate problem ( that is, Bernie is in possession of a car and a dead body, and a hit that finds out that the Porsche will find it hard to find. Then, and thanks to the poor who acted by Haim (I also loved this child, but it is not exactly sacred to admit the times when he obviously could not do well) and the lack of real immediacy and distress between Bernie and the villain who makes many of the events unconvincing and consequently priceless. To encourage injuries, the soundtrack was incredibly laughable and sounded more like self-evident songs you would hear in Team America (see the date montage). However, Loyal Corey Haim fans shouldn't be disappointed to see their son in abundance. Other people who understand that Haim's career probably peaked when he was 14 or 15 and never recovered, might expect mediocrity, and viewers just look at the 90-year-old b-comedy fluff to watch the time. pass.
