Michael Caine has always claimed Ashanti was "the only movie (he has purely for the money"), as well as "the worst movie he ever died in". Keep up, Michael, weren't you in The Swarm and Hurry Sundown? And were both those movies not much better than Ashanti? Perhaps Caine just remembered to begrudgingly the physically punished claims of filming an action film in searing 130 degrees Fahrenheit temperatures (the director, Richard Fleischer, was recorded due to sun stroke during the shooting). What Ashanti actually comes up with is not the lower point of Michael Caine. Instead, it's a very average chase thriller with a talented cast, exotic locations, boring stretches and a highly-formulated storyline. <br /> <br /> Dr. David Linderby (Caine) is a W.H.O doctor who is devastated when his black woman Anansa (Beverly Johnson) is missing during an aid trip to an African tribal village. Linderby gradually realizes that his wife has been sacked by slave traders - led by Suleiman (Peter Ustinov) - and he goes down on a continent-wide quest that eventually leads to the Middle East. <br /> <br /> Along the way, big stars jump in for inefficient and redundant guest roles. William Holden has a poor cameo as a helicopter pilot; Omar Sharif shows little of his usual charm or grace as a perverted Arab millionaire; Rex Harrison really looks bored during his brief role as a useful contact that helps Caine in his quest. The film is based on a bestseller, titled Ebano, by well-known author Alberto Vasquez-Figueroa, but the tension that made the book so popular is largely absent from this adaptation. Ustinov is charismatic as the slave (he does not seem to be able to perform bad acts in all his films), and Caine generates credible fear as the man who thinks he will never see his wife again. There are occasional flashes of action, but Ashanti is generally quite slow. All in all, it is a resistant piece of action hokum - not by any stretch, as Caine has often suggested, but not a very inspiring film and certainly a deviation from all that talent.
