So I rented it from Netflix because someone gave me my Roger Ebert's book: "I Hated, Hated, Hated This Movie" and he gave this one a rare zero star rating in the book and at the end of his original review said: "Mad Dog Time needs to be cut off to provide free ukulele pick up for the poor". So I spoke from Ebert and said I would see if it really was as bad as he said. I know most society says not to listen to critics and judge for yourself, but I couldn't express how much I hated this piece of mess like Ebert and never since Ebert's review of Rob Reiner's "North" where he said he hated the movie ten. times I've ever heard such a brilliant hate movie review. Here we have Richard Dreyfuss as a gangster I don't think it would be terrible to see Dreyfuss as a gunman if the script for this movie is well written. But above all other things that were terrible about this "movie", I can definitely tell you the writing is not well written. While the movie starts with Jeff Goldblum, saying he enjoys Dreyfuss's girlfriend while Dreyfuss was in a criminal hospital, the movie started with a decent dialogue after opening credits. But after the first 4 or 5 minutes, the other 85 minutes consisted only of stupid characters talking for 30 seconds of talkless rubbish, and then someone was shot. Then there are a lot of jokes about how Dreyfuss is mentally ill. Haha. Not funny. Then we get an unpleasant and careless scene sung by Frank Sinatra's "My Way" by Gabriel Byrne, who allegedly insults Dreyfuss. Of course, because the script is written at the level of a sixth-degree Dreyfuss, Byrne shoots more than five times and Byrne just won't die. Are we as the audience supposed to even care or find it somewhat funny? I can surely tell you that I don't care or find what is funny. Not only am I disappointed in Dreyfuss (who I greatly admire as an actor) for the production and performance this time around, but I am also very disappointed in Jeff Goldblum because it released the same year that "Independence Day" is the top-producing film of the year and finally one of the most successful films in history. Did Goldblum feel that "Independence Day" would be a flop and then only make the next role he was offered to earn money when "Independence Day" was a bomb? What made an Oscar winner and the star of two of the biggest money films made in history entertaining? The opening order of "Mad Dog Time" says the movie is set on another planet. I just wish I knew 93 minutes that it was in the theater and would be opened in the theater on the planet where it was supposed to happen. So everyone on this planet will never come from this ridiculous 93-minute waste of mine. life that I will never return. Ebert says the movie should be cut is not good enough, I'm afraid. Every copy of the "Mad Dog Time" must be thrown over and ignited by petrol. I have chosen another worst movie I've ever seen because it won the honor as the worst movie ever.
