What an insult to Olivia D'Abo who plays the movie's heroine, Robin, to make Keanu Reeves appear, looks so big on the movie's boxing (and at least on recent issues, just to show Reeves on the box) ), considering that she was the star. I realize it's his name that will eventually sell this long-forgotten aftercare specialist, but at least give the woman some credit. <br /> <br /> In spite of this, it must be one of the worst teen sports themed movies I've ever seen. It strives very hard to not only every teen and sports movie clique of the class war between the feuding gymnasts after the teen romance. And with the effort to somehow deliver himself as an amateur alternative to Flashdance (with the music in one of the warehouses, dance screens are rather close to Michael Sembello's notable 'Maniac' announced by Flashdance or was the other way around?). It includes similar dance series and worse yet, even the 80's dance and sports traditions of corny dance-offs between the heroine and her antagonist (s), the one who doubted her successes and abilities in the team. We saw it in Trashin '(a treadmill) and Rad (BMX who played at the prom, but it wasn't much for competition, but rather for fun). In fact, this movie is full of unrealistic fever, such as the somewhat homo-erotic role in clothing at the Rescue Army with Robin and her friend of the team. <br /> <br /> However, the film is about a young girl coming from a reasonably poor background. To solve this in a massive need to get as much sympathy from the audiences as possible, she lives with her sick mother, her audacious sister, and her careless stepfather. Needless to say, homelife is not so attractive. Add together, a talent for gymnastics, but several obstacles to joining the team (including the nuisance of her arrogant, clever team-mates, and a coach who also doubted her ability to finally doubt). And of course we can't forget that his eyes are for one of the nice boy kittens who are one of the trivial teammates, or that she doesn't have a steady boyfriend (although Keanu as Tommy later comes in the picture). Can this child be more pathetic? And it seems like a mess to another is coming to give herself in her painfully long, excess and cliché quest to prove her worth to everyone. <br /> <br /> But even the most important moments of chastity that comes out of the movie are hardly worth remembering as the biggest distraction of this movie is the terrible play and dialogue. (I like the gym coach suddenly appearing in the middle of the dance section at night to shoot the teammates). It makes episodes of "Amazing Stories" like Shakespeare. <br /> <br /> I imagine someone who can track this movie and see it is probably mostly due to the nostalgic factor today. For that you can be satisfied, but it is also an incredibly forced drama. So, Caveat Emptour.
