After watching this movie, I left two annoyances about this movie: why did they make Chen's character make this McGuyver hit and Lee's character such an incompetent idiot? Chen's character's background is that he was educated in an underground Cambodian orphanage for bloodthirsty warriors, where they learn to stick out like wild "dogs". This detail is pushed up early in a scene where he comes in a taxi and when he starts driving, he shows how he does not know with a seat belt. Shortly after this scene, he has a similar situation at a dim sum restaurant. Not only is he uncomfortable, he's hungry. It is not a reference to Chen's oblique body, but to the two early scenes in the film where he scrapes food, one of which is the rice porridge from the bottom deck of an old ship. In the first ten minutes of the film, it has been determined that Chen is malnutrition, impossible, and has something for him, his "dog" fighting style of some kind. In spite of this, Chen manages to shoot every policeman (even ricochet a metal pipe bullet to hit a man in a head that Chen's girlfriend holds hostage) and somehow " a superhuman power has reached lb block of concrete, plastered at the end of a metal pipe, head of the police chief. He was shot in the chest, said the chief. <br /> <br /> Now Lee's character ... okay, I get it, he's depressed, he has a little luggage, but wow, can he do anything right? At one moment they were trying to cool, compile and ready to take care of him, and the next moment he just hit it again. In the first scene he runs in Chen, and he manages to miss him, about 15 feet, several times. Towards the end of the scene, Lee looks at Chen as his good friend and colleague is slowly stabbed with a long knife for a good full 5 seconds while he is holding a gun in the face of Chen at a distance. Hold 10 feet. Even at the end of the movie, Lee manages to be stabbed to death and fail again. <br /> <br /> And my biggest problem with this movie is that it is being presented in a way that filmmakers try to get the audience to sympathize with Chen's character and that he "just kills to survive." It would be much easier if I didn't just look to Chen to kill innocent people through the horrible movie. Of the many people he killed, only two people were planning to kill him, the police chief and Lee. Others were just people who eat, boat owners, taxi drivers and policemen trying to arrest him, not kill. Overall, Chen's character is a cold-blooded killer who kills what he wants, even if it's just a free ride. (Did I mention that he carries a few hundred dollar bills through most of the movies?) My 3 stars go to some interesting director / camera work that is in some nice shots. <br /> <br /> Bottomline: One made for note-hug Chen fans. For me, "Dog Bite This DVD"
