By my "Kool-Aid drinkers" remark, I mean it's so devoted fans of the man Pavarotti that they make no effort to objectively judge this film. To give it a 10, Wally Cox is the award for Mr. Universe or a velvet Elvis painting in the Louvre! When this film started debating, I remember the cruel reviews with the headlines like "No, Giorgio" and some said it was one of the worst movies ever made. It is definitely exaggerated too. While it was bad and far from a great work of art, there was plenty to keep on the film and the movie's biggest shortage was not the scene of Pavarotti or its perimeter. <br /> <br /> Believe it or not, the browns of the blame are just on the shoulders' shoulders (which, I think, were chimpanzees). It's hard to see a movie with such cliché dialogue or goofy scenes like the fight, but even they're not the heart of the problem. The problem is that the authors intend the audience to care for a "romance" consisting of a horny married man and a seemingly desperate woman. Perhaps the European audiences will be forgiven for that, but in the United States in 1982 or today, such a romance looks messy and selfish - especially when Pavarotti tells us that Harrold loves his wife and "it's just fun". Wow, talk about romantic dialogue !! Unfortunately, if they just changed the script a bit and Pavarotti made a widow, or maybe his wife like the wife of some classic Hollywood movies, such as ALL THIS AND SKY, OR OR THE SUSPECT (where the woman was so dirty and unlikely to forgive or even kill the man. Instead, she is the loving mother of two children who are patiently at home waiting at home while her egoistic love of men hits right and left - as Pavarotti admits he had many affairs before meeting Harrold. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, even the beautiful music of Pavarotti could not save this movie. By the end of the film there are some amazing scenes in New York where the set is just incredible and Pavarotti's song is transcendent. That's why I think the movie deserves at least three. I wanted the movie more, but it was a very bad movie - but not quite as rude as you might have heard. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, from what I have read, this movie may be a case of art that mimics life, since Pavarotti's own life later had parallels to this movie, although not exactly the forum. to discuss it in detail.
