I didn't hear from this movie until I read an article about it on the Unknown Film site, which made me curious. As a cartoonist and illustrator myself, I am an admirer of Richard Williams' work. I rate Ziggy's Gift as one of the best Christmas presentations of all time, and while Who Framed Roger Rabbit stopped being one of my favorite movies when I was past Sixteen, I still have the highest respect for the amount of work, care and attention to detail that came into the creation of the footage - but the man seems to have his mistakes, especially a tendency to go over the budget and schedule. And this movie is a proof of how far wrong even a super talented individual like Williams can go, given the right circumstances. <br /> <br /> Raggedy Ann and Andy are a strange pastry that tries to be strange and experimental and out of the wall within the boundaries of a children's movie. It also tries to be a musical. It also tries to be a thousand and another thing - is it a freakout? Is this a breaker? Is this an attempt at innocence of child imagination? - until it finally collapses under its own unlimited ambitions and aspirations. It is beautifully animated, mostly, though the bare backgrounds could have used a little more attention, but even that doesn't count too much if you're confronted with the hallucinogenic absurdity that many of the "action" here make up. br /> <br /> There are a number of issues with the movie, but let's start with Raggedy Ann and Andy himself. They are the stars of the show, but they have no personalities. In fact we get the message that Andy is a tough man ("I'm not a girl's toy," he sings) and Ann has a unique perspective on things because her owner, a little girl named Marcella, upside down Wearing, but that's all we get to find out about these dull mud characters, because the overwhelming strangeness of this movie doesn't kick off long afterwards. I use the word "strangeness" advisable, because some strange movies can be very entertaining, but it's just plain odd. The toys and dolls in the playroom are supposed to be cute and loving, but they are actually bizarre and disturbing. The two puppets that synchronize and say everything are an excellent example of this. But even they are relatively normal compared to the constantly sneezing pirate captain, whose mustache is upright and whose groin visibly swells when he first sees a glamorous French doll. Yes, it's supposed to be a children's movie! Then there's the music. None of them is memorable, and everyone is sung by actors who can't sing. And to offend the injury, there is a lot of singing in this movie. When Ann and Andy finally make it out of the playroom, the first thing they do is sing a LONG number in the bush about how scared they are, how they will have each other and ... yes, we get the message. It seems to be going on forever, but it brings back some normality to the movie. But not long, because the Camel with the curled knees leads us into a bizarre world where everything looks like it is made of a worn and faded denim, and - bad enough that it is clearly a paranoid schizophrenic - he also begins hallucineer. But this is nothing compared to the screens that follow. The Greedy, a life, breathing. belching, fleeing, constantly eating taffy pool, is so trippy, creepy and ultimately disturbing, you'll hardly believe what you see - it's so close to a drug-free psychedelic experience I've ever seen on film. Then comes the psychic Sir Leonard Looney and his master, King KooKoo, after a l-o-n-g time spent by the Greedy. The throne looks like a urinal. I can't believe I'm actually writing a capsule description of a real movie here. I just had to rub my eyes and remind me that I'm not writing about an overwhelming nightmare. Part of the order in Looney Land looks like one of the old Winsor McCay / Little Nemo cartoons, for no other reason than anyone who likes to do so, probably. It would be good if there was some sort of rhyme or reason, but there was not. These scenes are just strange, and very, very long. Surrealism works only when there is a strong idea behind it, or occurs at a degree of reality. But nothing in these scenes indicates any kind of reality. Take this element away and you stay with pure self-sufficiency. <br /> <br /> As the final scenes unravel, the animation looks even less impressive (the pirate boat, ridiculously detailed, bumping over the water in a way that suggests some of the cells disappear into the production and there is an end to the end that just indicates that money has run out. Even on a mere 86 minutes, the movie feels like a never-ending trial, and it is understandable why it falls on its original release. Animation buffs will probably scratch their heads and just wonder how Williams managed to make this one so spectacular, but he did, and there is nothing anyone can do about it.
