SMALL GRAVES begin with a tribute or a rounding off of the PSYCHO landfill. (I lean down to rip off.) Then it gets worse and then gets surprisingly better, almost to the point of being original. Bad acting and amateur director is a pretty interesting little story, but the movie has already exceeded much in the "Yankee coming south to be killed by a bunch of Rednecks genre because it's actually shot in the south." A group of college girls go to Ft. Lauderdale for summer holidays and are pulled in a flat tire in Georgia after leaving the highway. (Note to the Yankees: Stay on the highway if you go to Florida is going. ) to death. (Note to Yankees: do not deviate in the forest when it is in the south, not because you might see a murder, but you may run over a marijuana plantation.) This is the point where the story, not the movie, actually comes close to being good. <br /> <br /> While Tony March never has his Oscar toes Practicing practice, his Sheriff Dean becomes a terrible facsimile of an ordinary man who has been done through his work and what to do. Tom Law is similar to Deputy Scott and is just as a southern deputy as I have seen since Walton Goggins (Deputy Steve Naish) in 1000 SHORES HOUSE. <br /> <br /> A few scenes in the movie are worth it. call. The girls stop at a braai in South Carolina and show their racism when a big black man watches them. Sue Ellen walks in a shed to hide behind some hay bales and in a shockingly realistic moment, a big snake with her in the hay is gone. In the strangest scene, Sheriff Dean, as he goes, rapes Patty (Carol Cadby) and tells her to take off her clothes. Dean turned the radio to drown the noise of what he was going to do. The preacher on the radio must go back and read his Bible. His sermon is about how Jezebel is saved by the blood of Jesus Christ. I feel sorry for this pastor's herd. Jezebel was a few thousand years in the Old Testament before Christ was born and in no way is she one of the five people you will meet in Heaven.
