Another of the most misunderstood Goddesses of my country was turned by Westerners who cannot understand the esoteric symbolism of the Mother Goddess in her dark forms. The Mother takes on the frightening form of Kali Mata to destroy our inner demons and to frighten our egos. And while blood offering is given to Kali and Durga, the events depicted in this film are just absurd. The Mother takes on an angry form to be furious with our inner demons, limitations and ego when no other form suffices. It is also in her devastating form that she burns all your Karmas in the "Smashan" fires that you cultivate in your heart so that she can dance if you love her, and she will bring you to reality and truth. Reality and truth have a dark side as well as light, which serves a purpose. The Mother is also the embodiment of the physical universe, she is nature. Nature can be cruel and destructive to maintain balance. You cannot have life and growth without death and destruction. Kali represents the power of destruction for the purpose of new growth and life, both commonplace and spiritual in the universe. It is very outrageous to me that people who know nothing about India, whether it is divinity, can only use one of our beloved goddesses and use it as a cheap prostitute to make a low budget, talented horror movie. How dare they take their beloved Mother and portray her as an abomination that makes people cut off their eyelids! She is just terrible for those who are attached to their ego and who live in error, greed, anger and other inner demons. It is very clear to me that the person who wrote this movie must have a very serious self-condemning ego, and serious inner demons to see Kali so horribly and horribly. When the ego falls away, she becomes a form that is captivating, beautiful and young, a beauty that is so captivating to see that she captivates the whole universe with it. Kali Maa is an old Mother, not to be for the sake of entertainment, let's just hope that in her endless compassion and compassion, she won't be angry with those involved in this movie. <br /> <br /> The audacity of Westerners in the use of religions such as my own, or the religions of the Caribbean like Santeria, and Vodou, which are actually very positive, and other such religions misunderstand elements that the Western mind can not understand is to understand. totally ridiculous. It is clear that there is no respect for what people live, breathe and believe when it comes to these kind of flicks. <br /> <br /> Kali Maa is in fact a caring and compassionate mother, who put our tears on her beautiful feet in dedication and love for. And I'm glad my Mother is sometimes angry to protect his dedications from themselves and from outside powers. Congratulations to the FIRST Kali Maa, who showed the way of God and the mind a lot.
