I immediately looked at it after I saw HILLSIDE CANNIBALS, anything would have been an improvement. In addition, it keeps me from comparing ZOMBI 3 to 28 days later and its successor. Unfortunately, the more I watched it, the more I realized how good Danny Boyle's was and how much this movie influenced 28 WEEKS LATER <br /> <br /> One can't help seeing how much the 28 franchises horror movie. I was totally convinced that ZOMBI 3 had to be made at least in 1980 or 1981. In that case, I would have mentioned my summary 28 YEARS (DID?) - but was not until I came to this page to find it was released in 1988. All the production values ​​scream that it flattens a low budget the very early part of that decade. I could have enjoyed this movie as a fifteen-year-old schoolboy in 1982, as my peers have, but not now. <br /> <br /> Many of the problems involve a lack of internal continuity. For example, some of the zombies are floating over a snail's pace while others can run fast and have self-awareness leading to a ridiculous end stage that includes a DJ. Likewise, some may be killed by a kick to the face while others remain alive, even if they have chopped their heads, wait until you see the fridge scene, you can just die. Even the serious characters are suffering from this kind of complicated messy script where a character suddenly shows that he is a helicopter pilot asking me why the army has appointed him to drive jeeps for a career. Obviously you remind yourself of the previous movie THE CRAZIES that also reminds me of the later 28 films. Many of the terrorists break into a scientific base leading to all kinds of disasters with the army the bad guys trying to kill the infected and the survivors and long before the end you will have worked out what basically everyone dies. The problem with this is that you are immediately reminded of how the British franchise did so much better on a bigger budget. Not only that, but the 28 franchise will appeal to a thinking group that may have little interest in the average horror movie. ZOMBI 3 will hear no one other than a hardcore plow
