In 1979, Lucio Fulci released his film Zombi. Due to the earlier entry of George Romero's Dawn of the Dead, which was named by its Italian release, it was drawn to Zombi 2. (That also had the bonus of making the audience think it was a sequel to the second Romero movie). As a result of this theme, the second Zombi movie, which would be called Zombi 2, is thus entitled Zombi 3. In the UK, the original Zombi movie (that is, Zombi 2) was titled "Zombie Flesh Eaters". To continue this theme, the second Zombi movie (Zombi 3) ​​titled "Zombie Flesh Eaters 2" was for the British release. (Do you follow all this?) So if Zombie Flesh Eaters was Fulci's Dawn, then 2 is his Day of the Dead? While this is just a flippant observation, this story of military connections, helicopters and a wrestling story certainly has a vague thematic similarity. <br /> <br /> Some of Fulci's European directions force a movie like this, but the play, dubbing and exposure-heavy script are absolutely horrible. His ecological message is so forced and over-emphasized, it can no longer be considered a sub-text, while there is an (inadvertently) hilarious bird homage. The combination of this last element with MOR 80's is not a good idea. For some reason I couldn't stop thinking about the time of the monkeys (q.v.) the whole time I watched it. Of course this is not a good thing. <br /> <br /> Whilst there is nothing here to chase competitive topless dives, haunting zombies and eyeballs hit a splinter, Fulci's misogynistic railings feel a job with a hotel cleanser's mouth. Soil in a mirror until it sheds blood. His physical good fortunes also see a handshake. Both themes are combined when a woman's face is cut down, first by one zombie, then a zombie fetus who breaks out of the stomach of a pregnant woman. <br /> <br /> Of course, it's a step out of Zombi, coming five years later. (Nine years in global release terms). But without the original's low-key charm, it struggles, while Stefano Mainetti's music is inappropriate and uninspired. Fabio Frizzi's score was one of the best things about the '79 movie. Here are zombie attacks that seem uncomfortable like Bonnie Tyler's "Outing For A Hero". In the midst of this massacre we get an annoying love interest, and Roger and Kenny, two lean macho types who do everything with acrobatic urgency and constantly set the obvious. ("We are out of ammunition" to a standing gun is a particular point of view). But wherever it falls, it's in the zombies themselves. Low key or not, Fulci's original had really beautiful, rotting zombies. Skull faces, worms in eye sockets ... they were really something to see. On the other hand, choosing this dull follow-up for the more traditional "men with a little paint on their faces" option. <br /> <br /> The climax leaves too many Romero movies to be even funny, while using the DJ is a crass and cheap narrative device. Not the same elements of indignation and gratuitous nudity of the first, it is unlikely that the same cult appeal. <br /> <br /> It seems that Fulci actually walked out on the project after allegedly only fifteen minutes, and filmed the rest by Bruno Mattei. I'm pretty sure even Fulci would have clicked on the ridiculous "flying zombie head" scene, and so on to the director for the good sense of departure. Unfortunately, however, it's his name that is above the release movie title, so the majority of people will be left with the impression that it is a Fulci movie through and through. On that scale, it's a big blow to him because this movie commits you to think Fulci will be the worst crime of all: it's boring.
