Zombi 3 begins as a group of heavily armed men who develop an experimental chemistry developed to revive the dead while trying to escape, the man is shot and the chemical container containing metal is violated. The man gets some of the green chemical on a wound on his hand, which shortly afterwards eats him in a meat, cannibalistic zombie. Within an hour, the surrounding environment crawls with the eternal death-seeking meat of fresh victims, Kenny (Deran Sarafian) and his army friends, find themselves in great trouble as they stop Patricia (Beatrice Ring) and her friend Lia (Deborah) to help. Bergammi) picked by zombie birds (!). General Morton is in charge of the situation and has to spread the zombie plague from all over the world! But will he and his men succeed? <br /> <br /> This Italian-made movie had to be directed by Italian zombie gore movie author Lucio Fulci, but the story goes that he had a stroke and could not make the film so. Franco Gaudenzi asked the second unit director, Bruno Mattei and author Claudio Fragasso, to import and complete the film. Apparently, Mattei & Fragasso did more than they just finished. They actually shot a lot of the footage Fulci and ended a lot of their own and Zombi 3 as well as almost a straight 50/50 split. Fragasso's writing is an absolute mess, nothing is well thought out and is just as stupid as it gets. The scenes of zombie birds that attack humans are not only technically inactive, but the whole idea is just absurd. The zombies themselves have no consistency, look at the scene where Patricia is on the bridge. The zombies are slow as they shuffle, but then look at the scene earlier where she was attacked by the zombie because the one is running around. As if it were on steroids, it is for a reasonable explanation about 10 minutes before the movie is finished. Zombies suddenly develop the ability to speak whatever looks. There are so many things wrong with Zombi 3, scene after the scene of terribly thoughtful and awkward action, terrible characters, and really dull broken English dialogue that doesn't make half the time sense. Then there is the embarrassment where the zombie head inside the fridge suddenly develops the ability to fly through the air and bite the nest. The scene when the man fits into the white infestation is about to kill Kenny & Roger, but instead of using them. automatic guns decide to try and kill them manually. Even when Kenny picks up a gun, they still refuse to use their guns. When Kenny shoots them all, they still refuse to use their guns. This is one of the most improperly handled plays ever made to film and then there is the end where Kenny takes off in the helicopter, but can't put it on the ground for literally a few seconds to pick up his mate and Then a load of zombies suddenly rushes from under heaps of grass, what? Since then, the zombies still hide themselves under heaps of grass? It can all sound like fun, but believe me it's not, it's a very bad movie that is just boring, repetitive and simply doesn't work at any level as an entertainment piece, except for a few inadvertent laughs. <br /> <br /> It is difficult to know who was responsible for what exactly, but none of the material was shot very well. It has a fine lifeless feel to it and for some reason the manufacturers have been trying to make every scene in the mist. The problem is that they clearly have only one mismatch. And you can see that the fog on one corner of the screen is noticeably thicker when it comes straight out of the machine and diluted as it spreads across the scene. Since much of it is set during the day, it does not add any kind of atmosphere and when they do it and spread the manure evenly across the screen, it just looks like they have shot the scene on a foggy day! The direction is poor, with no consistency, and it just looks and feels beneath the spindle. Even the blood and gore are not too much, there is a prying hand at the beginning, a scene when something falls from the stomach of a pregnant woman, a legless woman (who actually takes her legs off the pool & why didn't it take the bones of the guy who jumped in to save her?) And some OK searches are as greedy as they get. For anyone hoping to see a gore festival, it will be very disappointing, as Fulci regularly served in the late 70's and early 80's. There is no decent food scene, no intestines, no heads. Gore. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is poor, the special effects are cheap, the cinematography is boring, the music is terrible, the places are vague and it has rock-bottomed production values. It's actually shot in the Philippines to keep costs to a minimum. The whole film was of course baptized, the play looks rather awful and the English version seems to be written by someone who doesn't understand the language well. <br /> <br /> Zombi 3 is not a sequel to Fulci's. classic zombie gore fest Zombi 2 (1979), it has nothing to do with it except the cash-in-title. I'm sorry, but Zombi 3 is an amateur mess of a movie, it's boring, it doesn't make sense, it's not funny enough to be entertaining and it has no decent gore. One to avoid.
