Where do I start? I wanted to enjoy this movie and I did it. Yet I wanted to enjoy it because I was another zombie movie that was my booty and it wasn't. It was another kind of pleasure. It was unhealthy, a perverted pleasure that I took to watch one of the most ridiculous movies I've ever seen. And I don't care much about what Fulci's excuses were, there was no excuse for this movie going how it went. It was a bad movie altogether, but I still can't give it less than 4 out of ten. That's what I gave it because well ... at least I could laugh at this misfit of a movie. br /> <br /> I had to imagine these zombies, which were all over the ceilings of these buildings ... imagined they were bored as hell, so they crawled on the trees and kept them high up stone erections, or they have seen the fleshy live maize band come off shattered, so they have taken it on themselves to enter many air arrangements. Hell, what else is there to do when you're dead? <br /> <br /> I had to perform at some zombies who were looking for martial arts, kicks and jumps, and some kicked over like traditional meat lovers. I tied my eyes to a floating head that was never explained. I looked at a terribly terrible joy, as the land they were in, the Phillipenes, disappeared completely into the mist, missed heavy doses and that the dams were like their castle dug. I even had to split up when I saw that the design for this pest healing on a chalkboard was sketched as an eighth with lines extending from every corner, written with 'Dead One' in the middle. I had to ask myself ... if the science of healing zombies is so easy then I wonder if I could start a little something to start a zombie outbreak here! <br /> <br /> All the effects I was sure the original was poor, the story absurd, the zombies inconsistent, even in a bad way, they could all be equal, and the women ugly, but I did found myself enjoying this thing. It was a fun look. It was a very bad movie, and I would not recommend this thing unless one is in bad live movies, but again I say ... it was a good laugh. I'm looking for zombie movies, no matter what, but when it came to Fulci's name, it had been much better. Let me venture, Zombie Holocaust was better.
