I'm a keen fan of Lucio Fulci, and yet I have to say that "Zombi 3" (aka "Zombie Flesh Eaters 2"), which he made with two other directors, Bruno Mattei and Claudi Fragasso, was quite a disappointment. . Especially compared to his predecessor, Fulci's own 1979 Gore classic "Zombi 2" (aka "Zombie Felsh Eaters" / "Zombie"), it is very disappointing. Certainly, the low rating of 4.5 indicates it's not a good movie, but these low ratings usually come from people not in Italian Zombie movie. And as an enthusiastic fan of Italian Horror movies and low-budget Exploitation movie, many films have been rewarded with much lower ratings. Also, many of my fellow Italian Horror buffs seem to think of this movie as underestimated, which I unfortunately cannot agree with. Not that the movie was a complete disaster. It has some redeeming features, especially Fulci's hazy gore effects, which is always a pleasure to watch for an Italian Horror / Gore buff. The basic idea behind the film is also not bad (although far from the original) and I like the relentless depiction of the army. Unfortunately, it's about it. While the great predecessor "Zombi 2" was extremely greedy, but also totally creepy, it's not dirty or scary for a minute, and the deceptive and often grotesque gore is the only real reason to watch "Zombi 3". The movie is sometimes fun to watch, but only for the gore, and as an unintentional comedy. I think it was mainly the gore that came from Fulci, and the disappointing rest that came from Mattei and Fragasso, the first of which was involved in a lot of unpleasant cults (such as D'Amato's "Porn Holocaust"), and second of which is responsible for one of the worst movies ever made, the divine "Troll 2". Overall, it's definitely visible to the gore, but from all the Fulci movies I've seen so far, it's definitely the worst, and I've seen the majority of this great movie maker's repertoire. I am a Fulci fan, and I will always be, but this is not his magical moment. It may be fun for the gore, but I recommend watching any other Fulci movie before it!
