I cannot remain indifferent to Lars van Trier's films. I see 'Breaking the Waves' nothing less than a masterpiece. I loved 'dancer at night'. I admired the idea in Dogville, but the overall exercise looked too dry and theatrical, less cinema. 'Europe', which I see just now, was a well-known film at that time, passed the relative success of a European film in the USA and received the Oscar for the best foreign language film, but did not survive the time in my opinion no. It's also too much explicit and excessive exercise in cinema to my liking. <br /> <br /> The story has a level of ambiguity that can't escape the viewer. The treatment of the period immediately following the Second World War, not in the black and white colors of the victors, and of injured and victims, but as rather ambiguous times when people from both sides fought for survival in the aftermath of a catastrophic event that The life of nations and individuals forever is still a source of disputes even today, more such were novel and courageous two decades ago. Yet it is the way of expression that is not really fit for the task. <br /> <br /> The movie looks like many quotes that come directly from the films of Hitchcock, especially his early films in pre-Europe, with brave British spies fighting evil German spies on trains running the continent. high speed in the dark cross. The trains were a symbol of the world and its conflict with all their intensity and dramatism. Here, the train also becomes the symbol of the first sparkles of the rebirth of Germany after war, of its power, of its obsession with order and regulation, of punctuality and politeness. The characters who populate the train are far from the classic spy stories, good or bad guys. The main character that a young American comes from German origin to post-war Europe, who is prepared to be part of a process of aid and reconciliation, finds himself in an ambiguous world of destruction and corruption, with liberators more like oppressive occupiers seem, while the lost did not resign. to their fate, but rather willing to continue on the path of self-destruction, with love mixed with betrayal. <br /> <br /> It's still this classic film treatment that betrays the director in this case. The actions of the characters, especially of Leopold Kessler, played by Jean-Marc Barr, seem to be interrelated and credible. The overall cinematography does not seem to be Hitchcock-like, but rather of a bad imitation of Hitchcock in the late 30's. The use of color over the black-and-white film used most of the time in moments of emotional intensity is also demonstrable. It's not that Van Trier has mastered his artistic means, but he's too demonstrative. He seems to be trying too hard to show what a great filmmaker is. He is really great, as he will show in some of his later films, but it will be left to the viewers to determine it alone.
