... but I expected Caroline Munro better. She did good movies, and I hoped it would be just as good. In fact, she and this other blonde girl character (the girl I cut were the only two of the 8-11 actors who could act. This movie has the worst acting I've ever seen, almost as bad as' Psycho '(1998) The very dumb part was when the woman was in the shower and marty touched it to throw battery acid, she started screaming, and her scream is probably the most annoying sound in the whole world. to come out but "accidentally" fall back, I will admit that the violence and the story are good, along with Harry Manfredini's music, but the play could have been much better, there were two other characters, frank and joe "I don't know about you, but they have a strange deal with Dan Akyroyd, even if they find the woman's fried body in the bath, you think they will shout and burst. No. Caroline Munro and the blonde woman are the only one who responds, Frank and Joe barely show signs of fear or aversion ie, but I know that if I saw a fried skeleton of one of my best friends, I would come out. Even when Joe started saying things like "What happened to Marty was an accident, it wasn't our fault." He says it looks like his nervous or scared, but hardly shows any facial expressions. then the blonde girl starts crying and says, "I'm scared frank!" And she grabbed Joe. I think the actress didn't really know which guy was who. The movie's end is the most confusing thing I've ever seen. more confusing than the climax of "jaws: revenge". all eight friends end dead, marty kill them all, but then you see something that looks like he is being pursued by their rotten bodies, and then it just cuts to hospital from the accident and then ends the movie, marty dress as a nurse to sedate him, but then we see that marty has come in her clothes or as it kills a doctor and the film ends with marty peeling skin from his face. which leads me to the next question. WHAT WAS THE WRITER WHEN HE WAS COMING WITH HERE?!?!?!?! did he actually expect people to just understand what happened to hell? the end left me so confused. were the characters still alive? is marty still a grudge? Didn't the events we just see happen or not at all? I do not know. Overall, this movie was pretty stupid. The play sucked, the music was okay, the story was pretty decent (except for the end). Basically, this is just one of your average 80's teenage shooters flicks. see it only for harry manfredini and caroline munro. 2/10 <br /> <br /> P.S. - Simon Scuddamore (Marty) committed suicide shortly after the film's release of intentional drug abuse. I think he was the only person who knew this movie was what it really was. A pole of SH **
