The movie starts with a look back at Doddsville County High School on April Fool's Day. A group of students play a prank on classy Marty. When punished for speaking, they follow with a bigger prank that (par for the course in slasher movies including pranks on classrooms) leaves ridiculously uncomfortable, while Marty is simultaneously burned with fire and disillusioned with acid to thoroughly be. . Fast forward five years, where our members of the student body gathering at the now leaving high school for their five year class reunion. We find that it is no coincidence that everyone at the reunion belongs to the click of pranksters from the flashback scene, as all the participants killed and killed by a mysterious, mask-dressed killer in an increasingly complex and sensible way. become ridiculous modes. It does not take Sherlock Holmes to solve the secret of the murderer's identity, as it is revealed to be no other than a scar Marty who apparently uses his nerd anger and high intellect to deflect the laws of physics and engineering to set up school for his revenge scenario. The movie takes a turn for the bizarre when Marty finishes his revenge on his former tormentors, just to be hunted by their ghosts. Marty is finally pushed over the edge and takes his own life. Finally, the film explodes into a crescendo of disobedient weirdness, as the whole revenge scenario is first and foremost a dream if Marty wakes up in a hospital bed, breaks free of his limitations, hides a nurse and ends his own face . <br /> <br /> The writing is tired and suffers from a terminal case of horror movie logic. The only originality comes from the sensible outrageous ways the victims are sent. The absurdly-it-was-all-a-dream ended up being tackled. It was almost as if someone had pointed out the diverse nature of the film and the author then decided that it was a dream. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is frightening. Some scenes were filmed so darkly that I had to break the film and play the color on my television. The acting is sub-par, even for slasher movies. I can't help but think that the decisive part of the problem was, as all the actors look at least five years older than the characters they portray, which even make the play scene even more unceasing. Their lack of commitment to the movie is made clear, as half of them can't bother to keep their accents straight through the movie. <br /> <br /> All this is said, if you like bad horror movies, you might like this one too. It's not the worst movie of the genre, but it's far from the best.
