What about Domino I hated about everything, and I mean everything else? Perhaps it was the total glorification of a bounty hunter; Perhaps it was the sexism associated with an interesting and interesting study of a hard, female main character; Perhaps it was the sheer appearance of the movie with its bizarre yellow glow and distorted blue hue or the way it takes an actress like Lucy Lui; who deserves much better than this litter; and put her in one place in the room, the light can't touch the face directly with the same dumb look. Maybe it's the editing; that terrific fast-paced digestion and the way in which dialogue lines echo as pronounced by people like Kiera Knightly, who if you buy as a bounty hunter, you will probably benefit yourself from believing that the world will end in 2012. > <br /> No one comes from Domino with any kind of credibility, absolutely no one. It's a painful and misleading experience that takes inspiration from things like Natural Born Killers and loose ideas for an audience, not even for them. The main question is, "Was Domino some kind of comedy?" Being invented with his hilarious bad lead with certain lines that we desperately want to think she is getting so hard for, but really, she looks more like an arrogant fifteen-year-old girl on her first day at the public school, to get her peers to impress. There are things you really don't know how to respond, whether they're supposed to be funny or not. If it's supposed to be a comedy, ask the following question: "Is the life of a bounty hunter really the kind of thing to enjoy?" I do not think so. <br /> <br /> Making the movie with the title card "Based on a true story ........ kind." If it's supposed to be a kind of postmodernist technique that enables director Tony Scott to bend and manipulate the story of Domino Harvey for its own unique purpose, then you're simply on another planet. The truth is, in one opening quote, the film identifies the subject and the original text before it comes out and says "kind" I think they should make Domino older than she should be and appear on Jerry Springer. Then we learn about Domino's relationship with her father who died in the movie when she was ten or something; here's the first use of the 'kind' cop like in real life she was just four. But if the film was over with the dates of reality, her whole trip would be born of the death of ..... her goldfish. <br /> <br /> We are then in action with Ed Mosbey (Rourke); Domino (Knightley) herself and so-called love interest should be Choco (Ramírez). During the scene, an American mother is thrown into the back of nowhere by the firearm in her own caravan, as she pleads for her son's life to be spared. What a very wrong opening; Offering his three leaders as nasty people breaking into trailers, firing firearms at innocent people, we know nothing about and come close to shooting their pets. <br /> <br /> The immediate feeling of hate towards the three leads, a sense of 'no, why do you do it? Why is it happening? "Bad seeds are planted, and if you don't know, they stick. The movie is painful to watch, even ominous; as these three cups complete their way through the play with supporting performances by actors known for playing characters in Beverly Hills 90210. Here is another daft postmodern slope, people who play themselves and that some sort of 'Joker card is playing again be. Christopher Walken even appears in a very stupid role that is the series of Robert Downey Jr's natural-born Killers character. <br /> <br /> As the movie on and Domino is thrown into Ed and Choco's gang, pure for her good looks. I can add, it seems amidst the plot to do with the false driver's registration I.Ds or something that Choco and Domino can have feelings for each other. The problem is, since each artist does such a bad job in their respective character; there is no chemistry and no feeling between the two; the movie is not a love story, so why is the road bothering in the first place? Does anyone care about these two characters amidst all the quick changes and things that blow up? If there is a 'feel' between Choco and Domino, it exists on such a small, small, minimalist scale that you should ask why it's even included. <br /> <br /> So the film feels narrative the need to tell things. We find the reason for the false I.Ds linked to someone else and a man speaks on a cellphone in a soundproof bubble. The soundproof bubble I can believe but how does he get his cell phone under water and in the bubble in the first place without being flooded? He had to swim very fast? doubles the speed of the movie's fixed edit which means something in the vicinity of .01 of a second. Yes sure. The movie's story becomes too complicated and just arbitrary before it comes to a very dull climax. More things are blown up. In addition, there is a very unpleasant scene to do with a wall chart full of new ethnic groups. The movie's comedy runs SO dry, it's the "Jerry, Jerry!" Must be refuge. chant while people are on a popular American talk show. When did we last say "Jerry! Jerry!"? when we were seven years old? I felt lost and depressed on such a movie's existence.
