I don't know if these movie problems are the error of Direction or Script. As you will see in many reviews, the editing style is slightly exaggerated. It is absolutely distracting and without dust, which can be considered a good thing if you look at some of the quotes on the movie. I don't write many reviews here, but feel this movie was so terrible that it made a comment. Movies like this erode when making movies as an art form. Movies like this show more and more that the current Reality focus in the cinema reveals the quality of the characters behind them. People are hitting vessels, there are 5 senses, and there are sensory - there are their own inner lives. But I don't blame them, it's increasingly the unfortunate state of this era - qualified by movies like this. But by proxy these manufacturers I would not dare to call artists vomit if there is a lack of inner life or view on the screen - it diffuses for everyone. A story of bounty hunters, rifle guns and more guns, heavy show sex - for the o so popular actress (did they write the shot dance scene after they signed her?), Over saturated, over exaggerated, one liners, not - linear premises. All different and yet the same. Annoying overwhelming music to push the emotion into your throat. A story? a character development? or just remember, missing information, revealed at the end to create the * effect * of a story - as if one had happened. It has everything that looks less like subtle. It is a caricature of stereotypes and genre. Where are the movies with awareness? What about subtle sound and music you are not even aware of is there? What about the depth of a can? What about editing with a point about mind and consciousness? Yes, even in action movies this can happen. Certainly they put a vessel; but what use is it without soul or wisdom? of insight into the human condition? Can the people who comment and say it is an indignation of art or compare it to Picasso and others - I say this next to Gandhi or the Godfather, even the original trilogy of star wars or the lord of the rings; then look at me and say it again. It's a good crew, but they need help with depth and story. I hope they get it, because I like the teams previous work. better luck next time.
