It was another obscure Christmas-related title, a low-budget Mexican production by the mining filmmaker Cardona (NIGHT OF THE BLOODY APES [1969], TINTORERA! [1977]) as much a genre effort by this country? ? was obtained by K. Gordon Murray for release in the US. Judging by the two attempts already mentioned, Cardona was not a visionary? and this one who has already received his share of the flag above is definitely not better! The film is actually redolent of the strangeness that characterized Mexican horror outings of the era, but has given an extra dimension based on the colored color (which, in view of the prominence of red, except St Nick himself, plays the devil An important role in the proceedings - throughout was essential. Anyway, in a nutshell, the plot involves Satan's efforts to steal Santa Claus' Christmas with the children of the Earth. However, there is much more wackiness on the way: in the beginning our porter, white beard and chronically cheerful man lives in red in a heavenly palace which, apart from guided toy makers from all over the world, sits on their piano as they sing (laborious for the whole first line!) in their native language, visit Merlin ?? the famous wizard in King Arthur's court, here bafflingly but amusingly inclined to gibberish childish jumping and mumbling! ?? once a year to get drinks that will lead to the younger sleepiness and make himself invisible. By the way, the wizard's anachronistic presence here is no less unlikely than a cohort of dr. Frankenstein in SON OF Dracula [1974]!); By the way, by this time he always gained some excess weight. So, Santa needs to work out to fit into every proverbial chimney! The devil's antics (enthusiastically rubbing his hands at every turn and usually keeping it up) for St. Keeping Nick's delivery program down is now quite mere: indeed, they often look for an old Laurel & Hardy routine. than anything! To spot the running time, we focus on three sets of kids: one, the lonely son of a rich couple who wants nothing more for Christmas than their company (projected as a wish-fulfillment fantasy where the boy finds his parents wrapped in extra-large packages!), a girl from a poor family who wants to have their own doll (the horn, the one who sets her first to steal one and then enters the dreams of the little ones) , and a trio of brats Who are eaten again by Satan, think of nothing but to cause evil and ultimately fall apart. There is definitely imagination at work here, but it is applied with little rhythm or reason, while the overall youthful approach retains entertainment (unless one counts the film as a guilty pleasure) very well!
