This santa movie starts strange and I think Santa can be a pedo. Instead of the usual eleven toy makers, this Santa Claus apparently kidnapped children from around the world and let them sing a bit like "This is a Small World"! I think there are no child labor laws on the strange astral plane on which he lives (this is apparently NOT the North Pole and not on Earth)! Neither of these children look very happy, and I apparently want to see commandos come in and save the guys. Although I think for some of the third world children, these working conditions may have been an improvement in local sweatshops. I hope everything they do is sing and make toys. <br /> <br /> Then the scene suddenly turns into hell where many and many devils dance as they are in a Busby Berkeley musical. This pleasure has ended by Satan commanding one of them, Pitch, to go to Earth to destroy Christmas !! Personally, I thought this movie did it already! The devil and his imps are actually kind of cute - like Hot Stuff from the Harvey Comics, but with cool evil goats! Or, if you're Puerto Rican, like a padigante mask with a goat! <br /> <br /> Somehow, a poverty-stricken Mexican child named Lupita, a group of jerky little ones who want to fight Santa and a rich kid, is the main battlefield for the Devil and Santa !! So, if the prince of darkness (not Donald Trump, it's the other prince of darkness) can somehow steal her and be bad, he'll 'win' - what we really don't know! In fact, as they root her, you get the impression that the filmmakers are planning to be Santa - because he has all these great powers and fights the devil over children's souls! Later, Santa meets with his friend, Merlin. He asks him to make him a special powder that makes people dream what dreams are. Considering how much Santa laughs in the movie (like a demented chipmunk), I assume he has to use this drug a lot! He immediately goes to a blacksmith who makes him a magical key that opens ALL doors. Mostly he likes kids as his personal 'assistants', this magical key thing makes me very worried! During Santa's Christmas ride, you see Lupita as a little angel - one problem. Santa then takes time to care for the rich child whose parents are selfish jerks. He gives them some kind of crazy cocktail that solves their problems - two problems are solved. This is a rare case where alcohol / drug helps children solve problems! And for the little muggers he gives them coal! Frustrated with his losses for Santa, Pitch tries to steal the sled (pulled by awkward animatronic deer). If it fails, he destroys Santa's stash of 'magic powder'! As a result, Santa cannot become invisible to avoid dogs and is married. Oh, oh ... how can Santa take a detour to the Betty Ford Clinic if he sticks a tree? Will St Nick come down from the tree and get the monkey off his back or will the demons win? If you care, vote in and see. However, be warned that the movie is dreary! <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is yecchy. While in color, it is very nice. The music is mostly done on an organ - which, together with the bad song of the children, may produce the worst soundtrack I heard in recent memory. And the story is just incomprehensible and very, very, very creepy. Demons and a Santa kid kidnapping are simply creepy taste. It's a movie you should never show to children, but make a good movie to watch with friends so you can laugh from start to finish.
