Whether you look at the regular version of this monstrosity or the MST3K version, you can only be impressed by the total GALL included in this production. The filmmakers insult the viewer's intelligence from one side to the other and can of course not care less about them. <br /> <br /> Everything about it is rock-bottom cheap. Even the 1950's car in the flashback sequence of that era looks like it was thrown out of a junkyard. <br /> <br /> As you probably know, the "hobgoblins" are realized with bad handmade puppets and stuffed toys; When a person is supposed to be attacked by them, it is clear that the toy is held by the victim to his or her own body. When the beef breeders are hid from the two security guards, it is (or rather not shown) shown by the camera that UP guides on the guards as they look down and turn their heads around as if they are watching the hobboblins lurking. It is reminiscent of the scene in the movie "Tangents" where two people are standing in the ruins of a future world, the wreck is up, and we are not shown. Budget constraints that are rendered with complete incompetence usually mean you won't show anything to show, so why try? The "sets" were completely laughable. "Club Scum" was an obvious dinner; the house seems to have been a vacant house - probably for rent or for sale - that the production company got for an hour or two to do the shooting. The "spacecraft" is something I would be ashamed to build if I was a 10-year-old model. <br /> <br /> The motivation of the characters doesn't make sense - Kevin is denied by his worthless inputs. of a girl because he didn't make her proud of him. I'm sure it was meant to end their reconciliation oh so, but any man with true self-respect would have told her to go to hell and leave her. Nick is apparently back from 2 months of military training (yes, good regulation hairstyle, Nick) and apparently bent to prove our country is being defended by sadistic, moronic animals that are sex maniacs. Kyle is a phone call in red shorts that dreams of a night with a spandex-clad dominatrix type, but he is so slight that he is more likely to gay than not. One of the girls is a prude and the other is a fool. <br /> <br /> And the hobgoblins? In the end, everyone goes back to the safe where they have lived for 30 years. Why? Who knows? Who cares? Watch this movie and be amazed at how primitive filmmaking in our modern times can be if you have an idiotic script, incompetent direction, actors so bad, they will be rejected from a high school theater production and Edward is worthy. D. Wood, Jr.
