"House of Evil" aka "Dance of Death" of 1968 is the first of four notorious and strange last movies featuring the great Boris Karloff and led by Jack Hill and Juan Ibánez. Unlike "Snake People" (1971), "The Incredible Invasion" (1971) and "The Fear Chamber" (1972), all released after Karloff's death in 1969, "House of Evil" was released in 1968 Karloff was still alive. "House of Evil" is considered by many to be the worst of these four movies, all of which are undoubtedly decent, but definitely their entertainment as the unintentional comedies they are. I personally prefer "The Fear Chamber" and "House of Evil" over the other two, simply because the lack of least logic is even more extreme, and since there is no tension in any of the movies, the lack of logic is Increases the unintentional fun factor. <br /> <br /> The strange story (I don't know if I really call it a plot) is set somewhere in Europe in the 19th century. After some girls have been murdered and come out with their eyes, Mathias Morteval (Karloff), an enthusiastic organ player, invited his few remaining relatives to his bizarre house, which is full of terrible toys. His family members include Lucy Durant (Julissa), who is involved in one of the police inspectors investigating the murders. <br /> <br /> I won't give up the story anymore, but I can assure you it's pretty bizarre in the movie. There are some very funny moments, especially what Karloff's character says. Boris Karloff was without a doubt one of the most brilliant and important icons of the Horror genre that ever lived, and he can award this strange movie with a little bit of his greatness, and although (or because) his role is (too thanks to a poor writing and directing) in no way scary, it seems he deliberately plays with a sense of humor. Just like in the movie's sequel "Snake People" and "The Fear Chamber", the female lead is again played by Julissa. <br /> <br /> Most of his supporting actions are hilariously amateurish, cinematography is horrible and the sites and scenery are contemptuous. The storyline has the least bit of logic and the dialogue often doesn't make the least sense. This is the poor story and dialogue, but it makes this movie so entertaining to watch. "House of Evil" can be a very difficult attempt by a movie, but it is definitely (unintentionally) funny as it is bad. Fans of Ed Wood's movies should be very amused, I personally found it hilaries. Crappy, but welcome, and definitely worth watching, because there is Boris Karloff in it and because of the fun factor. 10/03
