The Cases begin with archaeologist Matt Fletcher (Casper Van Dien) in the desert, discovering the mummified remains of a 42-meter-high giant. Now there's something you don't see every day. Matt works for real estate developer Morton (Robert Wagner) who wants to build a holiday resort on the land and he calls in fellow archaeologist Angela (Kristen Miller) for reasons I'm not sure about. Anyway, they try to figure out what they have on their hands if some of the team miss, call Morton in security man Ammon (Navid Negahban) to deal with the situation. Meanwhile, ancient translator Rabbi Eli Schmidtt (Tom Bosley) translates some ancient text (as he would) and is shocked to learn of an evil prophecy in which these giants will rise and take over the world for the Cases, or something like that. It is Matt's job to save the day and the whole planet ... <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Kevin VanHook, who also plays a small role in the film as the old martial leader at the beginning, personally thought The fallen Ones was a terrible movie and it is so simple and straight forward. There are so many things that are just bad about The Fallen Ones on a technical and conceptual level, the writing doesn't make much sense and it doesn't really go to the final 20 odd minutes at what time I almost lost the will to life. The character is frightening and as clear as you like, the dialogue is bad as in many, very bad and the whole movie is predictable. I mean it won't be surprising that Casper Van Dien will save the day. ? It's not a big surprise that the mummified giant is going to live again, so wait until more than an hour in the movie when most of the audience will be in some comatose state. It's bad, very bad. You're warned. <br /> <br /> Director VanHook impresses, the battle scenes are quite awful and why do your bad guys in a horrible press scene? They look naughty. To give it a little credit, the special effects on the giant mummy itself are good, although there aren't many of them, as it didn't occur for more than an hour, there is also a normal size. Mommy that looks straight from the set The Mummy (1999), unfortunately, is not used to any great effect and is actually wasted as a comic relief. The mechanical mummy was a pretty good idea, but watched, and there is no way on earth that all the people can work to work with each other, the more I think about how ridiculous the idea is. . Forget about any fear, tension or atmosphere and don't even think of any gore or violence, because there is none. <br /> <br /> Technically, the Cases are not something special and apart from the impressive giant mummy effects there is little to get excited about. The ghost CGI and water effects are terrible, it's made for TV and it's shows. The play was weak, Wagner looked embarrassed and this is probably the only thing Dié and Bosley can get today. <br /> <br /> The Cases are a bad movie, there are not two ways to worry about it. Not recommended at any level or in any way, one to avoid.
