The tragedy of the damned ship Titanic inspired many books and movies. The battle between nature and technology has always captured man's imagination. The latest film about this tragedy in the Atlantic Ocean was written and directed by well-known film maker James Cameron. The story of "Titanic" involves two fictional characters (Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet) of different backgrounds (one is an oboe artist, the other is an aristocrat) and how they love about social barriers and the tragedy of a sinking ship triumphs are in progress. <br /> <br /> First, although using a historical name, this movie has little reference to history. The plot is built around two fictional lovers, French diamonds and treasure hunters. The death of more than a thousand people on the biggest luxury ship of his time has become a mere backdrop. Many historical facts are simply forgotten. Where was the radio operator who ignored the iceberg warnings? Why was there no mention of the ship that was only 5 miles from the Titanic, but did not come to the rescue because its captain did not identify the emergency signal? Explaining these facts is an insult to the tragedy. And what was the point of the taste of this historic disaster with fictional cheesy romance when the story is as sad as it is. <br /> <br /> The overall plot was fairly level; Rich are equal to greed and corruption, poverty is equal to compassion and heroism. It is very ironic to spend $ 200 million to make a movie about how money is corrupt. There was absolutely no human side shown in anti-heroes. Billy Zane seems to be part of the devil. Casting was also very poor. If DiCaprio was 2 cm shorter than Winslet, you can swear she is his baby sitter. The length of the film was stretched unnecessarily over three hours. The first hour and half were wasted to avoid the relationships between the characters who had long been known, before going to the theater and the dialogue used to do so made it even worse. Hearing grain-like lines like "I see you" and "It's my side of the ship" caused more pain than shouting drowning people. Also, jokes were too big and lame. <br /> <br /> "Titanic" had some moving scenes like the part the musicians played while the ship was sinking, but they weren't near anything original. The best thing about this movie was its special effects, and that's the only thing that deserves an award. <br /> <br /> Although this film does not have artistic value in general, the public could not resist a sentimental story starring Romeo (DiCaprio), and so the movie has become a success. Now it is safe to say that the industry will be less hesitant to invest large amounts of money into a single film, so it seems that Titanic has achieved something.
