ELEPHANT WALK was a thoroughly dull film and I was really happy when finally a herd of elephants rushed through the house and ended this movie. Mostly with the money and role play, you will probably expect the movie to be much better, although I also question the strange decision of Dana Andrews as a man in love with Elizabeth Taylor. It's not just the age difference, but I can't just see the couple as a couple. Maybe it's the fault of Mrs. Taylor replaces Vivian Leigh at the last minute (due to Ms. Leigh's debilitating mental condition). Although I also have a hard time visualizing Andrews and Leigh, it's possible. In addition, for an English woman, Miss Taylor doesn't even seem to use an accent. <br /> <br /> The movie starts with Peter Finch and Taylor who are married in England. Their plan is to return to Finch's tea plantation in Ceylon (Sri Lanka) and at first it looks like a good life. However, there are no women to talk to and the domestic staff apparently deny her. In addition, Finch once again acts as a drilling roof and Taylor is miserable. Neighbor Andrews can see it and he declares his ominous passion to her. However, Taylor is not ready to abandon her marriage. But over the course of the film, Finch Liz treats more and more like an object and eventually she is ready to leave. When the blue comes out of the blue, Cholera pushes the plantation. It is therefore Andrews, Finch and Taylor to work together to save the day - although I really don't care because there is absolutely no chemistry between the characters, the dialogue is pretty boring and you can't understand no. why Taylor didn't leave her days in the inhospitable hell for days. <br /> <br /> The film is not very relative or convincing and despite a decent budget by Paramount, the movie is a sluggish debris. I was especially surprised that although the film was filmed on location, many scenes were filmed in a studio with a backward projected (and grainy) shot that wasn't well integrated. In one scene, for example, Taylor, Finch and the lot on the veranda sit and the grass is bright green. Then, when the photo cuts for people dancing before them, the grass is brown! Obviously, they're not really in Ceylon in this scene or scene, with the giant Buddha. My advice is to hit this one or at least keep a pot of coffee nearby to keep you awake. Despite its budget, it's just not a very good or inspired movie. <br /> <br /> By the way, did Miss Taylor be pregnant during this movie? In some scenes (especially at the beginning) she carries billowy clothes, has a double chin and looks puffy. This is not a criticism - women are getting pregnant! But if you look carefully, you'll see what I mean. <br /> <br /> Also, the basic plot is in many ways similar to GIANT - a great Taylor movie indeed! It's amazing how decisive and decent direction can do so much.
