After arresting the man responsible for the murder of his boss, deputy sheriff Thomas Jefferson Geronimo, III, was tasked with returning the murderer to Italy. On the way, however, the aircraft is being transferred to Malta. Not long after the landing, the killer escapes. Now, and with little help from Maltese police, Deputy Sheriff Geronimo is taking a murderer back. But will her "first shoot, take names later" mark of Texas justice work in a foreign country? <br /> <br /> Let me get it right, I've seen Final Justice both with and without the Mystery Science Theater 3000 comment. I saw the scenes that were cut to help make the movie a more coherent whole. And I saw the cut TV version used for MST3K. To say this, I have to admit that I prefer the MST3K version. Why? Because Final Justice is a dishonest movie. The MST3K comment helps it much more tastefully. On its own, it is a true snooze of an action movie with a critical dialogue (often with such thick Italian accents that it is impossible to understand), bad acting, poor direction, giant plot holes, and most other things that you're in a bad movie. And if most of the Final Righteousness wasn't that bad, it's fine, it would be a terribly dull movie beyond everything. So, I enjoy the often very funny MST3K commentary on the bad movie on its own. <br /> <br /> However, my key points with the MST3K comment and with most reviews I read on Final Justice involve the criticism of Joe Don Baker. The main weaknesses in Baker's performance have nothing to do with his size or the wardrobe choice of his character or any of the other jokes in his direction. Instead, I think a lot of that has to do with the poor decision to take him first. Joe Don Baker always hit me as a decent actor, but he is not the kind of man I would call an "action hero" by any imagination. He's more of a sidekick as he demonstrated with solid performances in some James Bond movies. Or if you really want to blame someone for problems with Final Justice, point your finger at director Greydon Clark. Clark's resume can't be compared to Baker's. So I say, "Leave Joe Don Baker off!"
