Human pot roast Joe Don Baker (MITCHELL) stars in this dull, unobtrusive "action" movie as deputy Geronimo, a thick, fiery slob that sits in a stupid cowboy pack, listens to country music and eats too much donuts. Meanwhile, a vicious criminal named Palermo (played by the man who owns the drill in Fulci's Gate of HELL) stumbled into Joe Don's territory and shot the sheriff in a poorly-machined scene. Joe Donost - gives up and leaves Palermo's brother after expressing his now legendary takeover: "It's your move. Think you can take me? Well, go ahead. "For some reason, Joe Don, a Texas lawyer, needs to transport Palermo to Italy. "Mr Palermo was a great source of embarrassment for the Italian government," said Mr. Wilson, another vague character by Mr. Bill McKinney has been played. He was in MASTER NINJA 1, SHE FREAK, and very good Clint Eastwood movies). <br /> <br /> Anyone, Joe Don's plane should land in Malta, where Palermo escapes with a briefcase and a man like Jon Lovitz. And that's where the movie stops. For the rest of the movie, Joe Don looks for Palermo, loses Palermo, ends up in a prison cell, is shouted by the Malta police chief. Then a warning is left to stop looking for Palermo. Then Joe Don looks for Palermo, loses Palermo, ends up in a prison, is shouted by the Malta police chief. Then a warning is left to stop looking for Palermo. Then Joe Don looks at Palermo, loses Palermo, ends up in a prison cell, is shouted by the Malta police chief. Then a warning is sent to stop looking for Palermo. This is a worsening film. <br /> <br /> At one stage, Joe Don is killed at sea. All the other characters wonder if he is dead or not, and eventually conclude that he is. But then he pointed out (he was saved by a poor family) and no one mentioned the fact that he was missing several days on the sea. Even his cute Julia Louise-Dreyfuss-esque sidekick didn't welcome him back. However, she offers to help him find Palermo, so Joe Don looks at Palermo, loses Palermo, ends up in a prison cell, is shouted by the Malta police chief and then leaves a warning not to search. Palermo. More points include, a bizarre carnival with weird colorful rafts, a few sexy strippers, a shooting that a child like Napoleon dressed up and a car of tomatoes, a monk, and any scene without Joe Don. Low points include Joe Don who threatens a stripper with a dress hanger. <br /> <br /> It should be noted that Greydon Clark, director of ANGEL'S REVENGE, appears as a sheriff. Ick! <br /> <br />
