Sense of humor. Fun. True. Unreal. Butterfly Wings? One can ask what best describes all these words, and some (those who merge with the international film community) can happen quickly, but others can board the more American train and immediately shout, The Butterfly Effect. Oddly enough, I would be one of those who scream for the Sci-Fi Kutcher movie mainly because nothing of the words I initially mentioned at the beginning of this paragraph accurately portray the Tautou feature I have seen. Sure, we all loved Amelie and thought she was the daughter of Jesus in the Da Vinci code, but in this movie director (of a feature film anyway) Laurent Firode didn't give Tautou the opportunity to shine. Unfortunately, he does not give anyone the opportunity to really demonstrate himself, because he is caught up in the moments of a chance to bring this movie, but a glamor (never a real boiling point). Firode has enough, and I use "generous" as a small word, moments throughout this film where he could build us a fantastic story, a truly whimsical fairy tale of love and coincidence, but he has in the first place mud case. - Cat of chaotic intertwining that overwhelmed us with inconsistent characters and a story we've left to mine. <br /> <br /> Tautou's beautiful face adorns the cover of this box, but don't be as straightforward as I did. assuming it will be another monumental journey in Tautou's French theater. Tautou is in this movie, doesn't get me wrong, but one can argue that she's not in the middle of this story. Firode's work is to create a series of random events that will eventually lead to an audience-friendly (though confusing) end that illustrates the meaning of refreshing "melodrama". He completely, completely failed. Firode failed by giving us, the audience, too many characters. With too many characters, he gives us too many random interventions, and ultimately we don't really care who is who, or what is, or what is it; Your main focus is only on the final credits and the timing of their arrival. Tautou could have saved this film from the disaster if only Firode gave her the center. Unfortunately, he did not do so, but tried to shoot a 12-pin group through a theoretical filmhole about the size of a penny. It just didn't work and we left a jam in which we were completely trapped. <br /> <br /> Firode fails because it focuses so intensely on the small details that one of those rare movie events, he actually forgets the central focus. I can say that there was no defined central focus on events. In the beginning, he tries to create one with our two alleged main characters to discover that they share the same birthday and their horoscope promises love through the moonlight, but we never go back into the movie. Instead, we are bombarded with new characters, stuffy scenes and meaningless drives that are obviously chosen to lead us from a real story and more to a world full of "Ifs, Ands, and Buts". I couldn't do it. I couldn't believe this movie. Author Firode (yes, the same man who directs this rubbish) uses a technique so primitive in this movie that I immediately felt to end it immediately. He had to accept that many of us were unable to actually follow the storyline (or the scientific premise) because he grabbed the help of a homeless person to actually fill in the various spaces. I didn't need it, and I also don't think Firode should relieve his audience in this matter. While there were other elements that didn't work for me at all (again like a seasoned Parisian chopped paper collage), it was the icing on the cake. I don't need my hand through movies. <br /> <br /> I'll give this movie one star for credit. It is a fairly difficult genre to master successfully. Time travel films are especially difficult because of the countless possibilities that are never accounted for, but with Happenstance it works because Firode semi-explores the different paths. While I would say he didn't do it well, it made for at least five full minutes of enjoyment. I love where Firode sat with this movie, he had a really scheduled story, but the final performance just blew this movie. Firode could have saved this movie if he strengthened his characters while relieving his point of departure and story. I think my general mood of this movie would have changed if only these two simple directions were taken. Oh, how I just want, I can return to the production of this movie to show Firode the mistakes of his ways. <br /> <br /> Overall, for the first time (and probably last), it was a Tautou movie I have to say, disappointed me. From the shaky opening to the apathetic end, I just felt that the events failed because of Firode's leadership and terrible marketing. Marketing is something I haven't mentioned before, but why would anyone buy this movie and think it was an Amelie 2 (by title released in Hong Kong) and why would you put Tautou square on the cover, knowing that its good This movie was not going on at all. I believe in the first minute of my DVD player, this movie was in the desert. While applauding his subject, everything was well below the level of mediocrity. I can't suggest this movie to anyone. <br /> <br /> Degree: * Off *****
