I am an avid fan of violent exploitation theater, never attacking a movie to be violent or disturbing. I consider "Cannibal Holocaust" a masterpiece and will always defend controversial films such as "Day of the Woman" or "Last House to the Left" as true classics. Anyone who looks through my other user's comments will see that I'm actually a lot of pro-violence when it comes to movies. However, I think there must be at least some violence. This piece of crap has no point whatsoever. The first film in the infamous "Guinea Pig" series, The Devil's Experiment (1985) is widely controversial, but unlike many other controversial films, this stinker has nothing to recommend. I have to say, before I saw any of the Guniea-Pig movies, I had a feeling I would hate this one and know what it was all about. However, because of his status as one of the most controversial films around, I decided to see it. I'm very glad I didn't cut any money on this heap, and I didn't want to waste my time with it. <br /> <br /> This thing's story (I don't even want to call it a 'movie'): It doesn't have one. Three scumbags kill a woman for a couple of turbulent 40 minutes. That's it. There is no artistic value, no 'shocking' story, no tension; nothing. Simply the unbelief that a movie that shows nothing, except that a woman is tortured for no reason, enjoys enormous cult successions. It's disturbing, I'm giving it that way. Of course it is disturbing to see a torture video for 40 minutes. What is more upsetting is, however, that many people regard this pile of garbage as a kind of masterpiece. I really can't know why. The fact that the gore effects look realistic cannot be the reason I hope. The victim-playing girl is not a very good actor, and responds very calmly to all the torture. This makes the movie look less realistic, which is a good thing in this case. It's a movie that's sick; Not for his favor, but for his dismissal, she exists for the sole purpose of showing 40 minutes of torture. <br /> <br /> I'm strong against any kind of censorship. Since it's 100% fake and no-one has been injured during its production, it is legitimate to make such a film. However, I cannot think of a single reason why anyone would want it, except the morbid desire to see suffering and enjoyment of torture. This film's sequel "Flowers of Flesh and Blood" became famous when actor Charlie Sheen explored it for a real snuff movie and informed the FBI. Fortunately, the film emerged. Overall, "The Devil's Experiment" is a fake torture / sniff movie that has the sole purpose of looking as close to a real snap movie as possible. <br /> <br /> The devil's experiment is one of the worst movies I've ever experienced to go through. Don't torture yourself by giving this piece of crap for its controversial status. Do yourself a favor and avoid it. Zero stars out of 10, I wish there was a negative scale to correctly determine this stack of crap.
