When I read the summary of the movie, something like what happens when a man gets the power of a God, and how he later learns that it requires supernatural powers, is a huge responsibility and power, but it was clever and original. Casting was also promising, Carrey, Freeman, Aniston ... How can good-idea film and good actors, not to mention the cost of filming, be bad? It can. Idea is good, but the writing and the story itself is terrible. Bruce Nolan is, we are honest, a pretty mediocre journalist, with not exactly good stories (like a story of a giant cookie, which fits a faux and the Niagara report is a complete fiasco!), He is a man with a job he is completely deserving (he is not a good journalist, he is a comedian), taking into account his potential, with a beautiful home, sugar sweet girlfriend, and OH HORROR !! !! Dog not trained at home !!! Yes, as soon as Bruce starts talking to God at the beginning of the movie, "God, why do you hate me!" way, average viewer must think, "Why, what's wrong with your life, Bruce?". Bruce is not, and certainly NOT the man with real problems in life. Most of the problems that happen to him are small and not really worth all the fuss he makes, and some of them are just the result of his stupidity. Most people have really big problems, attention, most people are worth more that Bruce, who doesn't look human at all, doesn't even look realistic, too goofy and humble, but God still speaks to him. Why? Although Morgan Freeman looks like a God, I can't help but ask what he's doing in this particularly bad movie. And what does Bruce do when God gives him his powers? God in this movie can easily give his powers to a 5 year old child and there will hardly be any difference. No, wait, a smart kid will probably use his Gods powers better than Bruce. What does Bruce do? Draw the moon closer to the earth to create a romantic atmosphere, share the red soup, lift a beautiful woman's dress on the street, receive responses to the email and make them all out !! No more, Bruce, please! What Bruce did, can actually end the world, but in the movie it doesn't, because it's "beautiful, family, little movie" and doesn't make sense at all !!! Not a hint of sarcasm, of real humor, of wittiness, of a dirty humor! Nothing. Only Carrey is stupid, getting sick of the middle-aged actor. Aniston here is underestimated. She plays a pale, undeveloped character by Bruce's friend Grace, and remains completely forgotten in this movie. No one in the right mind would believe that these two have no chemistry at all. When Grace says prayer to Bruce, it doesn't just sound lame and pathetic, but completely false. These two are not meant to be together. I'll give three stars, but I doubt the movie deserves one. Bad scripts, lame dialogues, lack of real humor, wittiness and any sophistication, as well as undeveloped characters and underestimate Freeman's and Aniston's roles, total lack of bravery and sarcasm, make it all scarce. But OK, there were few funny moments, and Freeman is always nice to see in any movie, so we can leave three stars.
