I saw this movie in his first week in 1975. I was 13 years old and then I found it enough and a little fun. I then came to discover the WORLD of Doc Savage through the Bantam novels of the old pulp magazine stories. I had no idea of ​​any of Doc's empire, but I quickly became one of the most inventive Doc Savage fans you could ever meet. I've read (and still own) all the Bantam books, and I started with comic book cons (along with Star Trek and Doctor Who and all kinds of geeky fat kid events) and had a wonderful time with every adventure I with Doc and the original Fab 5. Philip Jose Farmer's Book - The Apocalyptic Life of Doc Savage has become a bit of a bible to me and to this day I have very dear feelings about my Doc phase. In such a saying I have to admit years later that this movie really missed the boat. It's a movie that didn't know what it was when it grew up. The script was childless and had little resemblance to the pulp story. These stories from the 30's were short and if one looks at Lester Dent's (AKA Kenneth Robeson) review for their writing, they broke down into PERFECT 3 dramas that screamed for screen processing. One would have thought it would have been with George Pal and Michael Anderson. The spoof elements miss the target and the more serious moments are almost there, but then it falls short. However, it is interesting to see how they hired second-hand character characters (guys who were actually little players and extras for this movie) who freed everyone very well. Of course, Paul Gleason has become a good player in all facets of entertainment and Bill Lucking is a television perennial. All the rest unfortunately fell off the map. I would like to have a copy of this movie because it is the only movie version of my hero, but I fear I won't watch it much, because it's too painful. I would say 0 but I give it 2 out of 10 instead of some of the time art direction (Doc's answering machine at the end was a fine touch) and the throwing of the 3 stingers took a moment in the sun .
