I dug it and watched it tonight. I honestly think it should be 20 years since the last time I saw it. I remember being a seriously defective movie. I don't remember that this is bad! <br /> <br /> I'm scared that a project with so much potential had to be abused so much. Who should I owe this for? The 2 guys who wrote the script (and I use the word rather)? The decisive directors who killed so little terribly 3 main characters in the story? (Only 2 of them are under the "amazing 5".) The director, who clearly refused to take it seriously (I had the theme song - but it should never have been used throughout the movie!) Don Black, who should be chased by some of the lyrics he wrote for that music? <br /> <br /> It shows that I have to stretch it, less than a week after reading the cartoon adjustment. The first 15-20 minutes of the movie more or less (really, little) parallel the first issue of the comic. As I watched it tonight, I wondered - why was every detail changed? Doc pointed out and used his security controller to open the safe and the sniper's bullet was missing 5 inches because the refractory glass was just the same. I mean, if you are going to do an "adjustment", WHY changes in ALL's name? After leaving Doc's HQ, almost nothing like that in the comic was Roy Thomas, I probably watch the book follow). I read somewhere that they actually combined elements of 2 different novels into one movie. Again - WHY? I heard it was changed because they couldn't get the kind of budget they wanted. I look at the movie and think ... NO MONEY IN NO ROAD explaining what I saw on the screen <br /> <br /> You know, when people complain about Joel Schumacher, they really need to look at this thing. The best thing I can say is, I think it would make a great double feature with the 1966 BATMAN feature - and probably a great triple account with that and the 1980 FLASH GORDON. All three movies are "stupid". Maybe we could "blame" the 1966 movie (and TV series) for this. Some supporters have over the years complained that Adam West's BATMAN has destroyed the image of comics in the minds of generations of non-cartoon fans. I think the same can be said for Hollywood. I am reminded of how many really, many movies based on "classic" characters have been made over the years, especially (it seems to me) in the late 70's and early 80's. Charlie Chan, Fu Manchu, Tarzan, Buck Rogers, Flash Gordon, The Lone Ranger - all "killed" by Hollywood types who think, "OH, comic books! So you know it's supposed to be STOMS!" More like them are the "stupid" children. What a waste of potential. <br /> <br /> Let me say a few good things ... Despite the writing and the direction, Ron Ely is GREAT. When I read a DOC SAVAGE story, I don't think of the James Bama paintings, I think of Ely. Bill Lucking (who was regularly on the A team) is great. Eldon Quick (which I saw somewhere else but can't remember where) is great. Paul Gleason - who I absolutely hated with a passion and a revenge in the Breakfast Club ("teachers" like the one he played must be banned from ever learning anywhere), may be the best of the "amazing 5 "in the movie. Pamela Hensley - although her part was almost unrecognizable from the original story - is awesome. Before she dropped her hair, I also realized she had watched a lot of HELL like "Ardala Valmar" from the awful John Calkins BUCK ROGERS strips I just read the other day. She had a big nose like Ardala - just not so pronounced. The comics Ardala actually looked more like the 1936 movie Princess Aura - or Cher. Or maybe Streisand. Take your pick. (Ardala actually had plastic surgery in the George Tuska strips - after that she was beautiful!) Paul Wexler, funny enough, I just saw in a GET SMART episode last week. I wonder if he was something like the character he had to play? I don't know, because that character was probably not in the movie, but the movie took its title.
