After Watergate, Vietnam and the dark days of the Nixon and Jimmy Carter eras, who needed the world, was a good old-fashioned chapter-playing hero who poisoned toxins and malefactors in America from 1936 or the jungles of South America. series of fantastic climbing adventures. Unfortunately, what it did in 1975 was Doc Savage, The Man of Bronze. Perhaps the best that legendary producer George Pal's final film can say is that she has often been beautifully designed, but unfortunately left flat fit of Kenneth Robeson's pulp-paperback novels, probably George Lucas and Phil Kaufman, and said to each other: " We can do better than that, "and add a bullwhip, a battered Fedora and some essential character errors to the mix. <br /> <br /> Much of the problem is that Doc Savage is even harder to write for than Superman in many ways? explorer, adventurer, philanthropist, a scientific and intellectual genius in the brushed pale blonde bulletproof muscle bound body of a Greek God (or rather the form of TVs Tarzan, Ron Ely, a rather dull Charlton Heston clone here), there is simply nothing he can do and no more harm, nothing that can harm him. The man is the virtual incarnation of Hitler's Aryan ubermensch (no surprise that the DVD is only available in Germany!), Albeit with all American values. And if there's ever something he's overlooked (not that ever), he doesn't have one, but five sidekicks in his entourage, the (less than) Fabulous Five. A chemist, an electrician and even an archaeologist I can accept, and on a piece I can even go so far to see the possible need for a construction engineer, but what kind of hero does a criminal lawyer take with him on his adventures? In fact, Doc's brain confidence is probably added because with the hero it is so indifferent and practically perfect in every way ?? even Cryptonite will not dive into it - there must be someone in the story, but with the exception of Paul Gleason they are all so badly thrown and overplayed (like most parts in the movie) I immediately make them all off during the opening titles. The villains don't care better, with Paul Wexler radiating all the threat of a geography teacher like Captain Seas, Scott Walker (no, another one), one of the worst accents of the film (is it Scottish , Irish, Welsh, Greek, Pakistani or a nationality no one ever heard?) While Robin Hilton's Marilyn Monroe-ish stupid blonde moll Paris (no relationship) gives a run for her money in the undisputed bimbo game. <br /> <br /> Even with the disadvantages, it should have been much better to consider the different ingredients ?? lost stems, a pool of gold, a dogfight with a biplane and a deadly venom that is alive, are all wrapped up in a quest to discover why Doc's father was murdered. Unfortunately, this is a matter of tone: in the sixties and seventies, the pulp superheroes were not breeding figures prone to the latest action scenes and special effects, but were treated as somewhat comical figures of low-budget camp fun with action scenes Almost a memory at the cheapest, the movies were pure on the matinee market: you know, for kids. There have been long rumors that the original track was more straightforward ?? and certainly much of the camp value was added in post-production, whether it's the Colgate shine in Doc's eye, the comic captions that identify different styles of battle in the final cluster with Captain Seas or Don Black's gung-ho lyrics to John Philip Sousa's patriotic marches ?? but many were in the movie to start with. It is hard to see how one of the villains' mutual phone calls from a giant rocking crib was ever meant to be anything but a joke that fell flat, while Doc's explanation to Pamela Hensley why he never dates not, girls can be a scene written for Adam West's Batman. Instead, the funniest moments are usually purely unintended, such as Doc showing his sixth sentence by bubbling his Adam's apple. <br /> <br /> Perhaps a bigger problem, while on paper paper, is the action is Handling in an almost relentless worldly way an indigenous assassin on New York skyscrapers roofs or escaping from a yacht full of bad guys. Even the winning idea of ​​animated glowing green snakes floating through the air as they devour their victims fails to gather any enthusiasm from director Michael Anderson: having shown their own inability to perform some scenes earlier, Doc can send them with no more than a chair and an electric fan simply by pulling on the curtains. <br /> <br /> Yet, apart from Doc's various vehicles, all stamped with his logo and looking more cast plastic than bronze, the production design is often quite appealing, even though it is LA obviously LA in New York, while Fred Koenekamp's cinematography ensures that the film often looks good, despite the low budget. And it's good to see a superhero movie that doesn't spend most of its running time on an original story, though one is left with the suspicion that Doc was completely formed from Zeus' loins. <br /> <br /> It's a movie I want more, but it just feels like 100 minutes of lost opportunities. No wonder Doc Savage, The Arch Enemy of Evil, promised the successor so optimally in the end credits, never happened.
