There's nothing amazing about 'The Amazing Mr Williams'. Part of the movie's problem is his lead actor Melvyn Douglas. He was a common actor and lazy with it. For most of his career, he allowed his good looks, a slick way and (usually, but not in this movie), some good scriptwriters to make his lack of acting abilities. I didn't think Douglas as an actor before I knew anything about him as a person; I learned enough from him to know that I was also despising his politics. I give one thing to Melvyn Douglas credit: his chromosomes made the incredibly talented and sexy actress Illeana Douglas. <br /> <br /> Melvyn Douglas made this movie just after the brilliant 'Ninotchka' ... talk about a comedown! "The Amazing Mr Williams" is allegedly a comedy, but I never laughed. Douglas plays a detective detective on the killing group, Kenny Williams. I've never heard of a police detective named Kenny, but if they call him Kenneth Williams ... well, that's a portable one. The whole city is in a panic because a serial killer is going to kill women. No motive is given for this; He likes to kill only women. The mayor (Jonathan Hale, better than usual) calls Williams on the mat to say he couldn't catch the killer. <br /> <br /> SPOILERS APPROACH. The inexpensive, inexplicable and unattractive Joan Blondell plays the mayor's secretary. (She doesn't sound literate enough to write a letter, much less one type.) Blondell and Douglas squabble like a cat and a dog, so it's blatantly obvious that they'll end up together. <br /> <br /> At this film's lowest point, Melvyn Douglas decides to pull out the killer by dressing as a woman. You don't want to see Melvyn Douglas in sleep! He's good about six feet, and he doesn't even shave that annoying mustache. The similar William Powell was an actor very similar to Melvyn Douglas (but much more talented). When Powell disguised herself as a woman in Love Crazy, he had the integrity to shave off his mustache: a sincere sacrifice, as Powell needed to grow back into his next role. But Melvyn Douglas has nothing to do with his role, not even a razor. He plays his drawing art with the same annoying smirk that he used over most of his career. <br /> <br /> On the positive side, the Amazing Mr Williams has several of the beautiful supporting players who made Hollywood's Hollywood movies. the 30s so lovely. Edward Brophy is brilliant here, touching and funny as a criminal who gets an unlikely furlough from his life sentence. The dyspeptic Donald MacBride is as good as a policeman who has gone wrong for the killer, and is almost killed by a gang. Ruth Donnelly is beautiful: as usual for her, but here she gets a chance to show off her talents from her regular run on the Warner Brothers backstroke. Jimmy Conlin, Luis Alberni and the grinning Dave Willock are all well in small roles. Barbara Pepper (who I usually don't like) is also good here. The roughly unpleasant Maude Eburne gets screen time; I always get her, and she gives the same performance in every movie ... but some audiences enjoy Eburne's one-note performance a lot, for reasons I can't understand. <br /> <br /> If you are familiar With Hollywood character characters of the 1930s, and the roles they were playing, a glimpse of IMDb's roll list will tell you who the killer is. This is the problem with 'The Amazing Mr Wiliams': everything is too obvious. I will rate this movie 2 points out of 10.
