Even if you're a big Sandler fan, don't save with this extremely disappointing comedy! I bought this movie for $ 7.99 as it should be at least half-way since my husband Sandler is in it and because I have assumed some women will be naked (judged by the R rating and slenderly dressed women on the cover) . Well, there are quite a few dressed women, but nobody gets naked. I'm not sure what point it was in Sandler's career, but I suspect it was even before his SNL days. I can be wrong. It's like watching one of his home movies. He can look back at a nice movie like this and recall the good cute times ... but we (the audience) are left to dry. It's hardly a "movie"! Sandler talks a lot about the camera, and even acknowledges at one stage that it's not a budget (that's right, not a low-budget movie, a NO budget movie). So our job is pretty much to laugh at the peculiar characters. There is no steady plot, it's like an extensive sketch comedy show - but a rough and poorly written one. The guy who played the nasty comedian was completely annoying and it was impossible to receive such a mass in the first place. And Sandler finds his comic inspiration by saying one classic Henny Youngman line: "Take my wife, please" and the audience is on the floor? I'm not even going to try to make any logic here. Certainly, Sandler's current and recent movies are not known for making much sense (the penguin in Billy Madison, the mid-day in Happy Gilmore's Happy Place), but the comedy works. It's a strict amateur work, and even if you're curious about Adam's early days in film, you're still not interested. You're better off getting started on SNL or maybe watching its underrated role in "Mixed Nuts". Of course, the Sandman is not the only actor to be wasted in this incredible vehicle. Billy Bob Thornton also makes a brief appearance, Billy Zane ("Titanic") has a supporting role and the great Burt Young (of the "Rocky" movies) plays an important role. <br /> <br /> This awful comedy is likely to collect dust on the 99 central rental area of ​​your local video store - and rightly so. <br /> <br /> My Score: 3 (out of 10)
