Hollywood has now officially gone too far and I really hope this tribulation of a movie creates a real blow to their crap machines, despite the good cash returns. If you're a business person reading our comments, look for tips on what to do next. Stop making our TV shows in this repulsive, stupid, money-wasting waste of time-watching movies. In doing so, you prove one thing: Hollywood is out of ideas, and looks at the movies they watch, but only the cycle of disgust. What's next? You're going to ruin the Bionic Man? <br /> <br /> The movie is simply wrong and drives the most stupid, simple fact of the show completely wrong by forgetting (or ignoring) that Tom Wopat and John Schneider's Bo & Luke Duke * REFORMED * moonshiners were . They were disturbed, learned their lesson, went straight and were there to help people and be good neighbors who just happened to shoot dynamite arrows from the hunt of bows and drive like Steve McQueen. Denver Pyle's uncle Jessie was also the moral center of the family, insisting that the boys do well even at their own expense or embarrassment while making sandwiches and coffee when the tasks were done. They always did the right thing and had some sort of serious naive about those who were pretty attractive. We wanted to be more like them, as we were, sorta. My favorite wink of the show was how they always put their seat belts before they burned. It was obviously too moral for this movie. <br /> <br /> Changing the Duke family in a pack of learning, wisecracking, criminally minded Redneck baiting, misogynistic losers, the film has no moral point of view, where the show is all about how honest or inexorable the Dukes was. Are the Duke boys in this movie supposed to get such good guys? I wanted to push them both in the nose. They have a lot of free time on their hands, which can be restored on the farm, back on the farm and eventually less than noble ends, if they do not act like a 14-year-old boy who did not grow up. No marijuana should be used, no buxoma, nubile coeds and their breasts, no shenanigans that include the Brothers in da Hood. Everything looks like the work of a marketing consultant who has taken a poll in the mall of what 14-year-old boys like to see in movies. The problem is that 14-year-old boys may not be able to remember the show. IMHO should also not see this movie, and the parents who can feel nostalgia for the show will be disgusted by what writers, directors and producers have done to our collective memories. Just to share our money, which is exactly how I feel. What did they think ??? <br /> <br /> And the boy got them * EVER * Daisy. Jessica Simpson, all rolled up like a Pamela Anderson shopping mall, can be the only reason for someone to see these shame, but you can only do your best to print some promotional photos of her, print them and sticking them in the toilet. She's hardly in the movie (that's the only saving grace of the movie), and the ten minutes or what she used to do was still excessive. Catherine Bach's Daisy might have had the same kind of shorts, and long legs that make people feel funny just look at her, but the Daisy she played was a * PERSON *. The pratfalls she evoked by merely being what she was, had an almost natural ring to it. She remains one of the most outrageous sexy pop culture icons ever created, but there was someone at home. And above all she was a lovely, caring person who couldn't help it if the guys went Ga Ga over her. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, Jessica Simpson appears to be false, confronted, made up, cummed, put, distant, bored, out of place, and I don't think she looks so good at the outfit. She did not look like a person, but a plot device, acting during an agreement with someone representing her agent. Mrs. Simpson would be well advised to immediately fire that person and pretend that the whole thing had never happened. Whatever the joke is, she is not up to it and is scandalously exploited for T&A. If this is all she wants from her career, the CEO will produce the successor if it's just enough to ensure your screen-time. because this effort was just pathetic. <br /> <br /> The bottom line is SKIP IT. For the cost of two tickets and a Slurpee to go, you can pick one from Warner Bros. Excellent boxing collections of the original shows on DVD and the whole family can see them together. That was why it worked. The only real purpose I can see in the movie may be the future use as an interrogator in Guantanamo Bay. Twenty minutes of this and they will sing a choir. <br /> <br /> 1/10, and I mean it. And stay hell away from the bionic man, you sknooks.
