In Hazzard County, Georgia, cousins ​​Bo and Luke Duke (Scott, Knoxville) and their cousin Daisy Duke (Jessica Simpson) run moonshine by their uncle Jesse (Willie Nelson) while avoiding the local authority, Boss Hog (Burt Reynolds). Their trouble with the boss only starts when they learn he is appreciating my village for valuable ore found beneath it. <br /> <br /> I've never seen the TV show and after watching the movie, I'm not going to start soon. I like stupid comedies, but this one didn't have much laughter. It was a rather dull picture with the first hour very hard to go through. The second part was a little better, but this movie was another missed opportunity. The film focuses on Bo and Luke far too much. The characters in general were not very interesting and the actors they portrayed did not do a very good job. <br /> <br /> The acting wasn't very good. I didn't expect it to be good in the first place, but none of the prospects was very funny. Seann William Scott and Johnny Knoxville both give average achievements. The latter was pretty good as Stifler, but he was trying too hard here. The latter just seems to be looking for a salary and nothing else. Jessica Simpson is not known for her acting, nor is she really known for her singing. She is known for having her own reality show and saying for really stupid things. She's pretty, but she's a bad actor. It doesn't matter, because she doesn't really appear in the movie and the character she plays is not complex or anything. Willie Nelson also has a small role and he does nothing special. <br /> <br /> The screenplay was written by John O'Brien and he made two films for the Dukes or Hazzard. The first one was Cradle to the Grave, which was good. The second one was Starsky and Hutch who were very funny. He doesn't do a good job here, as the story is a mess. He also forgot to add jokes and some other things that would make this movie work better. The movie is also pretty long for a comedy. Okay, 106 minutes is not exactly long, but it feels so much longer, because there is very little humor in the first hour. I think the comedies should be kept short or else they have to find a lot of material to cover the total running time. The dukes of Hazzard barely have enough funny gags to leave it for thirty minutes, leaving 106 minutes. The car ranges were average and they didn't save an already turbulent movie. Eventually, Dukes or Hazzard can appeal to a few people, but most people will probably find it boring and it's better if you just skip it. Rating 4/10
