Movie entertainment of old TV shows today seems to be the norm in Hollywood, but this disrespectful toilet noise, socializing with your mouth-dirty language, rip-off is a blatant middle finger to all Dukes of Hazzard fans both north and south of the Mason-Dixon line. From the opening sequence of Bo and Luke Duke, a moonshine run for Uncle Jesse (no shine in the show because it would put the boys in jail as a parole offense) made the closing order of Uncle Jesse smoking with the governor of Georgia (uncle Jesse was the moral compass despite his previous ways). This disappointing waste of film is an open insult. I can't tell you how many parents I've seen, get up and remove their children from the theater within the first 15 minutes of the movie, when they realized they were terribly misled. The original dukes of Hazzard were a family program with basic moral values. The original dukes of Hazzard were a children's safe, Hemi-powered, fun entertainment that parents should not worry about teaching their children George Carlin's seven words. I read reviews stating that the show and the movie are nothing more than racist. These connections may be right over the movie. These places are completely wrong about the show. The show, like anything, was about getting together and being with someone. Hollywood eventually came publicly for their disdain for those of us, Yankee, Rebel or otherwise, who still believe in honor, loyalty, trust, family and the right thing, even if it is not the popular thing. Hollywood has finally revealed its belief that those of us in the heartland are dumb, uneducated, beer swilling, dirty mouth, garbage that any piece of garbage will buy that they are willing to sell. Prove the Hollywood Elitist that they are wrong. Don't see this movie. Boycott the sponsors. Fill out Warner Bros. email and snail box with complaints we don't appreciate, and destroy one of the biggest TV shows of all time. Save your money and buy the DVDs from the original show, but whatever you do ?? Don't see this movie
