Sometimes in 1998, Saban acquired the rights to produce a brand new Ninja Turtles live action series. Of course, as a fan of TMNT back in the day, it obviously reached my interest. So when I started to watch the show ... to say I was disappointed with the end result, it's an understatement. A few times later (more like recently) I had the opportunity to visit the series. <br /> <br /> First, let's talk about some of the positives. They managed to rebuild the Turtles' lair, as last seen in the movies, pretty well given the limited budget they had put into it. This darker atmosphere tends to be overall in terms of sets and what not. And the Turtle fits, while not the biggest piece of puppetry, and which wasn't functional and looks pretty solid for most action items in the series. People tend to complain about getting rid of Shredder quickly and replacing him with these original villains who could easily be used in a Power Rangers show. But you can only beat Shredder so many times before it gets boring and undermines its value as a villain ... and besides, most fans do not recognize or remember or simply the fact that they were in the original comic, the Shredder was in the whole first problem! Remember the countless rebellions that would follow. So in a personal way I was so glad they got rid of Shredder, because then the expectation would build up to the point where they would bring him back later in a later episode. I find Shredder working in small quantities the best, because then his meetings with the Turtles are becoming more and more memorable. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, they end up with these original villains who, as said, were more suited to a Power Rangers show as a Ninja Turtles show. And with these new magic-wielding generics comes a new female magic-wielding tortoise, the infamous Venus De Milo. I'll be honest; I never got comfortable with her. I'm not against the idea of ​​a female tortoise; I'm just against the idea of ​​one using magic and so sticking out like a sore face under a group of ninja tortoises that look slightly out of their domain. I almost get the impression that it could easily be the Venus De Milo show that deals with her beloved enemies, and the TMNT is just there to provide the strength (or remain on the basis of the time frame it was released). Fortunately, they all share the spotlight. <br /> <br /> After a season, the next mutation was airborne and the creators were more than happy to ignore it. Given time and perhaps another season, I really believe that this living TMNT iteration could have been something and could possibly have a chance for greatness. But while the idea was healthy, the performance was flawed (though there are some good episodes in this series). As it stands, Next Mutation is one of those peculiarities in Turtledom that is best left and buried.
