Dr. Hackenstein began to be precise at the turn of the last century, '1909 the beginning of modern medical science'. Dr. Eliot Hackenstein (David Muir) is in the early stages of rejuvenating living tissue experiments. Dr. Hackenstein drives a molten gear back to life confirming that he has succeeded in bringing the dead back. It's now "Three Years Later" and Dean Slesinger (Micheal Ensign) is around the Doc's home for dinner. Like Dean Slesinger and Dr. Eat Hackenstein, they talk about Hackenstien's experiments after which Dean Slesinger is always opposed. Dr. Hackenstein shows Dean Slesinger his lab on his attic where he kills the torn head of his wife, Sheila (Sylvia Lee Baker) in an unfortunate 'accident' and can talk telepathically to him (Christy Botkin apparently provides Sheila's voice). Dr. Hackenstein also shows Dean Slesinger a roasted chicken running around in a cage and declaring that he will bring Sheila alive again with the process he developed. The Dean has some kind of seizure and apparently dies. Meanwhile, sisters Wendy (Bambi Darro as Dyanne DiRossario) and Leslie Trilling (Catherine Davis Cox), as well as their brother Alex (John Alexis) and their cousin Melanie Victor (Stacey Travis) ride along Hackenstein's home when they crash, looking for shelter and help Come arrive at Hackenstein's threshold. Dr. Hackenstein invites the four stranded travelers to stay for the night. Later, Dr. Hackenstein visits by two grave robbers, Xavier (Logan Ramsey) and Ruby Rhodes (Ann Ramsey) who deliver a male body when Hackenstein actually needs female parts for Sheila. Dr Hackenstein is the genius he decides not to waste the opportunity to have three young beautiful monsters available and starts borrowing the pieces he needs to complete Sheila. <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Richard Clark. I was pleasantly surprised by dr. Hackenstein. I will now notice that it is not brilliant by any imagination, but for what it was, I actually willingly did it. It moves at a reasonable rate, even though it tends to drag a little while it is in the middle. The script tries to mix a slapstick humor like a scene when dr. Hackenstein tries to print Melanie. She tries to get the attention of his deaf housekeeper, Yolanda Simpson (Catherine Cahn), by kicking and Hackenstein holding Melanie behind Yolanda's back, which is apparently unaware. after what happens, with a touch of gore, but I want to say Dr. Hackenstein is more of a comedy than horror in conception and feels right through. There are also some tough points and sexual insinuation that are always good, dr. Hackenstein, Wendy, "wants to see my instruments" as an example. I also thought the scene was Mrs. Trilling (Phyllis Diller) reporting her missing daughter to murdered detective, Olin (William Schreiner), was a very amusing series to talk to and talk about why he wasn't looking for them, even though he was just tell me why the cell does not have a prisoner in it and if he does not find the cousin, he should not worry. Not one of them is flat-laughed, but I have to admit I smiled and found the movie as a whole to be silent. There is not much on the screen, some cut limbs, Sheila's decomposed head, some medical stitching and the genitals that are definitely fake. I also like the characters in Dr. Hackenstein, which in itself was surprising. The acting is not brilliant, but to give credit to everyone, they put a lot of effort into it, very excessive facial movements and some serious offenses mean that it is never tired, and the three birds in Dr. Hackenstein is fit if you know what I mean. Technically, the movie is also OK, and it won't win Oscars again, but at least I have to give the filmmakers some credit to try to pull off the turn of the century. It doesn't always work, the clothes are sometimes in conflict. The girls look like them from Victorian England while the guys look like a Western. The house looks like all the filmmakers have done it, a modern object has been removed from the room and a few candles in it! It's about a bit on the cheap side, but it's not really a bad movie. Could have done music without the comedy. Overall I enjoyed Dr Hackenstein much more than I thought, but it is not a recommendation in itself. It's certainly not the best comedy horror movie ever made and it certainly isn't the worst. A viewable, enough piece of harmless fun.
