Apparently there is a very good reason why I never heard before "Dr Hackenstein" in front of me and a few friends accidentally knocked over it and decided to give it a chance. That is why it sucks! It is a very senseless, dull, incomprehensible and totally uncomfortable horror comedy / parody. Actually, to be honest, I'm not even sure it's meant to be a comedy, because sometimes the writing takes itself quite seriously and is really trying to be a very ambitious and original late 80's horror attempt. In the year 1909, in the beginning of a new era in medical science according to the opening round, Dr. Elliot Hackenstein exactly three women? No more, no less ?? to repair his beloved wife he accidentally killed. She's just a lively head, but the dumb body judges only offer male gifts. So when dr. Hackenstein cries out: "I need three female bodies to bring back my wife," his words are not even cold, and only three young women (and one very annoying northern child) appear wonderfully. Why doesn't it happen to me? "I need a bunch of sexy, turbulent women to fill my empty harem !!!" ?? See, nothing! Anyway, the good doctor sees his wish fulfilled, but unfortunately? for science what is ?? He develops sympathy for one of the three girls. "Dr. Hackenstein" is a lame film that tries to address the success of "Re-Animator" and even some of the comic aspects of those classics, such as a split head that speaks one-liners, steals . It's easy to see why this movie is never mentioned anywhere, as it doesn't appeal to the horror or comedy genre. The funniest character is undoubtedly the haunting female tombster Ruby; depicted by the anti-cherubic Anne Ramsey. 80's horror buffs will definitely remember her from Wes Craven's "Deadly Friend", where she played the nasty old hag neighbor overwhelmed by a basketball. "Dr. Hackenstein" is thought to occur in the early 1900's, but there is almost no attempt to restore the atmosphere of the era (except perhaps for some cars). Dr. Hackenstein's laboratory is a sturdy cliché 80's set, with all kinds of smoky kettles and fluorescent color test tubes.
