The Haunting, if you've seen the original, you know a great ghost story, it's perfection on film. It's a haunting story of 4 people going into a haunted house and frightening people with the simple trick of sound and movement. It remains effective until today if you appreciate film. So when The Haunting was recreated in 1999, many people had the same reaction: "WHAT? WHY? WHAT?" But in my opinion, if a remake is respectful enough and just want to rediscover the story for the new generation, I'm pretty cool with it. This is certainly not the case, it's just an irreverent boring shame that will waste your time and I guarantee, will not frighten? Pfft! PG-13, what they think? Not much apparent. <br /> <br /> When her mother dies and her sister points out, Nell receives a phone call and tells her an advertisement for an insomnia study conducted by Dr. David Marrow at Hill House, a secluded manor. . On arrival, Nell meets Mr. A wife. Dudley, a strange couple of caretakers who don't stay on the property after dark. Shortly thereafter, two other participants in the study, Wild Theo and the "Bad Sleeper", come along with Dr. Marrow. Unknown to the participants, Doctor Marrow's true goal is to study the psychological response to fear. Every night, the caretakers seated the gate outside Hill House, preventing anyone from coming in and out until the morning when the caretakers opened the lock. There are no working phones in Hill House and the nearest town is a few miles away. Doctor Marrow reveals the story of Hill House. Built by Hugh Crain, Crain built the house for his wife. He hopes to fill it with a large family of children, but all Crain's children died at birth. Crain's wife killed her before the house was finished, and Crain fell asleep. The first night, Theo and Nell begin to experience strange phenomena inside the home, including strange noises and unexplained temperature changes. Nell is confronted after the main hallway with the words "Welkom Home, Eleanor" has been vandalized and extremely distressed, proving that the house is haunted by the souls of those who are victimized by Crain's brutality. She learns that Crain built his fortune by exploiting abducted children for slavery and killing them when they didn't use him any more. He then burned the bodies in the house's fireplace to hide any evidence. She also teaches that Crain had a second wife named Carolyn, from whom Nell descended. Everyone thinks she's crazy while Nell is convinced it's where she belongs. <br /> <br /> Seriously, I suggest you stay away from this movie, it's really stupid and useless. Not to mention the actress who played the Nell, Lili Taylor totally annoyed me, her performance, her appearance, all about her, not making me the beginning of things I would just do to film her again not see. Catherine Zeta Jones has just adapted to her role and Liam Neeson, a wonderful actor, has lost talent again. The effects are over and over computerized, I just can't believe they will rub a great classic with this litter. Believe me, if you're scared of something, be scared to see how you can turn a big ghost story into an annoying piece of disturbed stupid. Oh, this movie already hurts me, don't see it, it's bad. <br /> <br /> 1/10
