For anyone who has seen and fell in love with stage music A CHORUS LINE, the movie is an unashamed substitute. Not only were songs cut, but unnecessary plots were added, new dance series choreographed, and let's face it, Richard Attenborough just doesn't know how to do movie dancers. <br /> <br /> Onstage, Michael Bennett's A CHORUS LINE was just that: Michael Bennett. His idea, his choreography, his direction, his gift to Broadway and the rest of the world. It was two hours of stubborn realism that really made you feel like these "boys" and "girls". However, the film has no empathy and depth: the actors look like auditioning for a KOORLINE rather than actually auditioning. Every step of the dialogue looks so weighted and planned; Michael Douglas, especially, because Zach is also in charge of us to believe that he is this extremely thick choreographer. Even when he throws his temper tantrums, you never believe him right, because every gesture, every accented word, every nuance is so clearly rendered. And don't dance to him: Kevin Kline audition for Zach's role on Broadway. Michael Bennett loved his lecture, but Kline couldn't dance and eventually lost the part. How do I wish they did the same to Douglas! A KOORLINE is supposed to be a show on nobodies, and apart from a few recognizable faces (Vicki Frederick, who played Cassie on Broadway, such as Sheila and Khandi Alexander, from TV's NewsRadio, as one of the many auditions dancers) Not supposed to know any of these people. Because you know these people. Having a star in any of the roles is a terrible decision: if you focus on Michael Douglas and his ranting instead of the girls and boys on the line and their stories, you lose something. <br /> <br /> It's really unfortunate that the best order in the show (Montage: Hello Twelve, Hello Thirteen, Hello Love) is drastically cut to make way for a terrible new song called Surprise, Surprise, which surprisingly received a nomination at the Oscars. Cassie's "mirror dance" has a new song and tragically boring choreography - one wonders why they are bothering to shoot a movie version if they waste so much with a working formula. <br /> <br /> For fans of the music theater and those enjoying the stage version, this movie is a sad mockery of all that they cherished and loved. For those who never had to see the original production, either on Broadway or on tour, this movie is the only reference they should go. And they will have to wonder just how it has become the longest musical in Broadway history - until a small show called CATS overtook it in the late 1990s. But that's another story, and don't even make me there.
