I'm not a stage syndicator. A movie could be made from this play, and it will almost necessarily require changes ... comme ci, comme ca. But the modest expectations of this material are lost or misunderstood by the film's creators who are in full-on-level sampling mode. It would be difficult to imagine a worse director. Perhaps only Josh Logan & Jack Warner ruined it in the same way as Attenborough. <br /> <br /> Onstage A choreline was a triumph of workshop as a production method. Dancers who have answered a decisive call have found themselves shooting the crap about their stage career experiences (many 70s!). Then Bennett and Hamlisch took some time, handed them a song and threw them as themselves. ... amazing! Incredibly modern. The 'story' of ACL is (in turn) about answering a decisive call for a play in which we never have a full view, because the game doesn't matter. It was meta before the idea was invented, 25 years before adapting it with a similar idea. ACL was also another in a reductive trend that is still alive, and which is a feature of modern creativity: that technique itself is compelling ... that there is more drama in an average person's life than you ever have with inventing characters could synthesize. What a gracious idea. The stage play has one show area (an empty stage) and three different ways to change the background, to ease visual tedium, not to distract viewers. The space disappears and the actress stories are provoked. It worked just fine. That was the point. All these ideas are trampled or bastardized. Intentionally there was not one, and no costumes, until the dancers came out for their final bows, in which the exciting "One" was eventually performed powerfully in full (golden) hats and tails. We acknowledge that we have looked at this in practice sessions. The pent up anxiety of the play is released --- and audiences have nuts. <br /> <br /> After Grampa tackled it, it's like a stuffed, strangled bird. He clearly has the previous, respected Al who had Jazz (and Fosse's stage play Dancin ') in mind, as he made his choices. Hamlisch's score was edgy and interesting for the time, but time was not so cool. It's as slender as "jazz hands." And that is before Attenborough ever touches it. He is remarkable to find what is good and to miss it. <br /> <br /> Attenborough could have helped a simple question while filming it: "Can I even spend a few minutes with people like this?" An important issue for any adaptation of the play is how the 4th theater wall (absent from the theater) will be addressed in the movie format. There has never been a more frontal play. The answer they received was, "I'm sorry. What was the question?" The cast is enhanced by a manageable number of unique narratives, to a crowd that suffocates each other and the audience and their grating together. I was beyond my annoyance threshold when that annoying little boy swung across the stage on a rope clinging to the (absent) hearing. The play understood your theater people. Perhaps Broadway's annoying trend of characters going directly to the center and singing their stories to the audience (Les Miz, Miss Saigon) instead of other characters. here. But the worst imaginable revival of the play will make you more alive than this movie. <br /> <br /> A Chorus Line is pure watch.
