On Broadway, a choral line was pure magic. The second time, the show opened with a spectacular energy break to the real grand finale, a joyful curtain call from all the choristers we grew to love during the show. We were totally engaged - caught by the intense personal stories, a few funny, some clever, a little bit of a chorus. The movie is completely different. The focus is now on the director - and what is his mind! Every time the movie switches to Michael Douglas, he shouts and shouts with a bitter, sour expression that pours out questions and commands when he gets the chance. Yikes !! It changes the dynamics of the story. On Broadway, the director was actually a tremendous off-line presence, but he was also a theater tool to tell the stories of these incredibly strong / fragile / intriguing / hilarious chorus members with insight and clarity. There is a reason why this work won the Pulitzer Prize! And actually in one of the only moments the director appears, he's there to comfort the young Puerto Rican dancer after we hear that dancer's heartbreaking story. He appeared again to finally express his sincere love for Cassie. But in the movie, the second Douglas' director starts bitter orders, the stories of the choir's members become secondary. It's as if they are in a lazy profession, where a proud director, instead of giving the joy of creating a new thrilling spectacle, is apart, exhausted, outraged to audition these choristers. On stage there was ALWAYS the excitement of the show. Here in the movie almost from the word, you feel sorry for everyone involved. In the course of the musical, we desperately wanted each of those choristers and how happy we would have been if they all got the job! But of course this can't happen. But in the Finals when they all returned in glorious costumes with the miraculous mirrors on the stage, which we sometimes see in the audience, in our hearts, and we also know in the hearts of all the choir members who both accepted and rejected was on stage forever dancing in a profession they loved so much, bringing magic to the theater. In the movie, after all the misplaced story lines and emphasis, the magic is completely diluted. All we feel (even with the exact same curtain call) is that some of the members got a job with a moderate director. So everyone comes to the screen and dance again. Great story.
