For those who have never seen a KOORLINE on stage and their only exposure to the story, this movie is good like movie music, nothing special, just OK. I watched the show 4 times on Broadway and even agreed for a show of the show and for someone who has fairly memorized the original production, the 1985 movie version is so terrible at so many levels that I don't even know where to go. start. First of all, for those who have never harassed a theater production, I can assure you that IRL never asks you personal auditions for a play, director, producer and choreographer and don't give a reason why you wanted to don't have to become an artist. An actual theater audition, whether for a play or musical instrument, rarely takes more than five minutes. If you audition as a dancer, you get one 64-bar dance combination once, you do it and then decide immediately if you are in or out. Michael Bennett's original concept of the show was to flesh out the lives of dancers and to passionate for the uninitiated and why so much for so little sacrifice. The play is about these dancers. First, director Richard Attenborough took so much attention from the dancers to devour the Cassie / Zach relationship and throw Michael Douglas as Zach. In the play you never see Zach ... he is just a voice in the back of the theater and his relationship with Cassie is barely touched. Cassie got in the taxi in the traffic and tried to get to the audition and talk to Larry (a character not even in the play) was all added to the movie and put so much focus on what the story was about . Great musical numbers were cut or reconsidered. The opening number in the play "I hope I get it" shows all the dancers a jazz and ballet combination and then people are eliminated. In the movie, they hold three hundred dancers and in the near future show them the fact that they have been playing people in the film, which cannot dance (you can say "Audrey Landers"). "Goodbye 12, Goodbye 13, Hello Love", a brilliant vocal exploration of these dancers' childhood's mysterious memories, is processed as "Surprise, Surprise" mainly a late Gregg Burge as Richie vehicle. The show's best-known song, "What I Did for Love", which was a touching allegory in the show, sung by the entire scroll about what they give to dance is just another standard love song in the movie, exhausted. by Allyson Reed as Cassie. Jeffrey Hornaday's choreography for the film is boring and unattractive and does not hold a candle on Michael Bennett's original spectacle and when you make a movie about dancers, the choreography must be special. There are some good dancers in the film, the formerly mentioned Gregg Burge as Richie, Michelle Johnston as Bebe and Janet Jones as Judy, but they hardly get the opportunity to show what they can do, but Audrey Landers, who can hardly walking and chewing gum at the same time, one of the show's best numbers is given, "Dance 10, Looks 3." I will admit that the final, "One" is brilliant, but you have to wait nearly two hours for it. I would say that if you never saw a KOORLINE on stage, this movie might be worth it, but if you are devoted to the original Broadway musical ... be scared ... be very scared .
