*** This post contains SPOILER (S) *** <br /> <br /> I'm not a big fan of Chuck Norris as an actor, but I worship him in every other way. He also has his own fan site with "Chuck Norris facts" which is really entertaining. But this movie looks like someone was talking to the audience and putting all the "facts" in one movie. I really don't remember when I wasted my time more than with this "action". I don't know what is the worst thing this movie can offer you: original and thousand-time sites that are trying to smuggle the US by smuggling smuggling Nuke on American soil or perhaps those "big" dialogues and Chucks words of wisdom the life. and everything else. Someone may find that terrorists actually speak English in everyday life. This is an unceasing list of crap. Not to mention a large amount of archive material used in film, it is a bit irritating. The chief terrorist sends his co-messenger message through the media when he is caught and the only man smart enough to see the surprise is: Of course, Chuck Norris. No one else in America is not smart enough to see it! And the whole action in capturing the head is just ridiculous. One man is sent to go through a whole terrorist camp. UNARMED (I lie, he has a KNIFE), escapes his stalkers with JET PACK and then para glide for several hundred, maybe even a thousand miles to the nearest coast (Afghanistan is 450 km away from the nearest coast), where he is rescued by submarine. I was hoping at least fighting scenes would be good, but it's even more fun than the plot. If you didn't know, 85% of terrorists are masters of some martial arts, but Chuck and CO beat the k * t out of them. Not only do they kill them easily, they can kick and throw it away with a single move and the bad guys fly a few meters like dolls. You may ask me I watched this movie to the end? I have. Why? Because I just wanted to see who, of these two superheroes, would defuse the nuclear bomb of a few hundred megatones and the size of a MICROWAVE. And then I realized what a fool I was. This is of course Chuck's movie. And not only did he defuse himself with tweezers, but he did it - TWO! I can write a book about all the stupid things in this movie, but I'll spray my life. <br /> <br /> So, makers of this movie have made another Chuck Norris fact on its site: Can Chuck Norris defuse nuclear bomb? Yes and he can do it twice!
