Filming an 80-year-old horror movie called 'Hot Blooded', the director is brutally murdered and the leading lady is scarce because she survives the attack and manages to kill the killer. After all, the production is abandoned and the stock roles are left to collect dust. So a group of filmmakers decided to pick up where the film left, even though they were warned by people to keep away from the film. The last person interested in the movie got up in the theater while watching the movie. This is marked as a cursed production. Not to take the warnings seriously, the crew continues the production and gets the original star of the movie to return from Hollywood to repeat its role, but not as the daughter, but the mother. But again, the murders start with the movie and crew slaughtered by an unknown figure dressed as the killer of the movie. <br /> <br /> See what 'Scream' started! Hey, I enjoy those movies, but mostly everything that followed is annoying and meaningful excuses. At this stage, the subgenre came back with revenge, but it was not much of a good thing, as they were mostly unsuccessful and inexorable efforts, following the derived pattern of the Scream franchise. "Cut" which is an independent Australian approach to the textbook is scarce dirt, which basically lacks everything and flops shamelessly every other player. But you know what, I found it a strange joy. Yes, it is terrible and highly forgotten, but it is a bit of good cheap fun while it lasted. Although I hated it when I originally came across it, but the second time I knew what I was doing and it worked better. It was like helping me with a nice slice of cheesecake, but this time it wasn't so good. <br /> <br /> The movie came out about the same time as 'Scream 3' and 'Urban Legends: The Final Cut', which follows all three of the same structure to use a movie in a movie. Of course, 'Scream 3' is the strongest of the three, but I would actually look at Urban Legends: The Final Cut. Although, it seems more of a throw back to the 80's slides than that of one of Scream's bastard offspring. Virtually the film is given b-degree treatment and it occurs in the script and performances. The dialogue is truly unattractive and hardly comes up with any surprises and tensions. While the performances were mocked and Molly Ringwald took the crown for it. She plays the scrubbing actress who returns to complete the cursed movie and had fun with her laughing ridiculous driving performance. She offers the bite here and perfect it. The rest were mostly recognizable Australian TV stars (that is if you're an Australian) with a surprising Jessica Napier leading the movie Stephen Curry and Frank Roberts. Also pop singer (and suppose actress) Kylie Minogue makes a cameo appearance in the opening just to be hacked! Nice. These teens mostly follow the formula of horny and dull children who can do nothing better than to kill. Sometimes they feel they are just waiting in the waiting, because they have no real content to be there. <br /> <br /> The plot starts quite interestingly, and then in a riddle, where red herring pops up, but then makes a sudden turn where it becomes a somewhat satire on the horror genre. Simply, it's tough and if it comes to the explanation for all this insanity, was I kind of left thinking? oh my. This when it cleverly tries to turn itself, but unfortunately it falls along the way. But don't just like an opening ending. It also sports some cultural references and a self-referring, tongue-in-cheek approach. Predictability comes early in the road and the jokes can sometimes be dismissed, but it knows it by making a bit of fun. The atmosphere lost a bit of brilliance due to the humor that took away the darkness, but still the isolated big old house where they were filming had some neat touch that added some haunting. The scene was also done pretty well. <br /> <br /> Now we know we want us to want this kind of movie, but unfortunately there is no nudity to find and the gore is pretty standard, or missing, but it is more than decent for such a low-budget flick. There are one or two creative deaths, but the rest are systematic. The murderer wasn't bad, but when he talked it got so bad I thought. Well, the smart-ass attitude didn't put me off well. Another note of the production, which was far from the cut-off editing, out-of-place soundtrack and Kimble Rendall's direction, was lacking and was rather indifferent, but these contributing factors all add up to some sort of pure entertainment add all these things. bad. <br /> <br /> The imagination is consistent with the budget that is certain, but this bad skater didn't try to be anything else. Pure schlock that is almost amusing!
