I have to admit that I laughed a few times during this trivial 2004 holiday movie, but it's already my short-term memory. Ben Affleck, once a promising comic character actor who has been devastated in the Hollywood publicity machine, has made a fast-paced career in tabloid obsession to make himself a romantic leading man. To judge from this movie, it does not seem as if the transformation is going on, as he will still miss the gravitas that make him credible in such parts. While his friend Matt Damon plays clever roles in films like "Syriana", Affleck appears in this kind of commercial porridge. At least, the superficial character of successful but solitary advertising executives Drew Latham Affleck is better than most other roles he has tried. <br /> <br /> Directed by Mike Mitchell (whose best-known movie is 1999's Deuce Bigelow: Man Gigolo ") and written by no less than four screenwriters (always a bad sign), turn the thin plot around character's need to hire a family living in his youth home to live out his fantasy of the old-fashioned Christmas he never had, the concept is intriguing because something is said about the cathartic release of sentimentality, we is all about to feel holiday in the midst of celebrated commercialism, but the real problem is that the movie feels like an extensive sketch without any logic or authentic emotional resonance, and Affleck seems to be overly trying to desperately love but the net result is an exhausting turn by an actor who has an increasingly annoying habit of playing stupid people in bad designs. Fortunately, like James Gandofini and Catherine O'Hara the Valcos, the couple who decide to accept Drew's monetary offer as if he were his parents. <br /> <br /> Gandolfini plays Tom like a gruff, not a violent relative of Tony Soprano, but he does what he can in the role. From her classic SCTV days to Christopher Guest's cartoons, O'Hara is always a cartoon, regardless of the vehicle, and she deserves the best laugh as Tom's wife, Christine, whether it's a one-liner or a thumb of makeup for a dominatrix photo shoot. In what her standard screen role is, Christina Applegate plays their negligent daughter Alicia, who of course becomes Drew's love interest. In spite of a few good moments where she enjoys Drew's sister's fraud before his girlfriend's family, her character seems to turn into lightning strokes that make it difficult to see what Drew would see in her. The story is completely out of control by the last third with one confronted situation lying on top of the others until plot strings are tied in short sequence. It is rumored that much of the film has been improvised as it has not been written. It shows, but I also have to admit that I was holding on to the bitter side.
