I get the feeling that those who were involved in making "Christmas Christmas" didn't think much about the movie. The characters are so inconsistent and the plot makes so little sense that the movie has played like a rough concept of a scrap that is thrown together, but the one-liner concept of a rich man who pays a family to spend him at Christmas. /> <br /> Ben Affleck depicts Drew Latham, the typical Hollywood image of a rich, selfish advertising executive who buys life through life. His girlfriend, Missy, left him shortly before Christmas because she was disgusted that Drew wanted to take her to Fiji for Christmas, which she calls the "family vacation" and that Drew never introduced her to his family. We later discovered that Drew's father was away when he was 4, and his mother was dead, so it's a mystery why he not only says he has no family, rather than having his girl believe he is not. Caring for his family. <br /> <br /> For fear of being alone on Christmas, Drew discovers Missy's shrinkage (why? I have no idea), pretending to make a forgiveness ritual at his home. When he lives the family living in his youth home, the Valcos, Drew offers them $ 250,000 to pretend to be his family, so that he can relive his sweet memories of memories. He gets angry if he later finds out that they have an adult daughter, Alicia (Christina Applegate), because he "doesn't have a sister" and even goes so far to write a script for the family so they can follow more like his "real" family. Nothing of this makes sense if Drew revealed that he had grown up with no family, but also his mother. <br /> <br /> Also inexplicable is the character of Alicia, who is annoyed that her family has accepted Drew's money and refuses to play with his fantasy. But for no good reason, she suddenly starts out like Drew, and in a matter of minutes he goes off his hat to act like his girlfriend. Drew is such a full blow through the film that even his sad story of the lonely Christmages of his childhood does not call for sympathy; I almost wish he had finished, "Just joke! The real reason I don't see my family is that they all have my orders against me!" (2/10)
