I think this movie is a bit overestimated here. There are a few things to admire in it; For one thing it deserves credit to be a science fiction (ish) movie that relies on its story instead of special effects and action series to wear the day. The supportive role is good, the set design and filmmaking are good, and the ideas are interesting enough (although it's a bit tired of the very mediocre Dark City / Memento / Fight Club clones of the past year). But the film is undone by poor characterization, key performers' wood performances, and a laughable bad end. <br /> <br /> The biggest problem I had was that the protagonist wasn't nice or unlikely. I realize that part of the story dictates that he should be a bit of a (wait for it ...), but I couldn't empathize with a character just like a boring anonymous club of a man . What character transformation is there for this sad bag is artificially forced on him by the plot. Lead actor Jeremy Northam manages to keep the protagonist confused and indifferent, but fails to give him any sympathy. In front of him, Lucy Liu does what she can with a character who does not have his own personality, unless it is the personification of a spio movie cliché score as a personality. <br /> <br /> One of the biggest disappointments in this movie is the end. I will not spoil anything here, but I will say that a surprise turn at the end is written 45 minutes before the incident. Furthermore, after the first hour's content or such an exciting, idea-oriented movie, the last screens are suddenly and terribly transferred to the worst Hollywood porridge, with huge explosions and special effects. The release of the movie's McGuffin in the end was done badly, and in the end the characters seem even less fun than they did before some of the movie's main plot wires were resolved. <br /> <br /> The movie isn't bad, though. It retains some low voltage in most of it, despite slow pacing (although I think I have a higher than average tolerance for slow-paced movies). And there were a few moments when the untouched paranoid feeling that director Vincenzo Natali had tried to stand on the surface. But in the end these elements are not enough to overcome the mistakes in the movie's play and writing. There is probably a good movie covering the same themes and ideas, but that is not the case.
