Let me start by saying that I mostly like Renny Harlin's direct style, and that the movie artist should be praised for some of the shots. Unlike Harlin's "Elm Street 4" and "Die Hard 2" I really liked, there is something missing from this movie. This, my friends, is a script. The dialogue in movies like this is always very terrible, but this one takes the gold medal for stupidity. There are so many terrible lines in this movie, I don't even want to remember one of them. Not only that, but the execution of the lines is pathetic and looks more suited to a bad porn movie as an action adventure. It's almost like Harlin thought that if they delayed the words, they could improve the writing. Wrong. <br /> <br /> The sad part is that many talented actors in bad roles are thrown into worse dialogue. Stallone has never been a favorite of mine, but if he is acting circles around Lithgow, Turner and the worst of the Rooker bushes, there's something wrong with this photo. Lithgow played one of the best villains in "Ricochet", but still appears as someone who can't act to save his life here. How is this possible? I have always been a big fan of him and he is trained in the actions of Stallone, who has even called in his performance. Turner's part is so small and useless, but she is still lost on the screen. Michael Rooker can act. I know this because I saw it in "Days of Thunder", but he looks like he is reading his lines of tickets. Did it come here? When Rooker and Lithgow have scenes where they speak, I just wanted to end the movie there, or they found their acting abilities incredible. Unfortunately, none of these things happened. <br /> <br /> What brings me back to Harlin, who can be the only one who really blames this mess other than scriptwriters. It is his fault that I have never been drawn to this movie because he really had to act on the people. The script is not very good, but the actors' performances are destroying the film and it must be with the director. I don't care how much for the special effects paid, which for the most part is good, you still can't sacrifice the movie with terrible acting. <br /> <br /> Plus, the pacing of this movie seems to be. The opening order was good and the planes were very well done, but how about the outcome of the hoist? I mean, I understand they are trying to make up for the bells and whistles of the planes, but I really don't care if they have the money or not in that scene. If the bad guy had won before, I might never have been one of the worst movies ever!
