3 years ago I probably believed that I had seen the worst movie ever created, and I could safely relax. I'll never have to suffer so much in front of a screen again. Unfortunately, as I found out last night, this was not the case. Revolver is so monstrously bad I actually recommend recommending friends to go see it, just like that, I don't feel I'm the only one who's enough to look in the eye. It's really wonderful how much this movie with the constant falls completely on its face, and I mean CONSTANT voice loss of the main characters, with totally inexorable pretentious nonsense! I was actually angry at the cinema that listened to André Benjamin's completely relentless drone, as it was like half the movie, all the time thinking - what would Turkish do with this full joke of gangster / con man Whatever he would be, when he made his "offer"? I'll tell you what. He would have told him to go down, blow his head away and watch with great contempt, as his eternal foolish friend turned away as fast as his fat legs would carry. I mean what we're supposed to believe is going through Jake's head when they give him a solution to his problem? They are con men, so of course they should also have the ability to cure incurable blood diseases! I mean ffs. Doesn't he start wondering why his symptoms don't get worse? The penny did not fall on the third day that happened instead of Richie who made the audience to a painful patronizing call from Avi to Jake to let him know he was kneeling. <br /> <br /> Anyway, I can add a small positive note to the movie by moving on to the dry mood when provided, happy with a similar standard to its previous movies ???? . bulls ** t! This movie doesn't try anything as clever as delivering itself through some well-timed, amusing lines, oh no. It somehow managed to be so disastrous. Didn't I really hear as much as a piece of a fully-packed cinema? And anyone who knows the UGC in Sheffield knows how full a main screen can get and not one person as much as smiles. Perhaps he never wanted to make the movie funny, and fair enough you could still make good gangster movies without comedy, but what did he plan to hang on to this movie, may I ask? The unnecessary baffling plot! ?? I hope not! <br /> <br /> By far, the most satisfying moment I went through last night was the very loud sigh from ALL directions of the audience, all desperately praying that the movie would end. It was also very amusing to just see how fast customers fought for the exits after realizing it was over, and they were free from their torment. <br /> <br /> I'll finish it off I have to finish, write it makes me angry again) by knitting on the "end". I mean sh ** t! The end? No, sorry, I can't, you just have to go and see. It can't be put into words, it just can't, and once you've seen it, you'll know why. Uuhhhhh? shake?
