The movie "52 Pick Up" simply doesn't work. See it if you are at all interested in Elmore Leonard or John Frankenheimer, or someone in the tremendous role, especially John Glover, who is brilliant. But the book - a slow-burning, noir thriller with lots of pulp - had to translate into an Oscar-fighting movie instead of this dud who couldn't figure out if it should portray the boiled, avid crime story. of the book, or opt for a 1980's Schwarzenegger shoot-em-up spree. The scene changes from the original country in the book, Detroit (an area where Leonard has been living for years and knows it very well). Los Angeles is making a significant problem trying to fix Leonard in his writing, but ultimately it can't. For example, it was a smart device that Mitchell's wife makes a city council woman (she had no work in the book), if you think about it: this is the only way you can ever get someone in a sex-sensitive city like the 1980s write off. Los Angeles for adultery, or any kind of potential sex scandal. Even then, it is more likely in a more conservative East state like Michigan to believe that a) its small porn industry is a messy money-grabbing hell where three losers desperately go to a non-dom-class fellow through a mid-life crisis, and b) adultery alone can be what you can squeeze with someone, if they couldn't handle sincere careers and old-fashioned women. As consultant Ron Jeremy will tell you, Los Angeles was a colorful, stylish porn mecca, more than the movie "Boogie Nights" as Leonard's dark, shady world of hijacked tourist buses, grim flats and drug trafficking in a depressed urban gorge . Then again, Los Angeles could be the backdrop of such a story if one arranged the scenery more carefully - there are still many dark taps and psychopaths there. Unfortunately, Roy Scheider's Harry Mitchell comes in the movie as a sexy, handsome Uberman by dancing his troubles without first making sweat. In the book he was terminating a jerk union official struggling with a failed business. He also had a skeleton in the closet during the war with friendly fire for which he was responsible, but never appeared. Elmore Leonard's stories usually have a central image that holds a bizarre courtesy between criminal and lawful citizens. Here Harry Mitchell sits in his office with his blackmailer, Alan Raimy, to transfer his financial books to him and negotiate a more practical ransom, creating such a central image. Glover's extortionist plays the scene with convincing intelligence, but Scheider portrays the victim here as a cocky "good guy" in charge of the situation as if he were more of a Rambo with an M-16 than the Almighty barely stands as its world crumbles. around him. "52 Pick Up" ends with one of the worst discarded conclusions ever, taking into account all the thought that went into the original story and then the movie. Trapped Raimy in Mitchell's Jaguar and blowing himself up with marching band music which, along with a sadistic monologue, storms out by Mitchell, for an audience playing the 'Sweet Revenge' ending of a Chuck Norris movie, not the intelligent balanced world of Leonard's book where Mitchell barely escapes in the end and the conflict between good and evil can easily go somehow. I left the theater my head and depressed. What a waste of talent.
