David Chase's "The Sopranos" may be the most over-priced television program in recent memory. Not only is the series without intellect and passion, it is without a soul. Like someone who already knows, James Gandolfini * IS * Tony Soprano, a big, thick ** -busty boss with a wife's spoilage, and two bratty, sh * t-brained kids who live in - you guess - the armpit of America (it's New Jersey, incidentally). Not only is Tony a female adulterer, he is also an undisputed killer, with a crew of "Saturday night Live" worthy caricatures for subordinates. It's not the fact that Tony is a piece of a murderer who insults me (and apparently I just). Allowing characters to be who and what they are, without judgment, is something that American TV barely allows. But Chase - and his entourage of covetous, Emmy-gored writers - not only allowed us to perceive Tony and his crew as they did, nor did they attempt any insight into the action / reaction reality of (even Of course, organized crime (a la "The Godfather"). Chase glorifies and endorses his characters' greedy, violent and corrupt lifestyle in the same way that Tony, his wife, and even his heartfelt psychologist week after week (or should I say month after month. Or is it year after year? looks like the show's bad 13 episodes come out seasons with the same regularity as a lunar eclipse). Much has been made of the refusal of the series to meet the "network" structure, with plot lines going nowhere and characters appearing and disappearing like backyard pests. But if the show is so brilliant in its lack of structure, why does it always feel like I'm watching a soap opera? Tired music clubs, bored housewives, self-managed, irreparable characters and places that go nowhere. More than ever, I can see why so many Americans of Italian heritage appear on this show. It's enough to make you curl up with a good book (Dante's "Inferno" sources). <br /> <br /> People at IMDb like to say there's nothing good on television, so "The Sopranos" is a fresh air. Are the same people paying their cable bills to watch "The Shield"? (This is included in Basic, you know). How about the (still good) "The West Wing"? Or the brilliant action (if written illegally) "Boston Legal"? What about the best comedy of the last few decades, "Arrested Development"? And we should not forget that we live in an era of DVDs - no one * has * anything * new * to watch. I'd rather spend $ 40 for a cheap boxing, good, anything *, than giving $ 10 a month (or $ 80 a DVD set!) To continue to prove how much of a hack factory can be. <br /> <br /> You want good television? Watch "Murder: Life on the Street." Or "Murder One". Or "Picket Hekk". Or even Chase's previous performance, "Northern Exposure." If you're already under "The Sopranos" legions of brainwashing adherents and critics, it's too late for you. But if not, Tony and his worthless family leave where they all belong - with the fish rotten. ("Sleep" would be too much)
