Seriously, I can easily get a lot of screen blood, gore and abdominal discomfort, but what really makes this movie disturbing and uncomfortable is how the doctor's character constantly keeps track of the physical damage to raped women. He, John Cassavetes of "Rosemary's Baby", speaks of broken uterus, dry intercourse and massive loads of reddish (?) Sperm, as they are the most common small diseases in the world of medicine. It is said, "Incubus" is a GREAT terrible attempt. It's not necessarily terrible? Although not very good, isn't it? just strange. The confused and incoherent script initially turns on the hunt for a rapist of flesh and blood (although the title clearly represents the involvement of supernatural beings) and it never seems to stop the introduction of new characters. Neither of these characters, especially the most important ones, is so sympathetic, and for some inexplicable reasons, it seems as if they are dark secrets. The aforementioned doctor has a strange interpretation of daughter love and behaves constantly as he is a suspect. The town's sheriff (John Ireland) appears to be in a constant state of intoxication and does not even seem to worry about who is raping and killing. The women in his district, the female reporter, are even too strange for words and the Galens (an old witch and her grandson) are just creepy. Together they try to solve the mystery of who or what exactly the cities' women's organs destroy. The sequences that build up against the rapes and murders are wonderful atmospheric and the dirty acts themselves are bloody and disturbing. In fact, these are very positive factors in a horror movie, but the narrative structure is too coherent and the characters are too sympathetic for "Incubus" to be a great movie. There are also quite a few boring parts to bother yourself (such as a Bruce Dickinson concert!) And the usually very reliable John Hough direction is almost untouchable. However, the final shot is effectively nightmarish. For me personally, "Incubus" was a bit of a disappointment, but there are several reasons to recommend this odd piece of early 80's to open-minded genre fanatics.
