A young couple Mandy Pullman (Mitch Martin) and Roy Seeley (Matt Birman) relax on a beach in the small town of Galen. They decide to start playing practical jokes on each other. Mandy cries in an old runway, she is attacked and raped by an unknown attacker. Roy tries to help her after she shouts, but is dead. Dr Sam Cordell (John Cassavetes) and his daughter Jenny (Erin Flannery) are both new to Galen after Sam's wife died. Sam is attacked by police chief Hank Walden (John Ireland) when Mandy and Roy are found. He did the autopsy on Roy and treated Mandy for her terrible injuries. Shortly afterwards, a curator at the local museum called Carolyn Davis (Denise Furgusson) was also attacked and raped. A local journalist, called Laura Kincaid (Curry Keane), reports the events and suggests that a similar series of rapes and murders occurred in the town 30 years earlier. More rapes and murders occur. Meanwhile, Jenny's boyfriend, Tim Galen (Duncan MacIntosh) had strange dreams and nightmares and is convinced he has something to do with the horrific acts. Tim's story and dig in the villages, convinces Sam of the existence of a creature known as an Incubus - a form-shifting demonic entity that exists only to reproduce! Targeted by John Hough this is a seriously boring horror movie. The script by George Franklin based on the novel by Russell Russell is slow to say the least. Nothing interesting or exciting happens and it ends with one of the most boring no events of a bend I have ever seen and frustrating, is just abrupt. Since the story goes at a snail's pace, there are some rapes, but no one is shown on the screen. There is only one gore scene in the whole movie. The monster itself is only shown at the end and has three short scenes. Everything about this film production method is very static and flat, the film has no energy or pace. The play is boring and you don't feel like someone. Look at the scene in the autopsy room where you can see the top mike on top of the screen several times. The type of garbage horror movie makes you forget within a day. A real waste of time, don't bother.
