Stephen King is well known for the morbid, and it is good, but this story is too morbid. Some movies, in the end you feel sad for the characters or the situations they've been sitting around ... here you just feel depressed. The movie had a nice feel about it (first), with the family moving to the country, and flu old Fred Gwyne greeted and warned them of the pet cemetery, but this plot nowhere. It starts with so much potential, but eventually it loses the potential to be a good horror movie, and it becomes lean, extremely stupid, and eventually depressed. <br /> <br /> Louis (Dale Midkoff), his wife Rachel (Denise Crosby), their kids Ellie and Gage, and their cat move to a new home in Maine. They are warned by the rewarding farmer neighbor Jud (Fred Gwyne) about the local pet cemetery and how it is cursed. Louis thinks nothing about it and everything is good until the family cat is dead. He buried it in the cursed cemetery and it comes back to life, constantly on the family and wants to be left alone. One day baby Gage walked out into the road and was killed by a truck and Louis knew he had to bury him in the cemetery. When Gage comes back to life, he's changed and wants to kill. <br /> <br /> With lots of Stephen King's works that aren't well translated into movies, I blame the directors and screenwriters. In this case, Mr. King the scriptwriter, but I'm going to owe him his terrible story. By the end, it is so useless, and even though it is indecent, the point of departure is ridiculous. A boy comes back from the dead and succeeds in killing people with what looks like a small shell, and not just that, but he manages to lift their bodies and in one case a body off the ground to wear on the attic! ) I know it's not in fact, but seriously, how stupid can it get? The scene where Louis injects his deceased, now living cat to kill it, is strange, because the cat didn't deserve it. All that did was think of his own business and he killed it. The scene where he injects his own baby son is almost unbearable. Not unbearably sad, but the whole situation is just awful to think about. After being injected, Gage stumbled around drunk before he died. Why did they have to make a movie with the death of a baby? But ... worse, the real end of the movie in which Louis was involved, bury someone else (not going to give up) in the cemetery after Gage killed them .... what did he expect? Why did Mr King write this horrible story and why was it made in a movie? It's depressed and useless! <br /> <br /> My rating: * from ****. 90 minutes. R for violence.
