This movie is a special Pia Zadora! When I saw this, I was reminded of the classic cartoon showing a Hollywood star; In the urgent need of another role, but scared to become 'B' movie or soft porn roles. who says in her decision session: "Of course I don't normally do roles that require nudity, but if it is artistically needed for the movie ...............". This memory has a very naughty image of a similar cartoon Pia had during such a session, said: "Well, of course, I usually do not take roles that require real acting but if it really gives me enough exposure to improve my sex status symbol .................. ". It's probably very unfair, the bad story is the fault of Harold Robbins's book; Consider the nature of the story. Pia's exposure certainly does not receive unnecessary attention, and perhaps Pia (who once won an acting award in Butterfly) deliberately satiated her party, rather than trying to act in an almost unplayable role. Critics usually only point to the actors as the problem when a movie is disappointing, but it is very unfair; The screenwriters and directors are much more often the guilty parties. The real problem with "The Lonely Lady" is that the script, like the original book, is looking for sensation rather than dust, and nothing can help it. <br /> <br /> The script for this film is uncomfortable, but whether the story could be filmed with a better manuscript, stubbornly directing and really capable acting must remain a matter of personal judgment. As it is released, my viewer's rating will depend on whether I assess my personal opinion, or to determine to what extent the film succeeds in providing what it aims to do. My personal rating for that would be two out of ten; but to some extent, this movie probably offers exactly what its sponsors intended, and based on this, a quality rating of four out of ten judges reasonably. Being in a loving mood, and I want to make it clear that I'm not blaming Pia for my disappointment, I'll give you an IMDb score of four.
