The memory banks of most of the judges here must be short-circuited when trying to recall this Cubic Zirconia from a jewel, for virtually everyone has managed to mislead Lloyd Bochner's Walter Thornton. When he falls into a vicious rage, he drops the phallic garden nozzle with his new wife, Jerilee Randall-Thornton (an almost relentless Pia Zadora) who was previously sexually assaulted in the movie ... but I'm coming for myself. Anyway, poor Lloyd could have honed the spoken audience as much as that of the speechless audience. He was as good as it was for most of us to believe. Today, nobody in Hollywood suggests making a bad movie. This is certainly not the most arguable argument to make, as many of them are just passing by. But then again, the film film that one has to represent at the time of his creation, of writing, decisiveness and direction, is to be cursed with the film-like equivalent of the blasting during the days of March. <Br /> <br /> LONY LADY is in that category and represents it very well, taking into account the circumstances. Here we have all the ingredients in a recipe that is guaranteed to produce a monumental case of soufflé: Pia Zadora, a marginal singer / actress so determined to take seriously, that she will take up almost anything that her her peers can put this movie up for sure!); a somewhat high-profile novel written by the Trashmaster himself, Harold Robbins (from THE CARPETBAGGERS and DREAMS THE FIRST FAMILY); a throw that probably thought they were so lucky to not work at all, that they were trying to play this drink as it was Clifford Odets or Ibsen; plus a director who was more than likely a designated gun moving the mess just to collect a salary, (and was probably contractually obliged not to use the 'Alan Smithee' moniker to protect what is left of his reputation.) Like Lamont Johnson's LIPSTICK, Meir Zarchi's GAME ON YOUR COLLECTION, Roger Vadim's BARBARELLA, Paul Verhoeven's SHOWGIRLS, or Really Bad Film's grandmother, Frank Perry's MOMMY DEAREST, the lonely LADY is still often discuss, (usually with horror, unbelief, terrible laugh, or a unique combination of all three), but also deny dissection, description or even the pretzel logic of Hollyweird. No one is sure how it has become, how ever it was released in a single theater, or why it is still here and almost impossible to get rid of, but take it or leave it, it's here to stay. And I don't think lovers of really good BAD movies will have it different.
