Paul Armstrong is a liberal, Scottish-born law courts in Harvard, known for his passionate opposition to the death penalty, hired to tackle Bobby Earl's, a young black man from Florida who was convicted of rape and murder on Joanie Shriver, an 11-year-old white girl. Earl claims that his confession to the crime was enforced by a sadistic police officer and that the real killer is Blair Sullivan, a ceremony that has already been sentenced to death for various other murders. Armstrong visits Sullivan in his cell on the death penalty, hoping to persuade him to confess Joanie's murder and thereby save Earl from the electric chair. <br /> <br /> Initially everything is going well. Sullivan confesses and Earl is released from prison when the appeal court ceases its conviction. As this development takes only a little after half the film, it is at this point that alarm bells begin to ring in the mind of the viewer. "Warning! Big plot turns on!" And so it proves. The expected strife soon arises. Earl, it turns out, is actually guilty of the crime he's just acquitted, and probably also of several others, but has taken a deadly plan with Sullivan to ensure his freedom. Sullivan will confess Joanie's murder if the Earl kills his parents. (Just why Sullivan wanted his parents to die is never explained exactly). Armstrong now finds himself in danger of the man whose life he just saved; Earl has a grudge against Armstrong's wife, herself a lawyer, who acted as a prosecutor in a previous case when Earl was accused of rape. <br /> <br /> "Just Cause" is an example of the auto-cannibalism that Hollywood sometimes likes to enjoy, combining one movie by reclaiming themes and plotting a number of others. The first half owes a clear blame to films such as "Intruder in the Dust" and "To Kill a Mockingbird"; About the only difference is that the Sheriff, who beats Bobby Earl's confession, is black, while in earlier films he would have been white. (Police brutality is now an equal opportunity activity). The central turn in the plot is borrowed from Costa-Gavras' "Music Box", although in the film the revelation does not take place to the end. The final, in which a lawyer, his wife and their young daughter are in danger of a former client, is a clear plagiarism of the two versions of "Cape Fear", which also takes place in the marshes of the American south. Ed Harris's characterization of Sullivan as a Bible quote of religious maniac is a direct adherence to Robert de Niro's character in the Scorsese version of "Cape Fear", which was made four years before "Just Cause". <br /> <br /> (There is a post office. Just like "Just Cause" borrowed a lot from several other movies, seven years later its central plot turn was blatantly in the Ashley Judd vehicle. High crimes " <br /> <br /> The problem with this style of film-making by-numbers is that the movies that are followed are generally much less distinguished from those that inspired them. The whole is usually much less than the sum of The parts, and "Just Cause" is a much smaller movie than any of those cannibalized to make it. Harris is usually a gifted actor, but this is one of his worst performances, mainly because he doesn't Character plays to play the Niro as Max Cady, Blair Underwood is OK as Bobby Earl the (presumably) innocent young man of the early scene, but not Bobby Earl convincingly of the murderous psychopath of the later Sean Connery like Armstrong and Laurence Fishburne as the black sheriff is pretty much better, but not good either to save the movie. (Connery and Harris had to work together in another, better movie, "The Rock" next year). <br /> <br /> There is another problem with "Just Cause". The first half of the movie looks like a standard liberal "problem" movie, anti-death penalty, anti-racist and critical heavy-handed policing. The second half looks more like the work of a naughty reactionary, proclaiming the message that all criminals are malignant bastards. The only way to handle it is to roast them in the chair. These liberal lawyers are the useful idiots of the criminal fraternity and that police officers who have defeated suspects should be praised as heroes. The filmmakers have apparently been unaware of the fact that the plot that appeared immediately in the middle of their movie had the (presumably undesirable) effect to stop his political attitude, or if they were aware of the problem, they did. ignored. Of course, a successful intricate plot is thought to be more important than political consistency. 10/04
