Well, there you have, another disillusionment on my account. Two, actually! First of all, although I like to think that I know a little about the 70-euro exploitation and its most productive contributors, I have never heard of Joseph W. Sarno. Here's a man who made more than seventy rancid and cult-laden exploitation movies and I haven't seen a single one! How? Why? What happened here? Secondly, and even worse, just when you think you've found a new source for dark culture films, the directors seem to be the most famous and supposed "masterpiece" of an irreparable, dull and annoying movie. Of course, lesbian vampire movies form a rather insignificant subgenre as a whole, but some of them bathe in ominous atmosphere and inquisitive sensuality (such as José Larraz "Vampyres" or Harry Kümmel's "Girls of Darkness"). Joseph Sarno's film has nothing to offer, except for abundant free nudity, and even that gets boring quite quickly. The events take place in a secluded old castle, deeply hidden in the German mountains, where a malicious and bloodthirsty (literally) baroness lived five centuries ago. Her loyal disciples throw more naked dance parties into the catacombs of the castle, lit up by penis candles and hope to revive the baroness any time. Suddenly (don't even ask) the castle is full of young and sexy female guests, so even more erotic rites follow. Sounds nice and entertaining enough, but "The Devil's Plaything" contains a massive number of sequences that literally do nothing and where the facials' ignorant expressions are simply unspeakable! Sarno can't create tension or build a gothic atmosphere (or maybe he just doesn't bother) and the actress's abilities limit themselves to standing in front of the camera and pulling a very pathetic face. Please do yourself a favor: no matter how desperate you strive to see all the furious lesbian vampire movies of the 70's, this one is not worth a penny! Even the repertoires of Jess Franco and Jean Rollin are pure art compared to this dud.
