Sexo Cannibal, or Devil Hunter, as it is commonly known as English-speaking audiences, starts with actress and model Laura Crawford (Ursula Buchfellner and Ursula Fellner), with her assistant Jane (Gisela Hahn). After a long day of work, Laura relaxes in the bath of her room when two suspicious characters named Chris (Werner Pochath) and Thomas (Antonio Mayans) kidnapped and kidnapped because they were helped by treacherous Jane. Laura's agent gets on the blower Peter Weston (Al Cliver) who is aware of the situation, the kidnappers took Laura on a remote island and demanded a 6 million ransom. Peter is told he will be paid 200,000 to get her back safely and a further 10% of the 6 million if he returns, faster than a drain pipe. Peter and his Vet Fetish helicopter pilot Jack are on the island and decide how to save Laura. So, the kidnappers got Laura and Peter the 6 million, but didn't want to hand them over so much. Just to complicate things further, this particular island is home to a primitive tribe. (Hell, in all the generations they lived there, they just created one straw hut, now it's primitive) that worships a cannibal monster child (Burt Altman) with exuberant eyes as a God with human sacrifices and this cannibal " a taste for young, white female flesh and intestines ... <br /> <br /> This Spanish, French and German co-production was co-written & directed by the productive Jesus Franco who also gets the credit for the music. Sexo Cannibal suffered some notorious here in the UK, as it was placed on the Video Nasties list under the alternative Devil Hunter title in the early 80s and was therefore officially classified as obscene and banned because I said I had no idea why, as it is one bad movie and even Franco, who is not afraid to be associated with a turkey, he decides to hide under the pseudonym of Clifford Brown. I can even imagine that the most difficult Franco-fan will have a hard time defending this thing. The script of Franco, sorry, I mean Clifford Brown and Julian Esteban as Julius Valery, who was, of course, another who was impressed by the final product and wanted his name to be removed, is terrible. It's as simple and straight as it is. For a start, the movie is so boring that it is untrue. The derrick is one of the most beautiful things I've ever seen without the slightest tension or excitement involved. The horror side of things doesn't improve if we get a big black man. with stupid, excessive blood-blooded eyes and two easy cannibal scenes. If a horror movie, Sexo Cannibal fails and as an action adventure it is no longer successful, it is one to avoid. <br /> <br /> Director Franco shows his usual incompetence throughout, an obscured head is achieved by an actor on the ground with big leaves placed around the bottom of his neck to try and impress it is not attached to anything! The cannibal scenes are poor, the action is lame and it has endless scenes of people randomly walking around the jungle from 'A' to 'B' and doing nothing when they get there. It is incredibly boring and boring to look after about 10 minutes and don't forget that this thing goes for 94 minutes in the rough condition. I must also mention the hilarious scene if Al Cliver has to climb a stone, it is achieved by turning Franco his side camera and having Cliver crawl along the floor! Just look at the way his dress hangs and the way he never handles anything, as he just draws himself! The gore is not that big and as far as Euro cannibal films go, it is very tame, there are some rough close ups of the cannibal mouth, as it chews bits of meat, a man is thrown on nails. There is a little blood and a handful of guts. There is a pretty little nudity in Sexo Cannibal and an unpleasant rape scene. <br /> <br /> Sexo Cannibal must have a low budget and I mean low. It's a bad, poor movie made with terrible special effects and rock production values. The only proper thing about it is the at least authentic jungle environment. The music sucks and sound effects become annoying, as there is very heavy breathing when the cannibal is on the screen. The acting suck, the whole thing is of course called anyway, but no one in this thing can act. <br /> <br /> Sexo Cannibal is a horrible movie that makes the fatal mistake of being as boring as hell. The only good thing I can say is that it has a certain bad atmosphere, and the close-ups of the cannibal cold meat are pretty rough. Anyone looking for a decent movie experience should give Sexo Cannibal as broad as possible a herd, one to avoid.
