Back in the days before the Toxic Avenger, the Tramp Films laughter kings tried to make the high (ok, slightly lower) road to produce straight treasure. I would like to think that viewing the results is here that convinced them to give up all pretension and to go for self-confident parody. <br /> <br /> Splatter University is another movie for the masochists in the audience. As it moves through two separate works and countless useless subplots, it actually becomes painful to watch. Let's see if I can summarize. <br /> <br /> Having learned that a dangerous psychopath has escaped from a local hospital, the action moves to a Catholic university (I don't recall the name, but in honor of the title, Let's call it St Splatter. The students are listless and grueling, and argue with each other, slackers before their time. Meanwhile, the new professor, Julie Parker, proves incompetence at her work. The children deal with relationships, infidelity, unwanted pregnancies, lecherous priests and how to prevent any class work. July treats a creepy boyfriend, the inflexibility of the administration at St. Splatter, the counseling of unusual mothers and the empty, expressionless expression of her students. Neither means a darn thing or is solved in a meaningful way. Oh, and every time, a POV shot comes along and kills one of the girls, but doesn't hold your breath on it. There is a Red Herring Killer, and then an unfortunate anticlimatic confrontation with the Real Killer. Then it's back to the asylum and role credits. <br /> <br /> The slow pace and numerous in-subplots seem to be almost calculated to give a constructive sense of frustration in the viewer, which is helped by cunning editing, coffee sound quality, and non-sense dialogue . And the most confusing thing about this movie is the murderer's fixation on women - the men in this movie are just as deserving. I paid good money to see someone with the pregnant girlfriend or the lunkhead Lothario who drove around with his girlfriend's roommate, or any of the flu priests. There is no justice.
