Colleges, High Schools, Brotherhood and Sororities were the most popular stalking grounds for maniacal madmen since the slasher cycle first saw a popular cinema culture by the late seventies. Even backwoods huts and campsites drove shotgun to the amount of massacres that occurred on campuses since Halloween categorized the genre as a cult gruel category. From early entries like to a good night to the big budgeted shock of titles like Urban Legend or Schools Out, there is usually always a campus maker lurking somewhere in the pipeline. Despite being picked up by Troma - the titans of B-film bad? Splatter University was heavily placed on release and never really found an audience. Even notorious hack and slash sites such as HYSTERIA LIVES have written Richard Haines wrestling as one of the worst of the early eighties. I always approach criticized movies optimally because there is often a chance that some bad reviews may be unfairly contagious such as a dose of flu, which is ruled by some authors. <br /> <br /> Traditionally, it begins at the place where a mania worthy of its salt emerge. Yes, you guessed it ?? a crazy asylum! It appears that one of the prisoners has decided that he is dissatisfied with the service level at the institution and therefore he wants to take his business elsewhere. The invisible note work makes her break after he puts an unfortunate orderly piece where the sun certainly doesn't shine. Of course, he favors the dress of the murdered worker, so he takes the liberty to borrow his uniform, blood-colored pants and everything! <br /> <br /> Three years later, we transfer to St Trinians College, an educational institution run by Catholic priests. A teacher is after hours busy letting her students work when there is a sudden knock at the door. Before she has a chance to find out what the unseen visitor wants, he puts her in the chest with a kitchen knife and falls into the blood in the floor. This, of course, means there is a vacancy at the university and therefore we are introduced to Julie Parker (Francine Forbes), the lovely replacement for the recent lecturer. It seems as if her arrival accidentally gave the resident maniac the motivation he needs to go on a no-hold barred snake. Before long students and teachers drop like flies to the camera, embarrassed threats while stomping the corridors and local areas with a particularly large blade. Suspicious suspects are abundant, but can Professor Parker solve the mystery of the campus killer before she becomes just another statistic? <br /> <br /> I'm not sure how many versions of this movie are available. The UK-modified video was released under the alias of Campus Killings, but the American copy I own says it's the complete unedited edition, which may mean that a censorship print will go anywhere? I would be pretty surprised if that was because Splatter University was definitely not so nice, as the hyperbola packaging would make you believe. One or two liters of corn syrup are definitely not at stake from a gore dog when compared to Blood Rage or Pieces, so in this case the film is slightly overheated. One thing that many critics have not met is the beautiful lead of Francine Forbes, who runs the whole picture on her shoulders through the 79 minutes. In spite of the amateurist direction of Richard Haines, she still reveals a wonderful potential that had to lead to the chance of another sting performing under a more perfect helmet. Unfortunately, the opportunity never came, and underneath the treadmills like Death Ring and Splitz, it certainly did not help to improve a talent that could dramatically improve under the fair. <br /> <br /> The rest of the players were par for the eclipse of film, especially the wooden board teenagers who acted for some strange reason like their audition for a repeat of Grease or The Wanderers. The standard image and shooting direction of the bow could not have helped build a lot of confidence in the project, and the fact that the few signs of potential were undermined by the clumsy handling of the author left the function inevitable. Perhaps the only claim of originality found in Haines' slasher is the brave attempt at the contrasting conclusion. Let's just say it's not a final I expected to testify in a movie so typical of the cycle. <br /> <br /> At one point in the runtime, one of the teenagers says, "Man that Parker drills me to tears?" Well, the same can be said for Splatter University, which never lifts the tempo above slow motion. With that, Francine Forbes made a lovely screaming queen and undoubtedly one I would have paid to look at a similar role again. So it summarily summarizes this un-thrashing ride. Slow, quiet but rather strange; especially be forgiving to give it a chance?
