I bought the BLOOD CASTLE DVD on eBay for a few bucks without knowing what it was and all I can say is I wasn't disappointed with this purchase. BLOOD CASTLE is one of the trashy European horror movies that hardly leaves any quality except to be thoroughly entertained, for all the bad reasons. The opening alone was worth the price of the DVD: our heroine, dr. Ivanna arrives at the castle where she has to help a scientist, Baron Dalmar, to do experiments with dead tissue. On the way to Castle 1) a man tried to rape Ivanna. 2) The castle's housekeeper fights with her. 3) The girl wants to kill her. 4) And finally Baron Dalmar boasts almost her and wants her the next day. Hmm ... something tells me she's not welcome. With such an unfortunate arrival, you would think Ivanna would leave the place in a NY minute, but no, like so many big turbulent movies, decide our "heartfelt heroine" to stay and even have a candlelight dinner with the grumpy Baron enjoys the same event day. The intro is so exaggerated trashy (it's even bigger than the unforgettable first few minutes of the Canadian movie, JUNIOR) I knew I was going to enjoy. <br /> <br /> But the fun doesn't matter. Ivanna is repeatedly stunned when she goes to bed at night, only to be unconscious, naked, bound and tortured in soft sessions of S & M by an invisible man. Even after experiencing these nightly S&M sessions, Ivanna stays at the castle, convinced by the evil Baron that what she is experiencing is nothing more than dreams. To be expected, even after being treated so badly by the screenshot, Ivanna, fell in love with the Baron. Ivanna does not neglect anything at all about him, including the obvious fact that the dour Baron is popular with the young ladies. Every woman at the castle (there seems to be only women working there) is in love with the unlucky bunch, who doesn't mind taking advantage of the beautiful young things. Things get even cleaner when someone walks around the estate and kills women (and is dead). Basically, the Baron's physically upset brother, Igor is responsible for everything. In a very long windy scene, the brother warns the Baron, he should not get involved with Ivanna, or he will suffer the consequences. What does the Baron and Ivanna do about this? Well, of course they marry! During the very short wedding ceremony, the Baron is shot by one of the fierce residents (father of one of the dead girls). But this does not put Ivanna off, who in the midst of all the dead young ladies and torture surrounding them comforts the hurt Baron, that it is just a flesh wound and the two can continue to enjoy their honeymoon at the castle, where the killer / rapist / torture brother is. The whole thing is quickly transferred into a nightmare love triangle of types, between Ivana, the Baron and Igor. Give it all on love! <br /> <br /> Anyway, you get the idea: subtle is not. Almost everything is overly ridiculous in this movie and if it isn't OTT, like the predictable climax, things get a little boring. But for most of the film, the director or writer speaks in one illogical trashy moment to the other. I really love these kind of movies, all as subtle as hitting a sledge hammer over the head, and filled with characters that act illogically. Even those who made the Retromedia DVD realize it and when you go to the scene selection section, we hear one of the funniest bits of dialogue from the copied movie running endlessly. <br /> <br /> The production values ​​are beautifully yieldable. The opening and closing credits, with those candles and red curtains ... ah, a sopron of the class. The music sometimes sounds like something from a Tim Burton movie, which just adds to the peculiarity of it all. And if it's used for these movies, if the young ladies get off their clothes, just ask them to be killed. <br /> <br /> As a standard movie, I consider it a 2, but as a "it's so bad it's good" movie, I consider it a solid 8 star. If you enjoy nice movies, please look at this. This is a must see. The only thing I had to consider about it: what would that woman have to come from that freaking castle?
