N: Spoilers are. Of course, the awarding of an artistic director to an operational production means that you will find a piece of that director's mindset. But managing a Wagner opera is a particularly difficult task, as he was perhaps the most explicit opera composer in terms of how things should look and how to unfold. Hans-Jurgen Syberberg downloads this filming of "Parsifal," Wagner's final masterpiece, with enough strange ideas to burst it almost on the seams. You get more than a director: you get the whole fat and then some. Syberberg is admired for his love for tearing back the lighter aspects of German history. But does it work to report that desire to a Wagner opera that already boasts its own concepts? <br /> <br /> The scenes with the Knights of the Holy Grail in Acts I and III are particularly loaded with visual allegory and symbolism. This has been drawn, comes from Wagner's own time, from before, and goes well. If you know what these things mean, they can enrich Syberberg's vision for you (but not necessarily strengthen Wagner's vision); If you do not know what it means, they are simply confusing, if not irritating. I will not disconnect the opera plot here. Suffice it to say it is a typical Wagnerian synthesis of diverse elements, in this case a blend of Holy Grail legends with the principles, practices and endeavors of Christianity. The theme of salvation plays the leading role here, like almost every Wagner opera. <br /> <br /> I personally had to sweat through Syberberg's first act (amid my bitterness, the music saved that day). But Law II picks up the pass. Here we meet Klingsor, the evil wizard, to catch the walking "innocent fool" Parsifal. The biggest seducer of them all, Kundry, will be used to lure him on the dark side. After an initial dalliance with more symbols, it is stripped away, and the long, beautiful, transforming duet between the young fool and the tempter really comes down. Ultimately, the film starts real magic, and it is mainly due to Syberberg's choice to make things natural and simple. Suddenly the play begins to work (expressive actress Edith Clever and the nice soprano of Yvonne Minton team to create a wonderful Kundry); Suddenly, the music looks alive and reveals the inner unrest of the two characters. The camera work remains simple and flowing. In other words, Wagner may tell his story more in his own terms. And it works beautifully. For me, this was the most exciting part of the movie. <br /> <br /> With the return of the knights in Part 2 of Law III, the strange, strange symbols creep in again. Some other loony Syberberg ideas: the use of a large Wagner death mask as an important set-piece (causing the composer's protruding proboscis comics to be large); To put the Knights of the Law III into all sorts of costumes, wigs and makeup (what does the director say? The knights are a bunch of buffalo? That they print several or timeless layers of meaning outside their surface functions? This is anyone they guess); the insert ?? just after the incredible touch of Kundry by Parsifal ?? of the rear projection footage of the conductor rehearsal, in contemporary realism, his orchestra in the studio (it completely broke my dramatic thread, which had to regroup a few minutes); the complete avoidance of any time between Acts II and III (when we meet the knight and narrator Gurnemanz, he must be an old old man, and Parsifal must reappear as a worldly but wiser middle-aged man); But certainly the most bizarre stroke is to divide the Parsifal character into male / female components. Some find it the most brilliant stroke. I can play with Karin Krick, who plays "Parsifal 2" with power and dignity (she is also the best lipstick of the entire cast). But please ... Wagner's view of Parsifal is already so complex. She grows from a completely innocent boy who knows nothing of his past, to his breakthrough realization in Law II of what Amfortas' eternal wound means and how it has become his own, until his return as the great Savior of Law III? It is the journey of a masterful building character. The two-sex emphasis is just clumsy and absurd. (And what is this nonsense about a homurotic Gurnemanz and Parsifal? Can't we just accept a mentor / pupil relationship, which is wonderfully transformed into Act III?) <br /> <br /> The Monte Carlo Philharmonic under Armin Jordan play with passion and beauty (though the choir is disappointing). But after watching this movie, I just wanted to erase my Solti-led recording (hardly recommended) and get my Wagnerian bearings straight. The movie experience for me ranged from bizarre to entertaining. For Syberberg's credit, he created a visual arrest, and he certainly offers a unique approach to a major opera. But instead of holding onto Parsifal, he apparently wanted to see everything Wagnerian: the man, life, the tremendous influence ... all in crude symbolic code. "Parsifal", the opera is already full of weighty symbolism: the Grail, the Spear, the Holy Sacraments, the baptism, Amfortas' bleeding wound, Klingsor's self-castration, the Kiss, Kundry's Curse, and again and again. It is not to mention the * musical * symbolism that constantly sounds in the score, in the form of Wagner's search motive system. "Parsifal" itself is a great symbol! Going back to my first paragraph question, Syberberg's whole chicken is too much for me. But if this project sounds like something to tickle you, go for it. I would not recommend just staying away here; you may find yourself warmly satisfied. Or if you need something to crack your Wagner barrier, try it ... but please stop here. "Parsifal" is in a late, very mature league of its own.
