I am fully aware that there is no statistical data that easily supports the correlation between video games and actual violence. The movie is false and false because it is completely inconsistent with itself, which I try to emphasize in my original review. The movie fails, not necessarily because I really think these kids are influenced by video games, but because the movie sets it up as "random" and doesn't follow it. Let me explain. In Aileen: Life and Death of a Serial Killer, you can see her police claims and be ridiculed by radio waves, but she's so upset, she really believes they're true. However, the viewer can make the distinction. In Zero Day, the 2 children say how they are not affected by any environment, which is of course false, as everything is in conflict with them. Neo-Nazism, talking about CNN with Wolf Blitzer (who's laughing, not just because they know his name, but it's a shameful attempt by the filmmaker to get the coverage of his bad movie). This movie does not portray 'reality', it shows nothing but finesse to prove a point. Unfortunately you fell for the bait and didn't see it, and you didn't get it from my review either. The whole movie only captures Michael Moore's hypothesis and applies it to something "real life" in the hope of ratification and failure, not necessarily because the hypothesis is wrong, but because the movie is wrong and does not support it. Of course, I don't think children who play video games are more likely to kill people, but if I'm not wrong, there is no video band of Columbine children (or some teenage killers) that guns in the forest, how many did they view or act like the weapon in Doom? Hmmmmmmm, the distinction is that children are most likely to be aware of the media, but of course balanced or intelligent enough that it's not even a problem. Zero Day is a bad movie because I really believe there is a correlation, but because the filmmaker does not know what he is trying to say, and the movie no longer does to reject his point, this then. It is almost as if the new ratings given to video games have upset anyone so they were given a "zero day" on a day of retaliation. If you want to see the "senseless" teen killer theory, pull it right, look Bully.
