This review applies to the cut of the movie that is commonly available as "Fury of the Wolfman". I understand that there is a rough version with additional footage, and I hope it contains at least eight or nine screens that are apparently missing from the track known as "Fury of the Wolfman". In short, the film makes absolutely no sense. Waldemar Daninsky, the venerable Lycantropic antihero depicted by Paul Naschy in a seemingly endless series of films, is apparently a normal guy who has just returned from a trip to Tibet, where he was attacked by a yeti. Somehow it changed him into a werewolf. Daninsky is a doctor, a scientist, and an instructor at what appears to be a college. One of his female colleagues, Ilona Elmann, is involved in a vague form of hypnosis ... "Chematodes", a nonsense word that refers to a bunch of threads attached to a victim's head. Ellman feels it will enable her to change the direction of the human brain. Of course, it enables her to rule the world, provided she can connect us to the threads without any problems. <br /> <br /> Elmann is also in werewolves because she kidnapped Daninsky and took him to her hidden lab. She also caught a lot of other people. Some of them look like gypsies, and become chained, in varying states of brightness. Others are clearly hippies. Elmann feels that one day she can "help to be people again" (?), But in the meantime she controls them with her chemotodes. Waldemar hits her furry hit, wandering around like a werewolf zombie. This is until the filmmakers decide to use material from another Naschy weather film, "Frankenstein's Bloody Terror", and after which Naschy's werewolf makeup changes significantly and he stings like an animal. <br /> <br /> Is it meaningful? No? Good. This is the movie's saving grace. It is not trying to engage you in any kind of intellectual level, but it is just getting ahead with any nonsense dialogue or cheap horror movie sets that can build it up. "Fury of the Wolfman" can be the best Halloween party movie ever. You absolutely do not need to pay attention, and if you do, you will be completely confused.
