I saw this little magnum opus for the first time very recently on one of the dollar DVDs that now look everywhere and so disgusted that I can't contain myself. For those who have never seen this unlucky Mexican import and want to see it without harming someone else's sincere comments, there are undoubtedly significant spoilers in what follows. So if you are one of those reckless individuals, stop reading immediately and go and see it for yourself. If you get drunk early enough, you can be happy to go out before it's over. <br /> <br /> Start with the assumption that a man can become a werewolf after being bitten by a yeti. No one in the movie dares to explain how this type of cross-infection can be implanted, and the rest of the movie is even more hopeless. But throw yourself another glass of wine (or whatever you drink), and let's continue. <br /> <br /> Paul Naschy (our werewolf) has the appearance of a man who has a toothache in a town where the only dentist traded his offer of Novocaine for a case of cheap whiskey, and has been drunk ever since. (Isn't he happy?) Naschy's facial expression never changes, either in or out of the makeup, and no one apparently excited him about how to behave like a werewolf. Sometimes he tries to mimic the Lon Chaney Jr., but mostly he just bumps into his black mafia shirt, like just a cool guy with a little too much facial hair. To be honest, the makeup is actually better than the actor, but the continuity is infinitely worse. Naschy's werewolf is the only one I can think of, changing twice in the middle of a rope. He goes from black shirt to red shirt, then back to black, then back to red, then back to black, all in a single, passing night. Interestingly, he always shrouded the Chaney while wearing the red shirt, and the cool man walking while wearing the black shirt. And it is only when he wears the red shirt, which we see, is much of the rage mentioned in the title. Probably there is something about the red shirt that only the animal brings in it. <br /> <br /> Anyway, after being bitten by the cross-pollinating yeti, the poor schmuck comes back from Tibet to learn that his wife slept with one of his students. The two illegal lovers are trying to kill him by adjusting the brakes on his car. He survived the wreck and made it into the house for a full moon just in time. Then, after visiting his wife and her lover, he waved off again and somehow found himself exploding. But is that enough? Can they make this painful misery rest? Not a chance. He is raised by a supposedly female scientist with a hardcore S / M fetish, otherwise known as "The Doctor" (and certainly not a new incarnation of Doctor Who). She dug him up and whispered him to her kinky castles, took him to the dungeon, lured him to the wall and gave him a damn good flogging. Presumably, such a string of indignation should be enough to put a rage in a wolfman. <br /> <br /> After its two-color rampage, our wolfman spends most of the rest of the movie wandering around the castle trying to find a way out. (And who can blame him?) In the course of his walks he meets a terribly disjointed variety of clichés, including a man dressed in medieval armor, a strange initiative of the Opera mimic (presumably the doctor's father ) and a hard party cadre of slave slaves. <br /> <br /> So what is it about, can one reasonably ask? One gets the vague impression that it has something to do with mind control, and involves something. The doctor called "chemotrodes." (Best guess. I really have no idea how it is spelled, if there is even such a thing.) Graciously, the experiment ends in failure, and most of all it ends ... before humans cut off their own leg. <br /> <br /> Of course, you don't really expect a movie like this, but at least it should be good. This one is not. Forget it, mate. There is a crawling kind of anarchy about this movie, from its patchy, tequila-soaked atmosphere to its horrible cinematography and bad musical score, which even upsets the most sozzled efforts to abandon any MST3K type. If not even good, what is it good for? If Montezuma's revenge could somehow be digitally remastered and put on a DVD, it would look exactly like this movie.
