"La Furia del Hombre Lobo" is a completely detached story that does not fit in with the previous Waldemar Daninsky movies. Some have commented that this movie is supposed to occur before the events of "Werewolf Shadow", although published later ... they can be right, I'm not sure. Anyway, in this movie Waldemar Daninsky is bitten by a yeti-like creature in Tibet (here is a great dialogue: "It was an yeti, but it is impossible. I am a scientist and these things exist It was a hallucination It is all. "And although it is marked with the pentagram, he can prevent the change in a werewolf until he discovers that his wife has deceived him. Changing night in the beast, he kills both her and her lover before it runs into a storm and becomes electrical tension, not long before being resurrected by a dominatris university professor who performs some incomprehensible mind control experiments He is taken to the underground cellar of a castle where the subjects of these experiments live like chain animals. <br /> <br /> First of all - Jacinto Molina, Paul Naschy, whatever you want to call, he is " a fine actor and caring passionate about his work no matter how wrong these movies are, you can always rely on him for a decent performance. The rest of the role-play looks good enough, but it's hard to say when they have half a transfer over their lines. And that was really the biggest problem for me ... many of the voice-over artists they used were just terrible, terrible, terrible. Every time I clapped the movie, it was in the wrong way that they delivered their lines (they seem to be constantly referring to the hero as "Waldeman"). But unfortunately it is almost impossible to find captions copies of Naschy movies, although sometimes available in the original language without subtitles. <br /> <br /> Directing Jose Maria Zabalza looks kind of a hit-and-miss. There are some good visual ideas in some scenes, while others are badly edited and poorly edited, especially in final scenes when it really counts. The reason was that Zabalza was apparently drunk most of the time while on the scene. He allowed his fourteen-year-old cousin to rewrite Molina's dialogue, use extras without his consent and split several shots of Molina's earlier films. All of this almost made the chance that this movie was one of Molina's best works, and it's no surprise that the two of them never worked together again. <br /> <br /> But that's not all the bad news, because there are some good ideas here. Some aspects of the storyline make an interesting psychological drama with the werewolf as a metaphor for jealousy and anger. The "werewolf as a yeti" idea is one that has returned to Molina's later work. There are some terrifying and surrealistic things going on in the basement, and there is also a very unforgettable sequence about half through the movie where Daninsky goes from home to house, beating or smuggling innocently. intense, but it is actually lifted directly from Molina's first movie, "La Marca del Hombre-lobo", along with some other shots. In fact, I have seen the movie generally be very entertaining, although there are some issues with the Front Row Entertainment version, such as pretty obvious cuts (though some of them are simply due to the lack of continuity of the director ). God knows what omissions are there. I will probably try to get my hands on at some point in the future. <br /> <br /> It's an overall decent piece of vintage Naschy that may be experienced fans. enjoy it, but it could have been much better and so it probably won't make a good introduction.
