I honestly had no idea that the Notorious B.I.G. (Bert I. Gordon the director, not the murdered rapper) was still active in the 80's! I always accepted the wonderful "Empire of the Ants" as his last masterful accomplishment in the horror genre, but it stumbled upon my dirty little hands over an old and dusty VHS copy of the coming, a completely dark and unheard of witchery movie that actually turned out to be a more or less pleasant surprise! Beginning as a seemingly atmospheric story of the late Dark Middle Ages, soon a fool's turn takes place when a resident of the year 1692 is inexplicably transferred to modern-day Salum, Massachusetts and quickly attacks a girl in the history museum. For you see, this particular girl is the reincarnation of Ann Putman who was a bona fide evil girl in 1692 and falsely accused more than twenty people of practicing witchcraft that led to their executions in the state. The man who attacked Loreen lost his wife and daughter and wanted his arrears vengeance. But poor and three centuries older Loreen is just an innocent schoolgirl, ?? or is she? "Burned at the Stake" deployed as a mix between "The Exorcist" and "Witchfinder General", with a bit of The Time Machine being thrown in well. Way to go, Bert! The plot becomes softer and more senseless with every new twist, but it never passes into total boredom, as is often the case in other contemporary witches like The Dunwich Horror and The Devonsville Terror. The film jumps back and forth between the events of the present and the flashes of 1692; which keeps it quite amusing and faster. The Ann Putman girl is quite a fascinating character, reminiscent of the Abigail Williams character in the more famous play "The Crucible" (also featured by Winona Ryder featured in the 1996 film). There are a few cool deaths, such as the cemetery teacher or the journalist in the library, committed by the ghost of malicious worshipers who made an agreement with Ann Putman and even the devil himself. The movie gets pretty spastic and completely absurd near the end, but overall there are some good, fun fun to have. Plus, the least you can say about Bert I. Gordon is definitely building direct skills in the course of the year.
