Wes Craven, you have a laugh ... at our expense. The red-eye plot is pre-set ... We are confronted by a man who apparently watched a girl for 8 weeks, then arriving at her airport, flirting and chatting with her in one way or another A seat beside her invasion a two-seat space, not trapped in the middle of a five-seat drive (contacts at the entry?) and is nice during a painful sloooow build-up. Then, once in the air, in a secluded space, surrounded by strangers, he immediately started the turbulent, as super-efficient, Rachel McAdams, and said tosh like "we have your dad, do what I say, or get poppa this'. Well, forgive me, but don't have them already ready to kill her dad - so-you-better-oughta long before she went on the plane and so it wouldn't have been oh, sooooooo much easier to just go crazy to hit the street and terrorize her somewhere in a room, forget about the complicated and unsafe pa-plot, pull out her nails or whatever until she has made the necessary 'call'? Or even - cos, these are the movies and we need some unreal turns. Immediately keep the stupid in trouble, if you need it, but pull it out better so you keep it in the shade until the complicated plot is closed. a little sense, without the plane abandoned? Alternatively, the massive bazooka missile can no longer be used much more, for example, a highway car with the politician inside, rather than the 50th story of a Miami beach hotel, from a fishing boat (do you think as we already know, security in Miami is lax, so will they flush away? I know, I know, much more fun watching a pretty girl for 8 weeks, burling her father's house to steal his wallet (which somehow, starring - getting transported from Miami to Texas right away) - maybe - get her to arrange for a politician to change hotel room and, and, and ... Well, a thousand things can go wrong here, anyone who completely destroys the big plan, so why don't the elements drop to a meaningful handful, like as - 1. bazooka. 2nd engine. 3. Tree! My 50 minute drive home theater was spending the plethora of bugs and stupid cod-hitchcockian turns, which unfortunately was the best fun of the whole pity experience. And for security back at Miami Airport ... we have a seemingly crazy and violent girl who drove off a plane, chased by police, who sat down in the chase to drink coffee elsewhere " read a magazine at a bar. runs like crazy up and down the entire terminal ... now also chased by mad Cillian Murphy (no CCTV?) - I pulled guns on me for 10 seconds at Miami Airport a few years back to park for the wrong place. ). So, instead of talking to the police - her allies - or getting the blower at a caller directly to her father to warn him, his life is in danger. McAdams prefers to steal a Family carrier from the airport courtyard. call the damn security ...) and drive home to daddy, cut the assassin with the vehicle in the front yard of the house, in a rich ward district shop, which smashes the foyer in the process - a wake-up call from an afternoon sniffing, after about a minute, but somehow not registering with neighbors who are not even curious, so ensuring 15 minutes of hide and seek shenanigans as the duo to the great Hollodeck type run around home. .. Dohhh, it actually hurts to think about it - Cillian (called Silly 'une to do this one?) Turn off fridge killer to a comical ominous (and unclear) lunatic killer at the end, this theoretically relentless transmitter of human life an ow so that the father can live so he can see how his daughter cooked her goose. I'd better stop because the stream of drift I write here should sound uncoordinated as the Red Eye script. If Ms McAdams couldn't get on the plane in the first place, the title could have changed, from 'Red Eye' to 'No Eye, Dear'. RR
