There are moments in this unique cartoon of pure beauty, but overall it's not very good. Limited animation as well as sub standard character and background design will limit the mass market appeal. The character design looks like a cross between the original Star Wars Clone Wars and Disney's Kim Possible, (Brendan, the main character in it also holds an uncomfortable deal with Ron Stoppable in Kim Possible). Background design varies as far as it is going to be thin and imprinting to stylish and slim, but according to today's standards it is generally poor and inexpensive. Many of the backgrounds had equal similarities with Eastern European or Nordic animation from the mid-80s, in their own way, but for modern children's audiences, they became accustomed to CG snail festivals and talks with every fur on their body. blowing in the wind. sure to disappoint. The story is not too tempting and many of the voice actors are not overly impressive, notably the usually brilliant Brendan Gleeson who seems to be in his part. There are also some secondary characters that appear as a little cliché and stereotypically racist. However, some characters are good, the Viking villains. Although not used, it is well done and is in both look and sound. There is one moment that involves the main character and his mentor is rescued by Wolves from a very good Viking attack. The look and feel was also inspired by the movie Watership Down, including a blatant coaching / tribute to the Ghost Rabbit or Inlay. The look is also clearly and naturally inspired by Gaelic / Celtic / Anglo-Saxon art. So if you are in these subjects, you can be drawn to its appearance. The movie also has moments of very well-structured shots that are eye-catching in a very artistic way, including a nice match and a large-scale Viking attack that is very moody and impressive. Best of all is the music, but much of the background music is melodic and moving, specifically the song by the ghost who is really beautiful and haunting and works great with the images it covers. If the whole movie, as this moment was so poetic (and try it) then it would be a very beautiful and poetic movie that unfortunately would not reach a wide audience, but it is not a shame that it will not reach wider . heard because most of them are average and cheap and do not meet modern animation standards. Overall a film that has clearly divided my opinion in many ways, but all together not well, but worth watching for the music and song and the occasional beautiful or scary moment. Oh yes and the cat has been living long ago, not sure how it was possible.
