Chris Rock deserves better than he gives himself in "Down to Earth". As indicated by brothers Chris & Paul Weitz of "American Pie" celebrity, this uninspired remake of Warren Beatty's 1978 fantasy, "Heaven Can Wait," himself a rehash of 1941, "Here comes Mr. Jordan," the rascal lacks -profane humor that Chris won. Rock An Emmy for his first HBO specialist. Predictably, he spits words from A to Z, but he consciously avoids the F word. Anyone who saw this coveted African American comedy in "Lethal Weapon 4", "Dogma" or "Nurse Betty" knows he can bring more fun with the F word than Martin Lawrence and Eddie Murphy bring. Unfortunately, despite some spectacular one-liners, Down To Earth hits rock bottom, as well as a confronted comedy and an unlikely interracial romance. <br /> <br /> "Down to Earth" destroys all the good will that the Weitz Brothers generate with their remarkably dried-out face "American Pie." This disposable drive qualifies as a confronted as well as confusing comedy with an unlikely color-blind, intriguing romance. Unfortunately, a more than capable cast is among them: The Full Monty's Mark Addy, Chazz Palminteri from Analyze This, SCTV's Eugene Levy, and newcomer Brian Rhodes as Charles Wellington, Jr.? footy, sketchy roles. Hardcore Rock fans will undoubtedly accuse their favorite comedian of trying to fix something that has never been broken. Finished by Lance Crouther, Ali Le Roi, Louis CK and Rock, "Down To Earth", Chris throws a bike daily in the Big Apple and is found in the Harlem's celebrated Apollo theater on stage. . Poor Lance Barton (Chris Rock) suffers from serious stage fright. Nevertheless, his charity manager Whitney Daniels (Frankie Faison of Hannibal) bumps into him through thick and thin. After Lance learned that the Apollo theater would hold a final amateur night extravaganza, Whitney ordered him to get into the series. Excuse me, but if Lance is such a deadly uprising, why does the Apollo again keep him out? Meanwhile, the lot has something in store for Lance. As we ride on his bike on the bike, our protagonist sees a beautiful woman, Sontee (Regina King or Jerry Maguire), crossing the street, but he doesn't see the bus crashing with him and killing him. Wham! Lance Barton blows skyward with a halo around his head. In heaven, which looks like a nightclub in a cruise ship, Lance teaches that an overwhelming angel, Mr. Keyes ("Stay Tuned") Eugene Levy ended his death 40 years before schedule. <br /> <br /> Heavenly Honor King (Chazz Palminteri of "Analyze This"), God's right hand, apologizes and guides Lance back to earth. The night is Lance can't give back his body, so he has to take another body. The best that Mr. Keyes may pop up, relentless, white, 60-year-old tycoon Charles Wellington. Wellington's adulterous wife Amber (Jennifer Coolidge of American Pie) and his unscrupulous personal help Winston (Greg Germann of "Sweet November") just tried to poison him. Reluctantly, before Wellington's body disappears, Lance conditionally accepts it as a borrower until Keyes finds a more appropriate body. Meanwhile, Lance-as-Wellington meets Sontee again. She is a nurse activist who declines his decision to privatize a Brooklyn community hospital serving the poor. While Regina King gives a review of charisma on her role as a crusader health worker, she plays a character that circumvents credible motivation in her affairs with Wellington. Although he is no longer black, Lance not only tries Sontee, but also wins a performance at the Apollo. <br /> <br /> "Down to Earth" features Rock in its most unfunny role. The comedian's reason for making this movie looks dubious. He said he had eaten lunch with Warren Beatty and told Beatty that he loved the original script written by scenario artist Elaine May. Initially, Beatty attempted to try the race reversal gimmick himself in his own version by throwing Muhammad Ali into the title role of "Heaven Can Wait." The deal went through, and Beatty wrote the movie himself. According to Rock, his long-time co-authors, he thought they could "destroy" these classics. In addition, he justified his choice of "Heaven Can Wait" based on his philosophy of doing what you can do only when you're hot. Earlier, Rock rejected a script on a bus truck tour rider because he had little opportunity to stretch his image in such an outing. As a lifeless comedian in "Down to Earth", Rock does not extend his image as much as he inverts it for the worst! This half-baked concert film with an annoying plot makes his camel's reputation as much as the Weitz Brothers! You know a movie about a comedian is in the difficult street when a scene is played at the nightclub so you can't hear the jokes, just the laugh. Likewise, the throw of Mark Addy as Wellington's butler speaking the Queen's English, but in fact a common Michigan is also logical. Addy is a real Englishman, and he doesn't have to lose an accent; his accent is real. The main dominant malice with "Down to Earth" is the once again on-the-weather, a similar switcheroo that makes the characters so that Chris Rock does not disappear from the face for just a few seconds. Although Chris spends half of the movie as white man Wellington, the audiences see him mostly as Lance, while he mastered the comic irony to explore his sturdy, bald, white, white, alter-ego-ghetto humor Incredibly Rock double compulsory as the film's executive producer and one of his four scribes. The mystery is how such a wealth of talent can eliminate such an awkward, wrong muddle of a comedy. About the only redeeming feature of "Down to Earth" is Jamshied Sharifi's excellent orchestral movie score.
