I think "The best of times" was a lost cause of the boost. The initial premise (the guys fall the winning attack card against a competitive high school team, it can never seem like it is coming over and trying to reunite the two teams) is one of the dumbest things I've ever heard. Since Ron Shelton wanted to write much better sports films, I wonder if there was more to it. I hope this movie is not lit green with Shelton who is posting the story as I wrote above. <br /> <br /> So we have the point of departure. From there you will think or hope there may be some twists along the way to keep things alive. No such luck. This script follows every predictable cliché you can think of. There is not a moment in this movie, you do not see a mile before the film reveals it and the end. Well, if you can't figure out the end of the first line, then you haven't seen it or seen any other sports movies in your life. <br /> <br /> Robin Williams and Kurt Russell star (and drill) in the lead. Williams is the poor schmo who dropped the big pass and Russell is the quarterback who threw the fatal pass. Give, do you think Russell will only fit once to see if he and Williams can make a mistake that has never forgotten the town? It is such a lame duck comedy with a lame duckling that one can only shake their heads and wonder what might have been. Certainly there are a few chuckles and frankly there is one really funny scene. Williams and Russell have marital problems and the women invite them for dinner to fix things. No one realizes they were invited on a Monday, and yes, Monday night football is on. Keep in mind that the two teams that play, a joint one win, the men (Williams in particular) are trying to resist the temptation to figure out how the game goes. The scene breaks down into some hilarious pieces, as Williams will check the score by using a bathroom visit as a ruse. When he returns, he coughs the count to Russell. Later, as Russell starts moving his wife, Williams rolls the television to their view from another room. <br /> <br /> It's an inspired and funny scene in a mostly uninspired and silly movie.
