Empty Check is one of those children's films that could have been a great thriller for the kids. Instead, it's a tired lame home-ripoff house that's not worth a dime. Quigley is a criminal who has just escaped from prison and gets his hidden million dollars from a big score and then we meet Preston a frustrated child whose room is taken over by his brothers to start a business and of course Pa has brothers treat better because they earn money. The same day he goes to a child's birthday party and as his father is a cheap one, he goes on small children's rides while the other kids go on a roller coasters, then he gets a birthday card and a check of $ 11 how cheap is this family? So he goes to the bank to open an account and meets the beautiful Shea Stanley, were her parents with supporters? He finds that he needs 200 to open an account. Quigley gives his million to his banker friend and finds out the bills are marked so he will send a broken juice to get the unmarked children when Preston runs his bike through Quigley. writing a check when he stabbed the police and bolts at home, his parents shocked him about his busted bike and got what? their child almost overflowed and they are worried about a bicycle? So Preston throttles a million dollar check via his computer and comes back just to be guided to the banker thinking he sap he gives Preston the money, but the real juice came and realized they were being bribed by a child! So Preston buys a house under the name Macintosh gets a limo driver who says unfunny jokes and goes on an epic shopping spree then he is suddenly Shea and talks about opening his account kid you are loading and you are talking about opening from an account? We soon realized that Shea was actually an FBI agent locating Quigley and his two other accomplices then said he had told his cheap father. He has a job for Mr Macintosh. He spends the day playing cards for games and hanging out with his limo driver. He goes out on a date with Shea in a fine restaurant, which is a 10-year-old wine and eats a 20 FBI agent? Then he took her to a street geyser and played in Shea's 300 dollar dress in the water, but she took it well if it was a little realistic that she would hit him to beat her expensive dress so quistley small child and spills the beans quickly and Preston is followed by quigley in a scene taken from the original script and then he is the birthday of Mr. Macintosh's birthday which is really his birthday when he discovers he can't pay for the feast he speaks to his chairman and dad with Macintosh, what he doesn't know, it's his son he speaks to and speaks about Preston, a must be real child and have his entire childhood in front of him and want Preston to go home early? An hour ago you grilled him on his finances! So Preston asks everyone to let go and sit alone and think when Quigley and the others break into the house to pay Preston and so he stands in a final that just cries at home. Quigley is jumping into a ball while Preston traces a bit of Kartsap trapped in the groin and more saddened to the Preston trio and when it seems, all hope is lost and a lot of SWAT guys come to the day. save and so is Quigley and his crew sent in jail, but is there any hope for Preston and Shea? there is and she kisses him in the lips what? what? what? An adult woman kissed a child in her lips. come on is she mentally disabled? I mean an FBI agent who knows the country's laws will run her career to kiss a child? she can be arrested on the spot! And the most beautiful part of it is it's not goodbye and she'll see him in 6 or 7 years! o dear and so does he come home to his family who celebrates his birthday so that the morale of the story can be bought love and respect? What do they smoke? The bottom line is it is a waste of time the moral is shaky it is flat as a tortilla the child is annoying the villains are lame the comic relief is not funny the brothers are unlikely the father is even worse the romantic subplot is creepy the plot's level and the only saving grace is the cinema of the Bill pope who shot the matrix trilogy and two of the Spider-Man films so people don't waste your money and rather go home. <br /> <br /> It's a Samuel Franco review.
