Two years ago, at the Berlin Film Festival, we watched the Amos Kollek movie "Sue" in the Panorama program, with a wonderful Anna Thomson in the front part. It is a film about loneliness and sex, and how one thing is compensated by the other. In the same section of the festival, we now have to complain about the unnecessary antithesis of Sue, "Extension du domaine de la lutte", which we are trying to convince that loneliness and NO generation are the same problem. But unfortunately we cannot sympathize with "our hero" (how he is called by the storyteller), because he is unnecessarily tired of the company and himself. Own fault, I'm sorry. I can't understand him. Not enough, the author / director / actor would like to admit that it is not his destroyed self-consciousness or the passivity of his personality, which has brought him so far, but the rotten society and his image of sexuality. Yes, there are some deeper insights on gender relations, but we will not follow him so far. And the point is that there is rather a sign of reflection on his own part, without sex. Who hasn't noticed yet, it's a pretty depressing movie ... <br /> <br /> In the beginning, it was beginning to be more accurate to sketch the situation. At the bedding shop, the "hero" talks about the barriers that a new bed is buying. Maybe it's too wide to get on the stairs, you have to stay halfway home. It's a satire about a character who doesn't take life and heart into hand. DO something ... The movie does not follow this path, but handle its characters with helplessness. Nobody believes "our hero" can initiate Tisserand for a murder. Too dim, too friendly, too - passive (Tisserand's complex not mentioned, he has an inhibition, but of course he can't be a killer of women!). To finish: There are women and the world, it is not a device of a modern sex community. Help yourself as you can, but don't follow the messages and "wisdom" of this movie that reveals bankruptcy to human relationships without intervening in the real conflicts.
