For anyone who likes predictable movies with a terrific soundtrack, lack of dialogue, clicks on the wazoo, and also stereotypes that are typically typical of an American movie, look no further. DreamWorks, whether it wanted to save money on voting talent, or really wanted to create an animated National Geographic episode; Somehow they managed to produce a rather juicy and boring movie. Spirit: The Cimarron stallion is a drill party that sends mixed signals to children and adults, and does not fail to entertain despite the exaggerated theme of animals triumphing over humanity. After watching the amazing animations, all you have left is nothing but a big mess. <br /> <br /> Spirit is about a stallion that looks like a handful from the beginning, because it is a horse that can't be tamed, calmed or controlled. As a result, he rises and becomes the leader of his group of high-spirited horses, including his mother. But his life of freedom and running around suddenly comes when he is captured by a group of Americans in the process of linking the Wild West with the rest of the country. During this time, Spirit (who is never actually called the whole movie) has almost become a courageous native American, and a fellow female horse, and also has a lot to do with the cynical and cruel armies who do not believe in giving up. . <br /> <br /> Why do movies mix computer animation with traditional? It comes down and looks a bit apart. There's also something that Spirited Away has suffered. Best example is when a train rushes to spirit; you see the hand-drawn spirit running from a computer animated train. It will look much better if it is one or the other, but not both; Unless you can really draw some good effects. Beauty and The Beast's well-known dance series uses computer animation, but it is nowhere as clear as the train or the snow in this movie. The opening sequence was the nicest part of the movie, a bit sad to see the rest of the movie a little downhill in terms of quality. A small scene has multiple; I mean multiple similar shots of just a general's face, pretty repetitive and annoying in my opinion. <br /> <br /> The kids can enjoy this movie, but with a lack of dialogue, song and motivation it can be perfect. technique to let hyper children fall asleep. While Disney is being criticized for its animated musicals, they become much more entertaining than a more realistic approach to telling such a story. Bryan Adams has no place in this movie, and why does Hans Zimmer stay away from using a Western theme in this movie, when it is a story in Old West? Soundtrack sounds a bit if you ask me. At least they use realistic sounds of horses, two points for this. Still, if you don't like to talk to horses, why did a narrator interrupt so often, which just as the main character does? <br /> <br /> Native Americans are nice and Western people are angry, indigenous, horse torture, rough, psychopathic monsters to be destroyed. More or less, that's what Spirit shows us. It reaches a point where they are trying so hard for the viewers to hate the travelers of the Wild West; they even had a scene of several horses pulling a big train on a hill and another scene of them destroying a whole village of natives. Now the person has befriended Spirit, betraying him more than one occasion, but it is forgiven, apparently because he is not a soldier. it or because he has the cheerful female horse. <br /> <br /> Spirit is not exactly a victim we should be sorry for; the viewer must engage with Spirit despite endangering his entire horse horses, causing destruction, and even the result of a number of death guards out of the screen that are quickly shifted because oh no, Spirit is in trouble! This movie becomes quite rhythmic, as in many cases we escaped Spirit, escaped from chains, kicked people, destroyed property, set horses free and then caught again - all in the same order. The authors also seem to be obsessed with cliffs because they are sprinkled over the film; For an Old West movie they definitely have very little room to walk around. <br /> <br /> Bottom Line: It's definitely not a Disney movie, and it's actually a bad thing, even if that's what they're aiming for. So, instead of the typical music, we get a boring movie that in many cases becomes predictable, boring and slow. Even the decent animation is contradictory when the computer work is filed. Everything about this movie was just wrong; Some of the ideals that Americans were not native to were bad buffalo, the soundtrack and musical score just as far away. Kill Bill Vol. 2, which has almost nothing to do with Old West, has more of a Western feel than this movie. Do yourself a favor and skip it completely. Thank you.
