It's great to make a monumental film film like Oliver Stone, Brian DePalma, Al Pacino, and even Michelle Pfiefer. It's great to see people so rich and "successfully" spend their time on one of the most forgotten, thin and pathetic film-making of all time. This movie is the worst of Hollywood. <br /> <br /> What is it? It is based on a true story. Well, they start with some basic news bites and facts they read from the US today. But then the movie goes to a fantasy world and a "Cuban" refugee is going to make it into the US drug subculture. kind of like rocky on cocaine. Is this a movie about Cuba or Cuba? For my life, I don't believe there is a single Cuban in this movie. The accents are completely fake, and scene with Antonio's mother looks like a US American poster. The whole scene looks like something from the Dick Van Dyke show. Is this movie about Miami? It looks more like L.A. converted to Florida. Then a palm tree is a palm tree. It's a romance novel. The relationship between Pacino and Pfeiffer is so obvious from the getgo, and there is no possibility that these two characters can ever care for each other. Is it a drug movie? Well, no issues of obsession or addiction are even mentioned. The behavior of the actors following a line of coke is nothing but a water drink. Admittedly, the play is terrible. <br /> <br /> Let's get to the rest. The music is disgusting and sounds like Latin lift music or something from a Lawrence Welk show. I think I heard a polka? The camera work is slim with too much movement and much more taps than ever effective. Obviously, the photography budget was excessive. The sound is bleached in a number of places, and the dialogue seems to be in a warehouse. The writing is terrible. This is one of those movies where the writing itself writes. You are dragged from one piece of dialogue to the next, each pushing the plot like a bag of bricks. <br /> <br /> So I'm going to ask, is it even a movie? It can be a drama series for two and a half hours. But at least a drama series has some sort of focus. Maybe it's just a bunch of bad plays that have been screened together. Either way, movie or not, it's a piece of crap.
