THIS HAS SPOILERS. <br /> <br /> I rarely saw a movie that is as incredible as this one. And that's French, try to be depth by being mysterious ?? nothing really makes sense. <br /> <br /> Leo is gay and has just announced to his family that he is HIV positive. The youngest brother, Marcel, has not yet cost breakfast and the first thing the family does is that he is too young to tell at the age of 12. Maybe if he was four or five, but twelve? The first totally amazing thing is that the family doesn't even ask where or how it has the virus, how long did it know about it? nothing is asked. They're just worried about Marcel finding out. It is a very nearby provincial family, but although they decide not to let Marcel know about Leo's HIV positive status or the fact that he is gay, the rest of the family accepts all this news with absolutely no questions or responses no. How many families do you know where parents / brothers would not have at least ONE response to one of the members announcing that he was gay? Here, nothing. <br /> <br /> Leo decides to go to Paris to see his former lover. And he decides to go with, from all people, Marcel. Do you know someone who would bring his little brother to see a lover? Again, totally unbelievable, especially since Marcel should not know any of his medical problems or his homosexuality. If so, as the family has decided to let him know, it is quite brutal and incredible. <br /> <br /> Leo will find his beloved Aymeric at work in a Paris pub. The owner says Aymeric won't be there until early in the evening. But why would Leo see him at work? Why not call and arrange to see him somewhere more private where they can really talk? Why won't he see his house? But no, Leo shows later in the day (with Marcel in tow) and is surprised when Aymeric not only drops everything to walk with him for 5 minutes. Aymeric told him he was no longer available, that it was Leo who had left him, and that Leo had not answered any of his letters. Leo says, "But I love you" and then walk off. But if he really loved Aymeric, wouldn't he at least tell him about his HIV status, to warn him of getting tested and maybe to get medication? It would be the least he could do ?? but not a peep. He did not leave and even warned Aymeric that he could have contracted the Aids virus. It's totally irresponsible to him? and of the filmmakers; This film is apparently made for a French TV show for young people? This is the perfect way to show children how to be responsible. Well, not here? I think "Every man for himself" is still the French way of doing things? Another aspect of the movie that was totally incredible was the touchy-feely aspect. Everyone always leans against someone, caress someone or kiss someone. Within the family and outside the family. I have never seen anyone in France, this is physical, no matter for a whole family. At the breakfast table, a 17-year-old brother puts his leg on the lap of his older brother, and the older brother caresses his leg as everyone sits down to discuss something. How many brothers do you know who is physically close? In another scene, the same 17-year-old arrives in Marcel's room and asks, "What is the matter, can't you sleep?", Then take off his clothes and, completely naked, go to bed with his brother and snuggle. to him as if they were lovers. This and another similar scene between Leo and Marcel gave a somewhat complicated feel to the film. Sorry, I don't think it's regular behavior among teenage brothers. <br /> <br /> The only good thing I can say about the movie is that the actors are all pretty good ?? especially Marcel in the lead. But it wasn't really enough? HIV and Aids are too serious to be presented in such a vague and irresponsible light. At the end of the film, the family went to the cemetery to bury Leo, but again Marcel was left out of there? He was left in the care of a cousin (I think). Nevertheless, he sneaks out and looks at the funeral from afar. Is that what such a closed family would have done? It is totally unthinkable that they would not have included him in his brother's funeral. It was the last scene of the movie, and it was the last straw for this viewer.
