The recent revival of the show on the American television screens has reached a celebrated pitch since the first episode of "The Bachelor." Incredible audiences have since been subjected to numerous clones and variations, including "The Bachelorette", "Joe Millionaire", "For Love or Money" and the eclectic "Married by America." In the hope of cashing in on this trend while making a new demographic note, Bravo has unleashed the disastrous "Boy Meets Boy" in the world. And they may all have compassion on us. <br /> <br /> The premise is simple and designed to be light-hearted. A favorable gay man is heard by a number of defendants, eliminated with display until one remains. , but there is a twist. Half of the men are actually straight. This is not much of a big problem, but the inherent malice of the scenario begins after the installment is heard. If the gay man at the end of the show estimates a straight man, the straight man becomes a cash prize. The gay man gets nothing, or at least nothing more than a few secretive gifts, a pat on the back and a hearty round of "Aren't you ashamed? Well, thank you for playing!" <br /> <br /> Just like the equally painful "Queer Eye For The Straight Guy" (another Bravo program), this show is another example of stereotypes that go crazy. What is even worse is the fact that straight men play these stereotypes for cash. The manufacturers of this show believe that all you have to do is put enough hair gel in a man's hair, dress in Abercrombie & Fitch with a few designer sandals, pull it off all body hair and grease and voila! It's the gay equivalent to making a white performer in black, and just as offensive to ours - like me - being really gay and not dressing / acting like that. This implies that gays have no variance or chance of individuality, that they cannot act like real people, just like stereotypes. However, do not remember the fact that the bank of defendants in any kind of diversity lacks much. Everyone is gymnastics, most are white and everything seems to scrub and clean. <br /> <br /> This is another example of how, instead of enabling gays as dynamic individuals to promote variety and change, Hollywood has once again taken a stereotype and is running on it completely the bank. I really feel dirty looking at this show, like a gay man who sees this ceaseless parade of softcore pornography as legitimate television. 1 out of 10.
