I watched full house when I was younger and I can't understand why I did it. I really don't remember enjoying the show. I think I and the majority of Americans who watch it are hypnotized by his bad. It will put you in a trance state and it will not go back. I'm still scarce, but I'm trying to continue. I know it's a family program, but that doesn't mean it should be so bad. The show is SO cliché with every episode ending with a "talk" from the father to get rid of everyone's problems. The characters at the show are all riotous. There is a well-known, clean, funny dad who wants to hit the screen every time, on the screen. We then have a so-called "rocker" uncle who is just there to look good to the mothers who should see this shit. We have another uncle who is totally unfriendly to the Bullwinkle impressions lamp (I have to say more about him). There is the oldest daughter who can't act and always dare to do something. Then a middle-aged girl always says, "HOW RED!" almost everything someone says. Finally there is the youngest daughter Michelle. Don't start playing Michelle, but the horrible actors known as The Olsen Twins. If you believe in Christianity, you think you will associate her with the antichrist. She always demands things, trying too hard to be "cute", constantly saying "DUH!" and roll her eyes that make you want to hit her. I'm not a big fan of using many physical abuse as a punishment for children. But in her case I would accept an acceptance. She needed it daily. She is the most selfish character ever introduced to the mainstream television. One example is when her rocker uncle is doing his job on the attic. The brat decides to continually irritate him and ask for attention. He screamed for her and she was upset. SMALL BABY! The rest of the episode is catering to her emotional needs and the uncle finally apologizes to her. UGGHH! The performance will lower your IQ, along with the slow destruction of your will to live. I'm surprised we didn't hear the news that the whole house is playing in the background when police find people who have committed suicide. Do yourself a favor and do not look at the rest of the show. You will thank me later.
