For most younger viewers out there, they probably have no idea who Buster Keaton was. So, because of this, they probably won't feel so sad when they watch this movie as I did. I'm a quiet comedy freak - I just see just about every Keaton movie that still exists. I'm a big fan that makes this picture very painful from start to finish. This is because Keaton was a very lively and creative comedian during his quiet days. He was incredible in his physics and his films were almost never sowing. In a move that film historians still amazed, at the end of the silent era, Keaton surrendered its independence and became an MGM actor. Instead of being a great creative force, MGM now saw Keaton as an actor - and they wrote scripts for him who had no respect for what made him great. Initially, these movies were not too bad with MGM (like the CAMERAMAN), but with talkies the studio really blew it - into several movies with Jimmy Durante. Durante's humor was based on his gift for gab and was shed. Keaton, by contrast, was quiet and action-based. Two other than and incompatible actors would have been difficult to find. Because of this deadly combination, Keaton really made horrible movies. <br /> <br /> Now, it's not that SPEAK EASILY is a horrible movie. No, instead, it is just more of a time manager and an incredibly unfriendly one. In fact, if you're in the movie assuming it's a comedy, it'll probably make the movie harder to enjoy. Instead, it's like a drama with some comic elements. It's NOT a movie that will produce abdominal lambs - especially for Keaton fans. <br /> <br /> The movie starts in a strange environment. Keaton was thrown as a college professor whose whole life was teaching. He doesn't know anything about the world and holds his nose in his books. Keaton's clerk struck him in a bizarre move in the believer Keaton received $ 750,000 from a dead family member. Hopefully it will encourage Keaton to go out and enjoy life. It is incredibly constructed, but it manages in a way to work. Not very good, but it works. <br /> <br /> Keaton immediately leaves school and goes to New York for fun. On the way there, he meets with an incredibly unmatched theater group. Because he doesn't know anything about the world, they don't seem to stink. And because he thinks he's rich, Keaton decides to take them all to New York to run on Broadway. But just before the show opens, she finds friends that Keaton is NOT rich. So, they decide not to tell Keaton and try to keep him away from process servants who want to close the show. They assume that if the show is a hit, they can pay off the debt and everyone will be happy. However, they forget that the show itself stinks. What should they do? And will Keaton get the pretty girl, called by a gold digger (Thelma Todd) or broken flat and alone? If you care, watch the movie. <br /> <br /> As far as Keaton is concerned, he has few stunts in the film, although there are a few dandy's near the end. Instead, Keaton, just kind of, walks through the section in a very muted manner. There is very little to love about this movie or hate. It's just blue .... when it had to be a lot better.
