This one came out during the last healing of the Western genre; Unfortunately, it seems to be a very small and totally unsatisfactory attempt - even if it's done by and with veterans in the field! To begin with, the plot doesn't offer anything new: James Coburn escapes from a chain gang, with the intention of killing the man (now retired) who let him down there - Charlton Heston. While the latter is setting a trap for him, Coburn shoots Heston by kidnapping his daughter (Barbara Hershey). Of course, the former attorney - accompanied by Hershey's Greenhorn fiancé (Chris Mitchum) - is in the pursuit of Coburn and his followers, all of whom have been in prison with him. <br /> <br /> Instead of the ordinary sub-Ford style of action, McLaglen goes for a Sam Peckinpah approach - with which he is never completely reassured: apostate characters, great violence and sexual tension generated by Hershey's presence under Coburn's amusing forest. Incidentally, Heston and Coburn were previously in a Sam Peckinpah Western - the upset MAJOR DUNDEE (1965); I have to add the restored edition of this one to DVD, although I recently had the theatrical pan-and-scan format of TCM UK. Anyway, the movie is too generic to suggest the elegant mood it is clearly striving for (also represented by the title): then both stars have already paid an appropriate valediction to these most American genres - WILL PENNY (1968 ) for Heston and Coburn with PAT GARRETT & BILLY THE KID (1973)! <br /> <br /> However, Heston retains at least a dignified dignity here - its aging character tries to stay ahead of the Coburn half-breadth by expecting its next move; The latter, however, tackles an unusual brutal role and only really comes into its own against the climax. (Review his moment of revenge by urging Heston to testify his associates' gang rape of Hershey). Apart from the latter, in this long line, Heston sees that he borrowed Coburn with a trick of his own EL CID (1961), the ominous gang being trapped in a forest fire fueled by the practiced Heston and the violent killing the two obsolete a protagonist (like his fashion, Heston's demise takes the form of a free sacrifice!). The supporting film includes Michael Parks as inefficient city custodian, Jorge Rivero as Coburn's Mexican lieutenant, and Larry Wilcox - of the TV series CHiPs! - as the youngest member of Coburn's gang who assigned the task to look over Hershey (while doing his best to keep his mates away!). Jerry Goldsmith contributes to a nice but at the same time unbeatable score.
