First of all, my cordial commissions to anyone who bought a movie ticket in the hope of seeing a movie in the same form as the fantastic Gregory's Girl and Local Hero, but eventually left the scene disappointed and vague. Although it is true that successors are usually some notable exceptions, it is a mistake and it only exists to provide studio executives with an opportunity to earn money for the success of a previous film by us. either a thinly disguised repetition of the original story or a plot line so far removed from the intention of the original that the tracked film does not make sense. In the case of Gregory's Two Girls, Bill Forsyth has the dubious honor of managing both sins - on the one hand reviewing Gregory's Girl's plot, while serving a first-class incredible and moronic story with Scottish arms dealers. Schoolboy Gregory is now a teacher at the same school where at the age of sixteen he had a hopeless passion for the soccer game Dorothy. Although thirty-five, Gregory still has a hopeless passion, but now for the soccer player Frances, also sixteen, despite the fact that the music teacher Bel made it clear that she was attracted. His passion for Frances and his desire to impress her leadership on his involvement in a scheme to expose a local arms dealer who is also an old school friend. There is no point to go further, because the rest of the story is forgotten and the end doesn't make sense at all. The main problem lies under the character of Gregory himself, as there is no sign of the engaging and charming sixteen-year-old Gregory who is actively and comically pursuing Dorothy convinced that he will eventually win her. At thirty, Gregory was introduced to us as a rather sad and friendly creature whose life is not active or comical. Out of work, his time is spent watching Noam Chomsky's videos and reading international injustice magazines. As his friends and family had disappeared from the previous movie, save two eyeless scenes with his younger sister, who no longer gives advice or is not interested in his life, we are confused about what Gregory really wants, who he is and why he is like him. For example, why is he friendly? Why does he never see his father, what is still clear? Why did he come back to teach at the school he once attended? Why is he so interested in Noam Chomsky and injustice? Why did he become so apathetic? Why was he attracted to Frances? Why doesn't he get dressed for Bel until the last twenty minutes of the movie? What in heaven's name does Bel or Frances see in him as if he's not dead or wonderful? Why is he still trying to impress Frances even after he and Bel have become an item and when they threaten association to completely disrupt his life? Are we really to believe that a Scottish arms dealer who openly sells torture weapons to oppressive regimes could evade the media investigation, but some schoolchildren missed out? Does Gregory really mean that a handful of computers fall into the sea, anything will change? To make matters worse, actor John Gordon Sinclair tries to fix his performance as adolescent Gregory to the facial expressions and uncomfortable body language. Unfortunately, it comes just as strange and vaguely scary at a thirtieth age. In addition, it is difficult to experience any sympathy or empathy with a teacher who had sexually erotic dreams with one of their uniform-bearing pupils while lying on a pile of gym mats. Instead of being amusing, it just beat pedophilia. It's hard to know what Bill Forsyth's head went to when writing this script, or why he thought original movie fans would embrace a story that was completely lacking in the charm, warmth and warmth of the first movie. in a classic. I can only assume that the plan was to make a movie about a man who refused to grow up and live adult and perhaps whose happiest memory was to be sixteen and the most beautiful girl in the school striving, but being forced to assume that a life has lived in the past is not a life at all. This could at least be the basis of a film that was thematically interesting and intelligent. As it is, Gregory's Two Girls 116 is wasted and useless minutes that mean nothing and even less. Gregory's Girl was responsible for starting Bill Forsyth's career. It is hoped that Gregory's Two Girls will not be responsible for letting it sink.
