Jochen Hick wrote this little thriller and directed a suspense film based on the concept that the AIDS virus was a sheep virus mutated by the government to get rid of the world of gays and was apparently in the years ahead the outbreak of the terrible disease tested on criminal justice. . If it wasn't for the poignancy of the concept of the movie, it would fall into the category of many films about the destruction of the world by an unbridled, non-harmful infectious organism. <br /> <br /> Stefan (Tom Wlaschiha) travels from Berlin to San Francisco to investigate his father's scientific assumptions about the induced sheep virus and the consequences of the prisoners in whom it was sent. He meets with contempt and resistance to a dead theory, but also meets some who know the theory and support his investigation. Simultaneously with his visit, a series of serial killings are taking place, each victim is similarly killed and apparently accompanied by music tribes of Puccini's opera 'Turandot' which opens only to the San Francisco opera. A police investigator, Louise Tolliver (Irit Levi) and her co-policeman (Kalene Parker) follow the murders while Stefan tries the rounds of the San Francisco gender clubs and troops to find men who could be guinea pigs for his father's theory. He meets a strange boy Jeffrey (Jim Thalman) with whom he has a cat and mouse appeal and a prominent doctor Burroughs (Richard Conti) who looks strange to the role-players of suspects. How it all comes to an end is the drama of the film, a story so much about the search for self-identity between Stefan and Jeffery, as this is a case for murder investigation. While Tom Wlaschiha, Jim Thalman and Richard Conti are doing well with their roles (they are the only three to have any previous acting experience in the movie!), The quality of the movie is significantly reduced by the less than acceptable, minimally talented Irit Levy and Kaylene Parker: When Screen Captures the Credibility of the Story Zero. There are a few small cameos by other actors who brighten the screen for the moments in which they live, but in the whole movie are drowned by the incessant repetition of 'Nessun villages' as sung by Mario del Monaco from a recording o opera . Making the movie! Good idea for a movie and some good characterizations by the actors, but there is no decision of the initial premise that the whole thing started. Grady Harp, February 06
