The plot of "Astronuat returns to Earth as a mutant monster" died in the 1950s, mainly to the scientific fact that traveling beyond Earth's orbit does not cause people to move to mutated monsters and that the first film to to use it plot THE QUATERMASS EXPERIMENT was the only decent sci-fi movie to use the idea. So the idea of ​​the remaining plot return seems doomed from the beginning. Alas looks at the indescribable meltman, the plot seems to be the least of his problems. <br /> <br /> First, it's an incredibly bad movie. The budget is in single numbers and I'm not talking about lira dollars. There is no cinematography to speak of and there are countless editors. For example, a photographer takes his (rare legal) model for a photo shoot. Cut to a shot where the sun is directly behind the model, then cut to photographer shot where the sun is directly behind him, then cut back to the model where the sun is ... <br /> <br /> The lack to budget, the film also drags in other aspects. According to the trivia page, the budget was so low that the producers could not find supplies of Saturn, so when astronaut Steve West mentions how beautiful Saturn sees us, we get footage from the sun. Actually, the sun gives the most impressive performance in the film, as the human actors would not be employed by a porn studio. If I appear here, I would not be afraid of the eponymous monster - I would be scared of splinters from the rest of the cast. Perhaps we should be a little forgiving as the obvious shortage of budget is visible in things like the actors who have to wear their own clothes. For example, a general does not wear his stylish dress uniform with medals - he wears a denim jacket and baseball cap <br /> <br /> There must be a suspension of unbelief for a movie like this to work, but it fails on every level. The scene is early in the film where Mr. Melty killed a nurse and escaped from hospital. Instead of police making a call, there is a murder. Dr Nelson only decides to locate his patient himself, as he is looking for a missing cat. It is also strange that a thorough dissolving murderous monster can get in the way without anyone noticing it, but it is typical of a movie where horny 70-year-olds stop their car for fast roads and call people who are careless. woman is pregnant while they forget to tell police have a monster on the loose. <br /> <br /> The UNDERSTANDING MELTINGMAN is Z-grade garbage. I can understand why people enjoy this movie because it reaches the heights of "It's so bad it's good", but apart from Rick Baker's sometimes impressive makeup effects, it's nothing more than a very guilty pleasure
