Emma is my favorite Jane Austen novel. Emma is well-intentioned despite her shortcomings, so readers can forgive and love her, and the relationship she has with Mr Knightley. It is warm, familiar, respectful, but playful, offering the warm, unclear, romantic excitement. Mr. Knightley is the perfect man, and Emma is as close as you could get to an independent, smart, confident woman. Remember, she is only 21, and she was sure to be out of her mind. Who doesn't want to be Emma? Who doesn't want to be told by Mr Knightley? This version of Emma gives you no sense of the stuff I like about Emma. I couldn't even do it, I found it so terribly. I couldn't see that warm, generous side of Emma, ​​forcing the reader to love her: the patience and warmth she showed to her father; the closeness between her and mrs. Weston, proving that she is willing to put her friend's happiness above herself (as she offers the only equal partner in her household by sending Miss Taylor's marriage). Mr Woodhouse's character in this adjustment just seems bizarre, rather than just gorgeous, elderly and a little trying. <br /> <br /> This adjustment fails the most important relationship between Mr. Knightley and Emma. Their relationship is based on mutual respect and love. Mr. Knightley is committed to Emma's slight mistakes that trust her intelligence and real care for others will never allow her to be terribly deceived; and Emma looks at him, even though it's nice to hide it and use his own judgment. The appeal he gave her at the start of the show completely overshadowed the argument between them and ruined all the possibilities of portraying the nature of their relationship as described above. Mr Knightley is also insufficiently attractive to bring the sexual tension between the leaders (or to inspire any admiration of the female viewers). <br /> <br /> Really terrible. I can't understand why anyone who really wants the novel Emma really wants, unless it miraculously saves herself after turning it off.
