With the exception of about 10 sublime minutes with HB Warner on the heavenly train, it was 94 minutes' jaw! The scene was frightening, but the story is what I really found terrible. The acting was wood and stilted, even by early talkies standards (the exceptions are Lee Tracy and HB Warner, who also can't do wrong). Rose Hobart was absolutely horrible and lifelong like Julie (as she was in 1932, Dr Jekyll and Hyde, an otherwise excellent movie). And the rest of the role was worse, there were no words to describe their horror. <br /> <br /> But the story was worse than the acting. For some unknown reason, Julie loves Liliom, a cad and woman user with no reasoning at all. He marries July, but does not support her, sits in bed all day or hangs with his lower-life criminal (Lee Tracy). And, oh yes, he never had a friendly word to say to Julie and he beat her regularly. However, Julie loves him and continually makes excuses for him, which just makes him look more insulting. What is even worse is that this movie presents this story to us as a love story. Somehow we need to see Julie as a noble character whose pure love saves Liliom. WTF? <br /> <br /> The last 1/3 of this movie takes place after Liliom has killed himself (a robbery grave goes wrong and Liliom throws a knife in himself instead of taking in police). When he died, he told Julie: "I've been beating you all the time, but I'm not sorry about that." When he finally dies, she finally tells him she loves him. (No character has ever said that I have a love for you.) After his death, God's chief rose, Liliom, gives another day on earth so that he can do something for his unborn daughter. The price for this is 10 years in hell. After 10 years, Liliom is one day allowed on earth to see his now 10-year-old daughter. He approaches her in the front yard of her home and tries to encourage her to let him "do well for her"; he tries to get her to play cards, he tries to give her Gabriel's horn, but she does not interest him. So he slammed her. He said. Slaps. Her. And then he disappears back to the afterlife. Looking for, we see his daughter, says Julie of this. The girl says the blow didn't hurt, it felt like a kiss. It's supposed to be the movie's magical moment. The girl asks her mother if anything is possible, and Julie replies that someone can beat you and beat you and beat you and won't hurt you at all. Then the music swells and Liliom travels to heaven in the heavenly train. Sheet metal toys! <br /> <br /> There was one saving grace for this movie, and that's the interview between the Chief Magistrate (HB Warner was really beautiful here) and Liliom on the heavenly train. The magistrate has some very profound things to say to Liliom about life and second chances and death. This scene alone made me score 1 to 2 stars. Regarding Liliom's suicide as a way of escaping his troubles, the magistrate says: "People assume that when they die, their problems are ended for them. You thought you were killing yourself for canceling all your responsibilities. It is not that simple On earth your name is still spoken, your face is still remembered.As long as someone remains who remembers you, it does not matter so long until you are completely forgotten, you will not be finished with the Earth, though you are dead. " Some great, sublime transcendental stuff among some of the most terrible garbage I've ever seen. <br /> <br /> By the way, this story has been filmed many times, both as "Liliom" and as the musical "Carousel."
