Universal's answer to "The Exorcist" is not very good. Unfortunately, the film offers a blatant, impressive direction by Michael Winner, wasting an excellent movie with a scratch-plot plot hole. Not to mention, it is unbearably stupid, and never explains certain key elements in the story. <br /> <br /> Model Cristina Raines moves into a tall building owned by the Catholic Church, with a creepy blind priest, John Carradine, always at the window. She begins to suffer from poor rape and nausea. What's worse is tenants she meets in the building like Burgess Meredith (with a cat and a canary!) And a young Beverly D'Angelo as a lesbian. Ava Gardner (looks good at 55) is the Realtor who showed Raines the place. Cristina's lover is Chris Sarandon, whose wife "commits suicide" after finding out they have a relationship. José Ferrer has a small role as the "Priest of the Brotherhood" who informs Monsignor Arthur Kennedy of being cautious, as he mainly plays the role of not only housing Carradine, but also Raines. Sarandon sent a hired hand to the high one night to look at a certain room above Cristina's apartment where she heard metal clamp and other hard rocket. He died the same night. Cristina "killed" her father's death in a nightmare. Cristina indeed has blood on the street, leading police detective Eli Wallach and partner Christopher Walken to investigate with certainty that it somehow returns to Sarandon who is a hot shot lawyer who once hit the police. court on the whole woman's suicide. This case is really a motivating factor, is Wallach's dogged approach to find out who's blood really was on Cristina and if Sarandon has anything to do with it. You also have Martin Balsam as professor who understands that this kind of Latin Cristina secretly understands and unfair actors such as Jeff Goldblum as fashion photographer and Tom Berenger as a man interested in this particular room that became available in the room (now renovated) that Cristina stayed once! What bother me more than ever is a lack of explanation. By the end of the film Wallach and Walken are forgotten and we wonder how they just stop and stop investigating. Their characters are only left on the back burner. How the priests know that "now is the time" when a certain man will die and must be replaced to protect a certain gate at that height and why Cristina suffers from the trauma she is doing is not adequately explained. How certain ghosts just appear to Cristina and disappear when she tries to show the rooms they did not adequately explain during the birthday of a cat (see for yourself). Not to mention Gardner's role in the big scheme of things. She brings people to the climax, but what's really her reasons in the movie? It seems that this movie had to be longer and give up things that were lost to a rushed conclusion that is just nice if it has to be frightening.
