Prison is in Wyoming where work on a new prison has hit a problem, so the state council decides to re-open an old state official who has been closed for 20 years. Warden Eaton Sharpe (Lane Smith) is put in charge. 200 foreign prisoners are sent in and they are being set up to fix the lost jail, including Burke (Viggo Mortensen) who is ordered to break into the old export room. He obliged him properly but when he penetrated an intense ray of light shoots out and all the electricity, gas and fire around the jail goes crazy for a few minutes. Burke unknowingly unleashed a deadly vicious force in the mood for murder and no one is safe. <br /> <br /> Directed by Renny Harlin I thought the prison was a poor 80-year-old horror spot that seemed to forget about the little point to have a story. The script was by Empire Pictures regular C. Courtney Joyner who was responsible for writing such 'classics' like Klas van 1999 (1990), Poppestudel III: Toulon's Revenge (1991) & Poppestudent vs Demonic Toys (2004) budget horror crap what even I have not heard and seems to take himself very seriously. The biggest problem I have with the Prison is that it is too late, it is more than 30 minutes in the movie before the 'evil force' is even released, although the pace eventually picks up, but then it was too little to let As I was worried, there is the fact that there is no observable line of story at all. For a start, it never tries to explain why there is an "evil power" in the old export room, but it never explains why this might decide to kill arbitrary prisoners if it is supposed to be a revenge mission not, or why not just "do not kill Warden Sharpe immediately, no explanation is given where Burke fits in, even though he looks exactly like the prisoner who was electric and returned, there is no real explanation on how to connect the Warden is with everything that goes except two early nightmare series in which he apparently remembers something, although it is never revealed what it is or why. To be honest, I couldn't give you a plot of synopsis, as the movie doesn't have a solid story, it all goes well. The character is dull and forgetful, the killings are few and far between, the pace is far away, the whole movie is a mess and even ghosts can't shoot straight when it comes to trying to shoot the hero. A less than satisfactory way to spend 100 odd minutes is really better things you can do. <br /> <br /> Director Harlin's full American movie debut, he does a good job and there is a decent atmosphere, but after more than an hour of constant mutilated, dull, dark prison sentences and corridors I have bored touched. I just think the look of the movie is too repetitive, leafy and honestly lifeless. I didn't think it was terrifying and the gore is pretty tame, apart from the best moment in the whole movie when a policeman is killed when a drawer barrel wraps him around his body and face with a fine shell of his throat torn open. In addition, there is a burnt body and a baked body falling from the ceiling and very little else. There is a scene when the Warden burns all the prisoner mattresses in front of them and then they put their underwear in the backyard all night, I watched this scene and thought you would never get away with that. Here, the prisoners had rights and if the Warden did such a thing, there would be a national exclamation of all the humanists and every prisoner would sue the Warden, the prison service and the government for everything they had and would win! <Br /> <br /> With a so-called $ 4 million prison budget, a pretty good budget has actually been in place, although it doesn't really look like the screen, sure there is a decent throw and some special effects that Included is good, but overall it is set in the same place with limited ambition. The prison was actually shot in a real Wyoming state prison so it definitely looks like the business. The play is good, Prison proves that Hollywood stars sometimes not only have one rogue horror movie skeleton in their cupboards, but in Mortensen's case he has two with this and the horrible The Return of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1994). Both of which I can Forget about it ... Prison is a dull, lifeless, colorless and humorous waste of 100 minutes, despite one good gore scene, I didn't like it at all. I actually prefer my movies to have a story rather than seemingly random events and incidents combined, without any narrative.
