Neither do I, but this movie is unfortunately one of those movies that is too bad to be good and too good to be terrible, which makes it totally useless and a total waste of time. There is nothing more uninteresting than a mediocre movie, and My Name is Modesty: Whatever the caption, take mediocrity to a new level. It's full of B actors, but is not fun, because it takes himself seriously. It sets itself up as a thrill, but then becomes a kind of drama, flashback style. The beautiful Alexandra Staden, which has become impossible under makeup, looks more than a role player of Top Model and Modesty Blaise. I'm not one of the mortal comic book freaks who want every adaptation of his precious "graphic novels" to be perfect. I never even read Modesty Blaise - all I wanted was a decent movie to watch. . But it wasn't. The film is half-finished, with a poor and unobtrusive conclusion to a rather poor plot. It also takes his audience for idiots, explains every little detail of the plot to us and shows flashbacks of things that happened three scenes ago (I think they all think we have Alzheimer's). <br /> <br /> Now, I love a good B-movie - what's better than just turning off your brain and swallowing the movie-like equivalent of a Calzone? - and "modesty" is not directed by anyone other than Scott Spiegel, who brought us the wonderful devilish movie of From Dusk Till Dawn 2: Texas Blood Money! I loved Dusk Till Dawn 2 because it brought everything that a bad B movie should bring to the table - nudity, gore, guns, call it. "Modesty" is not boring. The leap back on the humility's life is not interesting. The acting is not bad enough to be laughed at. In fact, I like Nikolaj Coaster-Waldau's (hey friend, pseudonym is your friends!). Performance as the Bad. <br /> <br /> Overall, it's just bad. Poor. Inspiration. Call it what you want. Don't watch anything, because Tarantino offers it to people. It's just a very forgotten, half-hearted thriller, and it's never been more than that. Allow me to round off this review with a very lame pun (seriously, even I am curling): My Name is Modesty: A Humility Waste of Time - 4/10
