I grew up to read Modesty Blaise, both the comics and the books, and she's really a heroine for me. However, although I was not a fan of Quentin Tarantino, I was interested to hear a few years ago that he was considering making a movie of her. Can he finally give Modesty a nice big-screen treatment that she is worthy of? A few months ago I heard of "My Name Is Modesty" and looked at the stars given here, and was not too surprised to find that the score was not too high, as beloved characters are often difficult to to melt the fans. heart if not done right. So I decided not to read any reviews and see the movie, and I just watched it and I was amazed and sad, and yes, very furious. Sad and furious to give more than an hour of my time, see something as fantastic as Modesty Blaise's character who turns into a movie that has given nothing to a viewer or fan. <br /> <br /> It seems that almost everything about this movie is sub-par and unprofessional, although I have to admit that some actors in other movies where they were good, I can't blame them. But the script and the direction ... my God, why does this kind of crap with production values ​​slightly larger than your average TV movie, but did it much worse? I don't know the background of this movie and I really don't want to know, but I just can't help, how on earth can Tarantino tell a straight face that he loves Modesty and then his name on this? He just lost a great deal of respect in my eyes. The director was not the right man for this job, and I can honestly thank him for the nightmare of my night. <br /> <br /> I give this movie 3 stars and the stars go to the actors and the technical quality can be worse. The other seven stars are missing is what this movie was not good at. Oh yes, hopefully at some point there will be a serious production of The Modesty Blaise Movie that steals other goals than stealing money from the Modesty fans. Although if people are like Tarantino, they are the ones who make the decisions, I don't breathe.
