Let me just say I loved the original Boogeyman. Sure, this is a faulty clichéd 80s horror movie, but hey these types are fun to watch! And besides, we gave something different. So I liked to buy it and to my surprise this movie went with it (just copy they actually have), so I thought "Eh, what the hell" and buy it. Error # 1. So that night I felt in the mood to watch a movie (I actually bought that day) and it was the shortest of all I bought. I'll just see it and hit it. Error # 2. Yes, I heard how bad it was, but I was prepared to take a chance. <br /> <br /> A few minutes in the movie and there is the first flashback. I don't think anything about it. Then the new footage with the prediction of the chick in the bath and I like the direction it goes. Then the next flashback is a bit longer and I sit there thinking: "Yes, I saw the first Boogeyman. I know what is happening like that!" Then the next one comes up and I find it screw and fast forward . Then the last one (Maybe I quickly passed through the explanation, but why is she lying topless on the mirror? At least she could have shown them!) And I decided to move forward and then the climax and the movie are over! WTF? What happened to the predictions? What happened to the long hair (Did he pave it or what?)? And more importantly what kind of weed was the author and director who smoked when he made this awful POS !!! And what was the point? Was Annie just flashing back on what happened in the first movie? Or were the things of the first movie just at the same time as this? The latter can make sense because the punch of Pantyhose Face happened in 1978 according to the characters in this movie and it was 15 years later. Wait a minute, no it won't! Because Lacey (who converted the film Nancy, Uli is too stupid to remember his movie characters?) Would be 20 years old since she was 5 when it happened and not just married to a 30-year-old but also a child around 7 and 10! Did she come around during high school? And also, why would Pantyhose be to Annie? What connection does she even have with the characters of the original movie? And a BIG BIG MOVIE MISTAKE I found in this movie is that when the doctor writes in his notebook, someone realizes he's just SCRIBBLING? Wow, how professional, Doc! So, what is the explanation for all the questions I asked above? THIS IS A POST-MOVIE WITH NO THOUGHT IT ALSO! I will try to find a copy of the original movie that comes with that movie and that's it (Maybe some extra features, any special edition of it yet?). Then I will return this DVD and hopefully this review and all others will prevent those who have not seen it, so dispose of movie stores and this movie may no longer exist! Please be it! Sorry, this review is so long. I'm just angry with this movie that I had to somehow elicit
