Moving couple move to a cabin on a mountain after the loss of their daughter, and discover that there can be talk of ghost haunting the place, restless spirits of passers-by who committed suicide. Julie Pyke (Cheri Christian) blames husband Allen (Greg Thompson) for the terrible death of their daughter, because the door is unlocked and the marriage worsened. Julie stays in a zombie state, which evokes no emotion, remote and numb but photographing only a nearby abandoned prison and finding a spectacular image of a ghoul girl clinging to a cell's bars. Although Allen sees nothing, Julie continues to take pictures and we can admit that something is not quite right. A local handyman, Jim Payne (Scott Hodges), a little distant man who has a secret, becomes a dangerous threat when it appears that his dead mother has something to do with the ghost the Pykes are doing. Meanwhile, the neighbors who sold the Pykes also found themselves victims, while alcoholic mr. Booth's abuse for his wife haunted him. Allen will investigate the history of his cabin, and try to unravel the mystery about the place. <br /> <br /> Many spirits move in the background in this gloomy supernatural story with virtually every character unhappy. Cheri Christian remains so empty and lost. It's incredibly difficult to associate with her despite the fact that you understand her fate. The play, as it is often mentioned, remains frustrating because none of the characters is easy to hold. I think it's supposed to be so under these circumstances, but the trouble I had could never properly embrace the Pikes because of their constant state of seclusion. Cheri came off as cold and loosened, as I think a mother would be inclined to lose such a child, but the icy nature caused me to embrace her that I could never do. I think the right artists, even if the characters go through an emotional turmoil, can grab the hearts of their viewers, if a humanity reaches out to us. In the case of the film, the leaders cannot. It could have been me, I don't know. I wanted to care for them, but nothing in the characters pulled on my heartbeat. Anyway, as the film continues, Allen slowly remembers certain truths and must defend himself against his wife who convinced herself that their daughter is among them and that she will not lose her daughter again. Jim, the unstable neighbor who believes the ghost should stop in the area, has to kill the Pykes, becoming a major threat. The ghosts remain a central part of the movie. Their presence, especially Jim's mother, is established around the world. The final reveals all of them, because Allen has to find help for his wife while trying to wipe out Jim's mission. I had a hard time getting into this one because of my discomfort with the leads and their characters.
