Okay, well, what's the hell it should be? Is it a family fantasy movie to pay further on Spielberg's great success "Close Encounters of the Third Kind"? Or a setback to the glorious days of prehistoric stories such as "When Dinosaurs Reed The Earth" and "The Lost World"? Maybe it's an intellectual and philosophical masterpiece that we all don't understand? Yes, it must be! Whatever the case, the creators of "The Day Time Ended" (good old John Bud "Cardos of" Kingdom of the Spiders "and writer David Schmoeller of" Tourist Trap ") had to sniff a lot of gum when they wrote down the ideas for this demented hodgepodge of genres The story doesn't make the least sense and the narrative structure is incoherent like hell, but who has it as long as it has paper-mâché dinosaurs, miniature spacecraft, headache-inducing light and laser shades, and spontaneously gather supernova's! The voice-over introduction is virtually inaudible, but no worries, because it's all gibberish! Did you know that the definition of "time" is not what we all think it is? chronologically, it's one giant paradox! Words spoken thousands of years ago are still floating around, and even things that will happen in the future have already surrounded us. is apparently a broker I apologize to meet tap dancing little-strangers and well-made dinosaurs. I say deliberately with good dinosaurs, because at some point one of the prehistoric monsters knocks politely on the front door before threatening his targets. The crazy plot turns on a family of weirdos who live in the middle of nowhere in their solar home. Grandpa is extremely annoying, the granddaughter even more, grandma is a walking and talking adboard for plastic surgery. The youngest boy looks similar to Prince Valiant and the young mother is ?? incredibly hot! Chris Mitchum for some reason also wanders around the movie sets as the hot mom's man on a business trip. The special effects are pure cheesy and absolutely laughing (I sincerely hope that the other reviewer who spoke about "excellent special effects" was sarcastic), but the absolute most brilliant aspect here is the dialogue! Just read this wonderful example of extraordinary writing: <br /> <br /> Grandpa: "You know what it is, not you?" It's a time-space warp! <br /> <br /> Stevie: "I'm not quite sure if I know what that means, Dad" <br /> <br /> Grandpa: "Well, I don't think anyone really does." > <br /> Make your mind, gramps! you know what it is or not? And stop talking about "The Vortex" as you are a kind of expert in the field! "The Day Time Ended" is an amazing childish and non-effort for fantasy film, although I can fully understand that some of its fans cherish the movie because they have seen it at a young age and become fascinated with the flamboyant effects . The end came completely out of nowhere, as they suddenly ran out of money or like the effects of the mushrooms they ate unexpectedly came out.
