I must say I was disappointed with this movie. I have never been a big BNL fan, I find their songs childish and obsessive nostalgic (I am in Grade 9, if I had a million dollars, shoe box of life, etc.). However, I saw clips of their live performance and I really like the improvisation and goofy nature of the show. I was hoping this movie would highlight what is unfortunately the most interesting part of the show because their music is well played but somehow mere and not compelling (there is a rebellious bass solo in the middle that is completely useless and was boring, despite how much Jim Creegan dug himself). The movie does not show and shows only a few minutes (and you know they had better moments, as in the Afghani concert "Coffee Anan, he is the man in charge, my name is Steve Paige and I'm really big" ). . <br /> <br /> BNL is similar to going to Europe a few years ago and having a divine "Blue" song by Effeil 99 or every 2 minutes, I returned to Canada and then A month later that song was all over the place * again *, I almost chewed out of my own arm. BNL is like that, years ago I remember a great reminder to sit campfires in Canada and listen to people playing if I had a million dollars. BNL was a cult phenomenon in Canada, and much of their humor has a particular Canadian slope about it. (Kraft Dinner is a staple for many students here, and the name "Gordon" is actually Canadian). A few years went where they slipped to obscurity and I was somewhat grateful. Then they suddenly become big in states, and everyone there is, think they are this brand new group (yes, it's brand new, but they're all in their 30's!) While the rest of Canada is going "Oh geez, I thought that guys folded years ago, do I have to listen 'million dollars' again? <br /> <br /> The concert material is not bad, but I would have liked to see more of their stage routine, the shooting is not that good And things like clips of their massive free show in Boston are over-glazed, the interviews are surprisingly boring to such a funny bunch of guys, I think they are all old and they have families and homes and good and have a little sank There are times when they go into spinal tap-type material, where they deliver deadpan satire, then break into laughter and giggle that kind of ruin it. The interviews with Moses Znaimer (a Canadian media magule) and Terry David Mulligan (Musician) is extremely pretentious and unintentional in Tap area. <br /> <br /> Here The movie doesn't really play either, it's basically one show and at the start of the movie they are already big and they have a massive tournament. It is not as we see them coming out of the darkness and "surprise" they are popular, it is a methodically planned event, so in The end is rather lifeless, kind of half-live concert, half documentary and not much. <br /> <br />
