Man, I really find it hard to believe that the wonderful Alan Ball has anything to do with this mess. Having seen the first two episodes so far, I think I can safely say this show is not on my list. There are just so many things working on it. <br /> <br /> None of the cast cast is exceptionally good. Anna Paquin as the main character Sookie, is just terrible. I remember being better in many other things I saw her. Maybe it's just the writing. She is also not really nice to look at, there are moments to be honest, she looks ugly. The actor who plays Bill is marginally better, even if it's just because his character is supposed to be kind of wood and separate. The other actors are doing their best, but with the cliché characters with difficult accents they are given, it is a difficult job. Tara is an absolute misery to watch, Rutina Wesley absolutely murdered the accent. It's bad like nails on a chalkboard. Almost as terrible is Nelsan Ellis, it's hard to understand what he even says. Both his character and Tara's also look racist to me. I don't know, with a character saying "whycome" on a HBO show that doesn't look like the wire is a bit odd. Sookie's killing grandmother, her sex addict brother, and the only little genius I've seen in William Sanderson as the sheriff, have ended so far. <br /> <br /> The story seems to be, destination at this point, with no real concern about keeping the viewer interested. The romance is very dark shadow silk. Although these show-ups are about ten times the camp factor of something like this old Dark Shadows episode. Sometimes it made me feel so good that I just had to assume it was meant to be. But, unlike a show like Buffy, who pulled the camp masterfully, it's not. Out of place with the camp is the extreme gore and graphic sex of the show. I'm not upset about one of these things when they're done well, as they do in many other HBO performances, but here they remain at least long-lasting rough sex scenes involving Jason Stackhouse, a bit over and useless. <br /> <br /> The only nice thing I can really think about this mess is that I keep the opening title sequence. HBO has had quite a few accidents lately with their performances. I hope they cancel it after the first season and try to get something better on the air.
