For every series making it on television, 100 ideas are formed, 50 scripts are written, 15 pilots are made, and one, just one, really makes it into production. From such a selection process we lead to the fact that the final product must be the cream of the crop. For whatever reason, so many ideas can be rejected to give us a single television series. <br /> <br /> And so it goes with true blood; All the stars were in line and started as a series of novels were transformed into an idea, a screenplay, a pilot and finally a series. Unfortunately, it can sometimes be a long journey and along the way there are many turns that ultimately change what is good and pure and show that production people will feel the best for ratings. Oh how wrong they are so often ... True Blood is an example of a creative concept that has evolved into one of the poorest story lines, the worst acting and silliest subplots as anything in recent television history. The international cast of relatively unknown actors struggles to find their voices, but still hold their false southern accent. Alan Ball's non-secret desires for Ryan (Jason Stackhouse) give us a fresh nail every week, although it often has nothing to do with the storyline. Tara's evil black woman characterization fails to commit and you find yourself secretly hoping that the vampire will take her out quickly before going into another speech on white oppression while attending a ceremony for the Glorious Death of the Confederation . Sam finds oppressed love for Sookie and suddenly we have to believe he has to look over her morning, afternoon and night despite years of working with her and avoiding such a relationship. <br /> <br /> As for Bill the Vampire, his moral high ground is quickly surrendered at the first chance to love Sookie and has no problem with her to make a quick snack (although she's quite unhurt stay). We don't find the other vampires as mainstream as Bill, but would like to be accepted by a public because they look after life as happy meals with legs. <br /> <br /> Despite my best efforts of suffering from the first six episodes, I realized that no matter how long you see a bad show, it's still bad. Some die for a reason, even vampires. Maybe this show should.
