This show had a lot of hype, but I didn't know it until the midseason (season 1). Someone even recommended the show to me. But I decided that if I wanted to see it, I had to wait until the end of the season so I could see it in bulk. Due to the format of the show, I'm glad I waited. I think it would have been pretty annoying. Almost every episode ends in the middle of a rock hanger, then have to wait another week to find out what's happening in the next second of the story. <br /> <br /> Somehow, this show managed to throw too much sex. Jason will have sex with pretty much anything that moves. Just after he noticed that one woman he had sex with was murdered, he was bedded the next night with another woman! Then Tara and Sam got it, despite everyone knowing that Sam was in love with Sookie. And for some reason Sookie gets angry when she later finds out - even though she is sleeping with a vampire. One of the problems with the show is that it doesn't do a good job caring for the characters. I didn't care about Jason at all. Along with his endless pursuit of story, he was rude to the people who were really worried about him. After a few episodes, I wouldn't have thought if he'd been murdered in one way or another. For that reason, I was mostly unimportant in the murders until Sookie's grandmother became a victim (since the first two were more closely involved with Jason). <br /> <br /> Once Sookie and Bill had sex, the story got some subplots. Tara's mother wants an exorcism, then exorcist woman Tara tries to convince her to have one to remove her own demon. I wasn't so much bothered by the whole exorcism thing, because I know there are a few people who really believe in those things. But they waste little time showing that it's a farce, just after Tara spends about $ 1,300 on judgments for her and her mother. On other points, some of the developments happen too quickly. Jason remains for a while, trying to sell his grandmother's stuff to buy vampire blood, which is apparently the new crack or something. In his search he finds this girl who will do V (vampire blood) with him. They get high and fall in love with each other within three days and kidnap a vampire for a constant source of V. Another example is when Bill goes to a vampire tribunal. He's only two days left before Sookie starts to feel and starts wondering if he thinks "vampire politics" is more important than her. <br /> <br /> Subtle is not the strong pack of this show. It doesn't take a genius to find out what happens to the local dog. Although my assumption was not dead, it wasn't so much a surprise. But the final two episodes were where it really got annoying because it just moved all the developments in your face as if you couldn't find out yourself. When Tara arrives in the car accident, the naked woman's face is clearly shown with the pig, and is easily recognizable when she appears in prison for salvation. As if that wasn't enough, they later showed the woman with the pig at her home. Then it's time to call up the murder story. At the end of the penultimate episode, it was revealed that Renee was not what he said he was and probably the killer. In the last episode they move René the murderer in your face. Sookie says it's strange that Renee's thoughts don't have an accent. I thought it was good because it adds that Renee is a fraud. But the next scene is full of incriminating evidence against Renee. They show that Renee has the band of Maudette with the vampire and his fiance finds a bond in one of Renee's boxes on how to decay a Cajun accent. At this stage it was just ridiculous. I mean we get it !!! So blah blah blah stuff happens. Bill almost killed him while he didn't save Sookie, who still murdered Renee. They start season 2 by leaving unfinished issues. The naked pig lady and Sam have a history, Lafayette is missing and can be murdered. Jason is in the process of becoming a religious note through an anti-vampire church - who cares less for him. <br /> <br /> Seeing how many people love this show is almost surprising. I think I just expected this show to be better. I'm interested to see what happens in season 2, but if I see it, I'll probably be waiting for the season completion.
