In South Africa, a young black man tries to play a role in a gangsta movie. But with no knowledge of the street life, he said to find out what life really is or he won't get the part. He manages his way in a gang, led by an old friend of his school and his chances of appearing in the film decay, as he commits crimes to be accepted. But for the gang leader, the emerging disaster of his new friend's life indicates a golden opportunity to do something better with his own. <br /> <br /> While it may sound relatively interesting, it's nothing else. The first half is incredibly tortuous and boring, while the "hijacking" only takes place at the end with some poorly executed low speed carts. In that "chase" only two police cars are used, which are both early 90's Nissan Sunny's. Not only would it be cheap to pick up (and I find it hard to believe that they will use such everyday old cars in South Africa in the year 2000), but as far as I can remember, there are only 2 involved and None of them get a scratch once. The car hunts are shot very badly, with an expectant and bad camera angle and minimal road traffic. They are maximally in about 2 minutes at maximum as you are supposed to believe that a very small child is actually a highly skilled driver who can easily evade the police despite the driver being pedestrian and totally unaware. It now leads me to the characters and the acting, which is equally bad. The above-mentioned child driving the car is about 13 years old and is thought to be extremely skilled at losing the incredibly improper police. Everyone else is equally unconvincing, so much so that they get bored at times. <br /> <br /> At the end of the movie, our main character ("Sox Moraka") is asked by the gang leader to steal a car from a parking lot. While experiencing problems, the police came and asked him what he was doing and he answered by saying he was their car. After a short argument, they try to arrest him, and he keeps the police at gunpoint and jumps back into their car. After being in, the police are again set on fire and wounded again. After another pathetic sequel, they decide to abandon the car and set it on fire to destroy any evidence. What follows here is one of the most straightforward ridiculous and terribly terrible effects I've ever seen. When the car "explodes", oblique flames suddenly appear from each window with terrible sound effects that are not even timely. It's done so badly and so ominously that it's hard to even put it into words, and really has to be seen to be believed. If you see it slowly, it looks even harder. I have better effects than seen in murder reconstruction documentaries. The car is a Volkswagen Golf MK2 GTi. Something that would not be a huge amount at all, and could not seriously afford to destroy it with a real explosion? I would like to know how big the budget for this movie was. It feels so cheap that I am surprised that it was made outside of South Africa, and even more surprising that it made a DVD edition. <br /> <br /> I know it's not a big budget for Hollywood production. I know it is meant to portray gangs in poor cities of South Africa that steal cars from the middle class and sell the parts on the black market, but with the laughing effects, poorly executed car jackets, horrible acting and ridiculous characters, reality is completely lost. <br /> <br /> Overall, I definitely don't give it to you to see it. If you want a laugh and see one of the worst things, the low budget of amovie will ever be created, then I will only recommend it. <br /> <br /> It's a miserable, poorly-crafted, poorly-edited, slow-paced and tedious piece of low-budget drift that fails at all points. I've seen a lot of South African movies, including many cheap NuImage / Nu-World action pictures, and despite their fake, it's much better than that.
