I just saw as? I remember the ads for the 1968 movie, so I was interested to see it eventually. It could be the perspective of an American who never went to a British public school and missed some of the social references, but I thought the movie was terrible. For one thing, as others have pointed out, it takes almost the whole movie for the many ballyhooed-at-time revolt to break out. For the other, whether the last scene is real or imagined, it is not a rebellion, but a shooting ramp. There is quite a difference. <br /> <br /> I know it may be bad to judge a movie about the subsequent events, but it can't be avoided. One person wrote a message board post asking us not to compare the end of the movie with the incidents at Columbine High School and Virginia Tech. But if there is a difference between Klebold, Harris and Cho on the one hand and Travis (Malcom McDowell) on the other hand, I just can't see it. All four of them were under the guise of their gun fire cleaning a failed world to which they arrogantly assumed no responsibility. <br /> <br /> What brings me: why hell is Travis and his chums Even in a school they despise? They are adults, or close to them. They are not in a military prison, like the prisoners in "The Hill", a much better British movie of about the same time. No one forces them to go to college and take beats from the whips, except perhaps ambitious parents waking up to the nature of their sons. I had the opportunity to get together in college, except that I could not say foolishly, cruel commands of criminals that I would be my prospective "brothers". I had the consequences of not having the "in" with the establishment that provided frats, and I can't say I regret it. <br /> <br /> If Travis finds himself the second coming of Lenin (whose uncovered picture is prominent in his room) he is free to go out and organize a union's trade union or Michael Foot in the next election work. If he wants to be Jack Kerouac, get on the road and start writing. What are the potential benefits to the world of making a motorcycle and getting drunk in his room? <br /> <br /> Sometimes judges like the person who responded to the scene in "Last Tango In Paris" where Brando mops about how he had to go to cow on his shoes on a date. In the real world, the person said, a listener would say, "Why didn't you delete it? Change your shoes?" - Don't allow fictitious characters to take a pity on you, because you dare not point out a healthy sensible alternative to them. So it's here.
