if .... the filmlike equivalent of Sgt is. Pepper's: Respectful of baby boomers as the pinnacle of creation, and regard it as a small thing through previous and subsequent generations. Now that the middle class children worldwide seem to be superhuman because of the internet, and the prospect of boarding school as a wonderful opportunity, thanks to the Harry Potter books / movies, the relevance of as ... not "No further out of modern concern. In fact, many scenes seem so strange and exaggerated as a hint of inspiration for Pink Floyd's The Wall. <br /> <br /> One should never hold a personal bias against a movie during review, and set aside the cemented date of this movie, there are some mistakes others have overlooked. Lindsay Anderson was known to be a fan of Luis Buñuel, in addition to being too clever for his own. And in spite of a simple story by the first and second acts, the latter part of the piece of hostage struck by the cod Buñuel surrealism and stern attempts at symbolism. Anderson was unable to accomplish this achievement because of his excessive cynicism, because Buñuel was not jovial in his work. I did not find a critic who fights the 'Captain in a drawer' and I am almost certain it still looks sideways from those who worship this movie. The end is not as much a concise punch for the established class / value system as a wet slap on a moving target. <br /> <br /> The British public school system was solid for middle classes (the upper crust was trained at home by private tutors). And the modus operandi of as .... was to monitor the boxes of public school life that Lindsay believed in the film was unexploited, thus endangering the middle class pretense. Homosexuality, generation of cutlery, cold showers etc. In fact, such problems were covered in many British British films, rather than .... they simply brought forth. The Browning Version was a more hypocritical damnation of such a pump, to name but one. <br /> <br /> if .... strange, and simply cannot be seen with modern (especially American) eyes. Kudos to Anderson to benefit Mick and Kieth in favor of African chicks, and some tanning points for the latent homoerotic overtones. Points deducted for pretension, establishment of characters disappearing and touching a glib revolution that came to zero.
