Oh, the spirit of '68. The streets of Paris were wild with rebellion, the hippies were high on the spirit of love. How did Britain mark this era of radicalism and revolution? Erm, with a view to that, best old Blighty, focused on making films about boys in residences. If ... contains the evil setting. It contains the rebellion of the oppressed. What it lacks in contrast to the Parisien passion and the hippy headtripping is a sense of excitement, except in its all-out ammunition-and-artillery fire ending. <br /> <br /> Lindsay Anderson's As ... stars the eternal margins Malcolm McDowell as one of the three private school students who decorate their dorm with photographs of Lenin and other leftist radicals. This is clearly an anti-action film depicting the evil upper-class class that controls the timetable and outdated autocratic practices of the pish-posh public school. What makes As ... unusual, though for all its radical sympathy, does not explicitly give us a sense of great tension between human decency and the despotic school system, instead it is just kind of floats: lacking in plot and missing in personality. <br /> <br /> Surrealistic pieces fade occasionally and the film slides from black-and-white to color again (is it due to the low budget or is it an artificial expression?), but there is little interest in speaking. All we get is the spicy denial where the young rebels reach out for their guns and shoot off the shadow authorities of the business. Hurray! A Revolution! Eventually something that requires a second thought, as opposed to the rest of this dull exercise in the school daydream. <br /> <br /> If ... a powerful political statement could have been, but as it is, it drives and collects only any sense of direct interest at the end. Instead of being a will for the dissident psychologist of the late sixties, it only succeeds in being a dazed document of high school British education. Anarchy? Apatie more like, the only man that many viewers will want to hold on to after watching as ... Lindsay Anderson will be.
