The British public school system not only developed with the idea of ​​educating the higher classes despite those popular and widespread misconceptions. It was designed to manufacture managers and governors, civil servants and military men to run the British colonies. These people were almost completely recruited from the middle classes. When public schools began to show their dignity, they were sent to them rather than teaching tutors and governors at home. They tend to satisfy the schools. "Village" so Eton and Harrow have become particularly popular with class parents. The vast majority of public schools deducted their pupils from the bottom up in the social scale. Tom Brown, perhaps the most well-known public school pupil, was once the son of a land paraphernalia, not a beltgrave. So in the late 1960s, England, a country in the hair of post-colonial debt and the last of its obligations to its former dependents as soon as Harold Wilson dropped his Gannex mac, was greeted by Lindsay Anderson's "If" with cathartic joy through the bells and gentle mood of all. It should be remembered that the so-called "summer of love" was followed by the October Revolution, a non-event that left some policemen in London with bruised heads and the American embassy with one or two broken windows, but absolutely achieved. nothing. Then Mr. Anderson's film came to the theater, revealing the disgruntled former revolutionaries remarkably in what they saw as Mr Malcolm McDowell's glorious victory over an amorphous "Them," despite the fact that he was at last ruthlessly at risk, A lot that undoubtedly took over they managed to get themselves into the USEmbassy. The film tells us nothing new about public schools, homosexuality, cold bullying of bullying, Patricia sarcastic teachers, stupid traditions. An overall well-known list. This is declared an allegory comparing Britain with the corrupt, crumbling society represented by the school. Well, nearly forty years at the same schools are still flourishing, the British social system has not changed, the "October Revolution" has long been forgotten except by those on the one hand or the other and Mr. Anderson has no effect on his "State of the Country" trilogy. If you want to read a book about school farmers who have played the system rather successfully than Mr McDowell and his friends and have lived to tell the story, find a copy of Stalky & Co. written by the man whose very malicious poem "If" has the name of Mr. Anderson's film, a man born in colonial India, a man whose work is quietly burned out of literary history. And do it before the beating classes succeed him a - Maybe someone should start a revolution about it.
