There is a very good scene in Faat Kine. The title character becomes an argument with another woman and after she is threatened, Faat Kine injects her face. The scene works because the act is so unexpected, bizarre, and rather funny at the same time. In that case, writer / director Ousmane gives Sembene an easy-to-root character, an interesting movie character that can be worth two hours. In the scene he presents a courageous woman who is brave in her actions. For the rest of the movie, the only other thing he seems to offer is conflicting tone. <br /> <br /> The tone is everywhere in the place. True, not all movies have to fit within a specific genre, but I don't think Faat Kine fits into any genre. It is thought to be a drama, even though there are moments of such a wide-ranging comedy (the previous spray in the face) that it cannot be taken seriously. On the other hand, the movie is definitely not a comedy with the abundant number of serious topics that Sembene has packed into the picture. There is a way to combine with comedy and drama. Unfortunately, Semebene does not find the balance. Instead, one scene floats to each other without much rhyme or reason in each other, with two different colors hanging in the wind. <br /> <br /> Faat Kine also has the problem of running for two hours with an extremely elaborate final. The movie ends with a big party where all the characters' conflicts are resolved, but they are not resolved quickly. The scene lasts longer than any other scene, probably for twenty minutes. Because the rest of the scenes are meandering to this point, the final is extremely difficult to endure with repetition that starts early in the scene, allowing for a frustrating viewing experience. <br /> <br /> Maybe I'm too hard on Faat Kine. I'm not the right audience for that. I didn't feel anything about the characters and had no connection with any part of the story. There are people who will probably find something meaningful in the story and will see strong characters. However, I could not do it and could not recommend it.
