Shock Dealer Leo Fulci takes a change of pace through a trashy, scarce cohesive sword and magic fantasy film instead of his usual trashy, barely coherent horror. <br /> <br /> A Wimpy Orlando Bloom type called Ilias, of a vague society like Ancient Greece, travels across the ocean to the caveman area on a vaguely defined quest for the evil battle, where he joins an animal lover to fight. the wolfman and the mutant of a vampire topless evil wizard. Wackiness follows. The wizard, suppresses the local cavemen and wants the magic for herself. She sends several minions, every weirder to the last, to our heroes who eventually win and hit a blow for oppressed caveats everywhere. This movie contains a steady stream of WTF? elements and moments. <br /> <br /> For some reason, the whole movie is shot in soft focus and the picture is further blurred by the continuous presence of dung on the screen. It might be an attempt to create atmosphere or to hide how fake everything looks. Anyway, it failed. There is no atmosphere unless it is one of shame and light confusion and there is no concealment of how lamb looks like everything. The wolf-man minions look like a poor man's wookie. For some reason, the director fell in love with shots of those moving slowly in the air, Six Million Dollar Man style, to our heroes when they attacked. There are probably about a dozen of these shots throughout the movie and it gets goofy every time. The other minions of the topless wizard, besides the generic leather dressed people, are some bunch of white mutants that appear to be covered in cobwebs. Needless to say they are slow and unattractive and when they talk sounds like gay Hispanic, lipping Daleks. The battles are stilted and unconvincing and the special effects are angry. Oh yes, the music is cheap synthetics that the makers of Doctor Who would have embarrassed to use. <br /> <br /> Ilias, our nominal hero is scarce and forgotten. He also looks like a complete wussie, especially with his waist that reveals leather outfit and big hair, and that's obviously a moron. Certainly, he is a dynamite shooter with his magic bow, but he only takes about three or four arrows with him in his mission to fight this whole continent of evil. Needless to say he runs out of arrows within minutes and needs to be saved by more traditional sword and magic hero Mace. When he meets Ilias, he introduces himself as a taciturnone type, claiming he has no friends, but you can't immediately say latent homurotic subtext, they are beloved friends, pulling the misty hills. Mace promises to take Ilias with him in exchange for bow-related favors. Iliad asks where he is going. "Where my legs take me," is his answer. Good enough for Ilias. Mace is also an animal lover and far-reaching hypocrite. He preaches his great love for and affinity to animals, referring to the ordinary things about how he prefers it to humans, because man can be so good. He says he will never hunt and kill an animal to feed himself, but he will steal meat from other people who hunted animals. He was also arbitrarily shot at random by innocent passers-by. Not long after meeting, he tests Ilias bow and the film cuts to a random caveman, remembers his own business, walks along and Mace kills him. There is no indication that this poor soul has done anything to earn it and even Ilias, who is thought to come from a more moral and civilized society, does not even make an eyebrow. <br /> <br /> The films' rudeness is rather unusual. For the whole movie she is completely naked, except for a g-string and a golden mask that includes her whole head. It is as if Fulci included her to make the movie's mandatory T&A quotient, but decided she was too much of a butter soil at the last minute. She spends a lot of time, apparently being chased by her pets and dreaming to be shot by a faceless arrogant man dressed as Iliad. Wow, such symbolism! Later in the movie she falls out when she can't beat Ilias and Mace and promises to make the sex slave of an old warrior if he kills them. Almost the world's scariest villain and not really a step forward for women's rights. I think he is the cobweb creature on our heroes and embodies Mace in a situation where there is no one else but Mace to fool. Was he really worthy to trade your self-respect for Ocron? <br /> <br /> There are quite a few other WTFs? moments. Most of them come to the end of the movie. Ilias came out, I forgot why, possibly, she had cut her messy hairdresser, but realized the error of his ways and returned to help Mace fight the forces of evil. Suddenly, without any reason, his bow can suddenly burn several targets in search of energy bolts. The bolts can also be fired by fixed bricks when needed. Needless to say she did short work of the hordes of bad guys who caught Mace. <br /> <br /> The climax is also quite stupid. Mace decimates Ocron's remaining power by using the above-mentioned load attack capability. He can then shoot Ocron off a kilometer using his rocks. She started dying. Her mask was torn to reveal a horrible Muppet head. She bumps around and screams and gets into a dog and walks off with another dog. Mace smiles. Rolkrediete. <br /> <br /> Strangely enough, as this dodgy low budget sword and magic movie is, this one is pretty bright and focused. Anyone who has seen Wizards of the Lost Kingdom can tell you how immovable and tortuous these movies can really be.
