Despite being released on the DVD by Blue Underground five years ago, I have never been able to get Italian Italian "sword and magic" article on Italian TV. And now that I've seen it myself, I know exactly why. Not because of his director's typical affection for extreme gore (of which there are a few examples to be sure) or the fact that the handful of women are acting to topless all the time (after all, in the dark ages) is simple, very bad things indeed. In fact, I go so far as to say that it may well be the worst of its kind I have ever seen and believe me to have seen enough (especially in the last few years, ie after my 2004 Venice trip film Festival)! To read how the film's failure at the time of the initial release presumably led to the next (and pitiful) career of the director, in an unspoken low budget, I can see their point: I can prefer Preferci's earlier "giallo" period preferred 1968-77) for his most popular game version (1979-82), but even in the latter, his commitment was undoubtedly indisputable. On the other hand, CONQUEST suggests that Fulci is not at least inspired? see how he decided to scatter the proceedings with an annoying perpetual mist, sprinkle it with indifferent characters (cannibals vs werewolves, anyone?), irrelevant gore (we are treated to a greedy, nasty cannibal dinner just before the carnivorous revelers seen with their brains literally beaten by their hairy antagonists!) And even some highly unpleasant intimacy between the masked, brain-bearing villain (don't ask) and her clever reptile pet !! For what it is worth, we have two heroes for the price of one here: a young magical boy carrying a male-affirming odyssey (Andrea Occhipinti) and his rambling muscle-bound companion (Jorge Rivero ie Frenchy of Howard Hawks' RIO LOBO [1970]!), Despite being called Mace (short for Maciste, maybe?), It seems to fall into his cave child from time to time and get his younger protégé out of trouble (especially during an extraordinarily unpleasant attack of 'cooking'. Unfortunately, even the usual saving grace of such lowbrow material comes here briefly, as ex-Goblin Claudio Simonetti's electronic score sometimes seems inappropriate. Fulci even claims to give the film a legendary coda with the surviving, bitter hero who deliberately moves out of the desert (after having defeated the all-important magic bow, so much for his own supposed physical power!) On his next? and unfortunately unfilmed ?? Adventure!
