"No one knows anyone" is a conspiracy theory of a Satanist / neutral bomber focusing on the religious festivals of Seville during Holy Week. He is also the best friend of the movie's hero. The plot is set up by the bomber as a computer game, with itself and the hero as players, and Seville as the virtual environment. The very streets and streets of the city begin with the labyrinthine features of the old Pacman-type games. Looked at this way, the scene where the hero and his female sidekick are being chased by swordsmen with raw meats, may not look as stupid as it does. <br /> <br /> From the outset, we are aware that the story is set up as a game - the hero's job is to create crossword puzzles for a popular newspaper; At one point the crossword puzzle on his screen becomes the chessboard on which he later plays against his girlfriend's father. Clues are freely scattered, as the camera closes mystifyingly on images that were only shown later to be meaningful (eg the ad in the bar). The detective / paper hunting elements become part of a game, rather than an investigation into the fact. The film leans heavily on 'Se7en's pattern story', and anyone with a Catholic education is likely to result in the occurrence of certain events occurring on certain days leading up to Esther. <br /> <br /> In this reading, The Game is at the level of narration, with the hero fighting against an enemy (in this case the computer) to win and save the day. But there is a second game, the film itself, which undermines the first. There is another set of clues not referring to the killer's intentions, but the filmmaker and his hero say. In the first ten minutes there are references to chess, a writer called Navokov and a cult leader called Sarin. If we remember that chess-lover Nabokov's pseudonym Sirin was, we see another game, one we do not suspect the villain, but the hero himself. <br /> <br /> In a Nabokov novel like "Pale Fire," a writer figure creates a text designed to hide his own motives and challenge a game between writer and reader uncover the right text. Throughout the film, scenes that are visually distorted (eg, the image contracting), or which are ambiguously defined dreams and hallucinations, make us suspect that the hero's point of view is. The opening references to games are all linked to him. In the early rows, much of the character's sexual and creative impotence is made, so the film can be his attempt to master his life, to be a winner, in a way he can't. Not soon did he win the game if his writer's block disappeared; The words he types are the title of the movie, indicating that he is the overall author. In addition, the title in Spanish reflects negatively in itself, a lot of Nabokovian involvement that suggests a hero, like Kinbote, trapped in his own soleism. <br /> <br /> This bump of postmodern literature (Borges, Eco, Pynchon etch is also called), Fincher, 'X-Files', 'Run Lola Run', Chris Marker (the idea of ​​the city and its history as a map and a text, and as a cultural history that haunts the present) Bunuellian anti-clericism and Alex de la Iglesia's shock films lead to a movie that is just like that, a jumble, every clever smart element that Eliminate the last, declining interest. The lack of clarity about the game's rules makes it incomprehensible, and ultimately carries. <br /> <br /> Ironically, in a work of such an over-arched work, the film's main interest lies in its documentary quality, as a record of a real-life story, with its own events that take place independently. Such an ambiguous embezzlement of fact and fiction can create a masterpiece such as 'Sans Soleil' or 'London', but ultimately you need a light touch to fit your smartness.
