Within the context of science fiction, two specific themes are consistently interested. It was initially investigated in the literature of a pre-cinematic era and has since been periodically repeated by filmmakers and writers, with varying degrees of success. The first theme, that of time travel, has an unwavering fascination for film fans, as well as the written word, most recently on display, with another version of the H.G. Wells classic, The Time Machine. The second theme, which also threatens the public, is that of invisibility, which denies the imagination with the seemingly infinite and mighty possibilities. And this theme has also become the basis for a movie adapted from another HG Wells classic, The Invisible Man. The realization of this is Hollow Man, who is directed by Paul Verhoeven, with Kevin Bacon and lead. Elisabeth Shue. <br /> <br /> Sebastian Caine (Bacon) and his colleagues have been experimenting with the US government for quite some time. They investigate the possibility and practical invisibility, which they eventually achieved in a number of primates on which they tested their method. Indeed, they have come to the point of ensuring invisibility; their only problem now is to bring the subject back to the original "visual" state of being. However, it is a problem that, after diligent effort and too many hours in the laboratory, Caine - or he thinks. And when the application of his theory on a living subject is successful, he decides to submit the results to the board, in order to maintain the funding needed for the continuation of the project. <br /> <br /> At the last moment, however, Caine demurs, fearing that the project will be controlled by him before they can proceed to the next level - testing a human subject. And he takes it upon himself to become that subject, to ensure the help of his research team by telling them that they have been approved by the council to do so. But something goes wrong, and Caine gets trapped in his insignificant cloak; And because he and his team are struggling to find the solution to his considerable dilemma before it is too late, it starts to tear Caine's mind. And suddenly his fear of losing money and control becomes unimportant, as he faces losing the looming danger of losing much more than that. Now there is a very big chance that he can lose everything - including himself. <br /> <br /> Verhoeven produced what was initially an exciting, even mind-thinking film; he puts a good fit and uses the F / X at his disposal with great power, although he tends to make the striking visual dominate the character development. Anyone who is familiar with "the invisible man" or actually someone who can follow the progression of the story logically, will know early on that Caine is not destined for happier times. Yet Verhoeven has a storytelling that will definitely draw attention to his audience. But he seems to be at the height of the climax and along the way he leaves any and all of the nuances that have made his film so successful, and decides to go in a final order that is nothing more than a sensible blood -One feast she heard and betrayed everything he had previously worked on in the film. Rather than seeking an intelligent resolution for Caine's suffering, and with some ingenuity and imagination to take the film to the inevitable conclusion, Verhoeven takes the low path, and although it can pass on purely visceral levels , any meaning can lead from the story. Solve as much as in the wind, along with anything that would make it a memorable movie. And it is a pity, because Verhoeven has it at a higher level than much of what is offered in this genre, and he allows it to sink unnecessarily to one who is much lower. <br /> <br /> Kevin Bacon does a great job of creating a credible character, even if it's just on the surface, that Verhoeven's goals seem to be perfect. There is little depth to Bacon's portrayal, but it has more to do with his directors' agenda than his own acting capabilities. Verhoeven does not allow Bacon to develop Caine to any extent; The character is mainly a vessel over which Verhoeven can build his story, and in the end it works. The movie would have been better served. But Verhoeven and Bacon worked more closely together to at least develop a bond between Caine and the audience that would have caused some emotional involvement on the viewer, something they would pull in a little, rather than at the gate. to stand alone, as merely mere observers of an F / X drawer. <br /> <br /> Elisabeth Shue puts herself well into the role of Linda McKay, Caine's willing accomplice in the sick-outdated experiment, but it's basically an ungrateful part that offers little challenge, especially to an actor of Shue's caliber. The same can be said of Kim Dickens (so wonderful in the 2001 movie "Things Behind the Sun"). Her character, Sarah Kennedy, does little more than the action and F / X. Both actors can earn so much more and earn better than they are given. <br /> <br /> The supporting film includes Josh Brolin (Matthew), Greg Grunberg (Carter), Joey Slotnick (Frank), Mary Randle (Janice) and William Devane (Dr. Kramer). Maintaining a point, and even successful at a certain (low) level, "Hollow Man" is one of those movies that makes you consider what might have been. Like an annual fireworks display, it will give you a few moments of tension, but after a while it will begin to mix with all the other things you have seen, without anything special to set it apart. And it's too bad, because the talent and abilities of those involved here could have been so much more. I rate this one 4/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
