Vampire Vs. Zombies start with the missing news that the unidentified disease spread across America leaves men with murderous and cannibalistic tendencies. Travis Fontaine (CS Munro) and his teenage daughter Jenna (Bonny Giroux) listen to the radio as they try along the isolated backwoods paths and escape the disease when Travis walks over a man I accept is meant to be a zombie . A little further down the road, he stops helping Julia (Brinke Stevens) and her teenage Carmilla (Maratama Carlson) blow along the road. There is also a third teenage girl named Tessa (Melanie Crystal) bound and gagged in the back of Julia's car. For me, this situation looks strange, but Travis, like the trooper, is all in his fight, and agrees to take Carmilla from Julia's hands, and I don't really know. So, with a full stranger, Travis drives away with Julia and Tessa. Carmilla looks like a pretty girl, but she seems to be a Vampire and she likes to put people on and make it in Vampires, o and she is also partly for a little lesbianism. Travis, Carmilla & Jenna continue to travel, while a man he calls himself, the general (Peter Ruginis) who is a kind of vampire killer and probably has something to do with it, but the movie is such a mess, it don't really matter and I really don't know how to do this plot sketch, as my head just hurts about it ... <br /> <br /> Co-edited, co-executive producer, written and directed by Vince D'Amato Vampire Vs. Zombies is one of the worst horror movies ever and therefore one of the worst movies ever. The author of D'Amato was apparently based on a classic story titled 'Carmilla' by Sheridan Le Fanu (he has to sue) and is an absolute mess, the holes in the plot and logic are so great that you are going through a tank they can drive! What is the disease that changes people into zombies? Why is Carmilla a Vampire? Who is Julia for her? Who the hell is the general? What does he want? Where does Travis and Jenna go? How can Travis overflow a man and not yet have the slightest human emotion about it? What is the end of the mental woes? There are also some confusing and unnecessary dream series to even annoy the viewer. There are just so many things wrong with this movie, the narrative does not make a blind sense, the concept is terrible and never really well explained, and it is incredibly boring. I don't have one positive thing to say about Vampire Vs. Zombies, not one. Forget about any vampires fighting Zombies because it doesn't just happen, tell me again why this movie is Vampires Vs. Zombies? <br /> <br /> Director D'Amato has served one of the most incompetent, junk, weak, bad-minded and rude painful experiences ever made. Vampire Vs. Zombies really have no detached features, there is not one aspect that I can praise. The gore is really counterfeit, there are some platelets that look like red water, some very cheap strike effects and a half decent climax where the zombies on Carmillas & Jenna's guts celebrate. This pretty gory scene is probably the best part of the whole miserable movie, but it only takes a few minutes and never stops for the other turgid 85. <br /> <br /> The budget on Vampires Vs. Zombies had to be small, in fact it even had a budget because most of them were on a road in a few cars. This is one of the worst horror movies that my accident had to watch, the whole thing just sucks. The acting is predictably terrible, and I mean terrible. <br /> <br /> There is little more to say, Vampiers Vs. Zombies are easily one of the worst movies ever made. The (V) next to the title on the IMDb's main Vampire Vs. Zooming indicates that it went straight to the video, and it's too good for this pile of shit because it earns straight on the nearest fire.
