First, I must emphasize how rare it is that I take the time to comment on a movie I saw. It takes me a special case to take the time and write about how I felt about a movie. It said, of the hundreds of movies I watched, I saw the most brilliant, Shawshank, the scariest, The Woman in Black, the funniest, Shark Attack III: Megaladon, and now the worst: Vampires vs Zombies has. br /> <br /> The first thing to say is that this movie is not funny! For those looking for a light movie that is just nice or at least so funny that it is funny, look elsewhere. It's true that a movie like this isn't subtle and brilliant, with a title like this, you need to know what you're doing. It is said there is no excuse for a movie to abandon any and every rule the film-making world rules. This is not an argument between the traditional movie-making process and newer and more "artsy" methods of creating a movie. This is an argument between bad directors and companies that are held responsible for making terrible movies. <br /> <br /> This movie suffers from the overused saying: "I don't know where to start." Surely everything about this movie is broken. From the acting and editing, there is no reason that any movie ever has to deliver a coherent series of events like Vampires vs Zombies. Some of the following issues are; 1. Scene misfires-It is clear that the director, the camera team and the actors were not on the same page. In a particular scene, the scene begins with the camera resting on the ground and looking at the passenger side of a car. You expect the person to come in, but there is, and no exaggeration, ten seconds, at least delay between the camera comes on and the director says "action" where anything happens on the screen. The viewer stays silent all the time at a car door, without sound, no movement, just the stereotypical "dead air" that radio or TV commentators fear. Where was the editing? 2. Acting - A forgiving offense in most cases, you can't expect a movie like these to have Oscar winners, but Vampires vs. Zombies take bad acting on a completely different level. These "actors" were barely able to read their scripts, of course because anyone with any ability to read and speak could express the lines better than this fool. My only play for acting must be the opening scene of Resident Evil on Playstation. But it was even better. <br /> <br /> 3- Story - Wait, what? Story? Again, can't you expect it to be the biggest story ever, but is it too much to ask for an embezzlement of a narrative? Why the Vampires? Who are the characters? Who are the bad guys? Are there good guys? Why all the lesbians? But most importantly, what is the deal with the zombies? If you saw this movie, you will understand what I mean, but for those who won't be there, there are no zombies in this movie except for five minutes. It was almost as if the director had forgotten the name of the movie and was eventually forced to throw in some zombies. There's so much more, but I hope I've done enough. to see someone from this movie.
