Although this is not such a horrible movie (especially since it was broadcast live), it would be very difficult to point out one aspect of Bloodsuckers that is original or refreshing. Vampires in space aren't actually a new formula, and even after so many movies deal with these monsters in this particular environment, it still seems that no one realizes it's an incredibly stupid premise that may not be a half-way decent cause horror movie. "Bloodbuck" even goes one step further and shamefully imitates every imaginable movie that either turns on vampires and intergalactic warfare. The plot and characters are stolen directly from John Carpenter's "Ghosts of Mars" and James Cameron's "Aliens", as a crew of futuristic vampire hunters crawl through space and regularly hold out to eliminate a mutant species that is quirky named for infamous horror icons, such as the Voorhees and the Leatherfaces. The good guys are a bunch of pathetic stereotypes, constantly dealing with clichéd issues, and endlessly arguing about terribly unimportant issues. Captain Damian is the unpopular rookie who must really prove his leadership abilities after being more or less responsible for the death of the previous (and much more beloved) Captain Churchill. The other annoying characters include a typical cowboy style and faster happy macho pilot, a tough female fighter with more balls than any of the men on board (she is of Asian descent, like the girl in "Aliens" Latino) and the Army's most valuable secret weapon: A Blade Girl! Quintana is a beautiful and deadly vampire who has chosen the side of man. She can touch figs when they are still light years away and she can also do bad things with someone's wet dreams. They eventually teach everyone to work as a team when they are forced to see the ultimate vampire girl: Michael Ironside (in yet another downgrade). "Bloodbuck" is an irreparably silly movie, but it manages to entertain as long as it contains gory killings, infantile dialogs and OTT makeup effects. It's just unbearably boring when the frustrated soldiers blame the captain for the umpteenth time and blah blah. This film is a non-stop series of lame cliches and uncreative ideas, but at least it is on the eye.
