Man is in the far corners of the earth and now he is traveling to new worlds. But with new worlds come old vices ... the vampires of space. And not just a handful but whole tribes. In this film (which I saw as "bloodbugs", but I also think "Vampire wars"), we see what happens when the imperialist earthquakes meet the imperialist vampires. <br /> <br /> I'll make this review very short because it's not a good review. The best thing I can say for this movie is that it has a good movie of b-list and emerging stars. Natassia Malthe was Quintana, and was much more attractive here than in Bloodrayne 2. Michael Ironside is Muco, and is always a favorite favorite (as I say, he is poor man's Jack Nicholson). And we even get Carrie-Ann Fleming as "Damian's wife", who will now recognize horror fans as the eponymous Jenifer of Dario Argento's "Jenifer". So this movie, as bad as it is, is not without some names attached ... but the same can be said of Uwe Boll's work. <br /> <br /> The concept of military detection and murder of vampires in space is not necessarily a bad idea, but it easily falls into the "cheese" area and this film falls hard. The acting, especially of the vampires, is over and I have not found the statements of their existence very convincing. Worst of all, the vampire tribes have the names "Voorhess" and "Levels". I understand it was supposed to be a clever reference for the horror fans, but it was not smart at all. It just sounds stupid and out of place (unlike the much more subtle references in James Gunn's "Slither", like the name of stores to lesser-known horror directors). <br /> <br /> That's all I want to say. If you can stand a lot of cheese (today I could not come from Wisconsin) and want to see the average actors with poor costumes to fight vampires in space (though "space" looks much like any other forest on earth) this one, if you can find it. I can't personally recommend it when you can watch other oriental vampire movies (Jon Carpenter's "Vampires") or other boxing space films. Or maybe even good people. But, hey, do your thing.
