I saw it a few nights back, didn't expect too much and it wasn't exciting that it made nothing too exciting. The plot of a crew of Vampire hunters (V-San, for vampire cleaning), who roam around in their spaceship and regularly kill space spikes and save people, is pretty good and the movie is better handled. champion. Unfortunately, the real-quality feeling is run off to a reasonably decent opening of the movie, and there is something behind it, although it is awake, it is quite nice. I don't expect anything too special about these movies that appear on the Sci Fi channel and it was not one of their creation traits anyway, with an abominable cgi beast left, but it was pretty bad, mostly due to writing and acting, but with a strong contribution to the overall bad that made the terrible music. When the film only opted for a typical science fiction, weird sounds-sounding approach to the soundtrack, it did well, but all too often, hilariously, bath soft rock fell in and sotiness plays emerged. I would endure the common cheesy and have more patience if it wasn't for the choice of music, which was a serious error, which changed things from cheese to ugly comics. From the acting, Dominic Zamprogna was OK, but mere as the nominal hero, while Leanne Adachi was particularly annoying because the tough girl from the vamp break team and Aaron Pearl played another member who was not well-written or interesting enough to impress. Although she does not look as good in the acting lion, Natassia Malte did it well with a less annoying character than the other, and the fact that she is serious about watching. The only serious name in the movie is Michael Ironside and he is interrupted, though he does pretty, almost amusing in a way that one suspect was deliberate. He looks fun and earns his salary and his role is entertaining. The consequences are OK, at least the standards of the average science fiction TV program, and there are also some scenes of bloodshots and a little gore. Things are moving well together, and I almost hardly feel the role of this movie, but then I often remember laughing and realizing that unless the film is a prospective comedy I don't think it is, it simply means Don't succeed. Too much is lame, uncomfortable, unconvincing, it's an OK effort I think, but it didn't address me. Just give it a turn if you really dig Sci Fi garbage or unintentional chuckles I want to say.
