Blood goats have the potential to be a somewhat decent movie, the concept of military types emerging and struggling vampires in space is one with some potential in the cheese-rich realm of things. Even the idea that the universe is full of different varieties of vampire, all with different characteristics, many of which the characters have yet to find out, is also so cool. What most of the life in the galaxy is outside of the earth is vampire, but I don't know how the workers meant it to work, given the nature of vampires. Who in hell they are meant to educate if almost everyone is a vampire, I do not know. As it is, the film is about a low budget combination of Firefly / Serenity and vampire films with a bump of Aliens. <br /> <br /> The action parts of the movie are fairly average and derivative (especially of calm) - they are fairly well executed and there are plenty of gores for a vampire movie, including some of the comic sprang variety. There are many characters, most of which are boring, coming from conflicts between characters that mostly resemble shiny, immature arthropods - mainly cowboy and Asian women. There are some character scenes that are actually kind of work and the actors don't play it too badly, but they usually lower things. A great effort to escape the characters, but people don't look at a movie called Bloodsuckers for character development and drama. Actually, the acting is okay. Michael Ironside prints it and is so nice to watch as ever and at least some of the women are hot. The space SFX is not bad, as it is clearly a low budget work. Again, the story is pretty average and derivatives, but as I said, the world has created some potential. The way things are set Bloodshots really look like the pilot for a TV series - character dynamics introduced, introduced but not exploring the world. <br /> <br /> The movie has some highlights and headlines. - The kind of things that actually make these dodgy productions perceptible. -The scene where our heroes are questioning a talk-to-pop-breast-type creature. Hilarious. - The "sex scene." WTF indeed. The credit "And Michael Ironside as Muco." The most annoying aspect of all this is the really terrible and usually inappropriate pop music they played very hard over half the screens of the movie. It is painful to listen and only detract from what is at its best. <br /> <br /> Actually, a good look, you're looking for something cheese, even if it's just for the "chest" scene.
