Although the actors were good, especially Fritzi Haberland as the blind Lilly, the film is obsessively pretentious and completely arbitrary. A well-known theater director (Hilmir Snær Gudnason), who became blind after a car accident, is underway for himself and his fate. Lilly, since birthless, is a blind person teacher and wants to "see" him again. (Blind people see with their fingers, nose and ears.) Here this movie becomes a roadmovie; and the longer the road, the closer their relationship develops, which was predictable since the beginning of the film. The theater director is on his way to his mother (Jenny Gröllmann). His mother lives somewhere in Russia on the sea and makes artistic installations - of course, what else should she do! - And she's still alive because she's waiting for his son to die. My God! These are destinations! <br /> <br /> Finally the boy arrived! Mom celebrates a great feast! On the beach. Wind blows and a pianist plays on a real piano in the middle of a dune. Yes, they say goodbye to her. The boy just arrives in time. Mother can finally swallow the pills administered by a beautiful nurse. Now a great artist can die in the arms of her great artist son, with the sad judgment of life in perfect German, while the boy answers with a rough accent. Because the boy cannot see, he does not fall in love with the nurse; the film script would have been too hard! - but is looking for Lilly on her way home. <br /> <br /> Parallel to this roadmovie, Lilly's sister, stay home to ask a gawky schoolmate to deflorate her, first to mock him. The opportunity is favorable. Because Mom (Tina Engel) is traveling with the beloved of Lilly, Paul (Harald Schrott). They went to Lilly to bring her back. Paul and the mother of Lilly did not fall in love, because the film script would have become too complicated. The film has missed out on making Paul something extraordinary. I would suggest an architect or a pianist, or of course a well-known one! When they finally find Lilly, they want to convince her to return to Paul because he has two eyes to see and is able to care for her. But Lilly fell in love with his pupil, the theater director; Did I mention that he was even a well-known theater director? <br /> <br /> This is German cinema! As you may see in this pretentious production, the German film subsidy fund is not always produced good films, because they just subsidize such kind of pseudo-intellectual films. This movie is really embarrassing. I have the impression that the movie chip is merged with some highbrows in coffee shops and restaurants. Everyone is entitled to contribute with an idea. Likewise, Til Schweiger also contributed with an intellectual flash of white, being a co-producer. I am reminded of this film on another German movie of absolute pain: "Barfuss" - even though the spelling of the title is not right! "Barfuss" DVD cover prides itself: "A Til Schweiger Film". This film also has subsidies from Filmstiftung NRW, Filmförderung Hamburg and the FFA. <br /> <br /> Don't waste your time with this movie! There are really good movies in Germany. Watch out for film directors such as Marcus H. Rosenmüller, Joseph Vilsmaier, Hans Steinbichler, Hans-Christian Schmid, Faith Akin ...
