Ghost Town begins when Kate Barrett (Catherine Hickland) drives along an isolated desert road, suddenly her car breaks and she hears horse hooves ... Deputy Sheriff Langley (Frank Luz) of Riverton County is called in to investigate Kate's disappearance to her. Dad reports she's missing. He found her broken down car and drove off looking for her. Unfortunately, his car broke down and he had to walk. Langley ends up at a deserted ghost town, much to his shock. Langley soon discovers that it is literally a ghost town because it is populated by the spirits of the former inhabitants and run by the evil Devlin (Jimmie F. Skaggs). kidnapped Kate for reasons never explained. It is Langley's job to save her and end the village curse. <br /> <br /> The only attempt by Richard Governor this strange movie hasn't done much. I and I did not enjoy it so much. Duke Sandefur's script tries to mix the horror and western genres that do not do it with any great effect. Have you ever wondered why there are no more horror Western hybrid movies out there? Well, I didn't, but if I asked myself such a question, I would find all the answers in Ghost Town because it's not very good. The two genres just don't mix it well. There are many clichés, to the west of things there are the innocent townspeople who should be afraid to stand up for a gang of thugs who terrorize them, the shooting in the main street, lounge bars with swing doors and prostitutes over & Terrible, there are many cobwebs, a few ghosts, an old curse, talking bodies and some violent deaths. I was just very underwhelmed by it, I suppose there's nothing terribly wrong with it, because it's just boring and the two genres don't fit together so well. There are also a few holes in the plot, why did Devlin kidnap Kate? I know she was equal to his previous friend, but how did he know it and what was he going to do with her anyway? We never know why this ghost town is also full of ghosts, I mean what they keep there and what kept them as ghosts? Then there is the little at the end where Devlin, after being shot, says he can't just be killed, as Langley killed him a few seconds later. I mean why didn't the bullets work in the first place? <br /> <br /> Director Governor does well, there is a nice horror movie atmosphere with some well-lit cobwebs stripped sets and the standard Hollywood western town is represented here with a central street with wooden buildings on either side thereof . I won't say it's scary because it's not, there's not much tension and the movie goes in places despite being just over 80 minutes long. Forget about any gore, there are a few bloody gunshot wounds, a shot of two people with their throat slit and someone is stuck with a metal pole and that's it. <br /> <br /> I would have been pretty budget here, it is pretty well made and is competent as nothing else. Credit where credit is due to period costumes and sets is pretty good actually. The acting is good, but no one will win any awards. <br /> <br /> Ghost Town is a strange movie, I don't really know who it is to appeal. . Anyone looking for western will be annoyed with the dumb horror elements, while anyone looking for a horror movie will be bored by Western elements. This is something else, but it doesn't mean it's good, it's worth a watch if you're desperate, but don't be a gut to see it.
