I had a recent spectator experience with The Perfect Witness (2007) because the NetFlix computer recommendation engine suggested I was watching this movie. Apparently, at one point I told you how much I liked Benny's Video by Michael Haneke. I don't know about you, but this parallel draw me a whirlpool of emotion and excitement about Thomas C. Dunn's movie and making my time allocation to it virtually impossible to refuse. Just this kind of recommendation of the NetFlix computer intelligence, for me, has set the aesthetic / moral film bar so high that it is expected to represent something incomplete in every movie made in 2007. <br /> <br /> Having followed my answer to the film, I will continue to beat this picture as poorly executed and banal; and I really hate it because I think our son, Wes Bentley, is not only one of the most interesting young faces in contemporary theater, but also the one who overlooked and underestimated most of him. I'm more than average worried that the poor man will miss the famous boat if he likes film directors for the first time. The perfect witness is about Micky (Wes Bentley), who, about thirty, still lives with mommy ("You're not drinking in an area?"), But he is a "movie maker" or at least a kind street level voyeur with a pension to shoot, would be Johns. in the seedy back streets of Philadelphia with its DVX 100B. Outside, she does private investigator-like drills, Micky "accidentally" video tapes killing a careless early-twenties with his hand-held video camera. Keeping the idea in mind that sniffing and movies as a cultural currency can be compared to his white urban ghetto ticket (and not to the debts of his illegitimate friends and family who sustained the money for his horrific films), Micky approaches the attacker, James LeMac (Mark Borkowski: also takes a writing credit) or "Mac the Mes" ??????????????????????????? ????????????????? . <br /> <br /> The problem with this movie is not that no interesting ideas exist because they do it. Although both writing and direction are amateur, it alone does not make a movie bad. It is that these guys make a reasonably poor assumption that what they offer is shocking in the context of a culture in which almost any person in the free world can access a private computer on the web and the truth of the performance of a shelter on their small Mac or PC. No movie relies more on shock value (unless it is ironic enough, it is a movie about torture on animals) and therefore movies of violence (real or fake) have less and less cultural capital with each passing year. We also have this amazing actor talent in the lead of all stylized, right hip man: his two-inch beard and skull hat with the small bill on it, backwards, just like the dork of high school looking to potential services of my primary love interest the same guy who now calls himself a "poet". <br /> <br /> Save me. "I'm an artist," "I'm a movie maker." Okay. Please, continue with that shtick, Cronnie. Looks like you bought very expensive 35mm stock. And go ahead, you can carry all the awards of a "creative", but don't expect us to respond best to you, to follow your below-average character by taking your two-hour movie while decreasing Wes Bentley's career. Why don't we just talk about history with the merits of what you do, filmmaker-guy. My guess is that history will eventually say something about it. Probably, it's not good as you think it is. And yes, chances are you'll be guilty of your best old mother, ending up like our man Micky here in the perfect witness; hooked and covered in your partner's blood with a video camera in your hand. Great.
