Another day stuck inside, another movie to watch. After completing my Christmas on a cold and misty afternoon last night, I didn't go anywhere else to escape the "The Land That Time Forgot". Or rather, I have nothing else to look at. <br /> <br /> Doug McClure, the bastion of leading actors, leads a handful of allied sailors who sank at the Atlantic Ocean in 1916 in the Atlantic Ocean. U-boat (in a scene that causes logic and reason) eventually finds it on a strange island, apparently untouched by human hands. Together they explore the country and discover dinosaurs and Neanderthals! Can they escape before they become a permanent resident of the country who has forgotten Time? <br /> <br /> Despite being made a few years ahead of "Star Wars", these films are slightly different in terms of special effects. The model shots are a little better than anything you'd expect to see in an episode of Gerry Anderson's "Stingray" and the creatures aren't much better either. When the T-Rex (I suppose that's what it was) killed, it fell the same way the zombies did when you kill them - frozen in the middle of the walk and collapsing, arms and legs like A sleep like a sleeping cow's body was pushed over. Admittedly, the sets are not too bad, but the common acting and endless explosion sounds (all of which sound the same) do their utmost to destroy credibility and your enjoyment of the picture as a whole. Characters are not credible or worthy of your sympathy, as they move their guns on seemingly anything that moves. Eventually I just didn't care if they were coming from the island or not and by the time the end came I was more relieved than entertainment. <br /> <br /> Costumes are authentic until the cavemen arrive and these are fur-skin bikinis and cloths around. And although it was pretty clear from their actions, you wouldn't know that some characters were German from their accent. The whole thing just lacked some polish and cohesion, and the viewer confused in places and didn't leave in others. In general, this movie hardly registers a thrill of excitement, although you can find some entertainment to find out where Colin Farrell is. I saw his name in the credits and half expected a baby to appear with an Irish accent and presumably suspected. Oh good. Nothing very good to see here, but just about OK if you eat your lunch and the weather is further activity.
