I just finished watching this movie. I was very excited because I am a big fan of Punk Rock, Horror movies and Spoofs. I was very surprised at what I saw. I knew it was a low budget, but I didn't expect to put it on a video camera. It does with a good song and a great, much underrated band, The Horrorpops, the reform of their song, where they wander and are murdered in various gruesome ways. It's a good opening. But the problem is the fact that it was really the end of the movie. A lively performance, a death. Another lively performance, a death. It's getting old. And there is a gross (literal) overuse of intestines in the dead scenes. Why doesn't the killer use other body parts such as legs or eyebrows or brains? Don't get me wrong, this movie has some great parts. Like the hardcore French band, just known as BERET, the prospect of a group called Atticus, the scene featuring a play by members of The Used and Simple Plan playing together, as no groups had enough members to show their performance. to play. Bowling For Sop's overweight and proud of this guitarist is killed in a truly hilarious way, which I will save for future viewers of this movie. But the big problem I have with this movie is the initial comic, but after a while, terrible lack of acting in many of the "actors". Especially Warped Tour creator, Kevin Lyman. He tried very hard, but I suspect he didn't want to make the movie, but was contractually obliged or something. In addition, the sound quality is terrible and there are no subtitles on the DVD. The movie's resolution plot is very disgusting and very random. something about a magical sword and Lloyd Kaufman as the devil. Bottom line, this movie has very good features, but not enough to be anywhere near a decent Horror, Music or Comedy movie. Although I have to credit it, I have to cover a few bands that I have never listened to. Otherwise. Like the Tsunami Bomb, and the Phoenomonauts (a lunatic, Psychobilly band). I recommend you rent this movie, watch the first 10 or 20 minutes, if you like, watch the next 20 or 30, if you still like it, then watch. If not, just go to the special features and watch all the music videos and live performances. They rock! Life Life Punk Rock and Horror!
