This movie can be marked as a study trip. It's not just the fact that it calls an unhealthy and non-artistic desire for anything that can be called kaco images. The author lives with the impression that his holy rebellion against some generic and childlike so-called social diseases ("Moldova is the most pauperous region of Europe", "I do not believe one iota in the bird flu", "Romanian people steal because they are poor , stealing the Europeans because they are thieves ") is more or less close to a responsible moral and artistic attitude - but he is far from the target! <br /> <br /> What Daneliuc does not know is that it is not enough to set a fair person - you also need some professionalism, talent and intelligence to put this attitude into an artistic product. convert. Oddly enough, "The Foreign Legion" shows as much skill as a family video with Uncle Gogu immersing himself in front of the guests. The script is chaotic and incoherent, random with different half-subjects, in an illiterate attempt to propose some story. The direction is pathetically dilettant - the so-called "director" cannot at least build up a mediocre mise-and-act, his shots are annoyingly uncomfortable and any sense of narration told by total absence. (Of course, any comment is forced to stop at this level; it would be ridiculous to mention concepts as "movie language", "expressions" or "style"). The play is positive, "Cântarea României" ("Romania's Chant") level, with the exception of ... paradoxically, the soccer goalkeeper Necula Raducanu, who is very natural, and Nicodim Ungureanu. Oana Piecnita seems to have a real freshness, but she is compromised by Daneliuc's amateurish directions. <br /> <br /> The most serious aspect of this violation of decent theater is the fact that the production received a tough funding from the national budget, via the CNC (National Kinematics Council). The fact that long-dead old dinosaurs like Daneliuc are thirsty for the government's udder is understandable (in a market-driven economy they will be eliminated immediately by natural selection). But the corruption of the so-called "jury" that lands the country's money on such a ridiculous, improper non-art, non-theater and non-culture belongs to the criminal area.
