Rather than moving linearly from start to finish, this story line of a gay couple through Aids has "orbits" in time around their "perfect day". The film is organized as a life remembered in asynchronous fragments rather than in a sequential flow than one directly experienced. <br /> <br /> The narrative has its lyrical moments, especially in describing the impact of expected or experienced loss. Unfortunately, the dialogue does not have such grace. The writing often forces the actors to say strikingly stupid or insensitive things that are totally out of character at the moment. On their second casual encounter, clearly beaten to each other, sensitive Phillip encourages a hesitant Guy to tell him of his difficult week. But the moment Guy started opening, Phillip, an English major, blur out: "You're not a crisis festival, or how?" Later, looking at his beloved's naked, cuffed body over the bedroom towards him, our young Shakespeare in love begins to give the beauty of the moment in words: "The way you cut through space .... I can doesn't even describe it "- but doesn't have the verbal skills to complete its mind. This kind of drive continues through Aids hospystonels, bejeweled with lines like, "What did I think death would be neat and tied to ribbons?" and "You make Florence Nightingale look like Nurse Ratchet." <br /> <br /> The film often suffers from a lack of subtlety. Unlikely characters are much more frightened and steamroller flat than they need. Phillip's well-annoying friends - an arrogant trust fund and a shaky, needy dweeb - hold a running biblical diatribe over anyone crossing their path. Such a sweetie can give a writer a wealth of opportunities for smart social commentary, but unfortunately their remarks are just unpleasant, unspoken by white or insight. It's hard to know if our scriptwriter deliberately produces intellectually limited characters or if he just runs his teeth around. <br /> <br /> The plot may be the most appealing and resonating with those who praise this movie. It seriously examines American middle-class gay life in 1980: first encounters, courting, linking, nesting, the complexity of open relationships, friction and fracture, decomposition, physical abuse, acceleration, forgiveness, terminal illness, death and survival. Leads Phelan and Spirtas give good performances that run complex characters. Their good performance helps to explain both the chemistry that these two hold together through insensitivity and selfishness, as well as the chemistry that some viewers have helped to ignore the painful weaknesses of this movie. The decision to cut the plot bow and present it in unfinished flashbacks has added complexity without any obvious dramatic utility, and in many cases the sequence and therefore the implications of a given event are unclear. <br /> <br /> Can I recommend the movie? For stickers for literary and technical quality, absolutely not! For easy visitors, there is a serious need for an Aids survivor catharsis or in the mood for a guilty delightful tearjerker with a little eyebrow casting. But better written alternatives exploring the impact of AIDS on relationships of that era include: Philadelphia, and the band played, Longtime companion, Angels in America, early frost, Parting look, Love! Heroes! Compassion! and even Jeffrey.
