Bamboo House of Dolls (1973, 1974 or 1977, various years are given for this title) is a Hong Kong veteran Chin Hung Kuei (Killer Snakes, Boxer's Omen, Payment in Blood etc.) Women in prison run by the legendary Shaw Brothers produced. . Yes, even they have their hands in low exploitation sick like this, and Bamboo is certainly one of the worse efforts of the whole genre, even if it is compared to the Western efforts that are usually pale compared to the Eastern movies! <br /> <br /> The story is about a Japanese war camp in which the Chinese women in World War II became cruelly, abused and raped by the bad Japanese (what else?). The girls also know a secret place where a box full of gold is hidden and also teach that a Chinese military officer staged in Japan (Shaw veteran Lo Lieh) is actually a shelter among the other Japanese and of course the girls Help Hell. What follows is rows of greedy nudity, female kung fu, some nasty torture, gore, sleaze, and extremely offensive anti-Japan stance that makes this movie pure and honest, which doesn't even try it anymore. <Br /> <br /> There are hardly any interesting elements in Bamboo House of Dolls. The occasional photography, especially at the end, looks beautiful with its rays of sunshine and beautiful nature, but it's about the merit section. The fighting scenes are many and always include half-needle women who beat and kick each other. The total violence is sometimes scarce with various bullet wounds, misogynistic torture scenes (for example, one poor girl is broken on the floor with broken glass, etc.) and extremely repulsive end and moral backgrounds. Of course it is stupid to talk about moral when writing about this kind of movie, but still there are elements that I will not accept to find from any movie. <br /> <br /> The movie also has nice Turkish elements for sure! For example, the gold box, filled with heavy gold, seems suspiciouly light as the weak and the girls suffer, there seems to be no problem lifting and moving it, not to mention throwing! Also, the many "skin-fighting scenes" make it a nice smile for the spectators of the trash. I saw the same directors' Killer Snakes (1973), which is ten times more noticeable than a piece, and although it killed many living snakes for reality, it is also visually more interesting and shows some nasty sides to the other. side of the big city and society. Also, this is a must for those who fear snakes. <br /> <br /> Bamboo House of Dolls also suffered censorship, which is no surprise as the subject. The unencrypted version, released in Europe in Europe, at least in France, Italy and Switzerland, runs for 104 PAL minutes while the cut English print in the Netherlands, Belgium and Greece only runs for 84 minutes in PAL. From what I have heard, the cutting scenes are not just violence or other graphic stuff, but also dialogue and plot development and so on. <br /> <br /> Bamboo House of Dolls is garbage theater in its most dismal form. and definitely something I wouldn't want to see from the Shaw Brothers or Hong Kong in general. Some of the Italian exploitation films of the same subject are much more interesting and remarkable than this ridiculous, calculated and worthless piece of cinema exploitation. 10/02
