I am not usually given hyperbola, but after appreciating the Oscar awards for more than two decades, I can honestly say that this year's awards show was the most shameful example of poor direction, total cruelty and sheer stupidity had the accident to testify. I'm not talking about the awards themselves. As usual, there is plenty to argue about when you have recorded what has lost, lost and never been nominated, but the process is as it always has been and is just as fair as it is accountable to be. . What is terribly unfair is the treatment of both the stars and the non-stars that Cates and Horvitz received in the name of "boredom." <br /> <br /> It's bad enough that over the past few years, anyone who's not Al Pacino is playing at 45 seconds without considering what he said, how he said it and what the emotion behind the statement. It shows nothing more than a total lack of respect for herd nominees on stage like cattle without giving them the honor to show their faces while their names are being read, to silence them when they lose, to give them the excitement from a step to the podium, and forcing them to read their statements with their backs to the audience. All these things were done to the "non-stars" as the movies would not exist without those artists and that most of them only got one chance to see their peers and their audience. <br /> <br /> The stars didn't do much better. It's getting more and more sad than funny when Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood winners have to plead for their speeches for a few extra seconds. Chris Rock, host, was not as inflammatory and controversial as the Academy hoped, or almost as funny as he could be. His opening remarks were almost (but not quite) as offensive as Sean Penn made them out, and his commentary during the show was more innocent than interesting. Of course, he can hardly be known if it is clear that it is being kept as short as a host. In the end, Chris Rock was something he had never been before: a non-entity. <br /> <br /> Even the musical numbers were poorly handled. Beyonce sang well, but there was simply no reason why she had to be recorded in three of the five songs. Another example of total respect for an artist was to give Jorge Drexler's nominated song to Antonio Banderas - although Drexler was present and clearly wouldn't want to sing his own song based on his winning speech. <br /> <br /> The efforts of Cates and Horvitz to make the show shorter and faster can have worked to some extent, but this has resulted in a show without life. We've all focused on the surviving speeches given by people we don't know about the remaining production, about the self-assured quality. But it's their night - not ours. What is meant to be a feast has become an insult to the people who are celebrated. Cates and Horvitz must be honestly shy.
