John Hughes wrote a large number of comedies in the 1980s. "European Vacation" is not one of them. The follow-up to Hughes' first major hit "Vacation" (1983) is as predictable, infallible and annoying as they come - no matter how much you like the stupid but romantic Clark and Ellen Griswold (Chase and D'Angelo). <br /> <br /> I enjoy the holidays as well as the third film, 1989's Christmas Holiday, but the Griswold's trip to Europe is slim and forced. Maybe because it was Hughes' first attempt at a prosecution that he didn't get it, but it's really dumbfounding how uninspired and without a story 'European Vacation'. There is no storytelling: the Griswolds win a game show for "greedy little pigs" and will tour Europe through England, France, Germany and Italy. Even the screwball physical humor that is the trademark of the first loses all the effects because you see it coming, which is the director of Amy Heckerling. The director of the "Fast Times at Ridgemont High" is all too predictable. <br /> <br /> Maybe it was Hughes who got a cheap shot because he was in the sequel. "European Vacation" is very proud of the offensive Americans (reminiscent of the greedy little pig race they win), especially tourists, represented by the Cornis Griswold family. It is also in the background and implicitly says, "O our Griswolds, we always come into something because our father is an idiot." Then it ends with a tribute to America and how grateful the Griswolds should return to such a better country. If Hughes goes for satire and wants to do it in the form of a bad movie, maybe I should award this 8/10 star. <br /> <br /> It's not just the infallibility, but "European Vacation" boasts the two worst actors to play kids Rusty and Audrey (Jason Lively and Dana Hill). They are both annoying and unpleasant, with the unattractive and loud Audrey going over the boyfriend, she's almost left the whole movie. Hughes even goes so far as to have her comment to miss him, as she observes a giant bratwurst. Totally tasteful. To speak, the breasts are flashed in two different scenes for no good reason (unless it would be on the Americans' love for free nipples in their comedies). <br /> <br /> I will give the movie one of its two stars Thanks to Eric Idle of the Monty Python team, who are at a few different points in the movie where he responds directly to the "Holy Grail" , go over the funniest part. If Hughes intended us to find one of the film's only non-American actors as the only funny part, then there is another hint of the hat open to him around the bottom of the Hollywood comedy in the 80s. to make. Yet, it would have hurt him to do so while making it entertaining?
