I'm a big fan of Pacino movies. He is one of, if not the best, actors of this genre. However, this movie could have been much better, although it had a poor role. All they had to do was tell the story of Carlito Brigante until he was in prison. Instead, it looked like it was just one of the many stories that could be told by Carlito. All or even some of the questions about his past that we wondered about in the original could be answered. As for me, this is the only way you can make this movie. Instead, we get this prequel that has almost NO of the original characters in it, a character playing another part of the original (terrible move), and a totally different love interest for Carlito. Don't even start with Puffy. No way can I take the cat seriously as a gangsta after watching him dance in all his artist videos. Evertytime that the man opened his mouth, I waited for him to start dancing. He made me laugh at anything. Mario Van Peeples surprised me with his role. I thought he would give a lack of performance due to his recent history. He did well. He was probably the most "credible" from my entire role. Jay Hernandez has done his best but does not have the skills at the moment in his career to tackle this role. However, I appreciate his energy and his efforts. Hard to follow up Pacino. The only way you could even get an idea of ​​what kind of person Carlito was was to look at the original. Otherwise, Carlito looks like a cold-blooded killer in one scene, then a spineless lash in another. He was one of the worst gangs of his time, but you will only see flashes in this movie. Perhaps it's a pitiful way for Hollywood to try to make a second prequel to pay for this failure. I won't be surprised. <br /> <br /> Overall, in my opinion, this movie has become very short or it could have been. The only reason I gave it a 3 was because I laughed a lot, and Mario Van Peeples earned me respect. A serious director must have taken this movie and actually put time in the story and change it into a real prequel. I'm very disappointed that this movie wasn't taken seriously. They would have been better off making it in a mini-series on HBO and actually telling the story as the original suggests. At the end of the movie, they had the nerve to suggest that Carlito should return to the city. HEEELLLLO .... that's the part everyone wants to see !!! Then again, it's all just my opinion. I can't tell you how to waste your money.
