Where can I start? I heard this movie coming out and I was very angry. I'm a big fan of the original Carlito's Way and when I heard this, I thought it would be like almost all the other successors coming out of Hollywood. I thought it would be bad. Boy was I wrong, this movie was much worse than I expected. Not to say that all persecutors are bad, but that's the problem with Hollywood these days, they are too much follow-up and recovery and hurry. It wasn't a theater release, it's a DVD release. Yet, there was no reason to do so. After hearing about this movie, I later heard Pacino was not in it. It immediately gave a chance this movie was good. Why did I watch this movie, maybe some of you might ask? Well, I had the opportunity to see it, so I did. I'm not just watching movies that I have high expectations. Of course I have low expectations for this. I just wanted to see if it would have anything to do with it. Now, if any of you read it, it's a Carlito's Way fan, you know a lot about the story in the first thing that will do him the jail. <br /> <br /> * MUCH LESS SPOILER * I won't ruin Anything, because it can't really waste you 2 hours to see this trash. All I will say is - at the end of Carlito's Way 2, we don't see Carlito go to jail. Now I don't know about any of you, but I would have thought a prequel that Carlitos Way would show how he ended up in jail. I was even interested in actually seeing what happened. <br /> <br /> Now, it's not my only problem with the movie. The actor who played Carlito did not do a bad job, but he could not have saved this film if he tried. There is not even all those little things that have to be thrown into the Carlito's Way fans. You see no appearance of Kleinfeld or other key characters in the first one, because I would like to see something like that. What's worse is Luis Guzman in this movie, but he doesn't play the same character he plays in the first movie. Big mistake on their part, why cast the same actor for a different character, it made the movie worse than it was already. <br /> <br /> Bottom line, I'm a Carlito's Way fan, this new straight to DVD release is a shame. If you're a fan, don't watch this movie come up with high expectations. This movie basically did nothing to me, and it certainly is one movie I won't pick up on DVD, or ever watch again.
