Well, I just gave away 95 minutes and 47 seconds that I'll never get this piece of waste again. I heard someone describing this movie's villains as "submissive cannibals," and I thought it was promising because I thought it would be like the descent. WRONG! The Descent was a psychological thriller with dynamic characters and strong storyline. These villains are completely unrealistic and no part of their performance is fun to watch. This movie is not so controversial, I have seen this level of gore in many movies. This movie is plain sucks. SYNOPSIS: A blonde who thinks she's really hot (but she's not), her admirer and her boyfriend's friend (no, I don't remember their names) goes into the bush. Their car broke down. They are warned to leave by a man named Mark. The blonde gets unreasonably hysterical and the next morning they can't get the fan's friend. Admirer impales his foot (whoops!). Don't worry, he is much more upset when his car will not start when he is nailed by nails. After a nanosecond of coaxing, the blonde leaves for help. Events cause I can't remember. During this and throughout the movie we are shown grotesque torture scenes without dust, including one that made me gag. Blondes are going to rescue cannibal home (although everything they see is intestinal, which is logically the last choice to eat real cannibals as they contain real food). Blonde hurts admirer and works very hard (unsuccessfully) to work up tears. Then you get a good laugh when the blonde is in the house and announce she can "think" them. Mark (the man they warned to leave) has a remarkable change of character when he reveals that the cannibals are his family. Then there are shootings, they leave the house, the shooting continues, then a random man comes up and says he watched them. Before being shot, we are shown an acid-travel-inspired scene of more murder. The blonde or her admirer shot him because he didn't help them. There is more murder, the admirer confesses his love for the blonde. Then a mysterious hand covers the camera. What does it mean? I don't know, hopefully not a sequel.
