The return of the X-Files was an intelligent, formidable show. Much of his appeal was that the authors looked at folklore and science for their ideas. They linked the plot to the haunting side of real life. <br /> <br /> I was incredibly careful about the 8th season when it was broadcast. The show has already given two perfect good episodes to bow down ("One Son" and "Requiem"), and the 7th season saw a sharp rise in episodes that scrapped the barrel for ideas that were far-fetched, indisputable or straight stupid. But I thought, giving it the benefit of a doubt, maybe they'll bring it back because they had some good ideas. <br /> <br /> "Roadrunners" were really upsetting. Following 'Patience', which at least presented an interesting angle on the vampire folklore that did the show well to avoid, the episode sees a strange (strangers?) Parasitic snail with the state of mind being worshiped by a cult of Christians. Oh, and they think it's the return of Christ, but you just find it in the last few minutes. Seriously. There is never an attempt to make sense, to explain what the snail is, anything that is happening, happening or something. Even in the early years of the show, in fact, * especially * then - you can expect a little more depth, some background, or if it's not the opposite, a little mystery, some uncertainty about what it is all about. . <br /> <br /> It's Scully who really kills it. You can set the sotiness of the premise, but having a character developed over a good 7 years as a rational skeptic is just a little to look at. You feel like you are watching some godly teenage horror, except that it is a woman who is well in her thirties in the kind of creepy isolated community, that she spent the best part of a decade to get the sinister lower abdomen. discover, stereotypical hicks or totally indifferent to her own safety. Oh, and by the way, Doggett, the new Mudler, isn't there. Scully just came across the desert to look on her own without a brutal murder. He pointed to the end to save the day - I can't even remember why - but besides, he's not really in it. Again: serious. <br /> <br /> In short, it feels either a generic script written for another show, or someone's pet project that allowed them to act like a mutant spine in the back of an existing one. long-term display at a time when it was at its most vulnerable. It may have been on a smaller display, where the characters are more archetypes and the audience expects less. But the X-Files had a good thing, and Scully was one of the strongest and most idiosyncratic TV characters of the 90's. Deciding to change her personality for the sake of a story they've done on Star Trek, a good fifty or so, is pointless.
