This movie is all ultra-lightweight fluff, predictable from start to finish. As a Don Knotts vehicle, "The Incredible Mr. Limpet" was much better, with Knott's character almost not as incompetent or ignorant. His performance was burnt down, with none of his branded eyeglasses, though it might be about replacing most of the movie with a cartoon fish. Knotts played the life of the nice imbecile, as Bob Denver did. It was also not really possible to break out of other roles, as if they were simply chosen. It was probably because of the slash, the wild stare and the loud voice. John Ritter, with whom Knotts worked in "Three's Company", was able to exceed his genre, successfully rolling into dramatic roles such as "The Dreamer of Oz", but the closest Knotts ever was a minor role in Pleasantville. Even Leslie Nielsen was a bad fitness here, uncomfortable not a direct dramatic actor as he was at the time or deadpan comic actor as he later became "Airplane". and the police group. <br /> <br /> There was also no way that the 43-year-old Knotts could succeed for 35 years, as his character insisted he was. It was so ridiculously amazing as Tom Hanks on the 38th Forrest Gump. <br /> <br /> The film was made clear on a short budget, much like a hurriedly filmed TV episode. This is especially evident in the "outside" scenes of the "town" where Roy goes after being fired. Even a pre-school learner is unlikely to be deceived by Mayberry-like soundstage artificiality. <br /> <br /> Even if it's a children's movie, it's very disappointing. This is not because it has no action or special effects, though it does. The pace is far too slow, the situations repeating. How many times can you see how Roy goes on a bus? A comedy for kids should at least sometimes be a fool, with a break button, otherwise you might get bored (and any adults in the theater too). Movies, even children's movies, improved slightly in the intervening decades. Even many contemporary comedies are better filmed and written. For example, Disney's "The Love Bug" had at least some interesting action.
