I think I just blame myself for the gigantic disillusionment that "Entrails of a Virgin" is. You already know not to expect a movie masterpiece if you see a juicy and proud promotional title like this and the first impression is only confirmed once the movie is noticed, a means of 80's production from Japan. Now there are a lot of dementia and sick filmmakers who are active in Japan, but Kazuo Komizu surpasses them all with his thoroughly depraved and sickly trilogy that revolves around nothing but aggressive sex and the sadistic abuse of young girls. Not even trying to tell a story, "Entrails of a Virgin" simply offers a hodgepodge of the UN generation of semi-pornographic sex and really bad gore effects that are not even the most relentless fan of the 80-year-old horror will not be. Images of a lot of photographers and their models are inexplicably interlaced with scenes of a dirty rider who has rough sex with a nice cute girl. He didn't even dip her a minute after climaxing (typically) and she begged him to stay, even though she had to share it with other women. I don't get it. Is it supposed to represent a common male fantasy? Because it's really clicked and unlawful. Anyway, back to the bunch of horny photographers and comfortable models. Surprised by emerging fog on the way home, the group lays themselves in a deserted mansion where they have more terrible sex and eventually become the victim of a ridiculous sex monster that kills them all. The acting performances are amateurish, the dialogue inane and primitive and Komizu's direction is poor and uninspired. I can tolerate it all, including the woman-unfriendly depiction of sex, but I have come too close to eliminating the movie during the indescribable communities. One of the men becomes brutal, kicks and throws at one of the girls and calls her a dirty whore until she literally tears her panties and cries with anxiety. This order is, in my humble opinion, the absolute low point of the Asian exploitation chin. One to avoid and maybe even boycott.
