Perhaps it was the title, or the trailer (definitely not the interview on the DVD, which is with the director, as he still says "high kids" in the camera like a buffoon), but I had expectations for Entrails or a virgin to be at least a little fun with some good sex scenes and brutal, bloody murder by a strange Japanese penetrator. It seems to be tricking for its own good, or bad, or whatever. There is a problem - and one can also see it in the Italian sex-fluttering movie Porno Holocaust, similar to this in many ways - not to balance sex and violence. Too much sex and it will be a prototypical porn, and not even with a lot of production quality compared to most professional porn movies! And with the deadly scenes at least a little bit of sticking, and maybe just a smithy of ingenuity, to create the creature / murderer / whatever. Entrails of a Virgin also do not. It's safe to say it's a nice, silly movie, even if it's not one of the worst ever made. It's just there for the Japanese fetishes in the horn, to get into trouble with girls and men who have all their brains in their "other" headaches. <br /> <br /> In this case we get a photo team where the guys take a few shots of some girls, do not ring anything, and then become dense at some home one night and become one by one rejected by a killer as he was credited. Firstly, director Kazuo 'Gaira' Komizu decides to bring in a quota of random sex scenes in time. We get an inscription (or invest, make your choice) from one of the photographers who has sex with one or more of the girls elsewhere. It looks like it's from another movie. Once settled in the house, there is a "wrestling" scene that has been poorly choreographed and shot (yes, we really should see it all there), and then to the rape and murder. First, the rape, by the photographers, who promised the girls some work for their time. Then the Murderer, who is fond of D'Amato's being, is simply covered in mud and given a stupid face and who, for an unknown reason, kills and / or rapes the men one by one. <br /> <br /> Now, the latter of those who are taken by themselves must be regarded as the highlights of the movie. It's like saying the croutons are the best part of a tasty salad salad. An eye-catching scene, a striker thrown like an Olympic event (this scene is actually so cool), and ultimately the complexity of the exaggerated sex-loving girl whose insignificant name I can't remember. Even * this * gets disappointing just by not being right! In addition, the sex scenes, which are boring by 'Gaira' and his indulgence in long-and-without-cut cuts where everything is blurred by the Japanese sensors, are over-ridden by the actors (you'd think they were enough enough to enjoy, so the need to make them speak for themselves. But the overall feeling of Entrails of a Virgin is that of some, where it is just to look at and without a torn tension or real abomination (see the last girl left, the virgin of the picture , try to stop the killer coming to her, which lasts five minutes if she continues to throw sticks!) You just want to do it because the 'I hate women's mantra to relieve or completely get rid of.
