I'm going to say first that I gave this movie a 3 out of 10 after a few thoughts. I had to give it straight 1, but it has a few extra points for body composition. But it will be about it. Let me explain. I literally paid £ 1 for this DVD in a supermarket because I tend to have a lot of confidence in bargain horror flicks, especially B-movies. But if this movie was to B-status, I suspect it was for a number of reasons (which I will be touching soon), then it has failed incredibly. Not only did it shoot for B and miss, it landed somewhere around F. This movie has so many opportunities to be good and it almost failed on all accounts. I said above that it was probably this movie for B status, and it seems to be trying to mix humor with horror, which can also be very good or very bad. For example, Freddy films (Dream Warriors) later go on Freddy's style and nose thumb, which works well! But in that respect, this film completely bombed because the times when they tried to inject humor were mostly silly. I would admit that it was good at the beginning of the film. In fact, for about half an hour I loved this movie and I was willing to congratulate myself on another great find. BUT what really killed this movie for me was the inappropriate death. For example, when 'Satan' strikes the cat against the board and writes 'boo' with his blood with his body as a brush. Or when "Satan" hits the door in the helpless disabled elderly woman. Now I'm not usually reluctant to die in movies, hey, that's the point, right? But in those two cases I just found it very offensive and unnecessary for anything in the movie plot. For me, the movie is down from there. One big bad thing about this movie is that I hated every character in it. The child, Dougie was just ridiculously annoying !!! I have a loss to explain how he could possibly write off all those bodies and kill people before his eyes! I mean, come on !!! I understand it as if it is in a horror movie, a character should be a bit stupid, like running up if you have to scream out of the house, screaming for help, but this kid took the cookie ! I wanted to kill him by the end! It was absolutely incredible and if I had to hear him say 'Duh!' one more time I hit my head against a wall, because that's what this movie feels like. Why didn't I just switch off the movie? Mostly because I honestly believe in ending, a movie can sometimes be released. But I was wrong in this case. The end didn't release this movie, it irritated hell further from me and was insufficient on the plot line. I already get it! The killer will always come back like someone else, is welcomed by the stupid little child in the house and goes back to a deadly spree because no one suspects him in that costume! I UNDERSTAND! This movie made me physically angry because it was so stupid! And if you end up with some bugs, look at this movie, watch out for the guts. Honestly, if the old man actually had gut that looked like this, I would be surprised that he wasn't dead, let alone until someone cut them off and tied them to a chair. <br /> <br /> In fact, I'll even go so far as to say that the only character I didn't like in this movie was actually the killer. Just because she worked 'comedy routine', it worked. All in all, the plot line of this movie dragged anything that could be good. Why did the killer kill? I do not know. I can live without knowing who he actually was, it's pretty typical, but without any motive - hell I don't know, I'll fix him for a bad Halloween as a kid! It just looks meaningless, just stupid. Stupid those judgments. In fact, I hated this movie so much that I specifically registered with IMDb, just so I could comment on it. Save your money, save your common sense. Stay away from it!
