This is an "anthology" horror movie. It consists of 4 short stories from Robert Bloch's fiction (written for Weird Tales and was personal friends with H.P. Lovecraft, but is especially known for the original story "Psycho"). The quality of the stories is very uneven and I didn't think much about the movie. It would have been better to do this as a comedy like "Comedy of Terrors." Just the last of the 4 stories is really done in a humorous way, and it's probably the best of them (the one with Ingrid Pitt). I saw some of these Amicus anthology films and the only one worth my time was Freddie Francis's "Tales from the Crypt." The anthology style works well for the producers because it means they can hire a lot of "big names", just use them for one week of shooting, and then bring in the next big name. So you pay essentially for 6 weeks movie star salary, but get 5 or 6 different names on the market. But it is very unfortunate for the audience, because the audience wants to see scenes with Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt who actually work together. Instead, they sit in these vignettes themselves. So let's briefly take them one at a time. <br /> <br /> The first story has Denholm Elliot, who does a very admirable job of trying to defend his worthy role as a writer affected by his own character terror. . Unfortunately, the actor playing Dominic seems to be the source of the horror, Tom Adams, just stupid, ruining any possible horror. There are a few hilarious things to laugh at, like the scene where Dominic Elliot's psychiatrist kills. It is the patented scene where the killer crawls behind the victim, but no one is watching, so the whole audience has to scream. The second story is the one with Peter Cushing. God, I love that man. Sorry, so many of his films, like this one, stink a lot. In the story, he is supposed to think away for a long-lost love, and he sees her parable in a laundry museum. It is a completely predictable story that goes nowhere. <br /> <br /> Then you have a little with Christopher Lee, where he plays the father of a small child who seems to be a witch. Once again, this bit of fun could have been played for laughter. But instead, we're supposed to be horrible when Lee hits and amazes the child when she seems to be angry. The actress, Chloe Franks, was pretty good in the kind of "Bad Seed" role. <br /> <br /> The last story is almost amusing ... Ingrid Pitt plays an actress and Jon Pertwee plays an actor who accidentally buys a vampire cape that turns him into a real vampire. It's about all the story has to offer. I was surprised at how bad Ingrid Pitt's English is, I think she had to be bought in some of the other movies I saw her. <br /> <br /> Not a very memorable movie or one I would recommend. complete all but horror.
