The film's storyline is beautiful and beautiful. Two women travel through the Middle East and discover themselves. Unfortunately, if you are looking for a film about the Middle East and Central Asia, it is absolutely horrible. <br /> <br /> The producers of the film also did no research or was incredibly lazy when filming it. To begin, and most untrue, was the Nuristanis, as they were known in the thirties, and since the 1890s and their powerful conversion by Aghnaistan's Abdul-Rahman Shah, not nomads. In fact, they have not been more than three millennia since the Aryan invasions of Central Asia. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the city filmed as Tehran is not Tehran, which is understandable, but the geography of the area The city could no longer differ markedly from the city of Tehran, which is on all sides surrounded by a large mountain range that dominates all the cities' views. <br /> <br /> Third, Persian, despite being spoken in Iran and Afghanistan, is never heard in the film. When there are native speakers who do not speak German, they speak in Arabic. The 'Persian' guards on the border actually say to each other 'Ma hadha rujal' (it's not a man) and not 'in mard' as it would be in Persian. Also, the love song between the Indian princess and one of the main characters is of course in Spanish. Speaking in the garden, one of the main characters says the Koran uses the words "Ferdos" and "Jehaan" and refers to drugs after the words. These words certainly never occur in the Qur'an, because they are Persian for Paradise (indeed, Ferdos and Paradise are distant cognates between our languages) and "World" respectively, although Jehaan is close to "Jehennan" who is in hell Arabic is. When they meet the nomads in the desert, the language it speaks is also Arabic, despite the fact that there are no native speakers of Arabic in Iran and Afghanistan and their use is mainly religious, which is at all in education. used. <Br /> <br /> When they are stopped in Iran before reaching the Afghan border, the people they meet are completely different from any Iranian group. Their tents are typically carpeted and decorated with high-profile walls. In Iran, it is also extremely unusual for people to wear Turbane unless they are spiritual. The spoken language is clearly Arabic from the initial greeting of 'Ahlan wa Sahlan.' When they reach Kabul, they find the desert they find in the sand, quite different from the rocky debris found in the dry parts of the Hindu Kush mountain range. There is an absence of the light green cap that covers the soil in summer and spring. The area is not completely consumed by the extreme mountains of the mountain range that won its name, The Indian Killers, due to its difficult and restrictive land. <br /> <br /> In short, the story line is the only thing in this movie that contains water, it's still weak and commonplace. There is no real sign of it, it is simply the story of two women trying to teach themselves when they come to Nuristan. Even this is still born and there is no real development, and eventually the characters just left where they were in the beginning and nothing changed, except that the world war broke out. In short, it is a very bad movie that I have classified at one star, except for the good footage of Bedouin and the desert deserts, even though they are mistaken.
