The basic premise of Miami Golem definitely deserves a place in the top, say fifty of the most demented films ever written off! I know the top 50 doesn't sound too impressive, but I've seen quite a few very strange movies with turbulent plots. I was prepared for something, because the film was directed and co-authored by Alberto De Martino, who was one of Italy's most ambitious and creative but unfortunate filmmakers. De Martino steals several ideas from successful blockbusters, as most Italian directors did at the time, but he always adds a lot of things to make it even more complex, confusing and overwhelming. Not all of De Martino's films are worth it, but some of them are extremely underrated, such as a special Magnum for Tony Saitta, Holocaust 2000 and Formula for a Murder. The concept of "Miami Golem" contains elements of many great Sci-Fi and adventure flashes (such as "Alien", "Starman", "Includes Third Child Encounters", "ET", ??), but I don't want to know exactly Don't call it a rip-off. The only thing really stolen from another movie is the theme of the opening synthesizer that is almost identical to Harold Faltermeyer's Axel F. of "Beverly Hills Cop". The rest of the movie is an amusing hodgepodge of fantasy, sci-fi, action, horror and superhero movies. This is definitely not always the point (most of the time it is not), but "Miami Golem" is undoubtedly an imaginative and versatile movie that fascinated my partner and I from beginning to end. <br /> <br /> The plot is extremely difficult to summarize briefly, but I'll try anyway. Skeptical journalist Craig Milford reports the story of a German scientist who allegedly discovered extraterrestrial DNA in an unfortunate meteorite and managed to clone it. The DNA cell belongs to an evil alien force that has already erased another interstellar race in the past and will undoubtedly destroy all humanity as it grows large enough. If it's not yet problematic enough, the rich Anderson recommends stealing the slow-growing evil fetus because he thinks he can manipulate and use it to gain world domination. With the help of some good strangers in an earthly disguise, Craig Milford has the difficult task of protecting the planet from the evil fetus. Okay, I know it sounds grotesque and silly, but I assure that "Miami Golem" is actually a light and easily digestible movie. The first half of the movie can be dominant and confusing, because Alberto De Martino tries to keep the plot secret by using reddish herring. There are subliminal ghostly appearances, supporting characters who act excessively mysteriously without any real reason and at some point there are even speculations about the lost continent of Atlantis. This is all the deceptive material, and once the setup is more or less clear, "Miami Golem" in a regular early 80's popcorn action movie with bloody massacre, flamboyant pursuits (in the Florida Everglades!), Explosions, free throws and nasty small fetus samples in pots. <br /> <br /> Now, I don't want to give the impression that "Miami Golem" is a lost and undeservedly dark jewel of Italian exploitation theater. Don't make a mistake, it's a very bad movie! The events are only repeatable if you accept the stupidity and incoherence of the plot and if you fail, well, it is just an intrepid spitfire of negative aspects. The appearances are painfully terrible. Especially B-movie veteran John Ireland, as the archetype James Bond disgraceful character, doesn't seem to be the least interested in writing. You can tell of his grimaces and incidentally he delivers his lines that he also believes that the whole production is delayed and only reported for the salary. Laura Trotter is probably the least sexy female lust ever, and the person who pulled the wonderfully chaotic VHS cover had to feel exactly the same, because the surprising girl on the cover didn't appear anywhere in the movie. What an embarrassment it must have for Mrs. Be taller. Yet her completely free compliance order compensates for this, as she is completely warm from the neck. And finally there is the unforgettable scene where David Warbeck runs a helicopter from a moving school bus with a regular gun! I don't even think John Rambo can do this while he is a Vietnamese meat-catcher and Warbeck's character is a simple TV reporter.
