A reporter, Craig Milford, who works for The James Keller Public Telecommunications Center, interviewed a German professor of a Florida university, who made an unknown being based on a measure of meteor (s) . But then a man named Anderson, who tries to control the whole planet with the creature, and his husband kills the professor and his assistants and plunderes the creature. So, Craig and his new female psychic partner, Joanna Fitzgerald, who can not only communicate with man but also with stranger friend (s), begin to find the creature and send it to a strange spaceship . film has some good roles and staff. For example, it has actor, David Warbeck of THE BEYOND, actress, Laura Trotter of NIGHTMARE CITY, the special visual effects creator, Sergio Stivaletti of Dario Argento's masterpieces, and the director (and also the story author), Alberto The man's Martino with a little and the killer is on the phone. And these talented people make an incredibly bad movie, called nothing but this MIAMI GOLEM, which is essentially a confusingly combined movie of CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE THIRD KIND with E.T.THE EXTRA TERRESTRIAL. And this non-confused, but-also-shrunk, film worth something; genetic engineering with psychic research. Consequently, the film has at least one scientific and / or technical error; Genetic engineering and psychic research are never compatible. (Oddly, with regard to this strange childish combination of genetic engineering and psychic research, the leading character, Craig, says himself. IT MUST BE A BETTER EXPLANATION TO THE BRIEF DISEASE, JOHN. But the whole story of the movie can not and can't offer any kind of better explanation.) Furthermore, this movie was a little laughing; his problematic music. What the composer, who is credited with Robert Marry, offers is nothing but the strangely demanding BEVERLY-HILLS-COP-tipped music. I don't want to say that this Italian theme of BEVERLY HILLS COP is in itself extremely bad music, but I have to say it seems to be clear that the music does not necessarily have the fitness for this movie. Indeed, just who can think BEVERLY HILLS COP, has compatibility with genetic engineering and / or psychic research?
