Serum begins as Eddie (Derek Phillips) is happy to learn that he has been accepted into the medical school to continue the family tradition of becoming a managing director such as his father Richard (Dennis O'Neill) and his uncle Eddie ( David H. Hickey). But his joy can be short-lived, as Eddie is involved in an accident and is being driven by a car. After taking the nearest hospital, it doesn't look good for poor Eddie, so his uncle Eddie convinces his brother Richard to rescue him with the serum he developed, a serum that will give the recipient some sort of wound to heal. or disease. Desperate for his son to live Richard agrees, but the procedure has unwanted side effects such as making Eddie into a brain-stricken zombie, which is just not a good thing. <br /> <br /> Executive manufacture, written and directed by Steve Franke I'll be perfect myself and say Serum is terrible, Serum is one of those who doesn't have budget horror movies trying to rip-off any and everyone else is finally more fun than pulling your fingernails with pliers. The script is horrible, but the entire Re-Animator (1985) feels it with crazy scientists who use big syringes trying to eradicate death, but it's so boring that it's untrue. The first forty minutes is nothing more than a very dull soap opera. to expect nothing to leave the running time with Eddie home after spending some time and finding that his ex-girlfriend had been with someone else, with his stepmother drunk, with his partner drunk have become bored. As soon as the tedium of the first forty minutes is over and if you still watch it, it will take another 20 minutes to get Eddie back to animation. Then he killed a few people, the police picked him up and shot him the end. Thank God. Serum is missing from any of the attributes one wants to associate with a good movie, the character hurts, the dialogue is poor, it takes itself too seriously, it's boring, it's slow, it's forgotten and sees it as a horror movie there is a disturbing lack of blood, gore or horror. Not recommended, did I mention that Serum was boring? I thought so. <br /> <br /> Director Franke does nothing to deliver this thing, although competent, there is no style at all. The gore levels do not exist, there is a little splash of blood, a baked neck, a few scars on a dead woman's face, a few scenes where a needle pierces the skin and that is it. Don't expect a Re-Animator in the Gore section, because if you're going to be very disappointed, it's like me. Filmed in what looks like one house, one restaurant and one laboratory, the film also has no variety and just looks cheap throughout. There are a few scenes of nudity, but it is nowhere near enough to save it. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie isn't bad, proper cameras are used, I can't really comment on the special effects because there isn't a common Serum, it's pretty professional. Apparently shot in Texas, or should it read, should it literally be shot in Texas? The play sucks although I think they were proper actors rather than friends or relatives of the director. <br /> <br /> Serum is a horrible movie, it's boring, slow, boring, has no gore and feels like a terrible soap opera for the first forty minutes. I don't understand why anyone would need to look at it if they can see Re-Animator or one of the successors instead. Seriously, I recommend that you give Serum a miss. There I just saved you from 90 minutes of your life, thank you later.
