"Serum" starts with credits reminiscent of the "Re-animator" movies, and it owes much to them. The story is very similar; a crazy doctor develops a serum that he believes will relieve pain, illness and death, but is apparently not a great believer in clinical trials and wind with a brain-eating zombie on his hands in the person of his cousin. The zombie even looks like one of those of "Re-animator", and in fact some of the makeup effects in "Serum" are not bad. Unfortunately, in quite a few places, the script is quite slow and incredible, resulting in a soap opera feeling for most of the first 3/4 of the movie. For some reason, the director feels compelled to tell the time of the day every few minutes, flashing it in large white letters across the screen. I can't see why it was important, except to make an effort to give viewers a sense of lapse; Sometimes it will be no different, as the plot goes alongside. <br /> <br /> There are a few moments that just don't pick up here. For example, one victim is blown with a sledge hammer, but if we see the victim's head close, there is no sign of that trauma. In another scene, a character walks in a full enlightened hospital corridor (we can see the circles of light on the floor) with a flashlight in hand, looking for the whole world as he walks in the dark. but a moment a second character runs the same, full of enlightened passage without one. These are just a few examples; Moments of what look like legal or editorial messiness are often raised by the film. <br /> <br /> "Serum" is better in some ways than many of those straight-to-video as independent horror lately. Regarding technical items? sound and photography, for example? It has a more polished appearance than many of the countries on a DVD. On the other hand, there are still many woodworkers (especially by one of the main characters, the mad scientist himself!) And the uncanny moments that have nothing to do with the suspension of unbelief and everything related to writing and continuity. Perhaps that is what the people involved in making this movie will eventually have more experience. One of the problems with the low-budget independent horror recently is that filmmakers often rebuild more popular movies that have bigger budgets and hardly ever work out. This is not the case with "Serum".
