Green Street, as it is called in the UK, or Hooligans is a bad movie. The story is full of wonderful ideas and sites that anyone who lives in England was in a soccer match or knew that the first thing about football would be immediate. <br /> <br /> My first main gripe with Hooligans is the poor pouring of the two main characters. Don't get me wrong, I love Elijah Wood and have great respect for his work, but despite his best efforts, he struggled to pull out this role. The main motivation for his character is anger at the system and anger in betrayal, but he spends a lot of the movie quietly and joyfully. He only shows his excited aggression in one short scene towards the end of the film. This is related to its appearance and body, making it a truly unconvincing addition to a gang of soccer hooligans. At no time during the film was I convinced that a) he could handle himself in a fight against such crooks and b) the 'firm' of thugs would accept such a person in their fold. <br /> <br /> The other main character is played by Charlie Hunnam. Charlie looks at the part and is pretty convincing as a rogue. Unfortunately, he is a resident of Newcastle Upon Tyne in northern England. He shows the worst East London accent, as Dick Van Dyke in Marry Poppins is trying to get peck and y. Details like this will probably not hamper an American audience who will be less focused on the local dialect in the UK, but from the UK it was a problem I couldn't ignore and that contributed to the movie to be destroyed for me. The supporting role-players all delivered convincing performances and were well-cast, especially the role of Bover. The boy playing this character was much more suited to the starring role of Charlie. With a movie like this, you have to convince the audience that your characters are likely, unfortunately the decisions failed. Imagine making a movie like The Godfather, and Will and Grace's Sean Hayes (Jack) played Michael Corleone's role. You won't be convinced. The story in Hooligan is also full of incompetence. I'm no football Hooligan, but I'm a fantastic football fan. I know how cliquey a group of "regular" football fans can be. As such, it is impossible for a non-soccer winner, who is not a fan of the club concerned, to come from the area concerned and not even embrace English nationality by a "firm" in some serious cases. equals a secret organization. My final and biggest problem with this movie is the way it portrays soccer hooligans. I object to the film's notion that, despite the fact that they are very violent individuals, hooligans are excused because they live in a kind of ethical code in their own world and must be admired that they are brave and loyal to one another. This is complete refuse. Soccer hooligans are complete scum. They take football, the national sport of England and use it as an excuse to terrorize, frighten and intimidate people. They represent only a small percentage of soccer fans, but give the whole game and people of this country a bad reputation. They are not brave or loyal, they are cowardly and angry. If the 'GSE' in this movie really loved their club, West Ham, why would they spend their lives to be a spot on his name. Hooligans are an embarrassment to football and English society. Soccer hooligans do for the reputation of football that Hitler did for the reputation of the Germans. Although this movie is trying to show the "gritty" side of soccer violence. It does nothing more than promote it as a kind of excruciating activity for extreme fans of the sport. It does not show the poor innocent assistants at soccer games that have ruined their day by an idiot throwing coins / lighters / glass into the crowd. It doesn't show the innocent home and property owners who have to sit with graffiti and broken windows. It does not show the real fans of soccer clubs experiencing indignity and embarrassment when their teams' supporters are banned from going to European matches after matches or abroad because the thugs are ruining them all. If you want to see a good movie about football violence, watch the BBC drama 'The Firm'.
