The first Matrix movie was sumptuous with incredible character development, witty dialogue and action scenes kept in the story. These elements - along with incredible special effects of the day - offered a magical ride that kept you in constant stress. Enter Matrix Reloaded (and its successor, Revolutions). The problem here is not the special effects or the battle order as some may argue; The brothers took well-developed characters from the first movie and took them out as trunks. ?? The connection first established between viewers and screen characters in the first movie is lost if you realize it is not the same characters from the first Matrix movie. <br /> <br /> With this in mind, Morpheus was developed as a charismatic, philosophical character with insight that exceeded anyone else in the movie, but here in Reloaded - we are presented by another Morpheus who is hard and hollow, reduced to scary one-liners that developed the character we saw in the first film. This character just doesn't feel the same, and it can also be said about the supporting characters in the movie. <br /> <br /> Removing 'Tank' was also a disappointment. Tank's involvement with the first movie was minimal at best, but he played the role very well. In Reloaded we discover that the Tin dies after the events in the first movie, and he is being replaced by a Jar Jar Binks stunt double that can't act to save his vibrant (Kellogg's Corn Flakes-dyed box) . His performance hanged me through and most of his spoken dialogue was missing timing. There was an overwhelming sense that he was trying too hard to put his emotions on the screen or the delivery was in the script; Anyway, the experience was humorous! Sometimes I was ashamed of the actor. <br /> <br /> Even most of Neo's divine persona was suspected of fighting. The battle with the 200 Agent Smith clones was definitely exaggerated. One has to wonder, for a man who is so gifted like Neo, that he will even destroy his time in such a fruitless, unashamed struggle when more urgent matters attend (especially if you have his ability to fly or his vain ability to do so). To bend Matrix, consider; Neo could certainly have sent the clones much faster and more efficiently, once again, such acts lend themselves to a consistency-imprisoned writing and filler-created scenes not to make us feel. We immediately discard our expectations of the characters created in the first movie. Unfortunately, for those who are expecting the same, you will definitely go away, feeling seriously disappointed. <br /> <br /> However, if you are reloading as your standard running action movie, and forget about the incredible story of contradictions and the disruption of pre-established character development from the first movie, feel captivated, and feel very enjoyable.
