Waitable small semi-sleeper, but almost engaging. Two or three more funny moments. What amazes me is how smooth and morally highly questionable McNicol is. She plays an invalid (a leg problem), but she's not just the "ugly duckling" that men avoid, but she's even a jellyfish - and we have to feel her! Oh, poor little McNicol, with her leg problem ... Arm little McNicol ?? She constantly gets fit from men, and even immerses them without blinking! On one occasion she even has a pre-run one-night relationship with a blonde stud, and then she tells her newfound French friend quite non-chalant that it took him time to get an erection! Let our viewers wonder why she is so conscious of bone if every man wants to bump her. Well, almost every guy; The only man who really avoided her after seeing her legs in metal is the man working on the phone. But otherwise it looks like men are doing well! No shame, no lack of success with men, and she throws them away like toys; The way she dumped Carradine was ridiculous. Poor little invalid girl? I do not think so. And yet, we are meant to believe that this woman has a great confidence problem; hence the scene in which she prepares to start playing the flute for a solo concert and somehow manages to throw the notes on the ground out of nervousness. Nervousness ?? The rest of the movie shows little or nothing that suggests its confidence has problems, so this flute scene is absurd and doesn't fit the bigger picture. I was also amazed at how quickly and eagerly McNicol made friends with a French woman screwing a married man. On the surface, the film looks a "sentimental story of a cripple's struggle for acceptance" (or something), but it is not so; the writer clearly shifts between this kind of movie and a "screw anything that moves - that's the 80's" kind of movie - very confusing. <br /> <br /> As far as her leg is concerned: it's not like she's growing a big, greasy balloon on her calf muscle. She has "just" a normal metal prosthesis attached to the bottom of her leg. So I don't really understand why the film's creators are trying to make it look like a female Quasimodo or something at the start of the movie. It's not like she has a twin head out of her neck! Although McNicol is almost a big catch. Kind of sweet but nothing special, reasonably average. <br /> <br /> But what is hell, Carradine is playing a (relatively) smooth man flirting with McNicol and her partner? This man was in "Revenge of the Nerds"! But I think it's the same with the Carradines in the movies as it is with the Kennedys in politics: no matter how ugly, or silly, all the doors are open to a career in movies and politics. <Br /> <br /> With nepotism. <br /> <br /> If you want to read fake biographies about the Carradines and other Hollywood nepotists and morons, contact me by email.
