Another double noir on one disc from Warner Home Video and by far the best of the two movies is RKO's wonderful 1950s thriller "Where Danger Loves". It is an unforgettable classic with a great role in Robert Mitchum, Faith Domergue and Claude Rains. Sharply photographed in Black & White by Nicholas Musuraca, it was tightly directed by John Farrow. "Where Danger Life" is an excellent example of the noir style of photographing and will always be remembered for its stylish workmanship that was Hollywood's past. (See my full review). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, none of the above praises can be applied to the second movie on the disc, the mutilated MGM 1949 stinker TENSION! Poorly written (Allen Rivkin) and led by John Berry this movie is full of ridiculous characterizations and unlikely situations. The unthinkable relationship between a gentle and brave pharmacist - in common by Richard Baseheart - and his exaggerated floozy wife (a riotous Audrey Totter) is completely unquestionable and unconvincing (how on earth did they ever come together in the first place is someone's guess ). Then, when she attacks a spectacular pharmacist a spectacular pharmacist for one of her playmates (Lloyd Gough), instead of revenge and attempts to kill Gough, but at the last moment chickens out. The man is murdered anyway and our pharmacist is immediately suspected by murderer Barry Sullivan (another faint performance). Who then killed him? Well, at this stage of the movie you couldn't really care less, because it's all done so badly and ridiculously by director Berry. Mr Berry has no idea of ​​pacing and cannot even inject a forge of style into the thing. There is nothing he can put in front of the camera that prevents you from nodding! The only TENSION contained in this movie is in the rubber band that is stretched to its limit and snaps into the fingers of Barry Sullivan as he gives the intro at the opening of the film. So much for that! A very unfortunate attempt! C'est La Vie! <br /> <br /> Best things about this turkey are the smooth monochrome cinematography by the great Harry Stradling, an effective score by a young Andre Previn and an early dramatic appearance by the sweet Cyd Charisse before she has her found dance shoes. Hey! - Maybe she could have saved the photo if she gave us some steps and some pirouettes! HUH? <br /> <br /> In his favor, however, are the heaps of extras included, with fans, commentaries and featurettes for both films. But the disc is worth only for the RKO Mitchum classic!
