The Robin Cook novel "Coma" was a very successful film in 1978. A few years later it was the turn of another Robin Cook bestseller to get the big-screen treatment, but in the case of "Sphinx" is almost all that can go wrong. It's a horrible adventure movie made up of wood performances, stupid dialogue, unconvincing characters and guided pacing. The only reason it achieved a 1-out-of-10 score is that the Egyptian backdrop offers infinitely more fascination than the story itself. Hard to believe Franklin J. Schaffner (from Patton and Planet of the Apes) is the director of this debacle. <br /> <br /> The real Egyptologist Erica Baron (Lesley Anne-Down) is on a Cairo work holiday when she bumps into the shop of antique dealer Abdu-Hamdi (John Gielgud). Hamdi is friends with Erica and is impressed by her enthusiasm and knowledge. Consequently, he shows her a beautiful and incredibly rare statue of Pharoah Seti I, which he secretly holds in his shop. The existence of the image creates strong excitement in Erica, as it can provide important clues to determine Seti's long-lost grave. It is as much as the discovery of Tutankhamun's grave in 1922. Before Hamdi could even tell Erica, he was brutally killed in his shop, watching Erica in silent terror when he met his creepy end. While still afraid of what she saw, Erica tried to find the treasure. She finds herself helped and hampered in her quest by several other parties, and none of them is truly reliable. For one is Yvon (Maurice Ronet), apparently a friend, but maybe a man with sinister motives? Then there is Akmed Khazzan (Frank Langella), an Egyptian for whom Erica feels a certain attraction, but who can also hide dangerous secrets from her. <br /> <br /> The biggest problem with "Sphinx" is due to its total likelihood of probability. Down couldn't be less convincing than a female Egyptologist? one assumes she would be reasonably well educated and resourceful, but she spent the whole movie helplessly screaming like a busty bimbo of a teenager. At the rare occasions she doesn't really run into a potential villain, she does other mindless things like taking Polaroid flash photographs in a 4,000-year-old grave! The plot turns hard to say the least, mainly from revelations and double crosses that can be predicted in advance. One can't even try to enjoy the movie at the level of stupid but entertaining action costs, because the pacing is extremely slow. Which small action can be found is separated by long pieces of tedium. A well-known review of the movie states: "Sphinx stinks!" Never before has a 2-hour movie been appropriately summed up in 2 words.
