This movie has nothing to do with the Sphinx, and the title is just a come-on. The story relates to an imagined true and hidden tomb in the Valley of the Kings, of King Seti I, second pharaoh of the 19th dynasty, New Kingdom period. It's not a bad yarn, and much of the film is shot in the spot. Even the screens in the Winter Palace Hotel lobby in Luxor were really shot there, not in a studio. The second units are endless, and they must be released on Egypt for weeks. Frank Langella is very good indeed as a sophisticated Egyptian. He should take it as a sideline. The film is essentially devastated by one of the world's most annoying actresses, starring Lesley Anne Down. She spent the whole movie, wondering how she looked, her blue eyes breaking at the right angle, doing all the communities to her, etc. When she started at the age of ten, what hope could she have? She embodies everything that offends most feminine vanity and folly. And to think that this movie was directed by Franklin Shaffner, who won an Oscar for 'Patton'! He doesn't make this scary actress in a kind of idiot hurricane, as she screams or sleeps from one man to another. She is supposed to be a young Egyptian. But she has never been to Egypt! She took a taxi to Giza and got her first look at the pyramids, sneaking in ecstasy: "But they are so GREAT !!" Barf! OK, so it was the screenplay, but she was too quick for the banality and gave the impression that it was her natural element, which I did not doubt for a moment. Elements of the story are healthy. There is indeed a serious problem over a black market in antiquities there. What! Well done! The novel by Robin Cook, which I didn't see, might be good for everything I know. It was nice to see the name of Cyril Swern as a sound record on the film, as I knew him long ago. Stanley Kubrick's stepdaughter Katharina is described as 'draughtswoman'. I wonder what that means? Perhaps his work has been done. Anyway, the antiquities in the movie are pretty good, actually. And we see a lot of the Cairo Museum and many scenic spots. They're actually in the king's Tutankhamun tomb! I don't think it will be allowed for a movie today. Many inappropriate scenes occur in mosques. It won't be going well today, but in 1981 things weren't on the agenda. The music for the movie is absolutely horrible, worse than Lesley Anne Down! But there were soundtrack elements that were surprisingly authentic, one being the cacophony of Cairo traffic noise, which is accurately made in the background, and will make anyone who knows Cairo nervous. Also, the speaker's calls to prayer are there all the time, another touch of authenticity. Why didn't they do it? It could have been good.
