I agree with most of the comments I have seen. I grew up to watch Seseme Street before many of the people who have written comments are even born. I was born in 1964, so I was 5 years old when Seseme Street was set on television. The show taught me my numbers (The Count), spelling (the Muppet) and life. I love all the old characters (Big Bird, Oscar, Grover, and Cookie Monster) and don't quite understand why they had to change. I understand that everything has to change in one way or another, but to make Cookie sample in a "veggie sample" to promote healthy eating. The show has introduced new characters and monsters since its inception. Why not make a separate "veggie monster" that discusses the benefits of eating a varied diet with Cookie Monster. But, back to my point. I grew up to watch the beginning of Seseme Street, my 20-year-old daughter grew up watching me, and we got Mr. Hooper died, although he died before she was born, as well as other topics on the show. I saw the episode as an older child, and still remember how well they portrayed the event, such as real life. And I'm sure it has worked extremely hard, as all deaths and losses have families. You saw it on the show and it allowed parents and children to discuss very difficult events. The show talked about traditional families, adoptive families and joint families. This is one of the few shows that actually discuss these scenarios. I now have a 5-year-old daughter who doesn't really see SS. I tried to watch the show a few times, but it really wasn't what it was. The Elmo 1/2 hour with Mr. Noodle is absolutely ridiculous. As many people have said, it does not teach anything. It is targeted at less than 18 months (maybe) and is not even funny. I have always been proud of SS as a child, teenager and adult with my own child. Now on my second round, I really have a hard time watching SS. The topics discussed: death, marriage, non-traditional families, new to neighborhood, moving away, were related to children and adults in a way that was easy to understand and maintain for 2-99 years. Now there are NO concepts learned, minimal score, just the occasional mention of the alphabet. It is NOT the same SS, from an original viewer of the show. PLEASE if any show producers read this comment, the view must be returned. New concepts have never been a problem with SS, they just had a better way to include them in the show.
