If you want to see a movie that mixes a Latin country with any other Latin country, terrible, "Celestine Prophecy" is a good example: 1. Perú, even in his violent times, has shown politicians or soldiers so much as in this movie. It showed a country like El Salvador during the Civil War. Being a Peruvian living in Lima, it was too funny to see the police guards here and there and everywhere. 2. If you have a car in Perú and you want to (or should) be a taxi driver, just put a sticker with the word "taxi" on the front glass of your car and you can drive freely in Peruvian streets ( there are taxi companies, but their rates are quite expensive). No yellow or black / white square band needed on the doors of your car. Well, taxis in this movie have that band, which you'll never see in Perú. 3. Peruvian people are not Caribbean stylized clothing. For example, when a taxi driver comes out, he wears a "Guayabera" (Cuban shirt), a white hat, and 40's mustaches like Clark Gable. Not one Peruvian man looks like that, please! Perú is not the Caribbeans! 4. A scene shows a woman on a street with a fairly long dress, such as the typical folklore dresses in Latin America. Walk anywhere in Peru and you will never find such a woman unless you have a typical dance look. 5. Cast may have been better. I cannot deny Professor Elizondo, but he is not a Latin actor (his father was Basque and his mother from Puerto Rico, but he was born in New York) and his Spanish is not fluent. It's notorious Spanish isn't his first language. There are dozens of good Latin actors who could act as Cardinal Sebastian. Peter Antonius (General Rodríguez) was also a bad choice for a "Latin police officer". It was so funny to see Elizondo and Petronius in General Rodríguez's office. They looked like two English or American students in a Spanish class and did their best to speak Spanish. Unsuccessful, of course. Castulo Guerra was better in his Spanish. A "Peruvian" officer, who announced Cardinal Sebastián, also spoke a rather funny Spanish. There are many good Peruvian actors, such as Augusto Alvarez-Calderón and Christian Meier (just to name two of many Peruvian actors), who could perform with excellence. 6. I acknowledge that a fiction movie can issue a license to find out cities or even countries. But, if you create a name, please be careful when using a foreign language: The town depicted in this movie is called Vicente and not Viciente. Vicente is a masculine name, and Viciente has never been used. 7. I disagree with one user who says this movie was filmed in Peru. No place is Peruvian, though the production used in excess posters showing "Inca Kola", the Peruvian soft drink. Like not a few American films, this one should have used one Latin country. In fact, for American manufacturers or directors, a Latin place is identical to any other Latin place. 8. In the first scenes, when John (Matthew Settle) flies to Peru, he must come to the only international airport in Peru: Jorge Chávez Airport (in Lima, the capital). Actually, believe me, it should be any airport in the world, but Peruvian airport. And of course, in Peruvian airports there are no military or police guards. 9. When this John takes a room in a Peruvian hotel, this one has a fan and obviously has no air conditioner. It doesn't happen in a hotel in Perú (and other Latin countries) unless you get a 1 star hotel! 10. The rebels fighting against the government are ... Colombiers! Their emphasis was undoubtedly from Colombia. To throw them, producers had to hire Peruvian actors. In few words it would be cheaper to film in Peru. <br /> <br /> I could go on with more examples from this movie, which led me to give it a "1" (terrible) voice, but after about 20 minutes she started to fall asleep . But dear producers: This is not a tragedy: There are many worse movies with not few mistakes. Let's remember "Indiana Jones and the Crystal Skull Kingdom" and indescribable Disney's "The Emperor's new groove". The list of bad movies can be endless ...
