The film gives a reasonably condensed version of what is contained in the book, which is as far as I can tell by doing some research and investigative factual control, mainly a work of fiction. In fact, there are no old scrolls and if the writer is hard pressed, he is sure he should never admit that he has never seen the old Aramaic found in Peru. These "valuable" texts written as usual by anonymous ones were destroyed by the evil "truth haters" in the church and in the local government. It is quite strange, since all sorts of New Age crap come out every year --- hundreds of books, decades of movies - and the Roman Catholic church doesn't seem to me hell is ruined to destroy the movement that it probably doesn't consider as I do, a total crook doody. I'm not a fan of the church, but the ancient texts on which they base their faith are actually. <br /> <br /> This is a typical pattern of scam artists and religious hucksters claiming to have seen. or translated old documents, unfortunately destroyed by the "evil" men or in Joseph Smith's case, were again taken back to heaven. Therefore, the actual texts cannot be found in any museums such as the Smithsonian, nor the translations controlled by ancient languages ​​such as Coptic or Aramaic. This is a scam. In one sense, I admire anyone who is smart enough to make a good idea and make millions out of it, but I can't do it myself because I don't want to mislead the public with more New Age hokum. <Br /> <br /> Sometimes a true old text is found hidden and lost for years. The Gospel of Judas, a Gnostic text, has been discovered and carved for carbon dating and diligent study of the text, which is considered authentic by experts. The Gospel of Judas is referred to as heretics around 300 CE. No ecclesiastical documents then call any Celestine Prophecies as authentic, heretics or anything else. <br /> <br /> We are developing something - so much is true - but the optimism in Celestine prophecy is based on nothing but fiction and lies, and a philosophy based on lies built, will fall like a castle on sand. The harsh, ugly, overcrowded, cruel world of Blade Runner is more likely to be about the Horizon than some Utopian Hippie congregations where everything is love and peace! I tell people the truth and they hate me, but tell them what they want to hear, even if it is pure piffle, and one can make millions. The Celestine Prophecy is what the world wants to hear. Sorry, this is a castle built on sand. Don't get me wrong. I wish God, the Celestine Vision was reality, but it is not. No ancient philosophy at any time has expressed ideas in the Insights with the modern concept of spiritual evolution associated with biological evolution. These New Agey ideas did not exist in the ancient world and did not exist until Darwinian evolution became known. This means that the ideas in the Celestine Prophecies cannot be older than the 1800's C.E, and do not go back to the early B.C. period or near Jesus' time of Nazareth. This type of claim by New Agers is not unusual at all. Wiccans claim their kind of magic and witchcraft. The "old religion" goes back to the stone age when in reality no book of shadows was previously known to Gerald Gardner who lived in the 1900s and was the friend of Aleister Crowley. <br /> <br /> New Era governors tell lies and claim their ideas are based on ancient doctrines, when the elders would stumble upon such absurdities being preached by the Gurus today. Why are they doing what they do, committing such fraud? Simple: There are millions of dollars to be made, and the modern Guru gains power over his or her followers. They compete fiercely and have a strong hatred for their competition despite their demands of love for all things. Every New Age group is bitter against the other. It's a battle for your thoughts and your wallets. <br /> <br /> But learning one thing from me, it's actually similar to one of the insights, learning to follow your own instinct and looking for guidance from within. That I can agree wholeheartedly.
