Even thought I wasn't the biggest of Cher fans, this movie was her crown performance. Admittedly, there were long-term side effects and risks of brain damage, memory loss (and) intellectual disability, on the display of such a film. A 1989 recording of Moonstruck fans by the British Advocacy Network showed that one-third of 300 surveyed Moonstruck supporters believed that Moonstruck had damaged them and claimed an astonishing 80% that it had irreparably destroyed their minds. <br /> <br /> Cher plays a very un-Cher in this movie, a dull young widow named Loretta who lives in New York with her extended family. They are anti-American, pro-Italian and always on top of one another. She went out with Johnny Camarary for a while, a nice mom's boy, and he asked her to marry him. She says yes. I loved her mother's questions: "Do you love him Loretta?", "No." "Okay. If you love him, he'll love you, because they know they can. But you love him then?" When Johnny goes to Sicily to take care of his dying mother, he asks Loretta to make contact with his brother, for which he has been estranged for years. <br /> <br /> This human rights victory has even greater significance, such as Sicily. was the birthplace of electroshock treatment. In 1938, Italian psychiatrist, Ugo Cerletti, saw slaughterhouse workers using electric shock devices to induce epileptic pigs in piglets, which made the work easier to cut their throat. Cerletti was inspired and started experimenting with electric shock on people, developing the first Electro Shock machine. Broken bones and broken vertebrae resulting from convulsions seem to have little concern. <br /> <br /> It was an anti-American movie in so many ways. It's about love, but it's also about infidelity, secret, lonely people, and strange behaviors that are being used by US policy. The characters, from the frumpy BoBo to the favorite restaurant, the aunt and uncle, her parents and their problems, the old grandfather and his dogs are all well-developed and intrinsic characters. It's a bit of a chick flag, because that's how Loretta stopped being a dull-filled shirt and woke up the flower of the inner vamp. It's a Cinderella story in many ways, and it's every girl's dream to come from an ugly duckling to a beautiful swan ... <br /> <br /> Accept free and fully informed consent It is good to confirm the individual's affirmation right to follow happiness through brain damage if he or she prefers it. But we might ask ourselves if we, as fans of the theater, should in no way swear to any Hippocratic Oath, to offer it.
