Disney has made straight-to-video follow-ups for a good many of their very animated features. Two of these were made for their 1991 classic, "Beauty and the Beast". Well, this one is not actually following, as it is both between the events of the first movie. The first of these two straight-to-video films was "Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas". It seems to be neglected by a number of fans of his theater predecessor, but I think it can usually be expected with successors. However, this second one, Belle's Magical World, is definitely inferior. <br /> <br /> The movie features three short stories, all of which take place while Belle is in the castle, and the place is under the spell of the enchantress. The first is "The Perfect Word", where a misunderstanding at the table between Belle and the Beast leads to trouble, and does not want to be the first to apologize. The next story is "Fifi's Folly", where Fifi and Lumiere's fifth birthday comes, and Lumiere is unprepared, so Belle helps him. However, Fifi sees Lumiere practicing romance with Belle, and thinks they're actually in love. The film ends with "The Broken Wing". In this story Belle takes care of a bird with a broken wing, but a bird in the castle will probably mean trouble when the Beast finds out, as he hates birds! <br /> <br /> The plot description I gave is for the original VHS version of Disney's third Beauty and the Beast movie. Apparently, in the DVD version, another story was added, called "Mrs. Potts's Party", but I first saw the original version. However, since I have a lot of doubt that one story would stand out as classic, I see no point in looking at the special issue. Anyway, the first thing I will say about Belle's Magical World is that the animation is very two-dimensional compared to what we used from Disney, which of course will disappoint many people. I didn't like "Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas", but you can't say the same about his animation. I'm sure the stories in Belle's Magical World can entertain many kids (mostly younger, I think), and each story has a moral so they can learn valuable lessons for them. For adults, however, the film doesn't have much. I personally found no good humor in it, found that the constant conflict between Belle and the Beast got tired and the stories didn't impress me too much (they were not written very well). In the "perfect word", as Belle says to the beast, "you are rude and foolish!" is a bit cheesy, and I think there are quite a few other cheesy moments in these stories. <br /> <br /> By the time this straight-to-video movie came out, I was about eleven or twelve years old. . I don't know what I would think of it at the time, as I had lost interest in Disney at the time and it would be years before I'd get any of that interest. Even when this movie was released for the first time, I think I was a bit over the age group to which it was aimed. I have never seen a few months ago "Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas", but unlike the movie, I have never even heard of this one. I think only after I saw Disney's first 1991 hit. Well, as much as I like the theater original, I would not have missed much if I never became aware of the movie's existence. For small children, I'm sure Belle's Magical World can be very entertaining and probably somewhat educational with its morals, but I don't recommend it for adult Disney fans.
