That's right! Below 9 average, but maybe under 12s for some others! I was 11 when I originally saw it on the video and at such youths I couldn't see the shameful cartoon quality, or the fact that the classic characters we've all grown are not the same or so good to see. Just as everything is so 2D here! Belle is, I will agree, not even beautiful, but just a white woman with tinted skin. She does not wear the same blue blue dress completely with no glamorous dress. Wardrobe is the smallest, annoying ear can bleed if I have to listen to her every day! Lumiere, in both the original and the Christmas edition was suave and elegant, but here he is a sparkling, unique girl! Cogsworth, despite being the no-nonsense housekeeper he is famous for, is a complete sh-t and the most irreconcilable character I want to say! He apparently found the unbearable latticehole of his very difficult one in this one and whose bell-face really needed to be used to return to the unforgettable two movie in this series! Poor, Mrs. Mrs. Potts was not created by Angela Lansbury (one of my favorite classic actresses), but by Anne Rogers who was none of Mrs. Potts' character caught up, it didn't offend her! Not if she did her best! When the animal roars, it sounds so terribly fake with clearly no additional roar, snort or growl through a microphone. I'm aware that it's just a third feature that follows two other movies. Of course, it won't be that good, but I'm sure more of a contribution would not hurt the Disney artists, which has indeed so remarkably reached. Styles of animation over the years. That's good, I think, and sometimes I just watch it when it suits me. It is pretty difficult to make a recommendation because you read it because it depends on how old you are, but remember it won't be what you might expect because of the earlier spectacular movies! And to think that it said on my video of the text on the back page "boasts brilliant animation"! It is a nice little movie but for one thing it is also very poor and for the other those 3 words must be saved for the next reissue of the original!
