SPOILER WARNING: In this review, there are some minor spoilers. If you plan to watch the movie, read it no further than the first paragraph. <br /> <br /> The Disney Channel currently has a policy of making many movies and showing a month on the cable channel. Most of these are mediocre and murdered, with some good elements, but still a disappointment (`Phantom of the Megaplex ',' Stepsister From Planet Weird ',' Zenon: Girl of the 21st Century '). Every time in a big time they make something really wonderful (`Genius', 'The Other Me'). But once in a while the Disney channel is making a big mistake and giving us a real stinker. This month (December 2000) The Disney Channel had 'The Ultimate Christmas Present', which I thought was terrible due to poor writing and worse acting. Apparently, the Brainiacs.com was raced a few days before Christmas to get a jump on the holiday because the plot has to do with toys. They even paid for a feature in the TV guide, so I thought it should be better than the norm. I was in for a full shock. Only Disney's "Model Behavior" is worse than that. <br /> <br /> The plot was more far-fetched than normal. I usually let it move, but here it just goes too far. Matthew Tyler gets very sick of his widowed father who spends most of his time at work. His father owns a small toy factory that took out large loans from a cautious bank to remain. His father has to exchange time and again about the plans he makes with his son and daughter. Matthew decides that the only way he can spend time with his father is if he becomes master and commands him to stay home. He gets an idea of ​​herself to create a website where children around the world can find him and send him a dollar to invest in a computer chip that his sister finds out. That whole concept is full of fraud. When children send millions of dollars, Matthew opens his own company's bank account and buys most of his father's business stock. He is the secret boss, but he does not disclose it to his father, but offers himself on board meetings as a cartoon image by a computer. The image itself is so complex (and ridiculous) that it is not possible for someone to create it at home, much less someone who comes so stupid as Matthew. To make a long plot, Matthew advises his father to spend more time and have fun with his children, but a federal agent apparently inquires about Matthew's company, as it is deceptive. <br /> <br /> There is so much wrong here. As mentioned, the things they do here are impossible, even for true geniuses, which these children are not. The website, the cartoon image, the computer chip, even the stuff they are taught in the school, are too far advanced for these children. The actions of most of the role players, especially Kevin Kilner, are terrible. Some familiar faces are wasted. Dom DeLuise plays the evil bank owner, but his share is a throw away. He has one good scene with Alexandra Paul (who shows that she has the ability to act) in which he explains his motives, but nothing more. And Rich Little is wasted in a small role as a judge. There are even some offensive and untouched ones for anti-Russian jokes. But the biggest atrocities are the hardly hammered themes. These themes are featured in many of the Disney Channel movies, but these ultra-conservative messages have never been so strong. The typical 'overworked parent' idea is really hard pressed, and after being read inappropriate in 'The Ultimate Christmas Present', I see it again. Family relationships are important, but Disney must stop this endless preaching, because work is also important to maintain a workable family. Except for the cancellation of activities, thanks to work, the father did not get so bad, but I found it offensive when the grandmother told him, "I don't like what I see." Just as bad is the preaching of the idea that all single parents should marry if they want to raise their children properly. Enter Alexandra Paul, whose character, while important to the plot, there is only love for the father. These offenses just prove that the Disney brain confidence is missing the brain to avoid scratching the bottom of the Disney writing pad. Instead of learning this movie to teach your kids how to commit serious fraud, wait for the next Disney Channel movie. It should be better than that. Zantara's score: 1 out of 10.
