A certain no. A sounding NO. This movie is an absolute dud. <br /> <br /> After being highly recommended by a friend in "that kind of thing," I watched this movie with an expectation of being informed, changing, moving, changing, lifting and all the other positive mystical things what can happen to me when I suddenly see the truth. Now it may sound like someone who is already inclined to try anything that has to do with the metaphysical, metaphysical / physical boundaries of existence. Believe me, I am not such a person. I try to be open about any submission and then decide accordingly. <br /> <br /> In terms of content, the only thing I found slightly interesting and informative was the bit about peptides, emotions, addiction and cellular receptors. This was the only "unifying" element I could find in the documentary section of this movie. The rest of the documentary swarmed on various topics and never thought to unite and unite, trying to tie up and end to a point. And what were all those things about Native Americans who couldn't see the ships that Columbus had entered? Who told the authorities in this movie that it was what happened in 1492? Where are they there? Comparing it to scientific work done in visual cognition (the well-known gorilla video, for example, visiting the Visual Cognition Lab at the University of Illinois website), there might be a more convincing point. Here, however, it looked like a mystical mumbo jumbo. <br /> <br /> As a movie, it wasn't one movie, it was two. I found the documentary lightly interesting, just to hear how people are talking about what they are talking about. (I was annoyed that their credentials did not appear at the bottom of the screen when they initially spoke!) But I have the "story" part of the movie with Matlin in this annoying, unpleasant, intrusive, unrelated and straight-forward stupid . That little bit about the Polish wedding with that dance was not a bit funny. It was laughing, ridiculous, sophomoric, and stupid. And I found the use of the word "Pollack" offensive. It looks just like it's out of place and wrong. Is such use right, because a member of the group uses a pejorative term to refer to the group because he or she is a member of the group? It might be good to make a point, but it doesn't look like that. And anyway, I don't care what the reason, it offended me, a Pool. I never call myself or refer to my ethnic background as "Pollack." And I certainly don't like it like others do. Can I watch or listen to a mocked conversation using this term? Absolutely! But again it doesn't look like this. It looks just like it. Unprovocked, unmitigated. <br /> <br /> The acting was uncomfortable. Elaine Hendrix's performance was absolutely incredible. Sometimes it looked as if she was just reading her lines that had just been given to her. Marlee Matlin seems to sleep most of the time. Maybe she was stunned by the material. I know I was. If she were supposed to portray a disillusioned intoxicated anxiety-prone malts, it just didn't sound like that. But by far, the world's worst was Hendrix! All in all, I found it to be an unfounded, poorly educated piece of trap.
