The makers of this movie seem to have had trouble deciding what their message was. Consequently, they had even more trouble delivering it. They began by poorly describing the principles of quantum physics that relate to subatomic particles. Having established a fuzzy image of Heisenberg's uncertainty principle, they offered a barrage of spokesmen who built a case of ridiculous logic suggesting that every living person is an entity that has the same quantum rules on a cosmic follows scale. Then there was much talk about ideas on which Stephen Covey and Tony Robbins made their careers: positive thinking, interrupting bad patterns, always looking at the shiny side, etc. Then we have a bit about how our brain can change our bodies by producing proteins: hormones that we choose to create more or less. If you are sad, you will create sad proteins. If you are happy, you will create happy proteins. It's just as simple, isn't it? Interwoven with our lessons we follow the fictional life of Amanda, a photographer who appears anti-depressants and hates her thighs. The filmmakers tried to tell us all, "Hey, Amanda, just cheer up!" Why can't she be excited? Obviously this is because the world is a BAD place where there is crime and poverty and religion. The conclusion of the film (which is actually the second half) brought on a barrage of inconsistency. We are all part of a whole energy where we are not beings, but a collective consciousness, but we are individuals who can change the world, but there are many of us because of all the different dimensions, but we can choose who we is and we have a purpose to do good, but there is no god, for there is nothing better than us, so there is no such thing as right and wrong, so there is no such thing as reward or punishment not ever came out of religion, but we still have to do good, although there is no such thing, because there is no one to decide what it is, except that we can make life well if we all meditate, and then will stop crime, and if we say good things, we will freeze water in beautiful shapes. Still with me? Good because there is more. According to Robert L. Park in his book "Voodoo Science", the entire meditation experiment undertaken by John Hagelin in Washington, DC was a farce, the numbers were tested and the murder rate was higher that year than any year before or since. And what about your positive attitude keeps you young and healthy? It was a message delivered by an older man who looked at his age and overweight wife. <br /> <br /> So, all this work or not? I was fortunate to see the movie at a theater where Betsy Chasse, one of the three directors (yes, three) of the film, performed at the show. I call myself happy because I had the first-hand confirmation that these people do not know what they are talking about. Several of the questions asked by the audience have so amazed her that her husband, a chiropractor, had to go in and return the answer. I eventually had to leave when the conversation became inevitable, and everyone, including me. Chasse began to wonder how wonderful the world would be if only President Bush could see this movie.
