It was a crappy movie, with a whole lotta non-sense and too many loose ends to count. I just watched this movie because one of my favorite actors (Ron Livingston) made a comedy about it, and I continued to watch it, because as a girl I like any movie that changes a male nudity include. Later, I found myself wondering how amazing the storyline could be, and every time it ... more ... ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Sean Crawley (pretty Chris L. McKenna, whom I have never seen before - but loved his little nude painting) makes ends meet as a painter when he meets electrician Duke Wayne (George Wendt of Cheers). Think he gets more work from Duke, Sean agrees with contractor Ray Matthews (Daniel Baldwin, plays a stereotypical evil man). Ray is being investigated by a City Hall accountant (Ron Livingston in a cameo, with whom I fell in love with "Office Space" until "Sex & the City"). Ray gives the seemingly desperate cash to Sean $ 13k to kill the accountant and Sean accepts the job. Sean stole the accountant, whose wife (Kari Wuhrer) attracts himself, completes the hit, and leaves - take the file information against Ray with him. Sean quickly learned that he was being used, Ray never wanted to pay him, and Sean used the file as a lever to get his money. <br /> <br /> Up to this point it's a descent movie ... generally worth watching. But as soon as Ray, Duke and their crew Sean kidnaped the information about the file from him, it just became stupid and stupid (and still DUMBER ...) until it finally got writer Charlie Higson out of a 10 -Day author came over and realized he had to desperately find out how to create the series of impeccable knives he created before a deadline or something. Without describing the film, let's just say that you look at the kidnapping in every single scene, you find yourself joking "stunned by the f ** K!," By the constant nonsense as Sean has a pretty graphic and rough road follow after redemption. In the end, so many loose points have been left in the movie, that you start to regret watching it. <br /> <br /> It's a movie you just have to watch after it's cable, and you need to have enough beer and friends to mock the movie, because it's full. It's supposed to be a psychological excitement, and McKenna is a decent actor, but it's hard to get yourself into the movie when you're "Norm" from "Cheers" and a Baldwin brother getting dirty. doing work and a kidnapping strategy that really doesn't make a damn sense. Boys will love the violence, blood and gut scenes, and the absolutely unnecessary sex scenes and boob shots. Girls will enjoy attractive Sean's gratuity in a mainstream movie, when it's almost always the girls being stripped in a movie. Personally, I hate that the only actor worth watching more than his appearance (Ron Livingston) is only in the first one third of the movie.
