Oh, how did we get a burn here? a movie so bad that your mind will wonder and drift on other things as it wastes your time with brain-like, poor production values; character stereotypes of the worst and racist kind since D.W. Griffith refers to the Chinese character in Broken Blossoms as "the yellow man"; characters that are so unattractive and unpleasant that it is difficult to watch, as well as a narrative that fits so slowly, stupidly and relentlessly, so you get the many people who say they want this movie> Prizzi's Honor is a movie that eventually An absolute postmodern disaster is in every way possible. The film is a messy and senseless disaster that John Huston directs; Kathleen Turner and Jack Nicholson star and everyone else fills in the gaps as stupid stereotypes or supporting characters who occasionally cry on a phone or with a main character. Prizzi's Honor is a film that falls into a genre of neo-noir, comedy, romance, action, gangster and overall crime? this twinned with his director and throw should be enough to propel it through some sort of story; some kind of a series of good scenes; some kind of intelligence in the form of a script or something else but no ?? what we get is a nasty and ugly movie that doesn't turn out at all. <br /> <br /> I give some examples of how scary this horror show of a movie is. First, the movie thinks it's a love story and it thinks it for about an hour of its time: from MY time. Charley Partanna (Nicholson) is an assassin who kills people for a family he is working in New York, yet he seems like an international hit from One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. He meets and falls in love with Irene Walker (Turner), who is another assassin and they switched it off, but if the poor excuse for a plot plays, everything seems to be wrong. I read that the plot for this movie is: "A professional hit and hit woman falls in love, just to discover that they are all hired to kill the other." Well, that's true, but the real revelation doesn't happen until twenty minutes to the end! Nicholson plays Partanna like someone with an IQ of 60: he walks around; seemingly make observations and talk aloud about things he sees; He speaks as if he is drunk or has a more serious problem inside and worse of all, we never get the feeling that he is a murderer ?? Early on, a very poor shot (it actually happens from the screen) is not enough to suggest that this man is a tough, best of the best international hit. <br /> <br /> So with a main character Who is disabled and unrealistic, we move to the writing. The first hour and a half are just a philosophical dead zone, with what is always traces of life, but only poor conventions. Partanna sneaks over the phone and personally asks the same things over and over: "Will I marry her? I love her? What is love? What should I do?" And it gets so repetitive, it can't even act as good humor no. It turned like it always was on the phone: a girl named Maerose Prizzi (Huston) played by director John's daughter; who had absolutely no purpose for the plot whatsoever and was there to laugh like the scene in which she told her father how she slept with Partanna and loved it? That made me think, was it supposed to be funny? Should I laugh? The film felt like a clever mafia picture that was launched in the film with its opening scene of a wedding (ala The Godfather) and consequent scenes with a little noir like gangsters, policemen and assassins. But what we get is something very, very different. <br /> <br /> The second hour is turning to a kind of kid's car. Right, love and romance are treated? Maybe the movie will start. I was so much wrong: with more characters, we are constantly talking slowly and very deliberately in a monotone way. We have a kidnapped scene where a guy comes from his office: this scene picks up the movie. Everything is planned briefly and then performed on a heavily overhanded and silly way that just makes it look eastern. We can't see them coming to dramatic music; Perhaps they should come through security to get the lifts; Perhaps they should be cautious of civilians when they hide in their chosen places and when the random woman comes out of the elevator and the shooting takes place ?? The scene is not even worked out correctly. Some tension, some drama: "Do I shoot or do I?" maybe some slow motion if the character has to draw fast before it's too late? everything except how it was actually done. Prizzi's Honor remains his monotonous and uninteresting decent in cinematic oblivion, as it reaches its climax. It's a movie where cameras are reflected in windows; lights reflect in the sides of cars and 'dead' drivers shine when it comes down. Prizzi's Honor is a messy and messy movie that the patients of any filmmaker will try and don't say it was a comedy, because I didn't succeed with it? This is another matter. The film is repetitive, drawn out and colorless in its vision and scope for originality - there is no honor here.
