After seeing MIDNIGHT QUOTATIONS, I'm still convinced that the first decent movie about (teen) witches still needs to be made. I didn't think much about THE POWER and not in CHARMED. The only movie I enjoyed more or less (about teenage witches) was LITTLE WITCHES (1996), and even one wasn't very good. But changes are that if you liked all of the pre-recorded movies, you'll also enjoy MIDNIGHT OFFERS. <br /> <br /> I was expecting a foolish and cute early 80's movie about teenage girls in high school. But I was rather surprised that this whole movie is playing quite seriously. The acting is consistently decent and serious. No jokes are played by teenagers or anything. And the musical score, initially, I thought was pretty good. It added some poverty and also a "classy", using threatening violets and all. But when the film progressed, I concluded that the score was just too ambitious. They do not need to add those threatening violets if you only see someone to drive a car back and then drive at normal speed. <br /> <br /> Then there is Melissa Sue Anderson, who was the main reason for me to watch this movie. A few weeks ago I saw her in HAPPY BIRTHDAY FOR ME, a pretty, thick plot (and goofy on some occasions) slasher film she did in the same year as MIDNIGHT OFFERS. And I have to say, she was very good like the icy cold witch Vivian. But the biggest problem with the movie is: almost nothing happens! Vivian causes a death and an accident, yes, but it is. Then there's Robin, the good witch, just learning about her powers. And we expect the two of them to use their powers more than once, but on one occasion they use their power to make a few pieces of wood and other things fly through the air as projectiles. It was supposed to be a battle between two mighty witches? And what's worse, I was hoping to see a spectacular performance between the witches at the end of the movie with at least some special effects, flaming eyes or whatever ... but nothing happened. There is finally a confrontation, but it is a great disappointment. <br /> <br /> So, the acting of the two witches was good. The musical score was decent (though too ambitious). And the cinematography was sometimes dark and moody. But it doesn't make a good movie, does it?
