There is nothing special about this story of corrupt unions on the one hand and the "chief lawyer" on the other. The sharp but imaginative lighting and photography stems from the fagged out noir cycle. The story could easily be from a Warner Brothers drawer with George Raft. The performances are routine, the direction flat, and even the set of dressing perfunctory. (An alley is shown by a single plaster wall of simulated brick. It has one poster on it. The poster says, "Post No Bills.") We are introduced to the story and some characters by a predictive narrator who informs us. While most unions work hard and honestly to promote the causes of their members, some are corrupt. But we don't learn much about the unions or how they work, although I was just a few years earlier justified by the success of "On the Waterfront". Here they are just a pen to hang on to the story. The real ringleader is an angry lawyer who manages things through three or four boefies. The District Attorney (or whatever he is) finds out as Dana Andrews did in "Boemerang", that the wrong man (Dick Foran) was charged with a murder and he almost spent the rest of the movie and proof of Foran innocence. He gets fist fights and shoots out like any cheap movie-private eye. <br /> <br /> Brian Keith is the D.A. He has shown numerous impressive exhibitions of talent elsewhere, but here he spends most of the time quietly staring at the floor. Elisha Cook, Jr. is a nice rummy, but can't do a good drink. Beverley Garland is good, but is being undermined by the direction she has in a nightclub when she has to be furtive. The rest of the wheelchair will be suitable for a TV series. <br /> <br /> No one is helped by writing. When a B-girl is about to be sent by the union to the Philippines, someone recommends that she learn only a few words of Spanish. "I only know one word," she says, "Yes. Yes." The authors did not trust the audience to know that "si" in Spanish means "yes". The plot is clumsy and has holes in it. Keith visits a witness in her apartment over a nightclub. He entered the door and moved a rifle in his back through a yacht, but he swung out heavily and knocked him out. Then the one orders to call the police. The rest of the scene played in the nightclub in the nightclub, forgot everything about the police and they never came up, nor were they expected. <br /> <br /> It's nothing to be ashamed of, and some people can enjoy, but there are similar things, better done elsewhere.
