A group of hunters follow a werewolf, kill it, cut it off and then sell the head to unethical dr. Atwill (played by director / writer Tim Sullivan). He runs a private clinic specializing in corneal transplants. Research chemist Rich Stevens (Mark Sawyer), whose eyes were destroyed when acid swirled during his blast in his face, is the unlucky recipient of the werewolf's eyeball. It takes a while to get to the first full moon, so first we get a soft love story between Rich and his compassionate, nurse, Sondra Gard (Stephanie Beaton). Sondra is so compassionate that she wipes her clothes and starts riding Rich in bed before even getting the chance to remove his bonds! After a month in hospital, Rich returns to the icy woman, Rita (Deborah Huber), who immediately tells him: "You look pretty ugly" before chasing her in her Kia. Our hero soon discovers that Rita is not just a bitch, but an adulterous gossip that has a relationship with his alleged friend Craig (Lyndon Johnson). Eventually, the full moon rises and Rich finds himself in a hairy trouble, as he turns into a (disgusting) wolf. Predictable massacre occurs. <br /> <br /> After digging Richter's throat on a beach, Rich gets woken up the next morning with his clothes ravaged and vague memories of the evening's events. He makes friends with dwarf psychic / occult expert Andros (Kurt Levi) and is enchanted by both local author Siodmak (Jason Clark) and lesbian police detective Justine Evers (Tarri Markel). When Rich dr. Atwill confronts, the doctor sends his sadistic naked canine handler Kass (Eric Mestressat), who after a kick out of the dissolution of corpses with a captain at the clinic. With the help of Sondra Rich can escape. Sondra took him back to her place and basically raped him on the couch during a long sex scene lasting about five minutes. Will Rich control his lycantropy or get a cure for it before claiming more victims? <br /> <br /> Shot at the cheapest with a video camera, this homemade werewolf fly has a somewhat unique look with the eye transplant angle, but proud of cliché to cliché different. The sets are sub-level - the clinical scenes appear to be filmed in someone's home or apartment. The wolf transformation screens don't even look as good as the time lapse photography way back in the 1940s. Instead, they use dirty editing. Throw hair on the actor. Cut. Spend a little more. Cut. More furry ... and fill his mouth full of white gamble that he can spit. Cut. No need to worry about continuity! There is no fade, nothing solves, nothing. It's pretty messy. As soon as it's completely transformed, the werewolf costume (designed by Jeff Leroy, who also worked out and shot the film) is very terrible. It has red, glowing Christmas balls, fur that looks like shag mat and a plastic face that's almost completely immobile. There are a few times you can see the cameraman's fingers in front of the camera's lens, and the moon really stays five nights in a row. Regarding cast, they are amateur but tolerant. And as far as B horror flicks are concerned, there is worse out there. This one is pretty well played, is just 70 minutes long and offers lots of red stuff during the attacks, as well as the aforementioned T&A. Beaton. <br /> <br /> It was manufactured by David S Sterling (CAMP BLOOD), one of the first to drive the wave of digital video, when it was only in the mid-late 90s that the low-budget / independent horror genre scene began to dominate. Many of his infamous horrible productions have been released by Brain Damage Films, a label to avoid the plague for the most part. Former Man Jeff Leroy (co-director listed here at IMDb, but not in the film's real credits) and Vinnie Bilancio (appearing in a small role as one of the hunters) have been much more fun and polished exploitation flick WEREWOLF IN A VROU'S PRISON in 2006, which showed a similar appearance on the screen (red glowing eyes and all).
