This adaptation, like the 1949s * The Heiress *, is based on the Henry James novel. * The Heiress *, starring Olivia de Havilland, remains a respected piece of work, but less true of James's original story than this new remake, retaining James's original title. This is the story of an awkward girl daughter (Leigh) dedicated to her father (Finney) after her mother dies during childbirth. The arrogant father does not hold his daughter in any way and considers her, as well as all women, symphleminded. Of course, when a young man (Chaplin) of good family and happiness comes to court, the Father is suspicious, but feels so confident that his daughter has no interest in any man. He is convinced that the young man is a fortune hunter and forbids her to see him. Leigh is a controversial actress ?? most love or hate her? and she always has a certain edginess and stiffness in her style, as she acts through torn teeth. She's not bad at this, and she handles her role relatively deftly ?? It's just an awkward role for any actress, so the audience wants to grab the character through her shoulders and shake her until she comes to her senses. While the character saves a lot of sympathy, she doesn't really love it. The very attractive and incredibly attractive Ben Chaplin (formerly seen in * The Truth About Cats and Dogs *) plays his part with the exact amount of mystery needed to ensure that the audience guesses whether he is in her fortune or is in love on her. Maggie Smith is one of the best actresses in life and significantly raises the level of the movie with her portrayal of the well-thought-out aunt. Finney is wonderful, of course, as the father who threatens to challenge her daughter for her disobedience, but the daughter is willing to risk it for the man she loves. But does her fiery fighter still want her without her fortune? This is just one case where * Washington Square * differs from * The Heiress *. Another example is the ability to comply. It's an attractive movie that's as boring as a taps that are too long in a story too long.
