Edwin Porter's 1903 short film titled "The Great Train Robbery" bursts on the screen with so much excitement and ingenuity that prepares one to be blown away by another groundbreaking early film. Just like Melies 'a journey to the moon', critics regarded it as the film that introduced the western genre into modern cinema. In my eyes they were right. It has everything from the planning, the actual lift of the train, the killing of an unwanted citizen, and the impending final scene that makes you realize that these villains mean business? It was all monumental for his time. From here to Eastwood, every Western filmmaker used Porter's image in one form or another to create their own story. One cannot say that this film did not open the door, but the struggle comes from the story itself. The genre is defined by Porter, but beyond its initial excitement ?? There is really nothing to wrestle with. Maybe I get stunned by the cliché modern western and their random messages, but how can this be cliché before I become cliché? For me, "The Great Train Robbery" was forced, undetectable and unobtrusive. <br /> <br /> Unlike Melies, Porter tells a very linear story. Robbers change the course of a train, rob it, then shoot at random just to prove that they are the real villains, and the final scene ends like any predetermined movie, without any surprises or glitches, and the threatening man with " a rifle on your proverbial face. It's slim. Porter's movie is boring. In the issue I watched, there was an addition of color to the end to emphasize emotion. It felt cheap and was not encouraging for the filmmaker or the viewer. The problem remains that, while it is important, Porter's film has been borrowed time and time again, it has indeed thinned. The story itself does not carry the emotional power station it has once. Unlike Melie's early film, I can't see it again. I know what happened, I know there are very few missing behind the scenes, and that is ultimately just what it explained? a simple story leading from point A to point B to point C. This problem is not just grabbing me with this movie, but also the strongest element to see in such an early movie. While it was tired, did the fact that it tell such a strong story? that our characters were characters with motives and drives, was outstanding to see. In an era where nonfiction films were mainly, it broke the shape. Again, not that I'm jumping on the prophetic bandwagon over this movie? this is an important movie ?? It's just not a good movie. <br /> <br /> Overall, I was eager to jump into this movie to see where the roots of the Western genre were planted, but I was just as happy to leave this movie behind. . Porter is a talented director and G.M. Of course, Anderson did a lot of success in the selected field, but I just wasn't upset about the movie. I didn't expect big budget effects like Melie's work, nor did I expect a duplicate of a trip to the moon, but I wanted to see the same creativity, exploration and originality. I felt Porter played it safe, if it could be said with such an early movie, but I couldn't feel the excitement, because our villains did their evil deeds. I didn't root for anyone, and the final conclusion proved that the kitschy ness had little minutes after the movie started. It was pioneering, but not monumental. "The Great Train Robbery" lost its space in the time capsule of the theater. <br /> <br /> Degree: ** from *****
