Cartoon Network looks desperate for ratings. Start with the cancellation of Samurai Jack, and the network looks like it's all the shows that made it so popular, such as the Powerpuff Girls, Dexter's Lab, Dragonball Z, etc. When the ratings began to plummet, CN started to make some beautiful. mediocre performances. Although Total Drama Island / Action and Chowder stand out because of their clever writing and obedient gimmicks, there are many other shows that either horrible remakes (George of the Jungle) or deviations from other performances, such as The Wonderful Misadventures or Flapjack, where The title character just like Spongebob acts, and then there's Johnny Test, which is something of a substitute for Dexter's Laboratory, although it's much more of a mere rip than anything. <br /> <br /> The show's characters are clearly derived from Dexter's Lab. This time, the focus is on Johnny, a blonde (or fiery) character who torments his twin sisters, Susan and Mary. Just like Dexter, of the orange hair, they watched the glasses, the impossible technology. There is even a rival genius called Bling Bling Boy or Eugene, who seems to be sitting at Mandark. Then there's Dookie, Johnny's best friend and talking dog, one of Dexter's. I mean Susan and Mary's early experiments. Dexter's Laboratory was probably one of the best cartoons on television, with its simple yet effective art style, lovely main character, and episodes that seem like it's not a long dragon. Johnny test is very different. The art style here is not nearly as enjoyable. In fact, it looks absolutely terrible. The characters have motivations that make them really annoying or repulsive. Like most episodes in the series, Johnny and Dookie's quest for destruction exists on neighborhood girl Sissy, who keeps Johnny in secret, or the twin's obsession with a boy next door. Since these two geniuses swoon at the eyes of the abs and the fact that Johnny seems to be someone you never want to associate, there is no real connection between the viewer and the characters. <br /> <br /> One thing the series is heavily exploited in its name is that Johnny Susan and Mary's guinea pigs are for their experiments. It ranges from Johnny fat, ugly, monstrous, and even to a woman. The twins also help Johnny in which scheme he plans for his services. When there is an episode that includes this kind of win / win deal, it is usually undone and those who do not come out of the rails never end satisfactorily. <br /> <br /> The writing, however, varies from mediocre but awful. The 'fat' episode is constantly repeating 'It's Phat with a PH. There is a difference, you know. "which is a line that should never be repeated, especially if the episode of childhood obesity occurs, with Johnny a well-known star with money and video games, just by becoming fat. <br /> <br /> Let's talk about how the show doesn't rip Dexter's Lab completely. The show casts in many characters, from two men-in-black called Mr. Black and Mr. White, a military general who has to solve all his troubles solved by Johnny and his sisters, and many villains, although even here the show steals ideas for other sources, such as a Mr. Freeze teen clone, an evil cat with a butler who wants cats to rule humans (like the malicious cat of Powerpuff Girls), a bumbling maniac mastermind, a trio of evil skater 'dudes' and even a Mole Man, who is probably the most cliché villain in the media. <br /> <br /> To download it all, alongside its ugly animation and unpleasant characters, the voice worker is also passable (like the voices for Mr. Black and Mr. White) to just over-splinter (Johnny, Dookie , and about every villain in the show). The theme song seems to be the only vivid thing for this show, but then it's just a few episodes redesigned with a band that just ruined it. <br /> <br /> In the end, Johnny Test is not good. cartoon. His horrible references and jokes about the teen culture will break down the interest of the children in the display, while the bright color, subtle characters, and drag episodes will ruin the experience for teenagers. It's just another of those crappy shows that Cartoon Network is convincing to trick people into viewing it (like MTV after rap). If you need a show that will satisfy your kids for half an hour, you can do better with Spongebob, because Johnny Test is more of a patience than anything else.
