As you can guess by my rating and my title of this review I don't like Johnny Test. Now I think I know what people are going to say, "How do you know how bad it is? Have you ever looked at it?" I watched this show several times because I studied film and animation and it just doesn't hold a candle to my standards. <br /> <br /> I want to talk about the animation first, because it's one of the most confusing things I've ever seen. Like the first two seasons or only the first season, the hand-drawn animation took place. I thought it was a good show to look at when it was hand-drawn, but then it switched to flash animation and the quality dropped with a huge amount. <br /> <br /> It's a strike in my eyes, but let's look at the story of the show. It is trying too hard to be like Dexter's laboratory, but there are differences because instead of one redhead scientist there are two and they are both female. There is a talking dog (why?), And the parents' attitudes are changing somewhat. I have others, but I don't think I can write them here (I don't mean cursing, but I don't know if there is a limit to words.) All the others are welcome, even a DeeDee character Johnny himself. It's just as difficult to be Dexter, but it seems like a heartless knockoff. Finally, I want to talk about the jokes. Remember in Dexters lab some of the jokes involved are screaming? Yes, screaming can be good for a joke or two, but Dexter's lab also had slick remarks that let me get the joke. Johnny Test just forgets everything and screams just 50% of the time and stops the music when a stupid joke or liner appears. It's not comedy, it's stupid comedy (I know what some people think. Isn't there three stubborn stupid comedy?) Watch that and Johnny Test back and you laugh more at the first option.). Sometimes the jokes are based on bizarre situations that, like Chowder, make me angry. I have a rule for cartoons and comedies all together: too much bizarre is not equal to comedy, it just makes you think, "what am I watching?". <br /> <br /> So it comes out on all accounts. Don't look at this show if you have any form or form of respect for comedy anyway.
