There are no reasons to take this documentary seriously and there are four reasons for this: <br /> <br /> 1) The people who made this documentary (including the director and producer) are Serbs or Serbian origins, So the criteria of neutrality failed. For example, they mentioned that the diaspora Croats (the so-called "Ustase") played a major role in the fall of Yugoslavia, but they did not mention that there were also equal Serbian organizations (Cetniks)! For those who are not familiar with the Balkan WW2 history: The Serbian-so-called "Cetniks" depicted in the documentary version are so kind that they helped British paratroop during the war. Well, that's just half the truth. They were also a fascist (Monarch) group who worked with the Germans, but then turned aside when Hitler began to lose the war. It is also ironic that they do not call the Cetnik leader Mihajlovic in the documentary, a man responsible for the deaths of thousands of people and hundreds of villages across Bosnia and Croatia. But they called a certain Ante Pavelic ... Hm ... Let me just be a little suspicious. <br /> <br /> 2) Most people surveyed are completely unknown to me. And I've been studying this war a long time ago (who's the old British lady! She didn't really make her homework!) And they're not even offered by the name, so they can be more or less someone, maybe someone they from the street. Who knows. <br /> <br /> 3) In the documentary they talk about Kosovo and how the Serbs lived there for centuries, and therefore it should belong to Serbia (even if it is a minority). Well, if they call the Serbian-dominated part of Croatia (Krajina), the Serbs are suddenly portrayed as having the right to live there because they have been their home for so long. Good, but what people do not know is that the largest city in Krajina (Knin) has great historical significance for the Croatian. It was there that one of the most famous kings of the Croatian history (Zvonimir) was crowned, and therefore the city has a historical value for Croatia. The Serbs came almost 800 years or so! But no, the Serbs must have Krajina and Kosovo according to the documentary. Is it fair? For me it looks like double standards of director's morality. In addition, the documentary document states that the Croatian constitution had no laws on minority rights, it is a lie because it was one of the first laws to be implemented due to the fact that Croatia had a large Serbian minority. <Br /> <br /> 4) The film calls a radical Croatian paramilitary leader called Glavas. Or the Muslim radical Oric. They accused them of being a major reason for the negative development of the war. Yes, they were radical, but if you want to talk about radicals, why not call Serbian radical paramilitary leaders such as Seshel and Arkan? The mistakes are so much that I only offered a few of them, just so people get an overview of the documentary. It seems as if the people who made these documentaries were not well prepared and did not criticize the Serbs because they feared their Serbian family members would hit them or something. There are not so many good quality documentaries out there but the best so far is "The Death of Yugoslavia" where all the major participants in the war are maintained (eg Milosevic, Jovic, Bulatovic, Tudman, Izetbegovic, Karadzic etc.) and where you get a full 5 hour explanation about the fall of Yugoslavia and the war. <br /> <br /> Another thing. I saw a comment on this documentary where the person was frustrated about why the US supported a country (Bosnia) who was linked to Bin Laden during the war. Well, first of all, all the countries involved in this conflict had nationalist presidents and because the Bosnian Muslims did not have an old ethnic identity (they were formerly called "Muslim Croats") they had to go on something other than implying nationality to increase the spirit among the people, and that was by committing them to the only thing they had in common: their religion. And they took help from the Mujahedin because no one else would support them. They had to fight the 4th largest army in Europe! They need all the help they could get. Nationalism is the best way to unite a nation during war. History has shown us this.
