It is easily the worst Presley vehicle ever, which will bring us very close to the worst movie ever made. This is measurably worse than the exciting "Happy Ending" song at the end of "It happened on the world's stock market" and here I thought when Elvis bought all the seller's balloons for his girlfriend, and then the balloon seller got Jiggy the marching band was the symbol of a bad theater and could not be covered. I usually enjoy the random Elvis movie than for no other reason, but the memories of a time when we were innocent enough to put it through. However, this one should be called: "Live a little, wish you were dead a little," and make "Stay away Joe" looks like Olivier playing Othello. <br /> <br /> Here plays Elvis Greg, who is actually a hippie-free photographer, except for the settlement department. After a fun morning of reckless driving, he ends up on the beach where he is kidnapped by a woman whose name changes, depending on the scene and who is talking to her. Clearly, Michele Carey was chosen for her likeness and ability to mimic Elizabeth Taylor (if I watched it without my glasses, I would have thought it was late 1960's Liz who played the female head). She tells her dog on Elvis until he walks in the water and gets comfortable film inflammation. Then she kept him from the consciousness dipped in her beach pillow, so long he lost his job and his apartment so that she brought his stuff into her house before he woke up without telling him (the audience didn't even know it until Elvis tried going back to work and his boss took him for no reason except he deserved to make this movie, and tried to go home and some found hateful woman in a slip living in his home). <br /> <br /> Rather than arresting her for kidnapping, swallowing and assault, he goes out and gets two jobs to pay the rent back. Mrs. when all his possessions steal. Job one job for Don Porter at a Playboy magazine, two work at the top for Rudy Vallee in a snobby fashion magazine. I think the two-job shuffle is supposed to be the comedy, too bad it is not the least funny, unless you will laugh the 100th time, you saw someone stepping on and off in fast moving to stupid music move. The predominant stumbling block that Greg dropped for his kidnapper is her other love interest, the terrible mishap Dick Sargent (let's see it, whether Porter or Vallee, even in their advanced ages in 1968, would have made far more credible competitors for Miss Crazy love). <br /> <br /> There are a variety of uninteresting and fearless twists and turns, waiting for something, anything to happen that makes it all sense. It never did. Entertainment lasts about three minutes and consists of Elvis's version of "A Little Less Talk" (which I can listen to on CD without this painful movie attributed to me) and a funny five seconds where Elvis flops on the sofa and Crazy Pants apparently dismantled it so that it all flies when it lands on it. That's it, people, messed up furniture, the only laugh in this whole movie. No amount of fashion sixty clothes, music or decor can save this high-sky stinker and it should be avoided at all costs. To see this, an unnatural desire of the audience can cause self-inflow of serious bodily harm.
