When I was seventeen, I really believed Elvis was the king of rock and roll, and I just didn't want to see all 31 of his "character" movies, but it was my ambition to own them as well. What a particularly bad excuse for a seventeen year old I had to be. Luckily you feel ruling and Live A Little, Love A Little is the only Elvis movie I own. <br /> <br /> The spotlight recently dropped, as a remixed version of the best song A Little Less Talk was released as a single. (His first to reach the UK top ten in 22 years? His first UK No.1 in 25). Even when I was seventeen and in need of serious psychiatric help, I realized that the songs for this movie were not exactly the first time. But a little less talk - rollnecks and 60s grooving aside - is a real look. Finding a lesser-known song that is only a relatively small number aware of the mainstream promotes a mix of emotions. It is nice to finally see faith in a song that is fair, but it is also sad to see the disintegration of your own private cult. (And what chauvinistic lyrics too. Although the other Elvis song contains the word "delay"?) <br /> <br /> But what really bother me about this movie is not a little less conversation, but the 84 minutes that surrounds it. Basically based on a novel (Kiss My Firm But Pliant Lips - what kind of lame novel would it be?) This one sees a bored Elvis in the hands of a "comedy" dog and nimfho. Within 90 seconds to meet him, Michele Carey asks "do you want to love me?" I'm sure you will agree. <br /> <br /> I want to remember that some of Elvis's early movies - especially Jailhouse Rock and King Creole - were not bad, but it's just identical hillbilly cobblers. To be fired from a newspaper order can cause a five-minute karate battle with a few gingernuts, causing a highway to accumulate, enjoy a laugh, and dress models like pink mermaids. There is even a dream order for God's sake. Perhaps the only stupid stereotype it doesn't meet is not having so many songs. With just four to choose from, including the credit number, you wait an average of 22 minutes between tracks. Some movies will be weakened by having too many songs, but here they could have helped to beg the pain. Of the remaining three songs, The Edge of Reality isn't really that bad, though Elvis's dance certainly has to be called "The Bear Trap". <br /> <br /> In one sense, for a PG 1968 movie, it's shockingly high on sexual content. Unfortunately, with the talk of dogs, Central America sitcom values ​​and the strongest dance you will ever see, Elvis's dignity is wiped out by this movie.
