It is not denied that the first Azumi film was a commercial product; It was an adaptation of a popular manga and threw off young, attractive actors and was definitely not missing in the budget section. Yet it is more than entertainment for what it was, and I can't deny it. I really enjoyed it. <br /> <br /> "Azumi 2" is missing just about everything that made the original so wonderful. The first thing that alarm bells should do is the absence of the excellent Ryuhei Kitamura. With him he was not only his own visual flair and kinetics, but the original style, beauty and more importantly, his heart. While the first had a simple hitlist plot, this one has a cork screw of a story, with too many dull characters jamming each other, so many times the potential for any sympathy or pathos is wiped out. Away is the effective interaction between the main characters; Azumi and her cohorts are often reduced to a bunch of sweaty teenagers in a forest. Characterization is not existent; If someone looks at who actually cares who lives and who dies, I'll be shocked. The same goes for the villains here. The last battle - in fact, all the battles - is completely without tension. The fact that they are poorly corroded and abysmal - not too few and far between - is being sidelined by their own mercilessness. The villains themselves are trying too much to be camp, and even though they are all combined, they do not come within a landmark of the Pete Burnsian antiquities of Jo Odagiri in the original. <br /> <br /> # # ## Major Spoiler at the end of paragraph! Aya Ueto tries her best to say this, and she also managed to keep her hair in good condition between the films. Azumi is now a full-fledged assassin, which means she can move her sword slowly; Unfortunately, the character is now introduced with a kind of Man With No Name style mystery. Ueto's model looks even more inappropriate. I know this is supposed to be the point, but it is combined with the inefficiency of everyone else in the film, the stupidity of the plot and the general ineptness of the movie generally means that this time is impossible behind her. to get character. The less said about Chiaki, "Remember me about Kill Bill" Kuriyama's performance the better; It's enough to say that her "turn" from good to evil is about as subtle as napalm. <br /> <br /> Overall, this was just a colossal disappointment. Any merit was done ten times better in the first film. A lazy, unsatisfactory - and generally straight-boring - mess.
