I thought the movie (especially the plot) needed a lot of work. The elements of the movie remain western and untrue to try to produce an eastern feeling in the movie. I'll give three of the movie's mistakes: <br /> <br /> First, when Shen told Wendy that he would help her study the history of China, I was delighted that the audience would receive information on Chinese history; but it seems that the movie does not show exactly that Wendy is actually studying Chinese history; Instead, the movie only shows that Wendy exercised the method she'd been studying, which was frustrated and let me down. <br /> <br /> Second, which really bothered me is how the characters cried over the moon cakes. - moon cake this and moon cakes and how good it tastes. Yet they do not mention its true meaning. The only thing they talked about was the lunar cuckold, the autumn festival, which they didn't explain or went into. They could have called the myth that correlates with the lunar cuckoo - the lunar woman. The myth starts with the fact that there are ten suns once and each one will rotate, but one day all ten suns have risen and the country has dried up with rising, intense heat. So the divine Archer, Hou Yi, shot nine of the ten suns and shot only one sun. (There are different versions where the Hou Yi shot the eight out of nine suns). Due to his heroic contribution, he was given the pill of immortality so that he could live forever when the ten suns rose, but his wife, Chang-O, stole it. After stealing it, she fled to the moon, where she met a rabbit. She then got an idea and said the rabbit had beaten the pill in many pieces so that she could spread the pill all over the earth and give everyone immortality. (There are some variations of this story, but in my childhood I heard most of the time about this version). I thought details like that would make the plot more culturally-Chinese oriented. <br /> <br /> The last thing I would point out is the last battlefield of the movie. The monk-owned teachers fought the Terra-cotta Warriors (the vivid images of the soldiers) against the idea of ​​how important Chinese history was to the Chinese. The Terra-cotta Warrors serves as a link between China's past and it was very westernized (wherever possible, the evil should be murdered) that the monks in the movies were prepared to destroy that compound. It would be understandable if Wendy, as she is Chinese American and does not have full Chinese knowledge, had no problem destroying these valuable artefacts. <br /> <br /> The whole movie was esterified because it seems that all the monks and Shen want to do is fight ... I mean, it's rated TVPG due to violence, thinking against the Confucius about cooperation and harmony . It seems more accurate that the monks are trying to avoid violence and try to work things out peacefully before resorting to violence. <br /> <br /> All in all, or one of the producers, writers or directors. did not do their research thoroughly and instead did a messy and effortless job. I suggest that they either stop airing this movie or they shoot the movie again, so that it contains more accurate information. However, I will give it credit (2 stars) for removing one stereotypical Asian and Asian American to be clever and quiet.
