I realize that life in the Western Plains of Wyoming during the 1900s was brutal. In fact, it's probably still brutal today, but was it monumental enough to turn into a seemingly "made-for-TV" movie? Also, women's rights have emerged in this nation at this time, so to find an independent woman determined to start fresh in this difficult area and still show the realism of the era ?? will it make for good performance? I honestly don't know. I've been thinking of this movie for the past two days, and I still can't see the power to say it was a horrible movie, but I can honestly say it wasn't the biggest thing I've ever seen no. From some hodgepodge styles of acting, to two incompatible actors who play without emotion, for some of the most horrific PG-rated scenes ever to come out of the late 70's, it's hard to get a good grasp of Heartland to get. Was it good? Was it bad? It may be that you see and decide for yourself, but until then there are moments that I enjoy and desperately hate! <br /> <br /> This movie remains a battle in my mind because there were some very interesting scenes. Scenes where I was not sure what the director did or what direction he was going, but somehow it seems to work well. I thought the story as a whole was a very interesting, historical story. I don't know much about life in Wyoming, especially in the early 1900s, so this film captured that image in my mind. The mind of very cold winters, no miles for miles, and this Polaroid esquire view untouched by corporate America. It was refreshing to witness and just breathtaking to experience (though television). There were scenes that really came to my mind, such as the cattle branding scene, the pig slaughter site and the sad home teacher who didn't survive their journey, just brought a real sense of realism to this story. Director Richard Pearce did a good job of giving Wise's view to the viewers, but I'm not sure he brought proper players to accompany the view. <br /> <br /> As I would constantly compliment the scenery of this movie, I had trouble dealing with the actors who were apparently on the set and reading their lines of cards on the side. Rip Torn is evident from his role as Clyde Stewart, a loner who somehow finds a connection with Conchata Ferrell's Elinore Randall. The two as actors have no chemistry at all. Their scenes they share together are useless and frankly empty of any emotion. The pregnancy scene almost ran me down because the two "veteran" actors portrayed it. The brave Elinore does what she has to do to get the child out of her, while Clyde gives an approval nod when she is done. This is love? Was it supposed to be love? I don't know, I think with stronger characters that we would have had a stronger bond, but with Torn and Ferrell it felt like two actors were just playing their parts. Other scenes that just look in my mind were like the frozen horse knocking on the door for food or shelter, the constantly fading and growing compassion that Clyde had for Elinore's daughter (I just didn't believe it). to true winter struggle, and the whole land scene. The land scene, especially as I needed more explanation on what Elinore did, why did she do it and why Clyde would build her a house if they were married! It was these simple events that would, if the time had come to explore, mean a stronger movie. <br /> Overall, I'm going to go the middle of the road with this feature. There were definitely elements that needed to be explored deeper, such as the relationship between these two strangers and the ultimate goals of Elinore, but they were opposed to some beautiful scenes of our nation. These panoramic 100-year-old scenes have changed from vast mountains to huge skyscrapers. While there were some brilliant scenes of realism (especially cattle and pigs), I just felt like we needed more. Depth was an important element missing in this movie, which was overshadowed by marginal acting and a diminishing story. Pearce may have pigeon deeper in this untapped world, but rather left open loopholes and clichéd Western characters. Ferrell wore her own, but Torn was completely ignored. Good for a viewing, but won't be picked up by me again. <br /> <br /> Degree: ** from *****
