Joseph L. Mankiewicz's Sleuth doesn't need a remake. It is a well-made film that stands up well to this day. But since the modern remake machine is currently in full swing; I really can't say I'm surprised that the film is being updated for modern audiences. The plot remains identical to the original film and in its core we have the story of a young man, Milo Tindle, who goes to see an older man, Andrew Wyke, discussing a divorce since the younger one relationship with the older man's wife. From there comes a game of cat and mouse. From the outset, it is clear that director Kenneth Branagh wanted to add another touch to this film and he does so through the central location, which has been transformed from the beautiful grand mansion of the original to a technical wonder with low security equipment. I am glad that the director has chosen to make this change since no one wants to see a remake that directly contains copies of the original; plus there is the fact that the place is well used and always nice to watch. Unfortunately, the positive elements of Sleuth 2007 end there. <br /> <br /> The original movie was over two hours long, while this remake is just a shade over eighty minutes. Of course, this means that this version is less of it; and unfortunately it is the characters who suffer. The plot is also rushed and we get too fast in the first turn in the story and before we get the chance to really understand why and how these events occur. The movie doesn't build the characters or the report between them enough to make sure their relationship makes sense. One important thing that has changed over the older character is his obsession; In the original he was obsessed with games that became very important once the turn came into play. Here he has a kind of security fetish that doesn't mean anything at the end. Kenneth Branagh's handling of the movie allows for a good score, but the class ends there. The original thrived on it, but this movie is fortunate to justify statements based on a variety, and mostly unjustified opportunities. what cheap the whole thing. The final twist in the story is completely different from what it was in the original and ensures that the film comes to a very boring conclusion. After two hours with the original, I understood and respected both characters in the film after eighty minutes of it. I hated both of them. I respect Branagh for not just rolling out a carbon copy of the original movie; But it's not a good fit for the great Anthony Shaffer game.
