It's been nearly ten years ago since I've seen one of the last two backgrounds to Phantasm - probably because of my ever-alarming reminder that they're not very good. It is admitted to this day, I am still a big fan of the first two installments, so I thought I was going back and reliving the "last chapters". Part three is definitely the worst of the series as it obviously takes less and throws in a lot of confusing things that don't make much sense. Again kicking off where the previous movie left us, Reggie Mike saves from the tall man who is believing to come back for him later, but things are not safe for a long time when they come across Jody who is inexplicably capable of shaping to accept a sphere. Apparently his soul is being held captive by the Tall Man, so Mike is dragged into the sinister double Netherworld and Reg gets him. Along the way he meets a 10-year-old child and a non-chuck <br /> <br /> There is really nothing unforgettable about Phantasm III, except how stupid and violent it is. Only one positive aspect that didn't even help the movie and it was the return of A. Michael Baldwin and Bill Thornbury who repeated their roles for the first time since the original 1978 classic. The problem is that they have made many appearances. Reggie Banister is, of course, back in his lead, but his bumbling, love-sick attitude makes his presence very annoying. Angus Scrimm does not look quite in its role either. He speaks too much here and is nowhere near as threatening and creepy as opposed to the "peculiarity" after which the film was indifferent. Most people's opinion about this movie looks pretty unpleasant and tends to think "it's still entertaining". Maybe I'm just too much of a nit picker, but I just couldn't come in this one. I remember not having it when I was a child and after seeing it again - I can safely say - nothing changed. Don Coscarelli smelled the scene with its original low budget, nightmare, legendary movie "Phantasm", which I still considered my best favorite horrorflick and his respectable successor, moved things and dark surrealistic and GORY, but "Lord of the Dead "(stupid title) just rushed and banged me ... The inclusion of the two new characters, Tim and Rocky (the only thing that was missing was Scrappy Doo !!), was a strong indication that Coscarelli walks out of ideas and sees how far he could drive the franchise ... So, it's a "Phantasm" movie with very few gore, nudity and four-legged gunguns. Should I say more?
