Wow, the plot for this movie is all over the place! There is so much plot and so many things that make it turn my head practically! And as a result, nothing of it was particularly credible. <br /> <br /> The movie starts with Kay Francis as a housewife living in a small town. She had experience with local theater and has ambitions to go to Broadway. When a big-time actor arrives in town, she follows him in the hope that he can give her a career boost. But her husband is worried about shenanigans - as this actor is a cat. So, the hubby bursts at them and beats the actor - and the actor dies! Consequently, he was found guilty of first degree murder !!! Not homicide, but murder 1! Now, pregnant and in need of money, Kay goes to New York. But Broadway jobs are not found, so she is forced to do any work - even Burlesque. Can't care enough for her young daughter, she gives it to another woman to collect. But eventually she finds work in a real Broadway game and everything looks rosy. But the jealous diva playing in the drama hates her for inexplicable reason and forces her to be thrown off the play. Despondent, she makes her way to England and becomes a real star. Years later, she goes back to New York to get her child - but the child is older and thinks the woman who cares for her is her real mother. At the same time, her husband's lawyer thinks that if he gets $ 10,000, he can get the man out of jail. As another reviewer wrote, is it to turn people around?! How can $ 10,000 find out differently - maybe he'll buy a helicopter so they can fly in jail and scoop him up !! Wow - that's enough for 2 or 3 movies! And all this happens with the 45 minute point !!! Believe it or not, there is more to it. If you really care about it, see yourself figuring out how it unfolds. <br /> <br /> It's kind of like 'kitchen sink writing' - throw in virtually everything and hope, it'll all work. Unfortunately, the film seems to be incredibly incredible and stupid, despite Mrs. Francis's best efforts. It's the kind of movie nobody could really save, thanks to a 2nd plot. It was almost as if someone had just taken a few dozen plot elements, threw it into a box, and then started picking randomly to make a movie! Overall, if you are not the hard-core Kay Francis fan, or love anything Hollywood made in the 1930s, this is one that you can easily overshoot. Not terrible, but certainly not good. <br /> <br /> By the way, the child Francis's daughter plays on her return to New York (Sybil Jason) was really terrible. I think she should be ... I think.
