If a movie has no less than FIVE different titles, it usually means several things and it almost always means that the movie has some big mistakes. Nekromancy has big flaws and is bad outside and outside. I saw the version on the video called Rosemary's Disciples. Yes, I'm sure it differs from other versions, but I'm not inclined to think that it's any other version in any way and the few minutes it can be - will be really better. The story may be the biggest problem: the movie opens with Laurie and her husband takes her to a town where he has a new job at an occult toy factory. (Yes, it gets bad this time!). The town is called Lillith and has a man with a gun on the bridge to make sure that only those chosen by the owner of the town are allowed. Shortly thereafter, we find that everyone living in Lillith is a witch and everyone is guided by Mr. Cato - the head of this municipal ruler who wants his dead son back (hence the name Necromancy). The people in town do witch-like things - have ceremonies, some like a goat's head, and debauchery is abundant (not really shown in this area), but none of these people are very good actors. Mr. Cato is played by the figurative and literally larger-than-life filmmaker Orson Welles. Welles is being abused, but makes no mistake, he is the best thing in this movie. And this is really the saddest part of Necromancy, because Welles gives a rather poor and pedestrian performance with little direct guidance. In one scene at a party, director Bert I Gordon returns to Welles and looks at the party's action with exactly the same frames! It looks ridiculous. Likewise, the scene that has been seen repeatedly from a woman's arm centered in a worm after a car accident. It looks like the arm of a retailer. The story is never fully exploited, because we never really know what is happening: many scenes are shot as dreams or hallucinations and never confirmed. This also applies to the maize, hokey ending. The chief Pamela Franklin is beautiful and beautiful and has many talents. Except for her performance, it's really slim from the rest of the cast, Welles. The direction and story were both done by Gordon, which of course had little gas in the engine. It's not a good movie in any way under any name.
