For beginners and for the record, the term "Necromancy" describes the black magic art to revive the dead and it does NOT in any way relate to sex with cadavers. It's called nekrofilia and yes, I know it's a clear difference, but I already get a lot of comments from acquaintances and relatives that I play a distorted taste in movies! This movie is actually the opposite of distortion or sloppy, and actually qualifies only as boring, indifferent and terribly bad. "Necromancy" makes at least one top five position, in the list of the most incoherent movies ever made! Now director Bert I. Gordon is not actually known for delivering masterpieces. On his repertoire there are titles such as "Earth Against the Spider", "King Dinosaur" and "Food of the Gods", but he really surpassed him here with a completely senseless, excess and completely nonsensical story of witchcraft and mysterious little villages. Shortly after the tragic experience of seeing their baby die dead, Lori and her husband Frank moved to the quiet village of Lillith, where Frank suddenly offered a prominent job in a toy factory. Lori is suspicious and senses a disease of morbidity, especially with the town's patriarch and "owner". Cato, who is very intrusive and secretive. That's another thing. How can someone own a town and everyone in it? Anyway, Lori later discovers that everyone in Lillith is a witch and Mr. Cato lured her to the town solely because of her supernatural ability to raise the dead. For many years, Cato has tried to bring back his deceased, and he is willing to make any human sacrifice that needs it. I honestly don't see the point of the whole movie. This is a blatant rip-off of "Rosemary's Baby" ?? One of the alternative titles is even "Rosemary's Disciples" ?? but the writing is unobtrusive and incomprehensible. Why is nobody allowed to have children as long as Cato's son is dead? It's just really selfish! When, where and how did Lori suddenly learn to raise the dead? Necromancy certainly contains some really unpleasant and atmospheric moments, but it is involuntarily achieved by chance or by a complete lack of budget. The grainy photography gives the film a frightening atmosphere and the pieces look cheap enough to be creepy. Orson Welles's performance ?? undoubtedly the low point of his career? is pitiable, and it is still the best aspect of the whole movie.
