The only previous Gordon movie I watched was the kiddie adventure THE MAGIC SWORD (1962), although I followed it shortly afterwards with EMPIRE OF THE ANTS (1977); However, he looks best remembered for his scientific work of the 1950s. <br /> <br /> Anyway, I happened upon this one in a DVD rental shop: I didn't notice Orson Welles's unmistakable figure On the sleeve I probably didn't even bother with it - because I know the movie under its original title, NECROMANCY! I saw a silence on my dad's old horror toms: the actor's presence in a movie on diabolism was like a good idea that might not be missed, but the end result - especially in this bastardized edition - is a disaster! I honestly felt sorry for Welles who got bored and, instead of his deep and instructive voice, he almost whispered the silly demonic appointments! <br /> <br /> The plot is basically another rendition of ROSEMARY'S BABY (1968): A couple is invited to a remote community under false pretenses and soon discover themselves to be surrounded by diabolists. The girl played by Pamela Franklin has seemingly supernatural powers (transferred from her mother, which continually appears to warn her - although delivered in an intense way through clenched teeth, the latter's speeches are largely incoherent and the fount of great hilarity every time she appears!) and is expected to revive Welles's late young son from death! For what it is worth, Franklin - a genre regularly, right from her debut performance in THE INNOCENTS (1961) - is not in her role (it requires a little nudity and experiences several semi-horrible hallucinations in the course of film); However, Hubby Michael Ontkean is not the challenge of his John Cassavetes character. Some of the other girls also look good - especially Lee Purcell, whose decision to help Franklin escape from the village, proves her right away. <br /> <br /> Events come in an incredibly hidden climax, which sees the satanists finally turning Franklin up and taking her the revived boy's place in the coffin (that's gratitude to you!). While the additional plays protrude (the hilarious opening ceremony and other erotic decorations), the overall quality of the film would have been poor without them; then this particular version is further sunk by the uncomfortable electronic score - which is totally inappropriate and bare in the extreme!
