As a teenager I was beautiful in the whole Bigfoot thing. I read the books and followed the reports. As a more mature adult, I have largely spent on the great man, but I don't mind watching the strange movie when I come one. This one had some strengths - mainly the relaxation of two of the more well-known Bigfoot meetings - the 1924 Monkey Canyon incident and the Bauman c.1850 incident related to and by Teddy Roosevelt, of which I 'I got a little familiar with the young reading I did. The film obviously requires both incidents to involve a sasquatch, while both incidents have more likely explanations, but the recreation was well done. There is also a tribute to the well-known Patterson video at the beginning of the movie, and of course, accepting its authenticity. The end-of-movie sasquatch meeting was also very well done and had a very dreadful feel to it, as the sasquatch was portrayed mainly in the shadows or as hairy feet in front of the shocked men. Unfortunately, in total, these four things can be composed about 20 minutes, while the movie as a whole is slightly more than an hour and a half. <br /> <br /> This is the fictional story (in a documentary style) of an expedition to a remote area of ​​North Britain, to the suspected homeland of the sasquatch. A computer targeted this area based on observation and in one of the more amusing scenes in the movie, the computer also used "eyewitness observation" to make a picture of a sasquatch that looks exactly like the "creature" of the Patterson video! Aside from the 20 minutes I mentioned, we basically see this expedition journey, which means we have to see a lot of guys going on a long camping tour. I was on camping trips with the guys. Let me tell you - they have never been worth a movie. Between the long regions boredom are some beautiful game shots (although one suspects that canned imagery has been used, or even captive animals acting as wild animals) and there are some spectacular shots, except that the scenery is not from the north. British are not. Columbia, it is from the national parks in Oregon. <br /> <br /> I appreciated that we were never given a real picture of the sasquatch, so we don't have to deal with the bad makeup that is part of this. 10/03
