CAN SPOILERS CONTENT ..... I'm amazed at the high rating of this movie to be honest. All I saw was a slow moving propaganda movie with nothing to say. (Note to self should review the rating for Platoon here.) This movie was so black and white ... Americans good ... anyone else or angry or useless. I take it into the British troops, it was meant to be SAS (one of the most elite units in the world most likely to agree with me is pretty sure) they lost 3 men and the others ran away while US troops what was not even the elite soldiers in the combat spirit kept the ground and opened a can of unruly Iraqis on them. Aye silent strings in mind. The only good thing I should say about this movie came in this sense when the sniper came out of the SAS man ... snout flash from afar, good noise ... really done well, but the rest ... Do I save what am I 10 years old here? Well I'm not and can't see propaganda in a movie and the boy had this movie. <br /> <br /> SPOILER ... Oh yeah, and in the main joke, the old man can't stay home with his wife and young child .. he has to enter another year to get into an unruly lie fight! Why ... because young men believe or believe. As to say, I'm surprised at the high rating of this movie, really. <br /> <br /> P.S. I don't hate America. I hate the message of this movie that does not even want to confront issues of an illegal war (in my eyes) that is good enough because there are clearly people who think this is a fair war. For whatever was sensible (wanted to say something different, but censored), but hey, that's for them. But to cut a movie so one-sided as it is black and white ... good, evil is lazy and treats me as a child. In the war there are very gray and these are two (sometimes more) sides who believe in what they are fighting for. Not Star Wars with something dark side reconciles the goodies. For Hollywood's sake you sometimes take people for cups ... and then again 7.8 .... well, maybe you're right, but I don't buy it. Glad I downloaded this movie, told it nothing. ;)
