Bigelow, like the latter day, is a huge muy macho in her portrayal of a few tough American homebrews trapped in Iraq, exposing the road bombs set by the relentless, relentless, childlike Arab terrorists. As Bigelow backs up the Iraq war as the backdrop of the great scene of human drama, a veteran bomb expert is being blown up, and another show is to replace him in the dusty, hot, ugly rubble that Iraq is and a new one. hero was born. <br /> <br /> The new guy who described John Hershey in his book, and later the movie The War Lover, as a sadistic note not really suitable for civilian life, requires stimulation from war to sublime and suppresses her wandering sexual desires. The war lover can only function fully in the war, peacekeepers choke him. While Hershey chastised the war lover (in the movie of Steve McQueen in one of his greatest roles), Bigelow glorified him. The army needs war lovers, they are the bow of defense against our enemies. We can't handle the truth, it's war lovers who are the best soldiers, the most difficult men. According to the unironic Bigelow, ordinary men are pussies, the war representative is a special race, the last of the cowboys. So, if he wants to withdraw his men or love an Iraqi boy? He is a setback to the sex-and-death cult of war. In the war, sex is an ungrateful, loveless, non-asking, non-kind of male bond. Bigelow has no opinion on this; she only limits the possibilities of masculinity in this ham-fisted attempt at realism. Only a war lover can win the moral struggle between right and wrong, between US innocence and Arab perseverance. Bigelow disguises her racism and arrogance behind the intricate facade of journalism. She is just another gung-ho yahoo depicting a brutal war on civilians as a moral triumph of the spirit. <br /> <br /> On the political front, Bigelow returns and returns to the western genre and its relentless clichés, ad nauseam: the wonderful world of the open border, which is another country's country. ("You can shoot people here" says a soldier); the difficult but human black man companion, the soldier with a prediction of death, the abomination, perhaps crazy, commander, the college-educated fool trying to befriend the enemy. You call it, Bigelow revives it. <br /> <br /> The man-boy love is striking in scenes with the cute Arab boy who touches the war lover, but Bigelow plays it straight; she doesn't fill the sex, just clean it. What Bigelow really wants to show us is the ugly, face of the Arab enemy. Any Iraqi who is not pure angry is in any case dementia, hostile or nothing good. They all deserve to die for their impudence, and many of them do in this glib gore-fest movie. The Iraqi women are all hysterical, they just make their presence known by shouting. They can be male stunt men in the drag for everything I know, you never see their faces. There is no female presence at all on the base or in the battle, although female casualty rates in Iraq will definitely test. <br /> <br /> Bigelow goes through all the claims one by one. She glorifies war, she condones the sadistic note-case hero. The cowboys, surrounded by the subhuman Indians, prove their mettle by doing God's work and suppressing the miserable terrorist-infected cavity with pure bravado and suicidal mania. By the end, I felt like rooting for the Indians. In Bigelow's world, however, it never makes mercy or understanding. The Iraqis are being transformed apart. The battle of civilians is just the dramatic backdrop to our hero's psychic sexual struggle. Every US, bullet finds its point. You must love the man, the war lover. It's just his way, he's the true hero. He's just a man trying to do things the right way, and so if he wants a boy tongue on the side.
