The line is funny in England, where, away from Vixen! It's native America, the word "fanny" has a whole new meaning. Unfortunately, this is the only laugh you will get in this horrible sex comedy that is not sexy or funny. <br /> <br /> Strangely inaccessible with painted eyebrows, Erica Gavin (acting ability: zero) is a nymphomania who desires her own brother but rejects his black friend while making derogatory remarks about watermelons. As if he was taking revenge, he asked her if she was going to go with a Shetland pony. It is also referred to as "make it with monkeys". Gavin's ability to shake and tremble with the slightest touch with the orgasmic pleasure is only adapted to the lack of appeal of her seduction dance? which involves a bonfire and a haddock. Personally, I chose the haddock. <br /> <br /> For '68 it was pretty easy things, and I believe the controversy it drew at the time. A character claims to be "stoned", even if it's just on bourbon, and for one of the original X certificates, there's no complete pretense. Just six years later we will get Timmy Lea and his confessions, but here we have to do topless shots. Just Gavin's final seduction of her own brother really scares. Another activity for Vixen is where she helps to determine the sexual problems between a couple by sleeping with them. Of course, the two women do not enjoy working their scene together, and making a poor attempt to disguise it. After Vixen strikes out their disharmony, the romantic man of his wife ends. "I think she got it from her!" <br /> <br /> The only nearby segment involves an unusual discussion of Cuban Communism. It doesn't look like the rest of the movie, but is split with Gavin's breasts to catch it in continuity. It then leads to a vague anti-Vietnam attitude, which is commendable but has fallen in the midst of such an infallible film, it seems to be unreliable and insensitive, not to say straight-handedly. Incidentally, the part of Communist Niles Brooke by Harrison Page, the same Harrison Page, which Captain Trunk played in amusing comedy Sledge Hammer, was taken. The page should be ashamed of its catalog (which also includes Meyer's Beyond The Valley of the Dolls), although Meyer's apologists would like to believe the terrible dialogue, false acting, messy direction and aging is not just part of the charm. not, but completely deliberate. As a defense, it fails to hold water. <br /> <br /> The annoying additional music ?? a cross between the songs they play in cinema restaurant ads and muzak used by TV stations when the transfer is broken down? is ubiquitous and intrusive; while even the silly, amateurish-skewed camera angles can't generate interest. A wonderful world of jazz saxophones, where women are "asking for it", black men ?? or "shine" ?? is not good enough for anyone, and rape is an acceptable form of revenge. Absolutely uncomfortable.
