The BFG is one of Roald Dahl's most cherished books, but in this animated adaptation, magic is just not there. This version remains fairly true to Dahl's original story, so one cannot blame John Hambley's writing. If there is anything, the error is with the colorless animation, the lethal rate and the generally ill-considered voice surplus. It would be right to expect this story to make for a happy, lively, fun movie ... Instead, the movie is a hopelessly dull thing that gets boring to look at. Children who are not familiar with the story should definitely read the book first! All that the film will achieve is to have them read what is actually a children's classic. <br /> <br /> Young orphan Sophie (voice of Amanda Root) lives in a non-friendly orphanage under the vicious supervision of Mrs Clonkers One day she screams through the window as she sees a massive figure suddenly in the village path walk. The figure realizes it has been seen, so it enters the window and kicks Sophie out of her bed and puts her in his huge bag before fleeing at night. Sophie soon discovered that she was kidnapped by a giant from Giant Country and feared he would eat her. But to her relief, it seems to be a friendly and sensitive member of his species who introduces him as the BFG (voice of David Jason). The BFG refuses to eat people, but limits it to dirty tasting vegetables known as snozzcumbers. Giant Land, however, is populated by many other giants who are festive - every night, as it happens - on poor, unsuspecting people. Sophie and the BFG become big friends, and soon they come along with a plan to weaken the other giants. Together they go to the Queen of England (vote by Angela Thorne) with their remarkable story and ask her to send the army and the air force to fight the man-eating giant. The Queen agrees and so begins a dangerous operation to capture the bad giants before they can harm anyone else. <br /> <br /> Jason does the BFG very well (one of the few pluses in the movie), but his good work is almost ruined by some poor sound quality. The rest of the voting is definitely uninspired, with very little to bring the characters to life. Similarly, the BFG is the only character imaginatively animated. Sophie does not have a career, and the giants are annoyingly designed (and almost indistinguishable). Even the places are unnecessary; Giant Land comes especially short, nothing but a barren desert with occasional rocks and canyons. At 88 minutes, the film is not exactly long, but it is dragging heavily in parts due to the roporific handling of multiple rows. Little of Dahl's naughty humor is conveyed satisfactorily. One chapter in the book deals with the BFG's love for whizzpopping (farting) and is extremely screaming. In the film, the same section is completely killed by unfunny handling. I was expecting The BFG, very sociable, fun and enjoyment, but what I got was almost the opposite! This one is a failed burn that simply does not fit the caliber of the book in any department. Unfortunately, this must be one.
