This 1970's hit movie didn't look good, but frankly, it wasn't so good when it was released. Yet it was a very popular success, perhaps because the idea of ​​fatalistic young love appealed to audiences who were saturated with the constant TV coverage of the Vietnam War. The plot is brave as it relates to Oliver Barrett IV, a privileged Harvard hockey player, who meets and falls in love with Jenny Cavelleri, an antagonistic Vassar music student who is proud of her working class background. Of course, his old-school father disapproves of Jenny, and in a typical act of rebellion it means that the young couple marry in one of those hippie-era, eternal ceremonies. He lands his dream job in New York, but she is suddenly sick and dies of her terminal illness. There is a veneer of the then-contemporary film-making techniques shown by director Arthur Hiller, but none of them can ignore the old-fashioned, cliché-famous story. The inevitable end left me particularly unconscious. <br /> <br /> Both Ryan O'Neal and Ali MacGraw have become stars with this movie such as Oliver and Jenny, but inexplicably, as it also is not capable of compelling the depth or complexity required for their characters. At least the boy O'Neal is sincerely in his poorly challenging approach, but MacGraw is so timid and cunning in behavior that it's hard to see what Oliver in Jenny sees as her sarcastic facade. John Marley (two years before finding the unbundled renhorse in his bed in "The Godfather") does better than Jenny's dirty baker Phil, like Ray Milland as the seemingly insensitive Barrett paterfamilias. The well-known Frances Lai music has almost become parody over the course of the year. The print quality on the DVD is good, but the only extra is a rather exciting commentary from Hiller. The most interesting little trivia is that writer Erich Segal (on whose book this film is based) understood Oliver as a mix between two Harvard roommates, he knew ?? Vice President Al Gore and actor Tommy Lee Jones, who is one of Oliver's housemates in the film.
