Warped takes on the Pinocchio theme and sets booby trapped toys sent to a child during the Christmas season (after the previous entry leaves tires with Christmas). (However, other victims are accidentally harmed in the process.) Perhaps by a toy's "boy". Shout Mad George was responsible for the killer toy (.. including a larva that entered a victim's mouth and out of his eye, another where soldiers actually shoot toys at a baby seat after her boyfriend practically cut through hand-pushed a remote control). The small goal is a dumb child named Derek (William Thorne) whose stepfather was murdered by a red ball expanding arms that lit his face so he landed on a fireplace poker land. Mother Sarah (Jane Higginson) worries her son's mental state, has his reluctance to open gifts, or, more importantly, speak, derived from the terrible murder of her husband. Derek's real father, Noah (Tracy Fraim), fears his son's safety, telling him, reluctantly, his former girlfriend Sarah, that the local wizard, Joe Petto (Mickey Rooney), was once arrested for garbage in toys to cause children to lose an unborn child when his wife died in a car accident. child of retaliation by saying that if he could not have a son, others should not Still a heavy drinker (.. often seen Jack), Petto apparently relinquished his feelings towards children, but she spectacular son, Pino (Brian Bremer), and Derek does not fear him. Why? You will understand soon. <br /> <br /> Very disappointing special effects and rather tough prospects. Rooney's name adds a spectator to the movie, appreciating it notorious, but his histrionics can help as much. The handsome main actress Higginson (Slaughterhouse) and Fraim as the man who goes back to her life are not that bad, but the lame plot that is developing is hard to take seriously. I guess that's the point, but Rooney has no reason to be in such a movie. He has no room to bring any personality to his toymaker, except rage and despair, very volatile, barely holding him up while exploding in anger towards Pino, when drinking is not drunk. Bremer is pretty weird and "robot" like Pino, who wants Sara as his mom. The practical effects used during the attacks on victims are quite inconclusive. Shout Mad George's work with Savage Steve Holland was much more effective than we see in this movie. The generation everyone is talking about is not as free as you would believe. I can't even remember a celebrity. Probably, the best of the many successors is greenish, but it's not exactly an endorsement. I was pretty much written on paper, it was an entertaining concept, the idea of ​​spoofing Pinocchio using horror elements, but the result isn't really blowing you.
