OK OK, it can be hard to put a man's whole life into one movie. Traditionally, cinema focuses on one or two important parts of the subject's life. Now, Byron was a "my week beat your year" fellow, making even selective parts that are representative. Furthermore, just as Byron's poems are inseparable from his life, the man's life must be regarded as a whole. Removing parts does not only show the whole picture, it shows a completely different picture. <br /> <br /> In short, my review comes down to this: Byron was presumably the "my week-hitting your year" prototype, a man who so intensely lived in his 15 or so active years more than who do most in a lifetime. He probably had setbacks and was a victim of the time and social environment he lived in - but ultimately this man is the prototype whose life we ​​all want to lead, no? Well, I didn't want to live the life depicted in this movie at any moment. So it gets 3. Not because it was done so badly (which was more or less the direction indicator), but more importantly missing the point completely in a plot. <br /> <br /> More detail. Well, to simplify things, a Byron bio should have two separate episodes: 1. After-Europe trip: England and its rise to glory. + Marriage. 2. She lives abroad. Now, the most important thing is that the SECOND part should be at least as important as the first. Not only was it much longer, but the most important change in Byron then took place. Furthermore, this is where he created his best works (Don Juan, the Vision of Judgments, etc. - all the things that make him unique in English literature). <br /> <br /> Instead, in this movie (a) Byron's life never occurs, even if it's just entertaining, (b) it just gets worse * after he left England. They did two good jobs. First, they began his return from his European journey (although a little more of the real trip would have been welcome as a prologue). Second, they chose a corner, and they chose his incestuous love for Augusta. (Who's quite perfect thrown). The problem with this last thing is that they never let it go. In fact, for the rest of his life, Byron strongly attached to Augusta, but especially because he was such a mood, the fact that his letters reflected it did not mean he could not quite enjoy life the other time. br /> Anyway, the first part of the TV movie had to leave with him to leave England. There is no doubt about it. The thing is: abroad, a life of elation has started (with the notorious Geneva period), but in Italy Byron has also discovered a new life, both for his poetry (inspired by Italian comedy), already in Venice and for himself when he found the Contessa Teresa Guiccioli and moved to Ravenna (then, at the request of Shelly, with Teresa, to Pisa). In other words, he was also * freed *. His thoughts and life opened (and not just in the decadent sense), while England closed further, as it fell into the gravitational force of the Victorian age. True, freedom was Augusta-less, but this bittersweetness tastes in this movie. We see a lonely bored snob getting older. <br /> <br /> I mean, hell, Byron never thought of his poems except when he finally found his own voice in Don Juan! In addition to poetic and romantic developments, his relationship with Shelly (and the breakdown) had to be more documented. It is also in Italy in Ravenna that he becomes involved in politics and revolutionary ideas. This is important as it appears that the decadent romantic and ultimately escapist language and person of Childe Harold turns into the more planted-realistic and lighter passion of the language and person of Don Juan. Life and work is one. True, a little naive, but that's what he got to Greece! And the whole thing came full circle in Pisa, where Shelley's revolutionary spirit lit the spark further. Missolonghi was not the bored snob suddenly looking for an action. These were the insights in Italy (the Gambas) that made him move in action. It can be a symbol for the man who is looking for some Eastern style war stress, while the rest of Europe is tied to the clay of modern reason and conservatism. But it's not just that, there was a real inspiration for it. Meanwhile, Byron has written large amounts of Don Juan. True, his end is a bit sad, but it's not as if he's exhausted. THIS is the core of Byron's life: he might have had strong emotional attachments (2: Augusta and Teresa), but EVERY time he really rediscovered himself. With the intention that he was no less at the end of his life - no, he made a physical and spiritual journey that was few people at the time. <br /> <br /> I wonder. Why is it so often that the second period in Byron's life is overlooked? Because it had less clear conflicts, since the man finally came to his own? By drawing our attention to the frustrated England years with scandals, we do not show much better than the English aristocracy in the time Byron so despised and which, despite having no choice, he * willingly * fled in 1816 to find a world that was modern and liberal enough to let him find the voice that made him the first romantic plaintiff and evolved from a self-obsessed snob to a passionate man who continued with a cause moving forward.
