Only once do I want to see a version of Beowulf where it appears that the screenwriters have at least a passing fame with the original poem. However, after watching this Sci Fi presentation, I was disappointed. <br /> <br /> I don't suggest the authors should understand and analyze the poem in Old English, but I wish they could at least try to read and try a modern English translation. build a story based on what actually appears. The story is exciting enough; why add plotting elements that don't exist and ruin the story? What is wrong to be true to the text? <br /> <br /> Latch is immune to any type of weapon; why do some super-crossbow known what is incredible and could not be possible in this period (as correctly indicated by the previous reviewer)? The battle with Grendel was Beowulf against Grendel. That's it. No one else participated in the battle. The only way Beowulf could beat him was by specifically choosing to involve the monster without any weapons, the mistake made by all the previous challengers. Yet, in this version, the Danes and Geats fight the beast and Beowulf hacks from Grendel's arm with a sword! Again, why couldn't they portray what really happened? Personally, I think a one-on-one joking game between the two would be much more exciting. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is a pathetic and horrific depiction that is merciless to the true story. Why add a deal with Hrothgar and Grendel's mother in offering sacrifice? Why create extra characters, such as Finn, that doesn't add anything to the story? There was no love story in the poem. They couldn't even put the screens in the appropriate places (a bush instead of the swamp and no lower under the lake). They fail to see the metaphor of Grendel's army? It is supposed to be underground to represent hell. Why not concentrate on the symbolism inherent in the epic poem? Even my high school students last year could do much better when they created a short movie based on Beowulf, as they focused on the themes and symbolism that underpin the story. If Hollywood can create a movie that focuses on these elements and is faithful to the plot, then it would be a really good movie.
