Where to start? Anachronism? High tech crossbow with a magnitude of about 500AD? Arrows with explosive charges in 500AD? A monster bolt that looks like a robo copy and of course never fired or swung against any of the weapons? The heart tore from his victim's chest without any contact feeling? Maybe the blonde who would fit a recent fashion show with her makeup and striped hair? The ancient Danish court represents in classic Greek style? The queen played by Marina Sirtis is more robbed by her makeup artist than by madness? The effects are too weak to carry this story. There are a few stories that don't care or even benefit from cheap effects, but this bolt isn't one of them. <br /> <br /> What about characters that appear in their attitudes without motivating? A Bravado idiot prince whose home has been the monster Grendel more than once has less respect for the danger he sees as Beowulf, who has been sent from far away from the Heathland to help the desperate Danes. It feels more like an old cowboy west than any kind of myth. <br /> <br /> Beowulf is an ancient story from an era with almost no literary tradition and much of both its sentiment and its drama is dark. I suspect any modern narrative that does not make an intelligent attempt to penetrate the darkness should fail. I did not love the recent "Beowulf and Grendel", which Grendel regards mainly as a man and sees Hrothgar and his Dane as too arrogant and stupid to acknowledge Grendel's attacks as a well-justified revenge. But I had to respect his revisionist attitude that Hrothgar's Danes was a bunch of macho-boefies who never knew, even after it was over, that they had brought this nightmare to themselves. Therefore, the original story of Beowulf, as it was written, was a misrepresentation of the true story. I think there is a more complex meaning to understand this, but this Grendel's terrible secret that Grendel's attacks are linked to previous human sacrifices does not bring us closer to the shame that Hrothgar and the Danes have experienced. <br /> <br /> This Beowulf has little to recommend it as a traditional myth or as a modern fantasy. I give it a 4: higher than it deserves, but always hopeful that a poor effort will attract the attention of someone who must tell the story intelligently. Meanwhile, it seems that Sci-Fi's films follow NASA policies, it is better to build many probes that fail than some succeed.
