La Sanguisuga Conduce la Danza, or The Bloodsucker Lead the Dance, as I believe it is a general English title, is at 'Ireland' in 1902 where the mysterious Earl Richard Marnack (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart) soon invited to come out . of the work theater actress Evelyn (Patrizia Webley as Patrizia De Rossi) and another three of her co-golden workers' friends, Cora (Krista Nell), Penny (Lidia Olizzi) and Rosalind (Marzia Damon and Caterina Chiani) his castle lies on a small island just off the coast. Evelyn is initially reluctant, but is convinced if it is agreed that stage hand Samuel (Leo Valeriano) will also go along. One day Count Marnack tells his guests that his Father and Grandpa both cut off their heads of false women with a ceremonial knife and there is a feeling of discomfort when it seems that Evelyn looks exactly the same as the present count's wife who also did not run away didn't last long ago ... Along with the worries about foreign servants, it seems that somebody wants to use the knife itself to cut down a few heads ... <br /> <br /> This Italian production is written and directed by Alfredo Rizzo & is total, complete and complete crap from start to finish. First, we can start criticizing with the title The Bloodsucker Leads the Dance. We can investigate that title, because if I do, I feel somewhat deceived that there is no vampire or any form of blood stroke. No one leads anything. Any time and there is definitely no dancing or dancing, so don't expect any of these. What you should expect is a boring, boring, boring, useless little 'giallo' that is killed more than an hour before someone gets killed and any kind of murder mystery begins to form. The first hour of La Sanguisuga Conduce la Danza is as a plot less and uninteresting than anything out there. The best way to imagine it is to think of the most boring soft-core movie you've ever seen, then cut most of the soft-core porn and leave only bad actors, bad dubbing, bad dialogue, a little a bit of soft core sex and lesbianism and absolutely nothing else. Yes, it's really that bad. The mystery elements are shit, people do illogical things for no apparent reason and the overly complicated 'turn' end is as bad as the rest, The Sixth Sense (1999) it is not! <br /> <br /> Director Rozzi does an OK job and La Sanguisga Conduce la Danza actually has a good look, despite the obvious low budget, I mean there are scenes where he rages a 'storm' outside the castle, but the stock used is a black white! So the movie jumps from bright color to black and white when it cuts to the storm and back to color again! There is an absolutely hilarious scene where a daughter and her friend discuss her breasts and she makes her friend feel compliments. This scene is so funny and just as unnatural that it is priceless and easily the movie's best moment, even though a bad 70's porn would be embarrassed by the dialogue! There is minimal nudity and the sex / lesbian scene is very tame. Forget about any blood or gore, as there is no neglected head. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movies are pretty good, the period setting and production design are actually quite impressive, though not massive in size The work is effective enough. The film has a nice sense of color and cinematography is good. The film was baptized, so it's hard to give an opinion on the original performances, but the voice actors are terrible and the dialogue is even worse than usual. <br /> <br /> La Sanguisuga Conduce la Danza is a horrible movie, it makes no sense, it has virtually no story for more than an hour, it is probably the most misleading title ever and is really boring and boring with a confused stupid 'turn' end. As for Euro Horror fans, there are much better movies than this. Please do not waste your time, as for anyone else it is definitely one to avoid. Trivia Note: The notorious (and banned in the UK) Nazi exploitation / horror movie Terrible experiments by the SS Last Days (1977) AKA SS Helkamp & The Cattle in Heat directed by Luigi Batzella and he has a fairly important role as a police detective in La Sanguisuga Conduce la Danza.
