This "smart" movie was originally a Japanese movie. And while assuming that the original movie was pretty bad, it was a bit worse when American-International Movies hacked the movie into pieces and plugged American-made segments to trick the audience. Unless your audience of total idiots is made, it becomes painfully clear that this has been done - and with little finesse or care for the final product. The bottom line is that you have very clear Japanese scenes and then clearly American scenes where the movie looks very different. Plus, the American scenes are truly meaningless and consist of two different groups of people at meetings just talking about Gamera - the evil flying turtle! And while it's a fire-breathing, flying and destructive monster, there's virtually no energy, as I assume the actors are only ashamed to be in this miserable movie - especially film veterans Brian Donlevy and Albert Dekker. They both looked tired and uncomfortable to be there. <br /> <br /> Now, as far as the sample is concerned, it's not quite the standard Godzilla-like creature. To see a giant captive turtle, pull its head and limbs in and start spinning through the air, like a rocket is hilarious. On the other hand, the crappy model aircraft, destructible balsa buildings and power station are as usual in this movie and are not surprising. In addition, a strange Japanese monster movie clique is included that will severely irritate most non-Japanese audiences, and it is the "lovely and preliminary little boy who loves and believes in the monster". Yes, right. Well, just like in GODZILLA VERSUS THE SMOG MONSTER and several other movies, you have this annoying creep on the monster, but unlike later incarnations of Godzilla, Gamera is NOT a good guy and it eventually turns out to be the child. just an idiot! Foolish, extraordinarily bad special effects that can be bettered by the average seven-year-old, bad acting, meaningless American cuts and occasional horrible voice make it a miserable movie. Strange, while most will surely hate this movie (and that stupid child), there is a small and very vocal minority who loves and compares these films to Bergman and Kurosawa. Don't believe them - it's a horrible movie! <br /> <br /> FYI - Apparently, due to its tremendous increase in presence, Gamera was featured in several more films in the 60's as well as recent incarnations. Neither of these changes the central fact that he is a fire-breathing flying turtle or that the movies are really really lame.
