We now travel to a parallel universe where the incidence of giant prehistoric monsters that are descending cities are part of the daily routine. This is the world of Godzilla, Rodan, Mothra Ghidrah and their kind - a strange world, and one even strangled by the appearance of an unknown flying tortoise called Gamera. <br /> <br /> Forever in the shadow of the monolithic Toho Studios, second rung Daiei Studios was more famous for samurai sagas as monster movies. In the mid-60s, they decided to join the giant reptile race and design a rival monster series for Toho's mammoth successful Godzilla. They wisely chose Gamera as their flagship - a giant tortoise shooting between its snake teeth and flushing through the flames by shooting its footprints. ). <br /> <br /> The first Gamera movie "Gamera The Invincible" (sold to the US) is a virtual mirror of the first Godzilla movie, just 10 years behind. American fighters are chasing an unmarked airplane over the Arctic area until its fiery downfall - the nuclear bomb on board explodes and awakens the giant Gamera from its icy sleep. Feeding atomic energy, it immediately goes on disaster, and the world wants to destroy Gouw once and for all, but a small Japanese boy, Kenny, who has a psychic connection to the giant tortoise and even a miniature version in an aquarium. at his bed, Gamera believes is really friendly and benevolent. He is like a little Jewish child with a pinup of Hitler. "Gamera is a GOOD tortoise," he pleads, then grinds, and puts a face as someone is plugged into his cocopoppies. Wonderfully the world's leaders listen to him, and so Z-Plan begins to save the world AND Gamera from complete destruction. <br /> <br /> In 1965, Gamera was released. It was a surprising hit. The annoying infantile anthropomorphism actually worked on kiddie audiences in both Japan and the US, and the face of Gamera on two feet stomping miniature of Tokyo and the Arctic is glamorous. The most surprising of all is the long life of the series: eight original Gamera movies, plus a few recent remakes. Not bad for a mutant reptile whose only friend is eight-year-old milquetoast - and once I hear 'Gamera's friends from ALL kids', I'll kill Tokyo. What seems to be an easy task in the parallel universe where kids are smart and tortoises is bigger than a Seiko billboard in the 1965 Turtle Gamera.
