With the increasing popularity of the now iconic Godzilla series, as with any hit festival event, there was inevitably a crowd of mimics trying to pay for the success on the big lizard. With Godzilla, the dawn of an increasing popularity of the Kaiju (Giant Monster) genre has come. Very sought after success; some have achieved it. One of the mines not only benefited, but Guru's popularity was Gamera, a giant tortoise that can breathe in and out of fire and fly by spraying flames from its sockets into its carapace as a means of radiation. But unlike Godzilla, Gamera is marketed as a friend to all children, later other monsters are fighting to save children, thus Gamera becomes very popular with children. Unfortunately, it's about the only audible stream that the original Gamera series will have any appeal. While the new Gamera movies arranged by Shusuke Kaneko are wonderful, revolutionary monster films, the original series, including the original, is nothing special. <br /> <br /> The first Gamera movie, titled in Japan as "The Giant Monster Gamera" was clearly a Godzilla will-be. Although the film was produced in the color film era, it was shot in black and white. Why? To imitate the first Godzilla movie from the 1950s. Gamera attack also Tokyo. Because Godzilla attacked Tokyo in the first movie. I don't know much about the Japanese version, because the version I am familiar with is the American version, where scenes have been cut and new footage has been inserted with American actors (is it the same thing that happened to the first Godzilla movie? ) Whether or not to add or remove the movie, I can't say. But "Gammera the Invincible" is actually nothing more than a ponderous drill that's just like the big tortoise. <br /> <br /> "Gammera the Invincible" is a very routine-oriented movie. The characters are out of a stock of science-fiction standards, the story is void, the monster has no real motive to attack civilization, the acting is laughable, and so on. The only thing that distinguishes it from the Godzilla series is the end of the movie, but it is also an opponent, as the plan that ultimately halts Gamera's rampage is completely ugly and ridiculous. Now the rest of the movie and many other entries in this genre are also in the description, but it is a stiffly pounding monster movie. <br /> <br /> And although Shusuke would later turn Kaneko into Gamer in an interesting monster with his trilogy. In the 1990s, in the original series, Gamera was not an attractive screen presence. He wasn't scary or sympathetic. He just waved like a toddler, swinging with every step and knocking on miniature sets. As usual, everyone wants to destroy Gamera, except for a small kid (Yoshio Uchida who is left out of the credits, though he plays a 'central' role) who thinks Gamera is a nice turtle. <br /> <br /> Most movies in the genre that "Gammera the Invincible" are part of easy-to-use criticisms and this one is subject to extra pressure. Even in the company of many other Godzilla imitators, this Gamera movie is not a very good entry. And as far as my theater experience is concerned, the rest of the movies in the series are just as boring or worse. Like Godzilla, Gamera will be filmed and fight monsters. And like Godzilla, he will be cheaper and cheaper with every movie until it's time to revive the series and make him serious again. <br /> <br /> It's strange. Usually I recommend people to stick to the original and pass on the remakes. But in the case of Gamera, my verdict is just the opposite. I strongly encourage people to watch the 1990's Gamera trilogy directed by Shusuke Kaneko and to skip the original series unless interested. The new movies are inventive, well-made, exciting, and above all, fun. The original series is a long stream of boredom.
