The last station, director Michael Hoffman's melodrama over the last few months in the life of Leo Tolstoy, started to miss and sleep. Tolstoy (Christopher Plummer) lives with his family in a compound at Yasnaya Polyana. He walks and writes and is seen by his wife and supporters of his "movement", dedicated to his ideas of pacifism, vegetarianism, sexual abstinence, and common property not far away in a bush camp. His wife, Sophia (Helen Mirren), openly wars with the head of his movement, Chertkov (Paul Giamatti), who, in his efforts to convince Tolstoy to sign the rights to his works to the Russian people, try what is due to her on the man's imminent death. To see all this, Tolstoy's new steward, Bulgakov (James McAvoy), is a naïve supporter torn between his love for the man and his concern. <br /> <br /> Based on the novel by Jay Parini, Hoffman's writing regularly leads him to confusing territory and builds a complex stranglehold of threads and ill-considered motivation that ultimately does not satisfactorily solve themselves no. The size of the film is huge, and his story, like Tolstoy, whose predictions in some ways both predict the Bolsheviks and Pacific, such as Ghandi, has to be predicted. It is unfortunately not, it's un-unpickable, building up with many gusto-confrontations that are constantly drifting into nothing. For example, the three-way relationship between the Church, the faithful Sophia and the unbelieving Tolstoy is often referred to. In the latter part of the film, a dumb priest appears in a beautiful hat, but the script never extends it further if it brings the story uncomfortable as an attempt to enrich or give some degree of historical accuracy . There are a lot of details in the movie, but not enough attention is given to most of them, and as a result, the film feels junk, overloaded, energetic but unhappy. <br /> <br /> In his heart, the love story between Sophia and Tolstoy, and the story, as far as it goes, is the reason to watch the movie. Mirren and Plummer are surprisingly the best things in the film. Plummer's Tolstoy is vague, suddenly confused and determined, anxious and full of joy and certainty. Mirren's Sophia is in complete panic, in a righteous froth, forced to look and expect to be dumb, as her husband gives away his time, his possessions and his money to people who are undoubtedly dedicated to him, but also clearly in own their own agendas. They are fantastic performances, the more so the big gap between the real importance of the couple's place in history and the ability of the script to support it, both Sophia and Tolstoy look in the film alone by Mirren and Plummer. the best they can get from what little material there is. Giammati and McAvoy, both talented actors, can't do the same and Giamatti's Chertkov doesn't look a revolutionary or a thief (and not both at once), but rather a surgery, a stance for a whole series of unsolved concerns and aborted historical impulses. The scale of this thing never falls on anything, it strikes, gets on the power of Plummer and Mirren and not much else. It is interesting and beautiful, but ultimately inconspicuous. 4.5 / 10
