This incredibly overestimated anime television series (26 episodes, 25 minutes each) is about a 14-year-old boy (and two of his girlfriends) managing a giant robot to defend Japan from invasive creatures called Angels. There is very little explanation given to the angels or why their numbers have increased in recent times and they just look out of nowhere without being a clear reason (why don't you all attack simultaneously, rather than convenient intervals for the people you are trying to destroy?). The robot fighting scenes are trying to use a variety of obstacles, but the action itself is poorly executed and boring to watch. Almost every episode looks like a waste of space where nothing of interest happens. Some may be interrogated by fans who call the (very little) symbolic references herein, but all they are - level one-liners to religious or philosophical concepts that are arbitrarily incorporated with zero craftsmanship. Overall, the series is incredibly annoying because of the superficiality of the characters, which is actually nothing more than self-pitying crybabies. Psychology is pathetic, with hopelessly simplistic conflicts such as "I hate my father", repeated and over and over and over, with no progression beyond their face value. It is not surprising to say that these characters expel this series of time-consuming mediocrity to anger-inducing rubbish during their last episodes with their endless, anxiety-hidden diatribes of excessively repetitive psycho-tags (some of which are completely meaningless). <br /> <br /> When I say that this series just got worse and worse, I'm not making a treasure. Every day I look at the DVD set that sits on my lounge table and tells myself, "Damn, I have to see the next episode at some point." (Sug) I can also hit another one tonight. "The real kicker was that the episodes were only 25 minutes long, but somehow they were able to break down into a totally uninteresting drill in the opening of 10 minutes. It comes from a man who will happily sit through 150 minutes of movies with glacier pacing, so my criticism of this series is indeed the most damning. <br /> <br /> Never in my life have I seen contempt for a series as many as "gospel." Because of all the fanatical comments on IMDb, and I definitely did not let it collect dust after I spent my hard-earned money, what was followed was 10 hours of pure, tireless torture. highly acclaimed disaster in a hatred / love affair. <br /> <br /> "Gospel" represents everything that should not be anime - massive amounts of dull, pretentious tribulation under the guise of intelligent theater, the universal award for this piece crap is one utig incredible; And the ridiculous claims by fans that this series is one of man's greatest achievements is probably the most amazing comment I've ever heard on IMDb - and I've seen a few dozies.
