I sometimes see this show because my wife sometimes looks at it. I try to enjoy it for the basic idea that a needy family helps, but several factors are getting in the way. Each episode follows the same format where many parts look completely written (what they are) and tears seem to be on the cue. The attempt to manipulate the viewer with a mix of emotional breakdowns and sad music is a real turn off for me. The fact that everyone who donates something to the house, whether it is Sears or whoever joins, is also annoying. Probably the biggest problem I have with this is that it has to be huge amounts of money and a small army of workers is combined to build a wonderful home for a single family. Now I know that this amount is nothing but a drop in the bucket for Disney / ABC, but how much more can be done for more people with the amount they install on one house? Instead of concentrating on one family and letting them all cry during the episode, why not show 10 families and highlights? Isn't life hard enough for the average person? Why do I need help finding things to feel sad, why not show something truly inspiring without being manipulative? I know what is done for these families is good, but it is also used for ratings. You can't tell me they sometimes deviate from crying. I think if I see these people moving to a house that most US hardworking people cannot afford for their children, it really makes me difficult. I can't help but think about what can really be done with a small portion of Disney's money. Instead of giving each family member a flat-screen TV and / or personal shower that tells you the water temperature and jumps out of the ceiling, why not help people afford food, clothing, education and medical insurance? I know so we can be entertained and have a good cry. As for money, I feel the same about Oprah. I don't think anyone can actually understand the amount of money she owns. Yes, her recent reality show did good things, but when she gave $ 30,000 to anyone who lost a participant, I sit here thinking ... it's a year's salary for many, many people ... if they are happy is. Don't start me on game apps. So I realize that Extreme Makeover Home Edition does "good", but forgive me if I see it as more self-service than giving of it. Does anyone out there feel similar?
