This movie is not about football. It's about Jesus / GOD !! It's the same kind of juicy, sacred, religious bravery you get from the bow idiots struggling for Jesus, or pumping iron for Jesus. Yes, Jesus was completely plucked, had contact sports, and certainly owned a full set of stupid bells. DUHHH! This movie had to be titled "Step by Jesus", or something along those lines just to let the general public know that the real intention of this movie is to turn people into Christianity, and to blow to those whose brain already has thoroughly washed in the blood of the lamb. The fact that the title is derived from the Bible is made clear when the head coach reads his Bible and asks Jesus for help. The recent sports film "Invincible" was 100 times more inspiring than it was, and Jesus wasn't even a factor. It was just the desire and determination of an individual with a dream. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, any broad appeal as an inspiring sports movie is lost amidst all the blatant biblical and sacred religious propaganda. One gets the impression that the only message is the only way you can succeed and gain positive profit if you accept Jesus as your personal savior. But that is simply not true, and therefore a lie is aroused by those who believe that it is true and that everyone must believe it. The image of the winning athlete thanking Jesus when he wins, comes directly to the front. What does he do if he loses? He cursed Jesus Of course not! When he loses, Jesus is not responsible. Jesus is only responsible when he wins. And the logic goes round and round, and it ends exactly where the true believer needs it, every time! I had to pause when the scene with the coach who got a brand new truck was running, so I could stop rolling on my floor and take my breath. Materialism is not what Jesus taught. I find it strange that most so-called "Christians" forget or ignore this message from their "Redeemer", especially if I see a Jesus fish on the back of a giant SUV that overtakes me as if I were standing still. <br /> <br /> Another message that this movie suggests is that Jesus is obviously more concerned about the victory record of a mediocre high school team he does over the millions of hungry children in the world. The final scene where the insecure and uncertain kicker is pushing a 51-year-old field goal and it looks like an incredibly amazing miracle, puts the final gag to me with a spoonful of religious red flag on this turkey. I only gave it three stars because the man who played the black coach could actually act.
