I was shouted by fellow Christians and despised by declaring my disappointment with this movie. I am chased by such statements: "I can't believe you didn't like it! It's made entirely by Christians!" "Everyone has donated their time and no one is paying for the movie. It was made by a church and not by Hollywood. We have to spend our money on movies like this! They only used $ 100,000 to make the movie." "It is through a true church and Christian school in Georgia! A preacher wrote and directed it." So, the reason I have to love this movie is simple because it was made and the minimum amount of money it used, and it was made by Christians. It's all it takes to love the movie. <br /> <br /> See, I have the movie without knowing anything about the background of the movie. I have never heard of it and had no idea - except soccer - of what it is all about. I looked at it as if I was watching another movie and was disappointed. I was disappointed in the turbulent editing and lame script. I was very disappointed with the decision after the climax. Do not worry. There were other cheap movies and other great films made that deserved less respect from me. It's not about making the movie. This is the end product. <br /> <br /> The author acknowledges that God does not say "yes" to everything we pray for, but he wanted to show by having faith. God changes our lives. . It is true. However, God can change our lives and we are still barren. God can change our lives and we do not get an increase in our work. God can change our lives and our car is still an old jalousie. God can change our lives and our home is still stinking. Why didn't he portray it in the movie? Others expressed their concern about the writer / director about the case, but apparently he was defensive. <br /> <br /> I didn't think the acting was terrible or much of the landscape shots. I like the idea of ​​going to God and acknowledging His mighty power and our weakness. <br /> <br /> Writing and directing was very poor. It is easy to distinguish it because many characters have no development. All we really get from the coach's wife is that she's not pregnant (well up to the end of the movie). It looks like there was only one ball player who had the potential to have an interesting character, and it was chopped in. although I've never kicked a real field goal. "Another problem was the Christian school itself. Umm, I worked for two Christian schools, went to one myself and had many nephews and cousins ​​in other Christian schools. All in all, I had some nice connections with about Ten different. NO of the problems I have seen in all these schools have been addressed. I saw it as totally surrealistic in the film about their school and wanted them to have the human factor. see a dose of reality and how God can work. <br /> <br /> I say by saying that every work - whether written or signed or on a tool - shares the artist's world view. what has been shown to me in this movie consists of: "People who are praying in the right way, get new cars, get pregnant when they can't, get a raise and get their home - everything is inside" a short while. "I know. I just have to love the movie because of the sincerity of the people who made it. I think I should love the movie because it was well done and for no other reason.
