I watched this movie in the youth group, where my otherwise intuitive youth leader and his wife struggled about it. Then some grown-up couples at a church-related Christmas fooled themselves into attending a copy of this movie to each family, and now my household is sitting at the movie (although fortunately still in its shrink wrap). I wept bitter tears about these sad events, and here's why: First, this movie has good intentions, especially if you are a Christian like me. This film tries to show that you have to put your faith in God and that it will make your life better. Not so bad, right? Eh. It seems to be a problem - a big one. This movie was made by a church, so of course every single problem should be treated as tastefully as possible to Christians. It's all black and white, no gray areas. God's grace and will in this movie is a predictable thing, and it immediately comes to everyone who does his offer. <br /> <br /> It's not the God I know. This is not the Christian life I am familiar with. The God to whom I believe is a powerful and trustworthy God, but He is not one who gives me every wish. I follow Him as well as I can, although the passage is often difficult; But the football team in this movie finds their humility and self-control much easier than anyone who will ever find it. I can't relate to cardboard cuttings that flip in the course of some structured movies from bad to good. And if I follow his commandments as set out in the Bible, I certainly do not find myself scattered in the blessing as these characters do. The biggest of my immediate rewards is knowing I did the right thing; All the others come with a long, messy, difficult job. <br /> <br /> But take the example of this movie: Grant Taylor coach the soccer team at Shiloh Christian School, who lost six consecutive seasons. He can lose his job, and he and his wife are lower on money as it is. They want a baby, but the doctor tells him he is sterile. Oh, and his car doesn't work. And the boys on his soccer team are disrespectful to their parents, they are shiny after their million losses and bad at kickfield goals. This is probably one congregation here. <br /> <br /> But wait, Grant Taylor decides he'll trust God for everything! And he goes to his team for his faith. So far so good. Not for long. As they begin to obey, they literally bless them. Suddenly, the students stop discouraging their parents; the school has a great "revival"; the team wins every game; they even win the big championship against the toughest team in the league! Coach Taylor's work is reassured; the school gets him a shiny new truck as a gift (which is incidentally the hallmark of level, fair employers); he gets an increase; his wife (get it) even gets pregnant from his sterile sperm! And that skinny kid succeeds in kicking his first darn goal, right when it really matters !! Wowzers, woot, yay, praise the Lord, et cetera, and so on !!! ... <br /> <br /> Yipe. Not YIPE. No one in my church experienced Christ in such a thin and dry way. Yes, there were miracles in my family, as well as gifts and essentials, and I attribute them to God's grace and love. But God is not a tap that you turn on by being good or bad! He is largely a mystery; His gifts come unexpectedly, often when you think you don't need it, but you really work. It is a long, hard victim on the road to fulfillment, and things never become the way you thought they would. <br /> <br /> This movie has good intentions. But because of its highest level of flatness and total escape, it's a great 1/10. The bad plays and sports movie clips just seem to be pimples next to the leprosy which accidentally pushes this movie. <br /> <br /> For all your future churches planning to make a movie, don't be afraid to show. life, even you have to add some uncomfortable truths. However, the base population is furious with this cotton candy treatment, no one has learned anything from it. Give us the meat, the bones, the right things! True life applies to everyone, not just Christians, and that is one aspect facing the Giants, not being able to understand.
