Scarecrows are one of the films that, with a little more acting, a little more direction, and a lot more story-logic, would be quite compelling than an abomination. As it stands, it is still a creepy film with solid makeup and gore effects, and a premise that preserves the feel of terror, in spite of itself. And hey, there are no teenagers killed one by one - just stupid adults, so this is a refreshing change of pace. And the plot line is incredibly similar to Dead Birds, with a precipitous robbery, a deserted haunted house in the middle of nowhere, and demonic monsters. But like Dead Birds, the adults are still unrelenting, running around without slaughtering one by one, and they ignore the obvious danger. <br /> <br /> However, at Scarecrows we never find the supernatural why, and it maintains the atmosphere of creepiness. And like clowns, scarecrows can be very creepy; unless of course they look like Ray Bolger. In a hijacked airplane with the pilot and his daughter escaping, following a robbery with millions of rands, a para-military cluster is double crossed by one of their own; a very nervous man named Burt. He jumps out of the plane with the big and heavy box that holds the money, with no plans to move it around once he's on the ground. To be the dumbest of the bunch, he is first killed. But not before he was at the Fowler residence, he sat amidst many fiery scarecrows surrounded by a wooden fence surrounded by barbed wire and many warnings to stay away. And the strange pastures on the roof, with the fork and pterodactile, also had to be a warning sign. The inside of the house is also in the audience, at least in the audience. <br /> <br /> Annoying, we have to listen to Burt's thoughts in voice over as he walks around and mysteriously comes over to the truck in the backyard. The way the key appears will be enough to have my pants - with me in them - protruding the door. Maybe it's just me, but I really enjoy people's lips moving on the screen, even when they just think out loud. It helps to strengthen the action and gives the actor more to do than to look like the voice-over. Burt lifts the box onto the truck and breaks off. Why not? fake trucks always have a lot of gas in them, especially with today's prices, and the battery? no problem. Now I mentioned that Burt was the dumbest of the bunch, and here's why (above and beyond of course). Wear nightglasses to walk through the leaves and find the house, take them off to drive the truck, and instead turn on the headlights to see where he is going. Of course, the villains who are still in the plane, lift the truck's headlights and know where it is going. Brilliant. He deserves to die. Definitely. I'm not sure why he needs first-hand goggles, because every scene is brightly lit, from inside the plane, to the outside of the night, and to the house. The kinographer was either. myopic, b. just outside the school, or c. Handling really cheap movies. <br /> <br /> Burt meets his downfall if the truck dies in the middle of nowhere. Go figure. One very nice touch, and there, I have to admit, a few in the movie, is that when he opens the lid of the truck there is no engine. Creepy, to be sure (and add pants here again). The story logic fails when death, now-filled-like-a-flounder-with-money-and-straw-Burt returns to home. The rest of the bunch was there, stirred him up and then realized that he was indeed dead, and was stopped and filled like a butter with money and straw. Dead Burt, however, manages to make a fight and grabs one man by the mouth and pushes him through a window, causing him to bite more than he could chew in a greedy scene. At this stage, you would think they would be out of the house and back to the plane - but no, they decided to stay and look for the rest of the money. In fact, the whole Burt's dead episode is actually being treated, although one bright bulb fights in the bunch, "Burt died for chrissakes!" <br /> <br /> The stolen money suddenly appears on the site outside the house, and the crooks go off fast for the bait. Soon, one of them, Jack, was sent, and again the scene was done well and horribly, with a dull handaw and no anethesia. Now there are three scarecrows affecting the fatigue and one of them needs a hand literally. <br /> <br /> When one of the crooks sees the scarecrow and Jack gets discolored, he starts screaming, running like hell and shooting his gun in a typical para-military fashion. So much for anyone looking for pressure training. He met the others and stopped in his tracks to explain why he was screaming, running away like hell, and shooting his gun, even though the scarecrow seemed to chase him. Again, that scriptural thing ... Death and crazy, Jack returns to the house and goes to the screamer with the usual results. If you listen to Jack's devil growth, you can by the way, depending on your age, see that it is the same monster-growing sound often heard in the Lost In Space TV episodes. <br /> <br /> The last two survivors race away from home and back to the plane, barely escaping. But do they? You'll have to watch the movie to find out.
