Cunning fluff, comparing his mistake by trying to give meaning. Joan, this time as a congresswoman, Agatha Reed, chairman of a committee dedicated to "the high cost of food exploration." Says Congresswoman Reed, "The housewife got it too long in the neck. I'm going to fight long enough so that the American family can take vacation once a year, see a movie every week and carry a peanut for an elephant. " She's all busy, but is getting horrible when she receives an Honorary Degree from Good Hope College, where she's been facing the crime of staying out all night. The parallel with Joan's real life here is unmistakable, as it is in all Joan. Films). The degree causes a lot of apprehension on campus ("This will make it the most broad institution in the history of education!")? but Joan knows this unaware as she arrives. The college president, Jim Merrill, played by Robert Young at its best, is Joan's former teacher? and lover. It was with him that she went out the night, all the years ago, but Joan felt it was better to just disappear rather than explain to the skeptical college that they were going to get married. Of course, this high profile event will be covered by * Life * magazine ?? and who seems to be the photographer? Another of Joan's old friends? This one she "hung in China" during the war, and he thinks Joan may be in trouble with her old flame. Eve Arden, playing Joan's assistant, "Woodie," is with her chicks and most clever-alecky in this movie ?? With her flipping and unnecessary remarks that would have rejected you, she would dismiss her from her job if you didn't have her so much. But you don't just love Eva here, as in all her roles, you love her. She is so droll and no-nonsense, you just want to pay her to hang out and be one of the boys. When Joan cries about arriving at her alma mater, Eva tells her it's "fiery." But Joan says others might just see a collection of buildings, she, Joan, see the app? herself at 18 "eagerly, expectantly, a little scared, asking:" What is life? What am i? "But of course, if we're actually going into Joan in 18, the truth may be a little different. <br /> <br /> Watching any Joan movie is the big problem. You can call her characters what you want, but it's always Joan, all the time. So since we always see Joan is herself, it's easy to decipher with character's names. It's just that it gets confusing if Joan tries to make us unclear, like her description of herself at 18? knowing that he was 18, Joan had been around the block several times. Many men would have described her so eagerly, and as far as they had expected, she had had several abortions at this stage. But this is a personal problem, and I deviate, but I just wanted to explain why I like things like "and then Joan?" it or that, or, "We see Joan as ..." when we don't literally look at a home movie. <br /> <br /> There is an unintended hilarious moment in which Joan gets the Clara Bow doll she has left. back in college ?? Quick arithmetic tells us that Joan and Clara were contemporaries and it is a transparent ploy to make us believe. Joan is much younger than she actually looks. It failed. What also fails is an attempt at early 50s political correctness. In the story Joan wrote a free speech book and made a film (no, not one about the plumber) and she drew the attention of an early 50-year-old campus radical, dr. Pitt, who is about to be fired for his views, is shockingly similar to Joan's. This is where the film is mysteriously recovered from a morality, a weak one, to be sure, but perhaps it's the only thing that prevents it from slipping into oblivion.
