This movie was so bad, I don't know if I should laugh or cry. I had a great hope of Horrorfest that year, and it was also the first year I attended Horrorfest, and I have to say Horrorfest and all its films are advertising fake on a whole new level. Suitable for the advertisers because I am sure they have deceived many people into spending money and seeing those movies that year. The Hamiltons were easily the worst one I saw (the others I saw were unrest, dark ride and reincarnation). The film cover and trailer made it seem like a family of cannibals that make the environment terror I thought was a pretty interesting plot. Just to be disappointed, it discovered that it was an age story about a boy's transition to a vampire. Therefore, drama dominates any sense of horror in this movie. And to make the plot even more ridiculous, they add to a set of horny twins who can't wait to take a 'bite' apart, and a deadly creature includes the basement, which if I discover what "If the secret was not known at the end of the film, I would have left the theater halfway through the movie. <br /> <br /> Waste of money and time. Cut forty minutes out of this movie and make it into an episode in a few ways like Smallville or Charmed or Supernatural and it would have received more praise than this. Absolute garbage! It's so bad I have to return to IMDb two years later and write a review about it, as it is still in my memory as one of the worst movies I've ever seen. As you read it, you should also make the rest of the Horrorfest movies clear in the future. The most you can do is rent them from Blockbusters or look anywhere online. Horrorfest features movies from independent filmmakers who can't make it on the big screen, and all the crap about things they don't show in theaters, they didn't refer to blood or intestines. referred to the movies themselves. Because they are terrible. Think of Horrorfest as a lesser-known version of the Sundance Film Festival, but for horror movies. <br /> <br /> Sorry for all the 'hate', but next time think twice before cheating customers out of their money.
