The Hamiltons tell the story of the four Hamilton brothers and sisters, teenage Francis (Cory Knauf), twin Wendell (Joseph McKelheer) and Darlene (Mackenzie Firgens) and the eldest David (Samuel) now in charge of the surrogate parent. The Hamilton's house is moving a lot, Franics is unsure why and is unhappy with the way things are. The fact that his brother's sister was abducted, freed and murdered in the basement does not help to relax or calm Francis's nerves. Francis knows something is just not right and when he finally finds out the truth, things will never be the same again. <br /> <br /> Written, compiled and directed by Mitchell Altieri & Phil Flores as The Butcher Brothers (the only other film director's credit so far, the April Fool's Day (2008) remake, said enough) was one of those 'Movies to The For' at the 2006 After Dark Horrorfest (or whatever it is called) keeps almost everyone else I saw, thinking that The Hamilton's was complete and total crap. I found the character very poor and very unlikely. The slow moving story has not caught my imagination or my interest over the 85 and a half minutes is too long. There is the terrible turn at the end that makes me laugh aloud. There is this very large sustained build-up that is in a cupboard thing in the Hamiltons basement. It is finally revealed to be a little boy with a teddy. Is it really supposed to scare us? Is it really supposed to shock us? Is this really something we need to talk about as the end credits roll? Is a harmless boy the best 'turn' that ends the creators could come up? The boring plot runs alongside it, it is never made clear where the Hamiltons get all their money to buy new homes, as none of them work (except David in a butchery and I doubt it a lot) or why they didn't catch is not before. The script tries to mix drama with strong terror every day, and it just makes a terrible job of combining the two to the extent that no aspect is memorable or effective. A very bad movie I struggle to say something good. <br /> <br /> Despite being written and directed by the extremely sounding Butcher Brothers, there is no gore here, there is a little bloodshed and a few scenes girls chained into a cellar But nothing you couldn't do at home with a bottle of tomato ketchup and a camcorder. The film is not anything and since it has a very middle-class suburban environment, there is no atmosphere or atmosphere. There is a lesbian and a turbulent kiss, but The Hamiltons is low on the exploitation scale and there is not much for the abominable. <br /> <br /> Filmed in Petaluma, California, it has that modern low budget look, it's not bad but rather forgotten. The action by an unknown (to me) cast is nothing to write home and I can't say I ever felt anything for anyone. <br /> <br /> The Hamiltons commit the cardinal sin of being boring and boring of what it never restores. Add to that an ultra-thin story, no gore, a mess that ends and character that you don't give a toss over and you have a movie that didn't impress me at all.
