Think of this pilot as "Hawaii Five-O Lite". It's in Hawaii, it's an action / adventure crime drama, many scenes offer boats and palm trees and polyester fabrics and garish shirts. It's even the character factor "Zulu" that plays a supporting role. Oh, there are a few minor differences. Roy Thinnes is supposed to be a leading underground agent, and the supporting role is much smaller (and less interesting), but basically the atmosphere is still the same. Problem is, "Hawaii Five-O" (another QM product) already exists and has been running for years. This has filled the market demand for Hawaii-based crime dramas properly enough. Code Name: Diamond Head is probably the one here after H50, as the older series eventually got lost ... but it comes across as an unnecessary 2nd rate. It does not suck, but it is completely derivative and does nothing, as well as the original. <br /> <br /> There are some decent acting talent involved here. Dunne is an old pro, and he gives the roll his best shot, and he's not bad. But Thinnes is just as good as his material and his director. Ian McShane is here as an evil spy master called 'Tree', and McShane tends to be the most interesting actor in any scene he appears. But he calls his part in it. Frances Ngyuen is pretty exotic looking, but her astonishing skinniness, opaque features, thick accent and woodwork are not the things that make dreams come true. The confidence in her to deliver the 'romantic interest' to Thinnes was probably the biggest mistake in the series. At least for a series directed at white audiences, Marsha Brady and Peggy Lee raised our love goddess. Give her another 30 pounds and a year with a dialogue / voice coach, and she might cut it. Zulu is, though, its usual self-entertaining in little parts, but it is not a person who can carry a characteristic himself. <br /> <br /> In addition, the plot and dialogue are strictly at the numbers without distinguishing them from any other Quinn Martin production. And at this point, the American TV audience has seen a large number of QM productions. I think "CN: DH" was too much, and it sank without a trace. It was not the fault of the actors, and I hope they walked away with a decent salary and another entry on their C.V. <br /> <br /> MST3000 revives it for their treatment in their sixth season, and they had great natural fun with it. It is worth looking for in that version if you enjoy the MST approach to filmjapery and lampoon, but I can't imagine anyone caring for this pilot for any other reason.
