Like others mentioned, this movie is similar to THE FLY (both versions) and the lesser-known sci-fi flick ALTERED STATES. The big difference is that the two films were made good by people who knew what they were doing and were good. METAMORFOS didn't have these benefits. METAMORFOSIS is a potentially interesting science fantasy story that had the wrong people in control and the wrong actors playing the roles. <br /> <br /> The story follows scientist Dr Peter Houseman (Gene LeBrock), an obsession on genetic healing after aging and death. When the university is working to threaten funding, he decides to inject the anti-aging serum into himself. As a result, dr. Houseman slowly spends the rest of the movie in a lizard. And oh yes, see how the good doctor goes through the process of becoming that lizard is a great joy. It's really so bad that it's good. Some of the lines are classic: "What was it?" "A nightmare ... of the past!" Many of the reviews I've read show how stupid and ridiculous the last five minutes of this movie is. I'm just going to go ahead and spoil it. The good doctor is going to be a shocking half-man, half-hitch thing to be what appears to be a man in a rejected Godzilla costume, when police finally fired him. In the final scene, a little treacherous child is seen with a small pet lizard which he claims he will never die, and the film's heroine, Sally Donnelly (Catherine Baranov), definitely decides that the little lizard is the last incarnation of Dr. Houseman is. The camera then gives us a close-up of the lizard's face; That is, I accept, the director's way of showing us that the lizard is evil. Yes, it's goofy, but I laughed over so I couldn't complain. <br /> <br /> I watched this movie because it was part of the Chilling Classics 50 Movie Megapack I bought. I'm sure many of those who read it did exactly the same, because the 50 pack is the only way to watch this movie on DVD. If you've recently bought the box set and haven't watched this movie yet, it's really worth your time, even though I've ruined it for you. It can also be possible to find this movie online for free.
