"Metamorphosis" holds a little cult value, simply because it is written and directed by George Eastman. These Italian blocks are more or less the embodiment of male sleaze and died almost every sleek Joe D'Amato production in the early 70s / early 80s. Wouldn't it be interesting for zealous buyers of the Euro-cult to possess the only film directed by the man who's been walking around in the "Erotic Nights of the Living Death" all the time? I thought so! Now, unlike the movies in which he played, Eastman's own "Metamorphosis" type is disappointing in the gore & crazy departments. There are a handful of nasty murders, cheesy monster effects and naked female bodies (a guest appearance by sleaze queen Laura Gemser!), But it's mostly a conversation movie. The attractive and eloquent dr. Houseman is on the verge of a scientific breakthrough with his research on human DNA codes when the university suddenly threatens to cancel its funds. He has developed a theory to decipher genes and block the human aging process, but if he doesn't report detailed reports soon, his investigation will be discontinued. So do dr. Houseman who would do any intelligent scientist and inject the unfiltered serum into his own veins. Needless to say (and as the title implies), he is slowly becoming a murderous monster that matures much faster! In other words, his research sucked! Like the other reviewers already mentioned, does this movie download a lot of ideas from David Cronenberg's "The Fly"? included the dramatic romance subplit - but does not add originality by itself. The big difference is that you are constantly related to Jeff Goldblum's character in "The Fly" while dr. Houseman just becomes another monster that needs to be destroyed as soon as possible. The aspect of a rapid aging syndrome also reminded me of Ruggero Deodato's unfortunate giraffe "Phantom of Death". Only the leading role in the film inherited the disease and did not apply it to itself. However, the physical deterioration of the carriers is very similar in both films. Little scarce or excitement to discover here, but the movie has very bad acting, poor lighting, loose editing and a completely delayed climax to start. Feel free to hit this one.
