If you have a bad day or bad week. If you're looking for a movie that makes you laugh and forget your problems. I don't think role models are that movie for you. <br /> <br /> The movie centers around Danny (Paul Rudd) and Wheeler (Seann William Scott). Two juice promoters, who go to schools that promote the product, tell children to stay drugs, and more juice. But Danny had the worst week ever and dropped his company's car, with Wheeler seated next to him. She is former ex-girlfriend, Beth (Elizabeth Banks), who is a lawyer, to prevent them from getting jail, by doing community service hours, volunteering at a big brother named Sturdy Wings led by Gayle (Jane Lynch) . Wheeler is awarded to Ronnie (Bobb'e J Thompson) who is 10 years old and has a dirty mouth like him, Chris Rock. Danny is assigned to Augie (McLovins, Christopher Mintz-Plasse) who likes to dress like a knight and fight as if he were in the Middle Ages. But will it be good for Danny and Wheeler, or will they be better off in jail? <br /> <br /> Well, I'm not going to knock around. This movie was very unpleasant in many ways. On behalf of the Ronnie character, hearing the bad words of a young child, was very shocking. If he was a little older, it wouldn't have been that much. I mean what his parents think when they sign him. Elizabeth Bank's character is so unwavering, maybe I'm supposed to feel bad for her character, but I didn't feel anything, because she was annoyingly predictably portrayed as a woman who would be playing in such comedies. And Jane Lynch, who's the worst of the worst. She's delivering the most outrageous performance ever. Play a former drug addict, acting like she's still on drugs. Listen to her, give all that annoying dialogue, let me throw my head against the wall. Seann William Scott is playing another Stifler character, but he must really try to separate himself, and this movie won't do it. And the more Scott is trying to be hard to be funny is what he likes to be funny about. <br /> <br /> Now Paul Rudd, on the other hand, I'm going to divorce the others in the movie because he manages to deliver a solid performance, though he doesn't laugh any more, but he is the most interesting character of the rest. Because Rudd is not overworking, and not trying so hard. The screens with him and Mintz-Plassen are viewable. But the rest of the movie is so stupid, it sometimes picks up. But it becomes so predictable and uninteresting. It is a reminder that these kinds of comedies try nothing new, they are not chances. Role models are an example of this.
