(Only minor spoilers except as indicated). <br /> <br /> I recently enjoyed many Spanish theaters. both the real Spanish cinema of people like Almodovar, and the Latin American film by directors such as del Toro, whose wonderful "Devil's Squad" in the Civil War Spain was the best horror movie of the past decade. So, it is no surprise that this movie is well done, well behaved and manages to maintain that distinctively different Spanish atmosphere. But it is also so nasty and inexorable a movie as you can hope not to see. <br /> <br /> What is the purpose of everything? We have no real idea that caused the creepy central character to begin its deadly wrath, despite the fact that large numbers of narrative voices are drawn directly from its own narcissistic magazine. In a routine unpleasant opening round that was set more than a decade earlier, we see the central character killing his girlfriend in a rage of jealousy and control fears ("if I can't have you, no one can."). Oddly enough, this may be one of the best rows in the film, but it has no discernible relationship with its subsequent killer, which looks completely different in both motivation and performance. What happened to him in prison to cause this change? We have no idea, although we later discover as an absurd kind of memory that he obtained a law degree while he was imprisoned. <br /> <br /> In Britain, in several of our notorious "serial killer" or "sex killer" cases, the terrible question arises; What about the woman? Did she know or suspect what's going on? This is a question that this film could have asked, and indeed the woman is emerging as one of the more intriguing characters. But the answer to the question is obvious: "No, she didn't do it". Even when a dramatic event like this is presented on a board, the film still manages to do so. All we actually get is finally pulled out, her slightly amorous willingness to pay cash on the proceeds of the event. Compare it to the terrible revelation moment in Ten Rillington Place, where Christie's wife says "you know what I mean?". through which we devour her own destiny and allow us a terrible look at unimaginable complaints of repressed knowledge and horror. <br /> <br /> (Great spoiler in this paragraph). Meanwhile, we are supposed to believe that the murderer himself is a criminal masterbrain who completely violates the police and thus insures the shortest seizure in a mental hospital before he is released so he can kill again. How exactly did he achieve this? The plot at this point becomes extremely cumbersome; something to do with the deliberate departure of certain clues for the police; but how it all works or why, or how the subsequent court case actually persists, remains a mystery. <br /> <br /> Actually, I don't think serial killers are like that. The silence of the lambs can be comic books, but ?? Reader aside? it gets its series killers right. They are deeply disturbed, deeply dysfunctional, deeply inadequate people; not the spectacular charm mastery presented here (closely related to the equally indisputable suave killer of The Last Horror Movie, or even even Man Bites Dog, although it appears to be not a satire). <br /> <br /> This movie has little tension, and bungles which small plot would have generated the plot. It has nothing to say about the motivation of serial killers, in general or in the specific cultural environment of Spain. It is nothing but a bad appearance to show some beautiful misogynistic violence to women. And strangely, making violence even more repulsive is a certain lack of nerve even in how it is presented. The soft core character of what is actually shown just makes it more repellently titillatory. Just one explicit shot, proper timing, would have been infinitely more shocking, and would have made the rest completely unnecessary, freeing more movie time to splash out the gaping holes in plot and characterization. Instead, we only get endless shots of young women scattered vulnerable to a table, in their pretty but slightly revealing underwear. Very, very creepy. I'm sorry to be rude; I love horror movies, and can even tolerate the most extreme, to the extent of worrying my partner. But I think anyone who finds this movie good or interesting will even get me away. The purpose of a horror movie is to scare you; It's just capricious. <br /> <br /> It does indeed leave a very bad taste in the mouth. I have to give this movie more than one star just because it is skillfully executed, but morally it does not deserve it and should never be made.
