Disappearance is in the Mojave desert such as Jim (Harry Hamlin) and Patty Henley (Susan Dey) plus their two children Katie (Basia A'Hern) & Matt (Jeremey Lelliott) with Ethan (Jamie Croft), a friend of the family. traveling, stopping at a paddling, asking about an old deserted mining area on the map, called Weaver. No one claims to have heard it, but it's definitely there and the family decides to take a detour to check it out and take pictures. Once they are in town, they take pictures and look around, but if it is time to leave, they will not start and they will spend the night there. As they look around, they find a videotape that they play to discover only a scarecrow's footage. All her friends disappeared the next morning and their car disappeared because things are very sinister. What is Weaver's secret? Will Henley ever stay alive ... <br /> <br /> Writing, co-executive selected and directed by Walter Klenhard I must say Verdwyning is one of the most frustrating movies I've ever watched. For the first 85 minutes, it was a very good mysterious mix of thriller & horror movie, but then we are treated to one of the worst worst ever in film history. The script represents many different things, but never works out or confirms. I really kept that in mind, of the families that mysteriously disappeared, the four recent tombs, the thing in the deserted mines, the supernatural sandstorm, the sudden and inexplicable disappearance of Ethan and his equally inexplicable appearance, the Sheriff Its sinister motifs, the compass in the crazy car, the plane plane, the townspeople who refuse Weaver, and the possible side effects of a neutron bomb dropped in the 40s near Weaver. but they were all thrown out of the window and for everything we know it could be completely separate random events. Everything was beautiful together and was set up for a big turnaround, but nobody was forthcoming. Instead, I was treated to the most ambiguous, strange, surreal and straightforward frustrating ending. If nothing else contradicts much of what has gone before, the viewer leaves more questions than answers. It's almost as if the creators had these wonderful ideas, but then they didn't know what to do with them and they just came up. I just felt that I had made so much effort to watch the movie that could be reasonably slow at times, without any kind of reward. In fact, the end feels more like a kick in the teeth or a good two finger salute! <br /> <br /> Director Klenhard does a reasonable job here, the old ghost town has a certain atmosphere and the vast expansive desert locations give a good sense of isolation. It's made good, but what do they think? Nothing at all, nothing makes sense and it's just a big frustrating mess that gets you past half an hour and half past and wants to know more. Despite a horror movie there is no blood or gore, although there are one or two creepy moments here and there. The movie is actually reminiscent of The Hills Have Eyes (2006) for big parts as it is the movie to be in front of a bizarre end, which does nothing to bring any closure to the movie. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is good with high production values, good special effects, sets, places and filmmaking. Films in America but filmed in South Australia. The play is nice of a decent cast. <br /> <br /> Disappearance is a very strange movie, for a long time it has been a neat little horror mystery thriller, but it never explains anything that happens and the really surreal ending just throws more questions as answers. I really don't see anyone making their head or tail, I really can't.
