This production never really got me off the ground. The plot is so cut off that it doesn't coincide and the production is so short that if you haven't read the novel or seen a better adaptation (like the 1995 one with Amanda Root), the plot will be a bit lost. go as there is no time for character development. <br /> <br /> I loved Sally Hawkins as Anne, but the rest of the movie was pretty short of what they should have been. Mrs. Croft was too old, like Anne's oldest sister Elizabeth. Mary expressed everything in such throbbing accents that the general greed and selfishness of her character was lost. Much better was Sophie Thompson's Maria, whose egoism and bad sense of being so well established that by the time Wentworth states that Anne is staying with the injured Louisa and Mary objects she's to be Louisa's son-in-law "Don't suggest someone less suited to doing it. In this version she can just as well stay because she does not adequately distinguish anyone from the production. <br /> <br /> Rupert Penry-Jones is nice to watch, but he has a much better st. John Rivers made (1995 Jane Eyre), probably because the character required less implied depth of feeling. I agree with the comments made earlier on the gig scene: looks more like trying to get rid of Anne if she's a favor. Just like the scene of the accident: it happens so fast and with so little context you wonder what all the fuss is about. And the move of the speech that Wentworth hears in the novel at the beginning of this production is a critical mistake that only contributes to the intact character of the writing. <br /> <br /> My other issue with this version was the lighting. Sometimes everything looks like a scene from the CSI mortuary - very much blue. Other times, the lighting was so bad that it was difficult to make the scene very good, as when Anne visited her old school friend. Smith (incidentally more or less paralyzed. To Anne on the street telling her about Elliot's horrible character, was such a violation that I couldn't think for a moment who she was - I thought She was one of the Musgrove girls, and she might as well have been, all the girls were pretty interchangeable. And the running scene at the end ... in an era where negligence was at a premium, it's hard to imagine that soft Anne, who tears like dementia, tears. How stupid can you get? It's too bad. Sally Hawkins had all the deeds of a good Anne Elliot, but she was completely disturbed by a poorly organized script and oversupply.
