I didn't really want to see this one. It was an old Raj Kanwar movie that stole me before I started watching it, because I don't consider it as close to being mediocre as a movie maker. The only reason I took this one, of course, is the Shahrukh Khan look in the movie. I didn't even know what the movie was about because I was sure it would just be an ordinary fairy tale. So I just suggested a love story between Shahrukh Khan and Divya Bharti with a significant supportive role by Rishi Kapoor, who I thought would play her father or uncle. And to my complete shock, Rishi Kapoor is actually the hero! He is the one who romances young Divya! I was sad to find out that Shahrukh had a small portion of nothing, and also in the second part of this idiotic movie. Just let me repeat the question: why would a 17-year-old beautiful Divya fall for a 40-year-old, long-haired, swollen pig like Rishi Kapoor? Rishi Kapoor should be ashamed to take this part; The only thing he did was mock him. He arranged a girl who could be younger younger than his own daughter and make things worse - like a teenager at his forties. In addition, to make it more pathetic, he plays a pop star ... <br /> <br /> To make things clear, I have no problem with actors who are much younger than themselves. As long as they make a convincing couple, there should be no problem. In fact, the leading actors have always been cast against the young girls (Amitabh Bachchan-Sridevi, Mithun Chakraborty-Madhuri Dixit, Shahrukh Khan-Deepika, Salman Khan-Sneha Ullal). I also have nothing against Rishi Kapoor, I think he is a good actor, and his action in Bobby is still well engraved in my heart, but it's not that he is watching this movie, like Shahrukh Khan, Salman Khan or Aamir Khan is watching today. <br /> <br /> It was such a disappointment. Oh, and because everyone actually watched this movie, Shahrukh Khan made a good debut. He has become extremely excellant that his part has allowed him to do. The late Divya Bharti also made a promising debut. If you want to watch this movie, just go for the second half. Personally, I wouldn't.
