I'm not one of those people who will run from a movie based on source material and automatically say, "The book was better." I know better than demotivating the value of a movie just because it wasn't a true fit. There is a long process and many decisions that will be made when making a movie that is sometimes controlled by the director / editor / cinematographer / producer and definitely beyond the original author's control. Therefore, it is unreasonable to expect a movie to be exactly the same, word for word, as a book or play or video game or Disneyland Ride, or whatever! A movie should be judged on its own standard and how it fits into society. In addition, a successful film must be made because the material is relevant to the society to which it belongs, and if based on source material, its relevance must be re-examined and enhanced by the filmmakers. <br /> <br /> Movies like There will be Blood, follow this paradigm, because while based on a novel written at the end of the century, Oil !, it feels relevant because of things like the war in Iraq and energy the film's country of origin, the US, was and experienced. Even King Kong, based on the original movie, benefits from the use of new technology and animal rights concerns that people have. <br /> <br /> Having said that, I just don't understand why they even bothered to make this movie. ? In addition to the big performances, guaranteed Oscar nods and Shanley's director / writer fees and royalties he'll get, this movie doesn't look anywhere. It simply had to remain as a play. The film (which is actually the same as the play) says nothing new about the reprehensible sexual atrocities that have been committed and in many cases covered by the Catholic Church in and overseas. It says nothing new or different from the original drama. I can't help comparing this movie to another movie that came out about the same time: Frost / Nixon, which was also based on a play. Frost / Nixon, as it looks about Nixon's regret, is relevant because it seems to have come at a time when President Bush is about to leave his office. The regret that Nixon, as depicted in the play / film, had about the war, and could reflect his presidency on Bush and his presidency as quickly. Frost / Nixon was more relevant in this respect and actually benefited from a wider distribution through the movie because it was talking about people at that time and reflecting on the political status quo in the country. At the same time, Doubt felt that it was yesterday's news and had nothing to do with the play. <br /> <br /> Of course, the movie is good, the performances are excellent and the screenplay adjustment is appropriate, but what? Why is it not just a play? Why, apart from marketing and financial reasons, does it make a movie? It gave audiences nothing new to talk about the terrible subject.
