The Oscar season has come. That means a great deal of these deep, engaging, ensemble ensemble movies are all in the movie theaters hoping to get an audience and have the opportunity to earn the best photo in the big show. Among them, this film is based on a very popular and well-priced play. The original playwright was actually the author and director of the film adaptation; who comes as a two-edged sword. On the one hand, who better to translate the play than the original author? On the other hand, who better not to see and repair the mistakes and disadvantages of the play than the original writer himself? Doubt speaks of excellent acting and lots of tension and tension; with a frustrating end, unnecessary dialogue, dubious direction and, of course, the inability to provide material answers. It is a growing trend among these "high caliber" movies not to answer all the questions it offers. It must stop. <br /> <br /> Doubt is like a joke without his punch line, like a book with The Last 20 pages missing, such as losing the reception while viewing the fourth quarter of a particular football game, and as if they don't have the 50 cents, they have to continue playing the arcade game and see what happens next. Doubt, like the previous Best Picture frustrationfest No country for old men, does not really end; it does not give us great answers and does not provide enough for us to determine the end. Yes, that was the intention, but it's not a test of humanity, it's a cop-out. I do not pay money to see an unfinished work, I pay money to see a start, middle and end and pray that I do not fall asleep during the three acts. We are forced to become the authors of the film by filling in on what has happened before and what will happen to the characters we have seen on each other. <br /> <br /> This little drama is about a nun (Meryl Streep) that seems very sure that the beloved priest (Philip Seymour Hoffman) makes sexual progress towards a child going to church; the first African American boy in the Catholic Church. The church has been secretly torn to determine whether he has committed completely bad sins behind everyone's back. The plot thickens when some of the children start acting differently, attracting the notice of a young teacher (Amy Adams). The story is rectified after the murder of John F. Kennedy, who has been shaking the people for some time and questioning their faith in humanity and in one another. <br /> <br /> The strengths of the doubt come in the acting ensemble and also the exciting tension that slowly builds and never boils. Streak appears to be Oscar-worthy in every role she is involved in, and here she is no different, as her stubbornness and cold behavior is a blanket of fear in all students and some of the church staff. Hoffman is once again as the priest outstanding by successfully capturing the suspicion of a beautiful personality and a friendly aura. The seemingly hypocritical personality is difficult to subtract, especially when we equate him and think about him at the same time. but Hoffman walks on the board against one of the best actresses of our generation and delivers fantastic. When these two argue, you can hear the fireworks fly without ever seeing one being launched. But do not forget Amy Adams (Enchanted) and Viola Davis (Law ad Order) for their beautiful work. Doubtless's decisive ensemble is one of the best in 2008. <br /> <br /> Yet, as said before, it is the writing and directing that destroys this role, especially if it declines in the third hand. Questions appear but they are not answered. Characters appear but do not really improve the plot. Children behave differently, but we never really find out why. There are awkward corners in the camera work? And there's no real reason why. John Patrick Shanley, the author of the play, had one previous film in his directing repertoire: Joe Versus the Volcano. Whether arrogance or stupidity, we are stuck with excess lines of random conversations, total annoying conversations that come to an end. (There was a two minute discussion on coffee and how much sugar the priest wanted) thanks to Mr. Shanley. /> Bottom Line: The lack of an end is a stupid trend that is just as annoying as the attachment of the camera to work movies. It doesn't matter that we have a great talented play or decent cinematography, or a good story, or good use of sound and music; because we have a barrage of unanswered questions about a movie that spans over 100 minutes, not even finished! The translation of game to movie is good and fairly accurate, because we have the original ore behind the project, but he also took the bugs and silly gates from the play to the movie. This decade saw her part of blockbusters and high-profile movies that could have been a much higher score for me if they just decided to add a few minutes of footage and actually ended: Sideways, Cast Away, No Country For Old Men, Burn After Reading are a few examples. <br /> <br /> Newsflash: End your stinkin movie. Please provide or at least a good number of clues for us to easily fill in the empty field (such as Wall-E's depressive backlogs), rather than staring into space, as the credits suddenly start rolling and you a sense of emptiness, confusion, and mental anxiety. Have a start, middle, and end please! As a critic, I prefer my films to be completely incomplete. Doubt feels incomplete, so it gets an incompetent degree. <br /> <br /> Someone should ignore this stupid trend.
