Intergalactic criminal Kol (Ross Hagen) has been sentenced to death and awaits execution on a spacecraft designed for such a purpose. But tonight there will be a jail sentence, and Kol flees on a conveniently placed flight leg and flies to Earth (apparently close). There he confronts a group of "teens" (thirty looks) and a game guard (John Phillip Law) who protects him from his worst nightmare ... the bounty hunter and executioner android (or more properly "gynoid") alienator. <br /> <br /> From the box cover I was confident it would be a horrible movie. But, as horrible as it turned out, it was also a lot of fun (probably at least partly because I was watching it with someone who was brilliant). The director (Fred Olen Ray), who specializes in making more than one hundred low-grade films (especially Hollywood saw-bags), does what he does best and puts together a plot that makes only half sense and gives us' rudimentary special effects. Bonus: P.J. Soles appears (as "Tara"), of course at a low point in her career. <br /> <br /> Sure, there are plot holes. Why are there Hillbilly Rednecks in California (allegedly Los Angeles County if I understood correctly the governor). How about the spa woman's tough blouse? Why is there a subplot about the captain trying to win her heart if this story doesn't go anywhere? What is the quadrant "Quadrant 5"? How does chicken wire create an electromagnetic field that shorts an orroid, but landmines do almost nothing? Why Does Kol Look Like A Drunk, Native American Footballer With Emphysema? And the Lund man (Robert Clarke) ... has his character even a point? Does the game he plays with the captain have a point? Does this movie have a point? But the biggest secret is the android (or gynoid) alienator, played by Teagan Clive. What is a "alienator"? Why does it look like Daryl Hannah of "Blade Runner", much bigger? Because look, if something is a cyborg, it's a human part. But if it's an Android, it's all machine. It was an Android, so there was no reason to make it look like this. It could look like anything. Yet the person who designed her made her the size of a linebacker, with David Bowie's hair and a leotard just showing me a little too much. If you are going to make a female android, wouldn't the goal be to seduce her and lure enemies? Mission has not been reached. They say beauty comes in all shapes and sizes, but I think I've found a great exception. <br /> <br /> If "Mystery Science Theater 3000" was still around, this movie would be on a very short list of movies. need to eradicate. <br /> <br /> Beyond the butt-nasty Alienator (sorry, Teagan, female weightlifters are gross). The movie is good. Maybe there's not much of a story and maybe the characters aren't really interesting. And maybe the scene with the heart is incredibly rich for no particular reason - what use does a killer robot have with a deer? But overall, I actually liked the movie. I won't pick it out or reach out to my local video store to retrieve the latest DVD copy (which I'm sure is full of great special features - not). But I consider this movie time well spent and looking forward to similar adventures in the future.
