One year before ILSA, SHE-WOLF OF THE SS, BLACKSNAKE could easily be called SUSAN, SHE-WOLF OF THE PLANTATION and it probably inspired the producers behind the Nazi sex plague epics to continue with their more notorious films because the stories identical: a beautiful, horny head, strong (but stupid) blonde woman, humiliates and kills many people under her control, who all want her hatred and her death. Sounds familiar? Director Russ Meyer and David Friedman, the producer behind the ILSA movie, are good friends and they started their careers together. So, of course, there's a connection there. Look at BLACKSNAKE, but I can't help but think Russ Meyer wants to continue and do something different than his typical busty women epics, because XXX movies were all the rage during the mid-1970s, and Russ Meyer movies, though full of nudity and kinkiness and violence, was never even close to real pornography. His movies looked positively next to DEEP THROAT and other hard-core porn blocks. Meyer knew he couldn't compete with such films, and BLACKSNAKE is the end result of such a strife in his career. Of course, he wanted to branch out into different unknown areas. But BLACKSNAKE bombed at the B.O. and Meyer quickly returned to make VIXEN-type films that, even if they were not pornographic, certainly exceeded any of his previous films. <br /> <br /> It is no wonder BLACKSNAKE was a BO failure. It's just terrible. Trash-o-rama. Jaw-drop bad. It's a quasi-campus that takes slavery if you can imagine it. The end result is scared. One minute, we are in typical Meyer area: exuberant, playful and stupid, and then the next moment, super serious meditation on slavery and violence. Huh? It just doesn't work. The aspect of slavery / racism is mishandled furiously and leads this film into the true exploitation category. But BLACKSNAKE is not as sloppy as ILSA SHE WOLF OF THE SS and these kind of movies, so I think fans of the latter were disappointed about it, which would explain the almost lack of interest in this movie from either exploitation fans or Russ Meyer fans. Meyer blames the failure of BLACKSNAKE because, and I quote, "It didn't have enough breasts in it." Well, I'm sorry Russ, but the movie is just bad, breast or no breasts. But he is right about the low chest quota. Except for Anouska and the girl, the film is male. Meyer replaces his usual brief babies with a lot of hunters with massive pecs, in the form of anonymous black actors playing the slaves and the great David (Darth Vader) Prows. And with Anouska's right-hand man, portrayed as a ruthless but clever gay man who has the power he has over the men, one can only wonder what Meyer really is trying to create here. <br /> <br /> BLACKSNAKE stars David Warbeck, who is wanted by Anouska and her right hand man. Poor David. He seems totally satisfied with the whole experience. He apparently had fun making the movie, but you can see it clearly. Sometimes he has no idea what is going on. And then there is Anouska Hempel. She is a beautiful woman ... for the 1970s, not the 1870s. With her makeup and hair, she looks like a British Briton's Briton as a century's dominatrix. And her wardrobe is hilarious. At one time she actually pulls out her boots! I didn't know they had shorts in those days. But the character she plays is in itself really humiliating (no pun intended). She is nothing but a figure for the object of lust and mockery of every man (and that woman) on the island. For example, one night, when David and Anouska switched it on, her annoying slave driver ran into the room, knocking David unconscious and trying to rape her, making her cruel. The next day the slave manager still works for Anouska and the two act as if nothing happened. It's completely ridiculous. Under any circumstances, if her character was a real person, Anouska would have struck the slave driver senselessly and kicked his buttocks out of the island. Or even killed him. But the fact that the woman keeps him on her plantation after trying to rape her extends the thin story and characters' credibility to the maximum. <br /> <br /> Ridiculous details like this and the thoroughly surprising blow-up angle make BLAKKSNAK a strangely unpleasant but risky movie. Viewable in the train wreck variety. I just can't help but watch the movie for the absolutely baseless aspects of everything (the excellent cinematography sorta makes it easier to watch). So, it's an exploitation movie, I think it managed to do what it was supposed to do. But BLACKSNAKE is mainly for Russ Meyer finalists.
