I watched a few episodes of this show and found that some elements of it are quite interesting, considering medical facts that can be learned. But it was completely shot and destroyed by the eternal immoral relationships of the show's characters. Everyone seems to have slept almost everyone, even during office hours, which is ridiculously unrealistic. There seems to be no fixed, lasting marriage or relationship throughout the show - everyone is broken up and on the prowl - almost a true reflection of all Americans. Indeed, there is a total lack of respect for marriage or monogamy and it is truly indifferent. <br /> <br /> Then we are presented with endless little moral dilemmas, and they are generally solved in such a way that someone cheats who disagrees with the omniscient degenerate management and staff of private practice. . For example, in one of the latest episodes, we are presented with an exceptionally scarce situation of a baby born to an uncertain generation and Addison absolutely refuses to perform the operation because we have to decide on the baby later on. Anyone who disagrees with it is portrayed as immature and stupid. <br /> <br /> And I think anyone who would be opposed to abortion is offended by the way the show deals with pro-lifers. Addison commented that no one was allowed to have an opinion on the matter and only one black character gave dignity to defend abortion on moral grounds. The general feeling was that if you were opposed to abortion, you were a freak - hardly the popular sentiment in the US. Two of the main characters in the show barely mention that they had abortions when they were younger and had no excuses or regrets, despite the fact that research has shown that women can undergo intense depression. In addition, a young girl comes to the clinic for an abortion and then the staff are on their way out and someone is talking about how they help these young people and it was like giving up. The writing could be written by Planned Parenting. <br /> <br /> All in all, it is a cheap show that lacks much of a future unless it decides to offer more real relationships rather than just incredible soap opera relationships and far-fetched medical situations throughout whole show.
