The Choke begins as a rock band known as The Choke. Preparing for a concert at a nightclub called 'Club 905' owned and managed by Guy Johnson (Andrew Parker). Leading singer Dylan (Sean Cook) and guitarist Mike (Jason McKee) are planning to tell other band members, London player (Brooke Bailey) and drummer Nancy (Tom Olson) that they are both going solo and their services will not be needed anymore no. Once at the club, Dylan prepares, but Mike doesn't come up and the gig gets in a disaster. Then, just as the group thinks things can't get worse, they find a dead body in the basement, that all the doors are closed so they can't get out and that they can't trust anyone if a mysterious killer starts picking up They are one-on-one ... <br /> <br /> Produced and directed by Juan A. Mas The Choke is a standard-by-number teenage girl who really has nothing. The screenplay by Jessica Dolan and Susannah Lowber (not too many horror movies out there, at least has some surprisingly good characters and some fine dialogue, but it's much better than a very modern shot at some kind of horror of the camcorder In that respect, it is so slow and boring that even some interesting characters can't get close to saving it, as one would expect all ordinary teenage cat glands to be used, from the remote spot to which the victims can't escape, throwing nice teens who stop splitting, a few murders and a very weak turn trying to mimic something like Scream (1996) and be astonishing but don't make much sense if you think logically about it (they couldn't do the things they were supposed to) and to make matters worse, I guess who the killer was pretty early and although I didn't want to boast, I was on the point. the fact that the makers of The Choke felt that she was admonishing her audience k becomes endless (well, it feels endless while it is being watched). Scenes running around the dark corridors do nothing in particular. I'm sorry, but there are just as many scenes as this I can take before it gets boring. The murder is low, first they all decide to stick together (good idea), but then they all decide randomly to solve and go separate ways (bad idea if a killer is on the loose), the pace is funny, the dead screens are unthinkable and to cut everything down, the end is poor. <br /> <br /> Director Mas does well, the movie looks mostly OK, although there are strange opportunities where he uses some annoying post production editing technique such as slow motion or frame jump. The gore levels aren't really too tight, there's a little bloodshed, a man with a hole in his chest, a few empty corpses and someone thrown on some metal poles. Most of the kill happens with the screen with the ax dead in the end a good example of the movie, which doesn't actually show. Since the film is about a rock band, there is quite a rock-oriented soundtrack with some really horrible, horrible rock songs being used on it. I'm sorry rock fans, but in my ears this crap is just noisy. It's not scary, there's no real atmosphere, and the lack of blood and gore is just inexcusable if the rest of the movie is so bad. <br /> <br /> With a so-called budget of about $ 1,000,000 The Choke is well-crafted with reasonable production values, it seems cheap to be sure, but not as cheap as very low budget horror movies look. Shoot in a place called Spokane in Washington. The play is one of the movies' strongest points because it's generally pretty good, I mean no one is going to win an Oscar, but it's not half bad. <br /> <br /> The Choke is an ongoing routine Scream style teen skater who has one of the worst strife ever and a criminal lack of blood, gore, violence, nakedness and empty bodies. I mean if a slasher doesn't have sex or gore, what's the point? That's the only thing the average treasurer is worth looking at, right?
