"Carriers" follow the exploitation of two guys and two gals in a stolen Mercedes with the words road hiker on the hood fastening it on the highway for the beach with the surfboard at the top of their car. Brian (Chris Pine of Star Trek) drives and his girlfriend Bobby (Piper Perabo of "Coyote Ugly") has shotgun, while Brian's younger brother Danny (Lou Taylor Pucci of Fanboys) and his friend are not exactly. girlfriend - Kate (Emily VanCamp of "The Ring 2") holds the back seat. This quartet of twenty-something characters lives in a nightmare. Apparently, a viral pandemic - which co-directors and co-structures Alex Pastor and David Pastor tell us absolutely nothing - destroyed America. Of course, the lack of exposition shifts at least fifteen minutes which slowed down these cynical melodrama on how people degenerate into a crisis and become their own worst enemies. <br /> <br /> This deadly virus gives you shingles and then you bleed and die. Most of them run around with the white masks wrapped in a thin rubber band on their nose and mouth. Initially, this four-year-old meets a desperate father, Frank (Christopher Meloni of "Runaway Bride") and his cute little daughter Jodie (Kiernan Shipka of "Land of the Lost") who blocks the highway with their SUV. Brian swung around Frank as he tries to seduce them, but in the process the oil pan breaks into their Mercedes and they walk on foot. Restrained, they take a ride with Frank after they seal Jodie in the back of the SUV. She wears a mask over her nose and mouth and it is speckled with blood. Frank heard that doctors were healing sick people at a hospital and they insisted. Unfortunately someone lied to Frank. The hospital doctor gives the last few children a few Kool Aid that will pour them out of their misery. The healing did not improve their condition. Everyone else in town is dead. Kate tries unsuccessfully to get a dial tone on every phone. Frank realizes that there is no hope for his daughter and he lets the heroic quartet apply and take down his SUV. <br /> <br /> Indeed, "carriers" qualify as a relentless depressed film about the effects of a pandemic on four sympathetic people who turn into murderers to protect themselves. They reach a country club and walk around on a golf course until another four in suits and masks with pump action guns appear. Unbelievably, our protagonists succeed in escaping without being shot, but Brian is frightening when he almost falls into the water with a floating body. Eventually they discover that one of them is infected. Later, when they're about to run out of gas, Brian shuts down the freeway as Frank did at first. Danny tries to stop a few older Christian women driving the car. Danny is lying that his pregnant wife is about to give birth and he needs their help. Brian throws the wind gently and blows off the ladies with his automatic pistol when they refuse to help them. Brian catches a snail in the passenger's leg, but he kills her. <br /> <br /> No, "Carriers" is not a beer and pizza movie you can't laugh or laugh because the humor doesn't exist. By the end of this 84-minute movie, our heroes have turned into villains who just care about themselves and their destiny. Chris Pine makes an impressive impression as a loving Brian and his energetic performance is the only reason to hang out at this hokum, while the only other well-known actress, Piper Perabo, is transferred to an unobtrusive friend role. Like Bobby, she made the tragic mistake of giving compassion to a dying girl and paying a huge price. This is proof of Pine's performance that he can change his character to the point of putting himself in front of others. In essence, Pine has the only role to give him the ability to draw an eighty-one happy man to heartless man. <br /> <br /> The two directors are Spanish brothers, and they never flag the momentum. As there is no relief in sight, "Carriers" sink into predictability. "Irreversible" filmographer Benoît Debie does a fantastic job with his widescreen lensing and as careless as this road trip, Debie makes it like a dynamic movie. Apart from the lack of a happy ending or closure in any sense of the word, "Carriers" suffer because it is so cynical. The scene when German shepherd Danny attacks, makes the most strain, but even that can be improved. Unfortunately, the Pastor brothers do not dread so much tension or tension. By blurring, you really don't care what happens to anyone.
