In the late 1970s, animator Don Bluth, frustrated with the output of his Disney company, knocked off the Mouse House to form his own studio. His first production, THE SECRET OF NIMH, was a brilliant feature that still holds well until today. This was followed by an American Tail and the country ahead of time, both made by Steven Spielberg and commercially successful. Although none of the two films did not have the NIMH adult appeal, they are still very nice, nice features for both children and adults. But before long, Don Bluth did his first big blast with ALL DOGS. critics were especially hard on this movie, and matters were not helped by the fact that it was opened next to Disney's THE LITTLE MERMAID. <br /> <br /> Since the movie has such a friendly sound, one would expect ALL HONES GO TO HEAVEN a pleasant family fee. Instead, Bluth offers a surprisingly dark story with gambling, fraud, crime, abuse and murder. This itself is not a problem for an animated feature per se, but it doesn't matter if the movie is for children. On the other hand, it's hard to tell if adults will find much to enjoy in ALL DOGS GO TO HEAVEN. In short, this is a movie with a big identity crisis. <br /> <br /> In a barren junkyard of New Orleans, the movie starts when Charlie B. Barkin, a coarse dark German shepherd, runs over through a car courtesy of his former gambling casino partner, a nasty, cigar-puffing pit bull, Carface. Before you know it, Charlie finds himself in heaven, though by default. Here, a whippet angel, Annabelle, tells him that "all dogs go to heaven, because other than dogs, dogs are usually loyal and friendly." This line represents the confused nature of the movie, as the dogs in the movie, the whippet aside, are offered nothing else. <br /> <br /> Realizing that he was murdered, Charlie steals his way back to Earth and plots to even get to Carface. With the reluctant help of his canine dog Itchy, "Charlie" rescues Carface's prize, AnneMarie, a human animal-capable girl (to predict who will win the races). Charlie claims he will help the little one get her a family, but in reality he uses her skills to win the race, so he can build a more extensive casino of his own to bring Carface down. Although he refuses to admit it, Charlie grows to love AnneMarie ... <br /> <br /> The concept of the story is not as problematic as the execution. Aside from the human girl, AnneMarie and a flamboyant musical crocodile that appears about three-quarters door (with Ken Page's vocal pipes), none of the other characters appear to be fun or honest, even worth caring. Unfortunately, this also applies to Charlie; In an effort to make him an anti-hero, the script (composed of more than ten writers) only succeeds in understanding the character. As such, the audience does not feel empathy for Charlie, and worse, his redemption at the end of the movie does not come as convincingly. (Further damage to the character is the disappointingly uncharismatic vocal performance of Burt Reynolds.) Apart from the lack of impressive lead, the film's other problem is in the structure of the story. The slow tempo jumps all over the place and makes a habit of throwing in extra scenes that serve no purpose, but to fill out the movie of the movie. The aforementioned music calligator (who is infected in a damp sewer with native rats) seems to be thrown out of nowhere, and also a scene where Charlie tries to show his generosity to AnneMarie by giving a parcel of pastel-colored pizza. The whole script feels like a rough first concept; A little more Polish could have made it a tighter, impactful story. <br /> <br /> Matters are not helped by the shining musical numbers by Charlie Strouse and T.J. Kuenster (AnneMarie's song and the gator's ballad is the only favor, especially in Ken Page's brand new voice) or the uneven cast. As mentioned above, Burt Reynolds's stiff and lifeless Charlie even worsens his overall character. (The only exception is a fiery confession to Itchy about his true intentions to the end). Dom DeLuise as Itchy is pretty good, but he had better roles, especially Tiger in AN American TAIL and Jeremy in THE SECRET OF NIMH. Ken Page, as mentioned, is great in anything he does, but his character has such a small part that his overall contribution at best is unbeatable. Likewise, Loni Anderson (as a collie who once had a mess with Charlie), is Melba Moore, and Charles Nelson Reilly. Judith Barsi as AnneMarie is probably the only voice that truly appears memorable, partly because her character is the only justifiable one in this depressing and joyful performance. <br /> <br /> Aside from Barsi, the only true positive about ALL DOGS is HEAVEN is the animation. Technically, this movie has some of the most imaginative visuals from Bluth's team (according to 1980's standards, that is), especially a frightening scene where Charlie has a nightmare to end up in a fiery underworld created by a huge satanic dog demon controlled. If anything, the movie is more of a triumph of animation and storytelling. <br /> <br /> Overall, however, I cannot recommend ALL DOGS to HEAVEN as good entertainment. Although I acknowledge that the movie has its fans and the climax welcomes energy and a moving conclusion, the overall package is not in the same league as Bluth's better efforts. Animation buffs will be astonished at the lush artwork, but by the time it is over, ALL DOGS TO THE SKY may leave a bad taste in your mouth.
