I'm a big fan of movies that make you think. I still think long and hard about this one, fully seven minutes after the credits rolled. What really keeps my neurons busy is to satisfy the relevance of the naked girl's plot, which loves her smooth, oily body, which is made uncomfortable by being filmed on a cheap video. It happens three times and I was sure it would eventually be declared. I rely on the filmmakers that this lousy attempt to attract viewers would be justified. It wasn't. <br /> <br /> The movie must be the most apathetic I got in the genre. The sets look like a cross between a 70-year-old dr. Who is sitting and someone's bad idea of ​​a sponge-painted living room. The lighting is unthinkable (if your sets are going to be so bad, then film them halfway in the dark to hide the plasterboard and create an atmosphere). Of the abducted quartet, the girl looks as if she is particularly paralyzed, but none of them is given a personality. The foreigners' plans for world domination are simply stupid. All they need is a birth control pill and their problems are solved. Most of the movies consist of people running corridors. Yes, it's really so exciting. The special effect of the "jet gun" is ... curious, to say the least (which is a weapon that takes a 15-second concentrated blast to kill, and even then the man comes back for more?). The script is like a bad episode of The A-Team, and the ladies' hairstyles come from the same era, so they look like school teachers instead of a bust of murderous alien invaders. When we finally see how the aliens really look, they are in suspended animation and they never get out of their boxes. The story of the story - traitor alien simply has a few words with invading naval commander and without a second thought that he is at home - is it really the sign of a writer who never has an idea more complex than a Saturday morning (I mean the bad people without plot, action or characterization) in his or her life. <br /> <br /> But seriously, what is the naked chick? Was it really just that they could justify placing meat on the DVD cover to promote sales?
