Noel Coward, a witty and uncivilized man, was friends with Louis Mountbatten. Me. Coward, a prolonged fan of all fleets, was commissioned to write a story based on the loss of Mountbatten's ship. In a strange British way, it was considered a movie about the Royal Navy to lose a meeting at sea, would be good propaganda. It was also a good idea to play Mr Coward as part of the ship's captain. Among the many features needed to manage a fighter ship has the ability to speak in a very clipped voice and sophisticated "point" songs, not very high on the list at Admiralty House, or at least no hope. A captain must earn and retain the respect of the hall and the lower deck. Mr Coward would have had the respect of the gentlemen of the choir in Drury Lane, and Binkie Beaumont might have been terrified of him, but his ability to form, manage and shape a ship's injury in war must be questioned . He folds himself clumsy around The bridge, the other ranks and barking orders at the officers, he needed to have only a lace skirt and a cigarette holder that looks right at home. Many have been made of the "warship as a microcosm of the British Society" theme, and the crew mainly consists of the ordinary cheerful kayneys, canny northerners etc.without who cannot fight war. They spend most of their time on board smoking, groaning at Lord Haw Haw and being inflated. Remember, there are many more where they come from. As they go ashore, they go straight to the pub where they spend most of their time, smoking, complaining about Lord Haw Haw and being blown up. With the contrast, Mr Coward lives in a dream house with a rose covered doors somewhere very quiet with very little chance of being inflated. He, his wife's wife and their two rosy abusers, speak in ridiculous touches and say women spend much of their time making things for the poor who are unfortunately his crew and who she refers to their surnames. The good young master Johnny Mills has a prominent role as a totally incredible lower deck type. Coward worships the same way as a swollen dog, his master will worship. He married his girlfriend after she kissed her. on the cheek, presumably based on the fact that she can be pregnant after such a passionate passion. So yes, we do have a microcosm of British society here, but perhaps not in the way the makers of "In what we serve" mean. In the end, Mr. Coward one last chance to protect his men as the few survivors move over him: "Goodbye Edwards, it was a privilege to go with you", he says as if he were watching a brown cow. It may have been David Lean's feature debut, but Noel Coward's hand hangs big across the photo. He was a funny and clever man, better suited to writing erratic plays about poor, small, rich girls and boys caught with the occasional furious song. He had a talent for wondering, but he couldn't write or speak a convincing dialogue. Being Noel Coward was a full-time job, he didn't have time to be a real person.
