Cecil B. deMille's 1922 Tearjerker jail sentence. Manslag finds the beautiful Leatrice Joy as a sad but decadent young lady with more money than she knows what to do. Her recklessness leads to imprisonment, which in turn leads to her rebirth. Thomas Meighan is the attorney of the Crusader District who made it his personal crusade to bring good and health to Lydia (Joy), but he is treated with alcohol and as soon as she is released, it is up to her to save him! <Br /> <br /> If the plot doesn't sound too bad, you'll be cursed by the furious presentation. The quality of DeMille's direction is very low, and he does not show any specific skill that is unique to him. Photography is standard and flat, and editing is hardly more dynamic. One can easily classify it as a fashion program and be fairly correct. DeMille gets Miss. Dress up in so many different types of clothes (evening dresses, golf suits, car suits, pole furs) that the subtitle 'Fashion of 1922' can be <br /> <br /> One more disappointing thing than photography or editing or the direction is the play , which is mostly flat and wood. If this is not the case, it is simply routine quiet gestures, rolling eyeballs, eyelashes and deliberate point and arm movements. What would have been for modern viewers surprised by the overcrowding and scene chewing of some of the worst silent movies, is just dull to look at here. The only member of the cast who succeeds in any form of excellence is Lois Wilson, who is not only beautiful but can also play her role. She is convincing and impressive in scary close-ups, as long as you don't read the moralizing title card as soon as she opens her mouth to speak. As I said, everyone else is completely routine, Joy, Meighan, even Julia Faye. Her performance here makes a good argument for why she has never reached a real star. <br /> <br /> The worst and most amusing part of this movie is the heavy moralistic tone that penetrates everything. Meighan's character has many intertitles where he drones about how the youth of America falls in his moral attitude and goes straight back to the decadence of Rome. (Insert absurd flashback). This film's moralization is described as Victorian, but it is beyond that. It has so little in reality that at that stage I had a sense of audience, it has not been seriously tackled as modern viewers could. <br /> <br /> This movie is exactly what the unconscious tends to be as a 'typical' silent movie, with its archaic moral structure, woodworking and bad direction. DeMille shows that he can be a terrible director, with no sense of pacing, camera placement or skill to handle script or actors. I can't imagine being in the right mind to take it seriously. Drilling, slow and idiot, I recommend using hardcore silent movie dorks like me alone.
