Tyrannosaurus Azteca was founded in the sixteenth century where Spanish explorer Hernando Cortes (Ian Ziering) landed in Mexico with six of his best men, including Lieutenant Rios (Marco Sanchez). They plan to claim the land in the name of the Spanish and perhaps. Steal also some gold if the opportunity arises. Within minutes, they took their first look at local Aztec wild animals, within minutes of being captured and detained by Cortes & his men. If it wasn't bad enough, a few Tyrannosaurus Rex live there and like to eat the locals in an attempt to win their Spanish offer to help the locals get rid of their monster problem, but with several hidden agendas And it's not just the dinosaurs they have to watch. <br /> <br /> Directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith (who happened to be one of my favorite all-time movie films, Turkey Shoot (1982) I highly recommend) and also more commonly known as the Aztec Spoofing Title Rex (the title has been changed by the Sci-Fi channel when they broadcast it, perhaps as the original title Tyrannosaurus Azteca sounds like it might be a foreign movie) it's still an idiot and cheap search Sci-Fi Channel 'Creature Feature 'and that's all you really need to know. Based on and around the true Spanish Conquistador Cortes during his expedition to Mexico, the film certainly does not try for historical accuracy, although I will admit that the story is trying to do something else here, but ultimately Tyrannosaurus Azteca is just a " Creature Feature 'with a lot of people running graphics from a poor CGI computer, despite the time it takes. Not sure what I can say yet, although the ancient centuries ago was the usual click here, the character is the usual cardboard cuttings, makes stupid decisions and the selfish one, the heroic, the backstabbing one, the faceless victim who just exists to eat and the beautiful woman is all here and easy to see. The movie is predictable, stupid, dull and does not really entertain at any level, though moving at a decent pace and there are one or two half-hourly moments of gore if that kind of thing interests you. The story is not so good and also has many holes, it is also the kind of movie that you will completely forget within a few days. <br /> <br /> Now I have already seen and commented on many Sci-Fi Channel 'Creature Features' and usually the CGI computer effects are terrible and while Tyrannosaurus Azteca does not exactly give the trend I will admit. There are some good-looking effects shots, but they are usually ruined by an absolutely terrible effect. shot straight afterwards. There are also some decent gore effects, there is a cut out heart, an old man's leg is cut, there is a little bloodshed, a cool shot of a man holding his own intestines after going through the dinosaur was attacked. Some dead bodies were seen and someone was stabbed with a spear. The T-Rex also gets some people to eat. The production values ​​are really cheap, the Aztec set looks like one of Styrofoam's amusement park attractions. The Spanish men must be trapped in the worst casing in film history, with the fence they want in lower than a men's waist. could easily have retired and ran away it was so low. <br /> <br /> With a so-called $ 900,000 budget, I can't see where the money went, suddenly shot in O'ahu in Hawaii in fifteen days. The acting is not good for anyone I have ever heard of. <br /> <br /> Tyrannosaurus Azteca is really no better than any other inexpensive Sci-Fi Channel 'Creature Feature' despite an almost interesting and unusual Foreground, that basic statement should be basic enough to decide if you will enjoy or not (with a guess probably not).
