EPSILON, a strange visitor, is not what I expected. It is an Australian film without budget, with no special effects except fast movie and quick scene cuts. The female alien (who can immediately appear over the Australian) can change from place to place or from time to time and change her perception of the flow of time to suit the "faster" people. <br /> <br /> An elderly grandmother tells her two granddaughters about a story that a wandering man told her 40 years ago when an unnamed "She" came to the planet naked and was completely moved. was to see which star in the air she came from. She met a man alone who camped in the Australian Outback, who apparently confused him. She's here with a mistake, and gets angry when she's told she's on Earth. The Earth gangs are known as perfect destructors of the environment and a metaphor for the most abusive thing the rest of the universe is conceivable: those who breathe the dirty air but do nothing, their heads under the sand like a ostrich stitch. In another amusing metaphor, Potatoes are "frogs". From there it is quite a movie about dialogue, as the confused man tries to understand. She is exceptional psychology and views, even though she calls him relentless and "quirky". The man starts to realize that maybe it's people who are irrational and don't think straight. Yet, while she is waiting to be "blown back", she sees that this man is not completely mistaken in his thinking and even falls in love with him. <br /> <br /> The perspective on perspectives is in the interesting places, but it is all layered with a heavy-handed environmental message and a low-budget feeling (there are only two main actors who flourish around various abandoned scenes, and the evil-corrupting people on the planet are never seen). The environmental message does not provide solutions, but paints one or two urgent metaphors about what will happen to nature and man if something is not done. The logic also does not coincide: the rest of the universe gave up on the Earth, but a spacecraft caught accidentally on Earth can bring about positive changes by closing the film. What would a battalion of strangers sent to do succeed in achieving pollution and waste?
