This is one of those films that the British Lottery Fund loses its money. The biggest problem is a scary script that doesn't get anywhere. The characters are not interesting, the story is conventional and careless. The only thing that matters is the place: the city of Genoa (Genoa in Italian). With just a superficial knowledge of Genoa, I had no idea of ​​the complexity of the Old City, and that the city was so interesting. I thought Genoa was dull. I'm glad to say I was wrong. So from the traveling companion's point of view, this movie is of interest. The movie features one beautiful show, by a little girl named Perla Haney-Jardine. She has made seven films, though only 12. So she looks determined about a career as an actress and judges her performance in this movie, she has to go far, because she is natural and has a lot of talent. Colin Firth, a reliable and professional actor, was at stake for the filming and when he was seriously asked, he was serious. When asked to have anxiety, he was angry. But someone forgot to give him a valuable dialogue. The writing is a total problem. Catherine Keener is exceptionally good at a supportive role, and with sympathy she naturally comes to her, so everyone wants her (I always want to tell her if I feel cold, as I know she will get me a soothing hot drink ). So there we have it: Genoa's fascinating narrow streets, an interesting girl and a sympathetic woman. Forget the rest. The older sister played by Willa Holland is such a disgusting character that the fact that the young actress does a good job of being repulsive, not exactly the kind of acting tribute she'd like to hear, I suspect. The idea that this family goes to Genoa to forget the miserable death of the mother is so foolish that all the dead mothers, if we have another movie, have the right to complain to be exploited. If Michael Winterbottom wanted to make a film about how interesting the old part of Genoa is, why didn't he just go to the BBC and say he wanted to make a movie with some unimaginable celebrity presenter? Why are you wasting money on a feature film that is nothing but an idleness of empty and winding void?
