In the course of the year I noticed that when a rock star makes his final album before his death, the album, if not his best, is usually somehow productive and worthy of at least listening to. have. The album is usually good enough to cement a legacy. But when it comes to comedians, especially main films that die in their own vehicles, their final movie is usually God terrible. John Belushi had a neighbor, John Candy had "Wagon's East", Chris Farley had "Nearly Heroes", Phil Hartman had "Small Soldiers," and Rodney Dangerfield had this movie. <br /> <br /> "Back by Midnight", although it may not have been Dangerfield's very last movie, is poor in every sense of the word. According to this site, it filmed in 2002, and it is safe to say that it would stay on the shelves if Dangerfield was still alive. I was a big fan of Dangerfield's since I was in my early teens, and it hurts me to see how rotten this movie was. <br /> <br /> What amazes me most is that a number of other talented people have taken part in a movie with a very weak starting point. Dangerfield, a great comedian who usually played his comic persona on film, is a prison observer who houses a nearby group of prisoners. When jail owner Colonel-Tom-Parker meets Sam-Walton billionaire Eli Rockwood (Randy Quaid) cuts funding for jail, the officer sends a group of prisoners out of jail, Rockwood's memorable stores of consumer goods, and breaks back into prison with the booty. By taking what's in the convenience stores, they're (think) what they think Rockwood owes them. <br /> <br /> With this faint premise, the movie spits regularly and stalls. In addition, the jokes you think the movie's salvation is not even close to funny, even from Mr. No Respect himself. It's also incredibly disappointing, because you're expecting a movie with Oscar nominee (!) Randy Quaid, Kirstie Alley, Gilbert Gottfried, Ed Begley Jr., Yeardley Smith, and others to be at least a little funny. Instead, Quaid plays a character we've seen in many other comedies. Alley plays a British heir with a terrible British accent (can't afford this movie a real British person!?!) And every joke was poorly set and badly hit by almost every member of this ensemble. It wasn't just a good comedy in any sense. <br /> <br /> "Back At Midnight" R is rated primarily for language (and one scene of nudity). The irony of this fact is that many of the jokes are so insulting that even children (if you change the language) will walk out of this movie. The physical gags are also incredibly predictable, especially when Alley's pet monkey makes Quaid's character painful. When the monkey grabs a pair of scissors and jumps on Quaid's couch, who wouldn't know where the gag goes? <br /> <br /> Of course, to be a direct-to-video comedy, I didn't expect Oscar-winning material here. The truth is, Dangerfield has made some great, timeless comedies. "Easy Money" and "Back to School" are still hilarious and certainly not Oscar-worthy in the slightest. However, there is a difference between making a stupid comedy that is funny and making a stupid comedy. With the latter kind of comedy, it seems as if the filmmakers are not even trying, this is exactly the case with this lame excuse for a wasted 90 minutes. Rest in peace, Rodney, but add this movie to your group forgetful comedies such as "Meet Wally Sparks" (1997) and "The Godson" (1999). This movie, I dare say, is not even worth seeing.
