I'm not sure what to do about this amazing 2007 drama. The attempt to make a new millennium cross blood between The Golden Pond and The Prince of Tides is ultimately a volatile rubble that moves so sharply between comedy and melodrama that the emotional pitch always looks. The biggest problem seems to be the irreconcilable difference between Garry Marshall's sentimental direction and Mark Andrus's dark, confusing script. The story focuses on the unraveling relationship between mother Lilly and daughter Rachel, who managed from San Francisco to small town Hull, Idaho, where Grandma Georgia lives. The idea is that Lilly Rachel should leave Georgia under the jurisdiction of Georgia for the summer, with her draconian rules, as the young 17-year-old became an immortal helio. <br /> <br /> The setup is clear enough, but the characters are made to move quickly and often inexplicably between sympathetic and shrill to fit the outdated contours of the storyline. It leads randomly through issues of alcoholism, child molestation and dysfunctional families until it is established in its patent decision. The three actresses in the center deliver some of the dramatic twists, but varying degrees. Probably due to her off-screen reputation and her scratchy voice, Lindsay Lohan makes Rachel's debauchery and manipulative tactic, though less believable, as her character reveals the psychological wounds that give rise to her hedonistic behavior. Felicity Huffman is obliged to play Lilly on two critical notes - as a petulant, furious daughter to a mother who never came near her and as an angry, alcoholic mother who begins to recognize her own accountability in her daughter's state of mind . She does what she can with the role on both fronts, but her efforts never add to a flesh-and-blood man. <br /> <br /> Nearly seventy Jane Fonda looks good, even as shown here, and has the presence of the stars to get away with the cartoon-like dimensions of thin Georgia. The problem I have with Fonda's decisive problem is that the legendary actress earns much more than a series of one-liners and mother styles. Between this and 2005's excellent Monster-in-Law, it makes one wonder if her best work is behind her. It should not be surprising that the actress's male counterparts are completely overshadowed. Garrett Hedlund seems to be a bit surfer-dude than the naive Harlan, a dedicated Mormon whose sudden love for Rachel can delay his two-year missionary rod. Cary Elwes plays on a well-known suspicious note as Lilly's husband, an unfortunate case where predictable decisions end the film's end. <br /> <br /> There is also the ubiquitous Dermot Mulroney in the morose threefold role of the wounded. widower, Lilly's former flame and Rachel's new city veterinarian, Simon Ward. Laurie Metcalf has a rare role as Simon's sister Paula, while Marshall's regular Hector Elizondo and song Paul Williams appear in cameos. Some of Andrus's dialogue is simply awful and the shaky serio-like tone never comes up with something that feels right. There are several little extras with the 2007 DVD, no one is too exciting. Marshall gives a commentary that has much of his trademark laconic humor. There are several removed scenes, including three variations at the end, and a gag line. A seven-minute feat was included, as well as the original theater car, a six-minute short-sight from the three actresses and a five-tribute to Marshall.
