The uprising of the zombies begins with Armand Louque (Dean Jagger) trying to convince General Duval (George Cleveland) that his partner, Tsiang (William Crowell) is a priest who has the power to hypnotize people and them under his control. (a little like the people I really work with). Anyway, Tsiang is killed by Colonel Mazovia (Roy D'Arcy), but fails to get the knowledge to turn people into zombies. An expedition has been set up by General Duval to seek the secret, since Tsiang won't tell them much anymore. General Duval heads the expedition with his daughter Claire (Dorothy Stone) who is engaged to Louque who also meets. During the expedition, Claire Louque disappears for his partner, Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland), to whom Louque is not satisfied. In a way that can only happen in a movie, Louque finds the secret to turning people into zombies himself and using his new power to get revenge on Claire & Clifford. Written and directed by Victor Halperin Revolt of the Zombies has a bad reputation and after watching it, I can see why. Halperin's, Howard Higgin's and Rollo Lloyd's script, not all accredited, has a good central idea, but is killed by cold death, and is so exciting to look like paint. Nothing happens much for centuries, and then nothing happens afterwards. How Halperin depicts his zombies is different from what most modern audiences would regard as a zombie, these zombies are just brainwashing people and movie shows will have to wait more than thirty years before George A. Romero will define what a zombie is now thought of as the night of the living dead (1968). At only about an hour, Revolt of the Zombies still feels too long. Technically the movie is OK, as it was made 70 years ago, the black-and-white cinematography is adequate, although some of the screens seem to be shot against a picture of the background. The acting is wood and largely unimpressive. The uprising of the zombies may have been hot in 1936, but it did not date well and in 2005 it is an absolute task to go through. I believe the movie is now public domain, as it appears on very cheap DVD compilations and budget features, but it's still not worth watching, no matter how cheap you can get it.
