Although the title contains the word "zombies", this movie is not what you expect from a movie made today, although for 1936 the concept is played out and is likely to be expected. Dean Jagger depicts Armand Louque, an officer in the French Army of the First World War, who has turned an ancient story of soldiers who have turned into automatic or zombies. They are impenetrable in the fight and can retain the key to victory in the war. , although on whose side is not sure. Initially, he had trouble convincing his superiors of this phenomenon, but eventually French General Duval (George Cleveland) ordered a non-military expedition in the ancient Cambodian city of Angkor to find the secret of the zombies and destroy them. <br /> <br /> The story is set against the backdrop of a love triangle involving Louque, Duval's daughter Claire (Dorothy Stone) and Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland), all part of the expedition. When Louque complains about his lack of strength and sincerity, Grayson advises him to find out what he wants with his whole life. That advice begins to transform Louque, especially after he has managed to find a stone table that looks like a picture from the old city. After following a temple priest in a swamp, it seems Louque is keeping the secret he was looking for, although it was not made clear how he could immediately command the power of "zombie fixation". All that is needed, puts his right fist on the forehead and simulates a third eye and throws his thoughts out to those he wants to control. It is useful to win back his girlfriend and take Grayson's early advice while commenting on his servant. "Buna, we learn to be relentless". <br /> <br /> Fans of early "B" horror flicks will recognize the use of Bela Lugosi's signature harvester, picked from the 1932 film, White Zombie, by director Victor Halperin. Of the two movies, "White Zombie" is better, both in story content and in the portrayal of the dead, where the zombies have a more sinister appearance and are more threatening. In "Revolt", the zombies are hostile soldiers with a glazed look that respond only to their mentor's orders. In fact, the real uprising of the title only occurs when Louque releases the soldiers of his spiritual command, in honor of his love for Claire; they surpassed his connection and killed him in the process. <br /> <br /> Not too hard on the movie, it definitely plays within the parameters of the story, but if you think "zombies !!!" in the traditional context you will probably be disappointed. If you want an early treatment of the subject, the aforementioned "White Zombie" with Bela Lugosi is the way to go.
