I think Dolph Lundgren has the potential to be some great action star, a la Schwarzenegger, Stallone, and even Van Damme. He had a few great moments in his career, but he also made poor choices, which is certainly one of them, though later in his career. The strange thing about Jill The Ripper (or Jill Rips ... or Tied Up) is that I honestly think they seriously thought they were making a challenging and serious excitement? It shows the way they describe it on IMDb, on DVD, in the commentaries, and this movie is not serious. To name it will be a great understatement. The film is trying to be complex and intelligent if it is nothing more than level, confusing and free. In addition, they put Lundgren, who is known for action films, in an effort to play a serious role that makes it even more champion because his series as an actor is fairly limited. The whole movie revolves around the kinky sex world and yet they try to make it a serious thriller? Just the plot and premise make it a B-Movie Porn right away. <br /> <br /> Dolph Lundgren plays a disgraceful former policeman and angry alcoholic Matt Sorenson who decides to play detective when his brother is killed. I mean the many plot holes that Lundgren freed, to investigate crime scenes, and witnesses and all the others, though he is no longer a policeman, and you still have a little strange and rather brilliant performance by Lundgren. Danielle Brett is Lundgren's ultimate love interest and his brother's widow. Brett plays her role well enough, taking into account the screenplay and the camping story. The supportive role is huge and no one stands out unless it is on the negative side, such as the absolutely horrible performance by Victor Pedtrchenko who appears to have been through a lot of different names in the film, with a terrible accent and is very horrible villain. . <br /> <br /> I honestly tried to watch and watch the mystery and movie, but there was no reason, as it was all a stumbling block of ridiculous plot and free sex games, including a straight , ridiculous, hilarious scene. where Lundgren goes under cover and clips upside down next to him. To explain how classic and well done this movie is (sarcasm ... sarcasm) the back of the DVD I picked up (it was really cheap), Lundgren's character called "Murray Wilson" (not the name of his character) the movie.) While Lundgren somehow manages to watch, the movie falls flat on his face to be serious. Director Anthony Hickox's consideration is notorious for the actual B-Movie Horror movie. It just makes sense, even though I think he was really serious. Hard core Lundgren fans will have to see it ... no one else ... should definitely ... for any kind of secret or tension. 10/03
