It's one of those movies in which people keep saying "It's a good idea!" about the worst ideas you've ever heard. Then they act on them. I like that. This photo is harder than any 3 dozen Seth Rogen projects. Well, so is SHOAH. <br /> <br /> Since the 1960s, Gojira movies have channeled their own story stories, but this one goes further. What can you say about a culture that is prepared to rape its own sacred cultural icons for fast money? This travesty offers a WW2 suicide brigade on "the last of the Marshall Islands" weapons to a dinosaur who drove the American Marines away. Then the Japanese inexplicably decide not to fight the last man, and rather place the area annexed by this giant lizard on their behalf. They go back to the mainland, where one of them becomes a business garden. <br /> <br /> Then it becomes complicated. <br /> <br /> Blonde men of the future, excited about not yet healing male baldness, come back in time in a kind of flying saucer to ask a failed writer and celebrity for their help Eliminating Godzilla before destroying Japan. The "help" is doubtful because all these 1992 citizens are back in 1944 to watch some closed-circuit television, but hey, they shot the script. You would think the Japanese would know better by the 90s than trusting people in spacecraft. Fortunately for Nippon, the white guys - you can say they are American because they say "nucyaler" - is wrong by returning in the time that one Japanese girl has left in the future. In a touch of ancestor worship, she issued their duplication after drawing a flying duct-signed suit to a Sailor Moon backpack. Out of these traveling, fashion-handicapped Caucasians, just jealous of Japan's impending economic imperialist takeover of the known world (in the 22nd century, Japan will buy Africa, which sounds more than a liability than an asset). This blonde in stuffed chintz fits with nonfunctioning ties and excess zippers wants to replace Godzilla with King Ghidorah, who will destroy all Japan except Tokyo. A strange choice, but Toho is known to be out of the way not to build the Tokyo skyline again. <br /> <br /> Sure enough, we are becoming the alternative spectacle of Fukuoka ("my garden city") and another so far unpainted-by-rubber monster metropolitan areas being 1/3 of a flying gold metal flake Hydra ruined. In a surprise revelation we are informed that King Ghidorah was created from puppets left in the microwave for too long. Godzilla also does his part of demolition as the movie winds down. Wait - have the spaceship blasphemers Godzilla not already destroyed? Yes, they killed him in the third line. But no one expected the 1992 Japanese to have a secret submarine filled with nuclear missiles. "Ha ha, don't worry. We don't like it in Japanese waters" - with which a new Godzilla starts from the bones of an old man. dinosaur. Just they don't have to, because a leaky old nuclear wreck has made Godzilla again. Oh, and Godzilla finally gets to Tokyo, reunited with his old army mate in a sad moment of tear recognition. They looked in each other's eyes and Godzilla nodded as if to say, "Do this, man." The tycoon nods in understanding. Godzilla then blows him up. <br /> <br /> I must also mention here that, in order to prevent Godzilla's evil self from destroying its destiny and Japan, the future Japanese girl goes back to the future to ask for help from - yes - a bare white man. Probably because he favored her as the only Asian character of the 23rd century, he agreed to build a Mecha-Ghidora and to send it back to the 1990s, so that these two giant monsters, together, can fulfill God's fate and Japan destroys. The girl driving Mecha-Ghidora struggles to control the joystick. <br /> <br /> This Godzilla pack design is very guilty of the Sumo - his thighs are foolish enough to double. for Rush Limbaugh's, and his stomach and chest are thick and ponderous. But there is more explosion masonry in this picture than in most of his adventures, which is for many. Also has a man similar to Robert Patrick who plays a killer robot. Yes, in the future the robots will also have bare spots. Plus Megumi Odaka, whose role as Micki, the only Japanese girl ever with ears larger than her Disney namesake and a acting style, is even bigger than that. It's not her fault: many Japanese directors feel like a seventy foot screen is not quite big enough to show the emotion of a human face. I have a few who have done for Japanese television, and I can tell you, they are pushing you to go for it. They claim their writers in the same way. Thank God.
