Is there any other period covered in television (or the media in general) so extensively in the 1960s? No. And do we really need another trip through that turbulent time? Not really. But if we have to have one, should it be as level as the '60s? <br /> <br /> I like to think that co-authors Bill Couturie and Robert Greenfield had more in mind this two-part miniseries than eventually led, especially since Couturie's involvement with the beautiful HBO film " Dear America: Letters Home From Vietnam, which used little original music and no original footage, let the images and sounds of time speak for themselves. This presentation splits file images with dramatic production, but no one favors doing too much too much time too much; Like so much of his ilk, it is seen from the point of view of one family. But the children of the family seem to be involved in virtually every major event of the 60's (it's amazing that one of them doesn't go to the Rolling Stones gig at Altamont), which looks less like a drama and more like A Cliff Notes version of the decade. <br /> <br /> The creators rush so much that there is little or no time to give the characters any character, with the stick figures depicting our protagonists from the ages at a time - the children's dad is especially clichéd - and then when they are back at BLAMMO! this is something else. Garry Trudeau can teach the filmmakers something or two to do this kind of thing right. In fairness, Jerry O'Connell, Jordana Brewster, Jeremy Sisto, Julia Stiles and Charles S. Dutton give their material to the old college, but they are being wasted (especially the last two); it is undoubtedly good to see David Alan Grier in a rare straight role as activist Fred Hampton, and Rosanna Arquette (in an unknown como in part 2) is always welcome. <br /> <br /> What is not welcome is how "The '60s" drown the soundtrack with so many period songs that ultimately reduced its minimal effect (and this may be the only time that a US TV presentation on post-60s America never call the British invasion - no Beatles, no Rolling Stones ... then again, there are just as many songs you can watch in a soundtrack album, right?) To fight it, The 'American Dreams' and 'The Wonder Years' made it much better, nothing to see here, you can't see elsewhere, people ... except that Julia Stiles makes it, it's.
