The premise for Circle of Two is an intriguing one. A forbidden love between a sixty-year-old painter Ashleigh (Richard Burton) and a fifteen-year-old girl Sarah Norton (Tatum O'Neill); and the question of whether such a relationship is acceptable given society's standards. However, the problem with Circle of Two is that it does not fulfill its promise. Director Jules Dassin and Hedley had to have more thought in the script. When I watched this movie, I expected to learn something new about love and sexuality. Instead, I had boring dialogue, a useless lecture on art, outings where Sarah was more fun with Ashleigh, and a closing tone so artificially that his emotional impact was lost. This writing makes good actors look bad. So one can imagine how the movie's problems are further aggravated by the largely amateurist role that Jules Dassin gathered. Tatum O'Neill was not in her element. I didn't believe for a moment that her character, Sarah, was in love with Ashleigh. Her performance was superficial, like a competitor in a beauty contest. It was as if she had forced herself to be happy, when the script asked her to be happy, and to be sad when the script asked her to be sad. The only scene I kept with her was in the end when she didn't say anything at all. It was probably the closest Tatum's Sarah Norton, has ever become. But Tatum was not the only one guilty. Richard Burton's Ashleigh did not have the charm, the charisma and the complexity of even attracting women of his own age, let alone a fifteen year old. The rest of the role was also dishonest. Even their argument was inconclusive because they were waiting to take turns. Who does this? Michael Wincott as the jealous ex-friend Paul was probably the best thing in this movie, but his role was small. To be fair to the actors, Dassin's direction leaves everyone; But it's also true that a good movie goes beyond the screenplay. Kubrick's Lolita did it with James Mason and Sue Lyon; Konchalovsky's Runaway train went beyond convicted Jon Voight and Eric Roberts. The directors of these films also knew how to use music to dramatize their films and reveal something about the characters in them. Despite his own score (a combination of Antonio Vivaldi, Carl Off and Bernard Hoffer), Circle of Two never succeeds. <br /> <br /> Finally, the idea of ​​a forbidden love story between an elderly painter and a teenage girl is a good one, but its execution in Circle of Two is terrible. In many ways it is a pity that a controversial Lolita-type story? Which most movie directors prefer to avoid for obvious reasons? has no longer received intelligent treatment; that a script that the actors would like to rehearse was not written; those actors, who were dedicated or had the talent to really make their characters, could not be found; and that director Jules Dassin (who did so much better with films like Rififi and Topkapi) did not need to put down his foot and say: "Before we do any filming, we must reconsider the love story and renew the script "The only silver lining is one of an intelligent film about an older painter and a teenage girl who falls in love can be made one day. If such a movie ever appears, it will definitely come for control, debate and questions for many years.
