Looking at Floored's idea of ​​Love, almost immediately comes to mind: "My god looks like a very bad sitcom." Sure enough, it seems that FBL is a pilot for a series that could start this fall in Canada, poor poor Canada. <br /> <br /> Cara (Shirley Ng) and Janet (Natalie Sky) are a lesbian couple living in Vancouver. Janet has already come to her mother, but Cara's parents are still in the dark about their daughter's homosexuality. However, the pressure is in itself when the parents come from Malaysia for her younger brother's wedding. The same week British Columbia legalized gay marriage. With Janet wishing to get married, Cara has to decide if she wants to tell her conservative Chinese parents whether she is gay. Will she? Would she? Can she? Cara's situation is in contrast to that of Jesse (Trent Millar). At the age of fourteen, Jesse declared his homosexuality the world. His biological father Daniel (Andrew McIlroy) will be visiting soon. His stepfather Norman (Michael Robinson) fears that his chances of finally being accepted by Jesse are being harmed by the fact that Daniel is homosexual and he is not. Will the 1-800 Makeover help link? <br /> <br /> The dialogue and delivery comes straight from a lesser 1950's program along with the exaggerated physical emotion. The Full House Style Melodrama is enough to make you shake from time to time and the efforts to largely fail the comedy. McIlroy, Millar & Sky are the only artists who approach the power of this wrong calculation, but since the material they work with is not surprising that no one impresses. It is possible that the camp was deliberate. It often looks like there is no way the artists really are so bad that they try to imitate the inferior sitcoms of the days. If so, this review should probably be rewritten. The rewrite would focus on Floored by Love, which is a poor and inefficient release of old sitcoms. <br /> <br /> Author / director Desiree Lim has compiled a by-the-mix mix that is completely forgotten. There was a time when only an openly gay protagonist had enough to make a mark on the screen. That time is gone. On this day we also need quality.
