I sat by this movie, expecting a thought-provoking, fact-based movie. But instead, some of the least thought arguments against the Christian faith were given. For example, in an effort to prove that Christianity is inherently violent, the narrator constantly calls the bible without giving context and thus changing the meaning of the text. Jesus is quoted as the command of those who do not obey him. In fact, the quote is from a parable Jesus said. It includes a king who is then quoted. So the narrator makes it look like Jesus is saying one thing when he actually tells a story where one of his characters says it. It is dishonesty in a very clear form. Is that really what the atheist has to offer the world? This film also seeks to use the success of Christ's Passion over Jesus Christ: Superstar and the last temptation of the Christ as proof that Christians are bloodthirsty. He does not mention the fact that the Passion was the most historically accurate Bible film to date. He does not mention the fact that it was actually best as critics of the cluster. He then shows in a series of violent images from the Passion as if he were hammering his point. Ironically, he does not mention The Texas Chainsaw Massacre that came out a few months later and plays violence for entertainment, as opposed to dramatic effects. <br /> <br /> One thing that really bothered me was his mockery of people who actually knew More about the subject than he did. All the Christians he questioned were an average foam in the car park of Billy Graham's New York Crusade. Atheists he questioned for the film were remarkable writers and scholars. He asked the Christians how the Christian movement began, and of course they said it started with the Holy Spirit coming to the disciples at Pentecost. What is correct (Acts 2). He then gives the comment, "is it not funny how few Christians seem to be the origin of their own faith?" and continue to explain that the apostle Paul began Christianity after being stopped on the road to Damascus. The poor chaff seems convinced that Acts 9 before Acts 2 happens. More deception? Or is it just ignorance? He also threw nonsense around Paul not believing that Jesus was a real person. Are you joking? 1 Corinthians 15 describes Jesus' death and resurrection, which by men (whom Paul mentioned in that passage) testifies that the Corinthians question whether they are in doubt! <br /> <br /> There are many other examples of how full of the crap is this 'documentary'. But because I don't have time or patience to go in, I will strike straight to the end. It is clear in the whole movie that the narrator has an emotional vendetta against his education in the church. And the climax is HIS CHILD PRINCIPLE! In a final attempt to condemn the Christian faith, the narrator tries to make a fool of someone who kept him as a child. Is that an intellectual documentary for the Atheist community? Certainly there are intelligent Ateis filmmakers out there who can make a documentary that is not a load-made crap like 'facts'.
