First, I have to say that I don't believe in God (if you want to use the word atheist, well, but I don't like the word, as it describes what I am not, not what I am), but I hate This "documentary." The production values ​​were not close, the appearance was very shaky and the whole thing was an exercise in Brian Flemming's uncertainties. <br /> <br /> The production values ​​were terrible and Brian Flemming is at best an amateur director. The narrative sounded like he had just told the film in one shot, and he didn't practice at all. There was room for many umms and pauses when he had to speak in the movie. animation was also pretty damned. <br /> <br /> The whole idea that Jesus is a mythical character is not taken seriously by historians and biblical scholars. As I said earlier, I do not believe in God, and I do not think whether Jesus is a real man or not, says nothing about the existence of God. My personal view, Jesus was probably a real man, but he lived in a time when there were many masses (see tollian apollonius) and that the stories of his life and preaching were blown out proportionately, the farther from his death came off. According to the Wikipedia article on the historicity of Jesus (and there is a good quotation of this, it is rubbish). "Almost all scholars in Biblical studies and history agree that Jesus was a Jewish teacher from Galilee who was considered a healer, was baptized by John the Baptist, accused of being rebellious against the Roman Empire and on command. from the Roman governor Pontius Pilate was condemned to death by crucifixion. "[1] At the end of the documentary, I asked if it was more about the director's uncertainties than anything else. I asked if he was trying to convince himself more than anyone else. The most prominent example of this is the final interview with the principal. He is not even brief about it. The way he is bombarding the teacher is unfair and while I agree with the director, those hell-fire teachers are a bad thing. The way Flemming confronted the principal was just uncomfortable to look at. Flemming had the chance to have a good conversation, if he was talking more about his interview. Instead, he comes out aggressively with "it's not bad to teach children these things." The man cut the interview short and I mean, what did he expect the head to say, "Oh yes, I see it, I saw the light, it will now be a secular school?" Flemming seems to be getting revenge for what he feels was a wrong thing he did in childhood. It's not about the documentary, it's about Flemming's uncertainties and has nothing to do with the alleged subject of the documentary. Flemming shows what he really is doing here, and that is the real downfall of this so-called documentary.
