One of the most popular rental opportunities at my local video store is not Borat or The Departed, but a 2005 Jesus Christ documentary called The God Who Was Not There by director Brian Flemming, an ex-Christian Fundamentalist. Flemming, in his 62-minute documentary, claims that Jesus was not a historical figure, but a legend based solely on pagan traditions. Using interviews with authors, philosophers, and historians to crucify the long-standing Christian faith that Jesus, the son of God, lived among men, they were resurrected. Flemming compares the story of Christ with that of cult figures Isis and Osiris in Egypt, Dionysus and Adonis in Greek mythology and Roman secret cultures such as Mitraism and finds many surprising similarities. <br /> <br /> In addition to his evidence of pagan cults, he also states that the earliest sources for the Christ story, the four gospels, were written forty or fifty years after the date of Jesus' crucifixion and that the letters of St. Paul not prove that Jesus is a flesh and a blood figure. Flemming, unfortunately, is not doing a solid investigation into the truth about Jesus' life, but only using the subject as a point of departure for a full gas attack on Christianity and all religion. Most of the interviews are with those who are philosophically aligned with the director, including beloved atheists such as biologist Richard Dawkins and author Sam Price. The only Christians questioned are those on the brink, such as Scott Butcher, creator of the website Rapture Letters.com, and Ronald Sipus, head of the fundamentalist Village Christian School, who Flemming attended as a boy. <br /> <br /> Like Michael Moore's interview of Charlton Heston in Bowling for Columbine, his interview with Sipus is so controversial that Sipus runs out in the middle. In a sarcastic tone, Flemming tells us how wrong Christianity was wrong about the sun turning around the earth, and then pointing to atrocities committed in the name of Christianity, such as cult leader Charles Manson who killed 11 people and Dena Schlosser, who cut her baby's arm off for God. He also explains a statement from a book by LaHaye and Jenkins that says Christians "look forward to the day when all non-Christians are cast into a fire, cry and scream." To further us against Christianity, Flemming shows our extensive cuts from Mel Gibson's Passion of Christ, describing every scene of violence and torture in detail. What could have been a serious conversation about a very interesting subject eventually becomes a childish rant and a controversy against all religion. In the process of condemning those who used Christianity to use unspeakable deeds, he ignored such people as socialist Muriel Lester, a well-known Christian pacifier, Rigoberta Menchú Tum, a Mayan Indian of Guatemala who helped the Find revolutionary Christians and receive the Nobel Peace Prize. Recognizing her work for social justice, and Mother Teresa, whose work was about respect for each individual's worth and dignity. <br /> <br /> His most narrative argument is his comparison of the Christian doctrine with the pagan cults and he does some good things, but Flemming does not tell us that while some aspects of these cults may seem to be Christian teachings, there is another 300 texts or sources for these cults, long after the New Testament. It is also important to mention one big difference. The immediate purpose of the initiates was a mystical experience that led them to feel they had union with their god. It is a promise to Christianity who believes that a church hierarchy including priests and bishops needs all the way to the pope to interpret God's will for mankind. <br /> <br /> Although I'm not a Christian and I doubt whether Jesus Christ was in fact a historical figure, the truth is that it doesn't matter in the long scheme. What is important is that a message has been introduced to man and spread throughout the world that contributed to man's spiritual evolution. Regardless of the distortions and crimes that were later committed in his name and there were many, Christianity was a doctrine of compassion and love and a moral and ethical code that promoted respect for our fellow human beings. <br /> <br /> While I applaud the fact that the film was made and that a taboo topic was discussed. It is very much needed, it is not another divided effort to use religion as a field of fighting, but to see it as a common thread that can bring the world's people together. While there is room for debate and discussion on religious subjects, in the words of Annie Besant, "spiritual truths are best seen in the clear sky of brotherhood and mutual respect. The God who was not there is only recommended to those who The idea of ​​a good time is to dirty the religion of others.
