Let me start by saying that I totally agree with the basic thesis of the film, that there was probably no historical Jesus and that Christianity is a shame. With this said, this film does a pretty poor job of proving the thesis. It makes good arguments - the gap between Jesus' theoretical life and the writing of the Gospels, fulfills only through the writings of Paul, which does not indicate a historical Jesus - and then convinces them completely. It makes broad statements without presenting the evidence on which the statements are based, and it ignores resolutions against arguments offered by Christian excuses. The intellectual dishonesty, emotional manipulation and lack of serious arguments are obvious and beautiful. The only Christians we hear in the film are the head of the filmmaker's old school. He came down like a reasonable, rational person trying to handle a twist with a slide on his shoulder - and several Christians seemed to be random. a parking lot. I'm sorry, but to reveal that average Christians don't know much about their religion is not exactly damning evidence of the deception of Christianity. You can also claim that Jay Leno refused the existence of Michael Dukakis on his Jay-Walking segment. The interviews with experts can be interesting, but the film is too much filled, let's be honest, the movie maker is just snarky. Within the first five minutes, the movie Jerry Falwell has already coincided with Charles Manson and the authors of the Left Behind series with the David Davidians. And in the end, the film becomes so self-centered that there is no rational argument left, just an evil, former Christian who blames the people and places he blames for his excited childhood. Yes, maybe the movie is interesting, but it is wrong in a documentary about the historicity of Jesus, and it is so congratulations to expose any sympathy. It's a Michael Moore movie without the humor or the film skill combined with a Richard Dawkins book without the white or intellectual rigor. Skip it.
