Eleonora, the Italian born, inherited from her late lover Karl, an ultra-modern and isolated house in the middle of the forest. It is winter and she meets Leslie, the mysterious caregiver, who eventually not only looks at the house, but also those of Eleonora, as she tries to adapt to her new environment and growing appeal between the two. <br /> <br /> What did I expect? A thriller indeed, but it wasn't quite so. It's just the ad on the package for you! I'm very confused about everything. The title, the story and the motivation. So how to classify it? Well, this wooden character drama is more of a mysterious, cheerful romance-bound story of alienation, possession and dependence that is turned into a complex passionate relationship of two masked individuals. Co-author (along with William Dafoe) and director Giada Colagrande's art house film is just too clinical, far-fetched and calculated with his mysterious metaphorical story. That makes you question what it really means? Though when she makes a sudden conclusion, you will think why I should really care. What we are going through feels aimless with a sprawling outline of dead air focusing on insignificant details and images. Sterile dialogues can have contributed to many uncomfortable developments, but more so make it an empty experience as it is never deep enough. As it does, it means. The sexually salty activities that are filtered never convince and are far from erotic. They are kind of a bump in the already sluggish flow. The basis of the plot makes for something interesting and fresh, but it has never been fulfilled and I thought there would be more if it was all urgent. Colagrande's direction is professionally stylish and pretty gloomy to make her think, but everything feels like it is slowly moving and can be trapped to admire the same views. Most of the action stays in one place? the House. Camera work is very stiff, but the stinging musical score can be a bit ridiculous if it comes to some dramatic solid music modes that served little purpose and purpose for the screens. Giada Colagrande plays it sensually and William Dafoe sleeps part. He looks dog tired! While Seymour Cassel is occasionally pushing his head. <br /> <br /> Only where is it going, is anyone's guess. Well, that's if you can wait for it. I think I give it the benefit of the doubt, because it's definitely not what I expected from this India movie.
