I respect Alex Cox the movie maker, I really do. He is like the child at the school you initially think, just trying a little too hard to be different, a literary punk rocker who has exhausted his feet in spaghetti western and science fiction and culture. The world is ready to take over ... but then you see what he can actually do, the talent and raw feverish works of art and moments of true absurd hilariousness that he is capable of and you are ready to see what he has to offer. . But there are two sides to his proverbial coin: he can really hit it out of the park (Repo Man, Sid & Nancy, Walker probably) or just try to make a little too hard and too much pretentious rabbits out of the hat draw (straight to hell). Death and the Compass fall into the latter category, and while respecting its (mostly) original approach to tackling a detective-killer story, it also falls on its face and its strange strangles become dull. <br /> <br /> It has a funny setup and already irregular style to follow: a detective, Erik Lonnrot, is after a killer with a bright fire voice, Red (something), and it seems that killer ignores clues with his victims: In the blood on the walls, messages witnessed by witness Alonso Zunz (Christopher Eccleston looks as if he just walked off Shallow Grave without changing his appearance) are in the Kabbalah religious meaning. We follow Lonnrot on his case, and his methods of going to the perplex, which include a triangular and then compass-shaped pattern on the map - this despite the protests of the flabbergasted commissioner Treviranus (Miguel Sandoval), whatever Looks back in the forwards, sits at a desk and speaks to the audience in mess, but sad descriptions of his previous employee and colleague after the fact of the matter. <br /> <br /> Oh, Cox has his moments of creativity and interest, like a shot where we see the full extent of the sad depths of the police station where Eccleston's character is captured by handcuffs ("for his own protection ", Lonnrot says if he gets lost in the wrong room) and we are followed in a long tracing shot - perhaps the best or just curious - where we are taken by very dark passages with very little direction, in the maze of turns and peculiarities under lose the characters. And it is never something that is not fascinating to look at, with Miguel Garzon's cinematography a morbid delight. But the plot goes through hoola hoops to cut things off so well that it can be just as good. The performances, except for a confident Boyle and Eccleston, are really bad, especially Sandoval, who just looks in his seat, who is the goofy dialogue ahead of him to talk to the audience. <br /> <br /> While the murder plot itself contains an intent for the audience, it's not something we've seen before, it's in a society with a large number of sewers and architecture that Alphaville's next decreasing wave proposal. It also expires very quickly. What is the conflict here? I was never so much busy with Boyle's own personal mission to find this killer, and only slightly trapped in the few flashes of depraved scenes of the killer (and / or murderers) to people like in the building early on (Cox himself itself an amusing cameo). And just when I started thinking, it led to something spectacular, with Boyle and Eccleston in that big ("not as big as you think") in the southern part of the city, it suddenly gives us a "TWIST" "We know coming in the back of our minds, but hope is not, and it exposes any of the humdrum riddles it has caused. For all of Cox's unpleasant touches as a movie maker, for all his opposition to the obedience with a conventional approach I respect, Death and the Compass ultimately cut aside at the brainstem; this is masturbator.
