The name Uwe Boll is automatically linked to a bad horror / cult cinema and every new movie he released? what is about two, three a year ?? always receive negative ratings and harsh criticism. In fact, you're almost tempted to think it's just a modern hype. You know, as it is popular to hate Your Boll or you like his movies or not. Let me just assure you that this is not the case. Uwe Boll is a terrible writer / director and is frankly a threat to the entire film industry. "Seed" is another very unfortunate proof that. In this, Boll tries so desperately hard to be so controversial and shocking that he looks forward to several other elements that any film should consist mainly of, such as a plot, a narrative structure, character development, tension building? "Seed" is a boring movie, full of freeze and unauthorized material. I once read that "Seed" was Uwe Boll's interpretation of the current popular horror trend of torture porn movie, but it's not even close. Indeed, the movie borrows a few influences from "Saw" and "Hostel", but basically it's just another seventeen dull skater with an indestructible killer and video game violence. <br /> <br /> The first 45 minutes of "Seed" is boring and actually just confirms all the obvious things you already knew. For you see, Boll was foolish to start his film with a (hyper-fast) scrolling text stating that there is a federal US law that claims the deadly prisoners should be released as three attempts to explode them, failed. So you know it will happen later, but still the first three quarters are wasted to catch a serial killer and bring him to the electric chair. Seed is a dumb serial killer who supposedly killed 666 victims (exaggerate?) Carrying a bag over his head. He looks at cruel footage of really living animals (and so we see the cruelty of real life, thank you for Mr. Boll) and video people as they slowly break down in their basement (including a crying baby who is very sick and twisted) ). When he is finally caught, the film is slowed down even more by the most amateur and indisputable police force ever filmed. After he was buried alive because the electric chair could not roast him, Max Seed crawled back to the surface and continued on a brand new murder tree; this time focusing mainly on the people who arrested and executed him. <br /> <br /> Turning the senseless plot and complete lack of story depth of this movie is just bad; They are directly offensive and offensive to the intelligence level of the average horror movie fanatic. Multiple twists and subplots in "Seed" are simply impossible to accept due to the reasonably functional human mind because they are just too stupid! No one believes that police and prison staff will only bury a mass murderer in life without first shooting a few dots through his head. No one will accept that a refugee can be convicted for another six months, even though he goes straight back to exactly the same place where they first caught him! "Seed" is full of delayed little things like this and the movie gets thinner with every minute of passing. Personally, I refuse to accept that the cast & crew did not notice it either. It really makes you believe that Uwe Boll simply neglects all the advice and criticism, and just stubbornly watches his films as he wants. I imagine she screams things like "keep and do as you are told" to his actors when they notice that the scene they shoot doesn't make a good sense. <br /> <br /> Just for the pleasure of upset people, there is a huge elongated sequence where Max Seed kills an elderly lady with a hammer while sitting in the middle of her own living room. tied. Instead of shockingly, as Boll meant it, this sequence is masterfully described as pathetic and wannabe controversial throughout the film. "Seed" is terrible, it's disgusting, it's spicy, that's ?? Boll.
