"National Treasure" (2004) is a thoroughly wrong hodge-podge of plot disturbances that lend almost every mantle and dagger government clause ever written. Movie Starship Nicholas Cage as Benjamin Franklin Gates (how precious it is, I ask you?); a seemingly normal man who decides to steal a 'national treasure' hidden by the American ancestors, for no other reason than to be a similar sensible fortune hunter. After a bit of the subtext and background that legally (inadvertently) plays like Indiana Jones to The Patriot, the movie degenerated into one wrong whimsy after another? try to create a 'Stanley Goodspeed' excitement from Nicholas Cage and propose the all-out quarrel with a series of high octane but disconnected misadventures. <br /> <br /> The relevance and logic of having George Washington and his motivated crew of patriots bury a king's ransom all over indigenous land, and then, go through the meticulous plan to leave the clues being spread About the entire US currency artwork, something that director Jon Turteltaub never gets straight to explain. Couldn't Washington use better for such wealth at the start of the country? That is why we are left with a riddle built on a mystery frame, which by the time Ben names himself a new custodian of this unprecedented wealth. Ben's intentions are noble? as confusing. He is protecting the treasure. For whom and when? Your guess is as good as mine. <br /> <br /> But there are some problems with Ben's crusade. First, his friend, Ian Holmes (Sean Bean) decides that he can't wait for Ben to make his mind steal the National Archives Declaration of Independence. (Oh, yes, brilliant idea!). Presumably, the back of that famous document holds the secret answer to the ultimate fortune. So Ian tries to kill Ben. The murder attempt is, of course, unsuccessful if it is too melodramatic. It also offers Ben the opportunity to pick up and pick up the very sultry curator of the archives, Abigail Chase (Diane Kruger). She thinks Ben is clearly a nut? at least at the beginning. But where's the action / romance form, Abby's decision melts faster than you can say, "is it the Hope Diamond?" The movie moves in full X-File-ish mode, as the FBI, mistakenly believes that Ben is behind the theft, falls back in several benign ways, resulting in a multi-layer of action series reminiscent of Mission Impossible meets The Fugitive. Honestly, do the guys never get "intelligence" information that is correct? In the final analysis, "National Treasure" is not a good movie production, as it is a patchwork of tired old bits of other movies woven from pieces, like IL 'Betsy Ross will blush. /> <br /> The Buena Vista DVD delivers a much more generous treatment than this movie deserves. The anamorphic widescreen image shows a very smooth and fine-detailed image with very rich colors, natural meat colors, solid blacks and clean white. The stylized image is also free of blemishes and digital enhancements. The sound is 5.1 and delivers a nice sonic revival on your side and back speakers with intensity and realism. Add-ons include a host of promotional jersey material that is fairly deep and over-the-top in explaining how and why this film was made. If only, as hearing, we got more clarity about why Ben and co. afterwards was an unfortunate treasure, it was perhaps a good movie. Extras include the theater trailer, audio commentary and deleted scenes. Not for the weary? just the dick.
