I watched this movie last night on one of the pay-per-view channels, and while I saw it, I quickly wondered why I was bothering. In all honesty, I really expected something more from this movie. Maybe something according to the conspiracy theory. Why? Maybe because of the casting. I mean, Nicolas Cage and Harvey Keitel. Not to mention Jon Voight and Christopher Plummer. Now I wonder why they bothered? But instead of an exciting action with a mysterious drama, I was caught up in a surprise of a grin, a 'The Goonies', which to my surprise seemed to have been truly critical. Perhaps this is because 'The Goonies' are clearly targeted at pre-teen and teenage audiences. While a National Treasure, according to the previews, was seriously meant to address an adult audience. <br /> <br /> Suspension of unbelief is one thing. That's how you can enjoy sci-fi and horror. But I found myself heaping tablespoons of paranoid and conspiracy-laden teasing that moved against the audience. Oh, the scriptwriter threw all the jargon to evoke a sense of serious involvement. "Wow! The Masons. The Knights Templars. You know, it can really be true!" I think the writer really lost me when Gates said the founders hid the treasure to keep it out of the hands of the British! And where were the Knights Templar from? New Jersey? Oh, I forgot. From France! It is a long way to explain how it ended up in Philadelphia during the Revolution. It was brought there by Napoleon's agents! Anyway, you see what I'm getting at. The assumption of the movie is interesting. And I really think it could have succeeded as a serious mystery drama. But it comes just like another child in adult clothes. In the end, I think it asks the audience not only to suspend suspension, but to deliberately ignore him to an abusive degree. <br /> <br /> I just watched several items by Werner Herzog and Istvan Szabo. It's a shock to switch from fine dining to Hollywood Big Mac and fries. <br /> <br /> All right, okay. If you lean over fox, explosions, and give-whiz gym, you'll enjoy 'National Treasure'. But that's the kind of movie, have you ever been waiting outside of a theater to come in while the previous audience comes out? And all the young kids talk excitedly and say things like, "Wow! Did you see that thing blow up? It was so cool!" 'National Treasure' is that kind of movie.
