John Carpenter's career is over if this sad excuse for a movie is any indication. His excuse is that he just made it. Jon Bon Jovi looks like a girl. In fact, Bon Jovi and the two Vampire girls, Natasha Wagner and Arly Jover, all fit in the same clothes. In short, it was difficult to say which one is better in an anorexic ramp type. Bon Jovi has the most charisma. At least he looks happy when he smiles. The two Vampires on the other hand are all cramps and complaints. At one point they'll give each other a wet kiss, but stop. Surprisingly, every Vampire movie has some morays for the various vampires. At one stage, Arly Jover offers fellatio to a very stupid Vampire Hunter and then sucks his blood while doing the sex action. It would have been an erotic moment, except that it was filmed as a total goof, and the male actor looked lightly amused as he watched Arly Jover move her head to imitate something that clearly didn't happen. In terms of gore, a few heads are cut off, and the blood flows a lot. These scenes have so little tension or buildup that when it happens, it's almost funny, and there's no "horror" pay point of the scene. All you as a member of the audience is a feeling of "Wow, it was definitely a very red paint play on the walls. I wonder who should clean it up." In the course of the movie, these Vampire Hunters, who obviously try to kill Arly Jover (the world's top vampire), hold out to her. At one stage, Bon Jovi goes to the abandoned Church and after just shooting her with an arrow (and this has done otherwise), he says: "I'm not trying to hurt you. I just want to talk to you. want to get to know you. "HUH ?? Of course, the dumb vampire Arly jumps out to say hello and Bon Jovi holds her back with another impulse device. "Why can't we be friends" in the 1970s hit the song by WAR had to have been the theme song for this movie. Apart from all the other stupid moments, there is a transfusion sequence when Natasha Wagner has removed all her Vampire blood, and the village staff are all about to donate blood for her transfusion. I think blood type is not important? Anyway, all her vampire blood is removed. Bon Jovi then decides that if that blood is transferred to him, he can hit Arly by also becoming a vampire. Of course, if the vampire blood is transferred into it, none of its healthy blood is removed. So apparently Bon Jovi is having twice as much blood as any person in his body can have. And like the first VAMPIRES, this one also has the special effect of the vampire-in-flames.
