Live Feed is somewhere in an unnamed Chinese / Japanese Asian district, like five American friends, Sarah (Ashley Schappert), Emily (Taayla Markell), Linda (Caroline Chojnacki), Mike (Lee Tichon) and Darren (Rob Scattergood) night on the town and its attractions. After a whim in a pub with a Japanese Triad boss (Stephen Chang), they decide to watch a porn theater as you like. Inside, they are separated and you quickly find that the place of the Triad boss uses it to torture and kill people for reasons that are not made clear. Can the local boy Miles (Kevan Ohtsji) save them? <br /> <br /> This Canadian production is co-written, produced and directed by Ryan Nicholson, who also gets a prosthetic effects designer credit. Feed is another reasonably low budget shot on a video camera horror movie that looks as if it only applies to the fame and success of Hostel (2005) and the mini-rage for "torture porn" as it became known. According to the IMDb's "Trivia" Live Feed Author and Director, Nicholson wrote it after hearing about some activities that take place in live sex theaters. For my money I think he wrote it after watching Hostel! The writing is pretty poor, there is no basic reason why this porn theater has a big, thick ugly freak dressed in bondage equipment, and torturing and killing people. Was it for the Triads? Was it for his pleasure? Was it to sell snuff movies? Some explanation would have been nice. Also why did he turn on the Triad boss at the end? If you're looking for a coherent story movie, you'll forget about Live Feed. It was a kind of awkward misdemeanor of sex, S&M, horror, torture, gore and action movies that didn't come down. I just mean to place a horror movie in a porn theater, won't automatically make your movie good, there has to be a decent script and story right? The character was fairly poor clichés and some of their actions and motivation were more than a bit doubtful. It moves at a reasonable pace, it's pretty messy to mix gore, sex and nudity, but it looks cheap, which reduces the effect. <br /> <br /> Director Nicholson does nothing special here, the editing is messy & annoying, it seems he thinks lighting almost every scene with neon lights is a good idea and the movie has a cheap look at it. Available in both 'R' and 'Unrated' versions, I have seen the shorter track 'R' version which is actually not that good, but I'm prepared to give the benefit of the doubt to the 'Unrated' version and say it might be Lots, much more greedy, but I can't say for sure. There is also a righteous nakedness if it is your thing. I won't say there is much of an atmosphere or a lot of scares here, because there aren't and aren't, though, though it does have a shrewd tone in general. This is something that supposes it to me. <br /> <br /> Technically Live Feed isn't terribly impressive, the blood seems a little too watery for my taste and whole scenes bathed in annoying neon lights sometimes make it difficult to tell what is happening. It often looks as if it is on the hand of the video camera and the cunning editing at least on the 'R' rated version is sometimes an annoying mess. Shot in place in a real porn theater somewhere in Vancouver, Canada. The play is poor, sometimes I couldn't tell if the actresses in this were supposed to cry or laugh. <br /> <br /> Live Feed is not a movie. I would recommend someone to drive out and buy or rent, I didn't think much about it because it is very poorly predictable storyline that has no breakdown and doesn't go anywhere, poorly acting and less than impressive gore (at least in the 'R' rated track anyway). See if Hostel movies again or instead, because they are better.
