First, the actor they have to play, has Jesus, blue eyes. Half of the actors they play have blue eyes. Aren't there enough brown-eye actors out there? Jesus is portrayed as blue eyes, one of my pets. He was a bloody Jew! Secondly, what about old English language films that are supposed to be in non-English-speaking countries, and all have English accents? (Another example is David Lean's "Dr. Zhivago") Are there not enough Jewish actors or actors who can do an Israeli accent? The film is often not true to Scripture, and it seems to be the legitimacy of Jesus' claim to the Messiah. In the Bible, when Jesus is baptized by John, a voice comes from heaven saying, "This is my beloved son in whom I am pleased" (Matthew 3:17, Mark 1:11, Luke 3:22). In the movie John the Baptist says it! The scriptwriter tries to portray the believers as well. For example, in the Bible, the angel Gabriel tells Mary that she is pregnant with the Son of God (Luke 1: 26-38), but in the movie we do not see or hear an angel - Mary seems to speak to a moonbone , and when Mary's mother heard her talking and talking to her, nobody heard and saw. Also in the movie, when Jesus speaks to the Pharisees in the temple in Jerusalem, he says: "You will not see me here again until you learn to cry:" Blessed is he who is in the name of the Lord come 'For my father and I are one and the same.' The correct line (Matthew 23:39 and Luke 13:35) is: "You will not see me again until you say," Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord. "" Period. Jesus never claimed to be God. The movie cuts out many important parts (the Sermon on the Mount is widely spoken), but spends a lot of time on things not even in the Bible (a whole scene with Mary Magdalene speaking to John). It seems as if the scriptwriter, instead of wanting a movie version of Scripture, wants to make a movie about what he really did happen behind the scenes. However, the movie has one jewel. In the scene where Jesus tells the parable's parable, at Matthew, the tax collector's home, I streamed tears on my face. This is the best movie I've seen about Jesus' ministry (but it doesn't say much, because the other is just terrible). "Jesus Christ Superstar" is my favorite movie about Jesus 'last days ("The Passion of Christ" is too graphic), although I love how "Jesus of Nazareth", instead of just Jesus' death, continues and resurrects .
