Scary Movie 3 is not as funny as its predecessors, but it still has its funny moments. It all starts when moving reporter Cindy Campbell walks out to find a tough news story in the middle of television. She soon discovers an excessive onslaught of world-threatening developments, including alien invaders, killer videotapes, freaky-crop circles and more. Faced with conspiracies of massive relationships and a crew of very strange people pursuing her, Cindy must fight to prevent evil from taking over the world again. The plot is not a problem here, as the first two were much less plentiful. This time, they focus on Signs, The Ring, Matrix Reloaded and 8 miles, as well as many others, just not as much as they previously mentioned. The first was (imo) one of the funniest movies I've ever seen. The second one was not so good, but rather funny. The third is generously pleasing, but it is nothing special. Let's just say that I don't mind seeing it once, but I wouldn't want to see it again. The jokes are either hit or miss and the funny one usually involves Charlie Sheen. The lame people usually involve Anthony Anderson, because he is overstated. Why he keeps throwing is unclear because he is not funny. Anna Faris gives a funny show and she is also kind of underrated. Simon Rex shows some potential as he was not so bad at all. Regina Hall also comes back as Brenda and she gives a very funny show. The rest of the role play was almost a lot of camel. Jenny McCarthy and Pamela Anderson probably have the funniest scene from all the cameos. In the opening series, spoofing The Ring and the scene appear to be the more enjoyable children in the film. Denise Richards, Queen Latifah, Camryn Manheim and many others also cameos. David Zucker is not, and while it's not another aircraft, it's not another of my boss's daughters. It is useless to really analyze straight comedy as the most important thing people want to know when it is funny or not. As I said before, if you do that, you probably won't like that much. In the end, I found it a little disappointing, as the PG-13 rating weakens it, but it can still be enjoyed. Rating 6.3 / 10
