I was initially disgusted with director Sun-Woo Jang because I felt he was cheating on me. Jang had the potential to create a strong, deeply emotional film about sex and its effects on people, but rather to focus his strength on the pornographic element more than the real human element. I couldn't even see the characters and his messy introduction that combined both realism and cinema was at its best amateurist ?? Yet, this film remained in my mind for days after watching it. What remained with me was not the story, it was not the characters, nor was it the seemingly pornographic nature of the film, but the transition that Jang demonstrated between Y and J. If you watch this movie carefully, you will see it both start in an exploratory phase of their relationship, eager to jump into the unknown, but not the next step. As they continue to meet, explore new paths of pleasure, they constantly jump between the aggressor and the aggression. Yang initially explores the idea that J is the one who is in charge of the situation, then spooky, reverses when J is obsessed with Y. It's a very small change, and because of the graphics content of this movie, it can easily be missed, but it's there. It seems to be clear near the end when J can't live with Y, as their meetings are getting less frequent and J is trying to become part of normal society. It was a great and very exciting element for this movie to see right in front of you, but unfortunately it was the only element of this movie that was worth seeing. <br /> <br /> I will ignore those talking about this movie as nothing more than pornographic, because there are human elements at the heart of this movie, as underdeveloped as they are, they are there. It's a film about a facet of our lives that is rarely investigated in the cinema or spoken in the newspapers. What happens behind closed doors is never known ?? or so we must believe. While the act itself repeats itself a bit, the director tries to change it slightly with a constantly changing landscape. Our characters constantly move from hotel room to hotel room to throw their thirst for each other's flesh. It's fun at first, but again, Jang's repetitive streak seems to be boring as exciting. This leads me to the biggest problem I have had with this movie. Jang had a good story with Gojitmal, but where (outside the obvious choice to focus directly on the pornographic side) he took scenes, repeated them repeatedly, without changing for us to leave us come and know the characters. Where was Jang with this movie? Did he need the sex to tell the stories, or did he believe the characters would? He failed in this sense because by the end of the film we know so little of Y and J that we can give less how they solve themselves. The end seems to be almost random at best, as Jang is trying to make a final decision for our two, absolute strangers, of this movie. I have to give Jang credit to try, but not much. He tried to create some sub-stories that would create the personal element we lack, but they just couldn't fly well together. J's brother and J's wife were those plot points, but again because he focused so much on the sexual element, these stronger sub-stories are irreparably and rightly sowing. Maybe it was just how I saw this movie, but outside of the sexual scenes, nothing else worked together. We didn't know anything about J and Y and that's why Gojitmal failed. <br /> <br /> Lastly, I would like to say that this movie could benefit from a strong score or a very remote music genre element to do this brings us, the viewers, closer to the emotions that J and Y feel . From what I can remember, and I'm trying to print this movie far from my mind, I don't remember any musical undertones. Gojitmal can be a stronger movie if you have styled it with music or done something to refer to our character's beings. As I understood he wanted the generation to speak for himself, there was only one technical element missing from this film that could exert a stronger desire for more. Technically, it was a poor movie. Clearly, an independent film of nature, it feels more like director Jang has tried to make symbolic references out of nothing rather than your typical independent of this nature. I haven't seen so much of a social message or human element as mentioned above, but I just felt he threw the movie in two weeks and understands that sex will sell it enough. It wasn't Larry Clark's production; it was sub-par and definitely needed some technical clicks to develop it stronger than the final version! <br /> <br /> Overall, I think I could keep this movie and there were smaller elements I enjoyed, but I felt this movie was rushing, repetitive and played too much against the taboo instead of to break. The obvious pitfalls of this movie can be seen through the last scene of this movie as we realize how the title of this film was created. Our characters were insignificant, our story was underdeveloped and we could have used something memorable to make what happened between Y and J in something more symbolic than sex. For me, Jang tried too much to meet a house that met pornography? and this failed. It was not a movie worth making. <br /> <br /> Degree: ** from *****
