What is here? Let me tell you. This is the presence of (Alec Baldwin). He's not a good actor, but maybe a good star with good movies, it's not one of them. He did nothing more here than he did before or after. Not to say (literally!) Is the case of (Steve McQueen) in the same role in the original because I don't want to make the comparison in the first place. I'm not a big fan or even a fan of (Kim Basinger), she has many bad movies on her and even at her best she looks average! And it actually gets on my nerve when they talk about her seductive rare beauty !! ?? Well, if you want to be a blonde, make someone so engaging that I have my hair in yellow as soon as possible! And what about all the madness about Miss Basinger's Legs ?? !! This is probably madness or bad tasting? As I do not see them both as not only sexy, but also uncomfortable! And if you hate it, shoot me like that, but you know what? I just watched this movie, so I'm already dead! Still, what would make you really unbearable is that none of the credits go to the one she deserves the most? And of course I mean (Jennifer Tilly). Now we're talking about a real, real seductive chick with such a memorable body and a unique sense of saturation like a nasty brunette (Marilyn Monroe), but much more healthier! (I can't help it, she was the only new and visible thing in it!). (Michael Madsen), because the bad man was very attractive and effective more than the good guys, (James Woods) is here to summarize the early events next to the pool (so the trailer will be his voice later!) And he knew before all, it's a whole Hollywood thing, so "Do your thing, take your money and happiness as an actor in other movies!", the editing has given the movie a serious personality, along with violent atmosphere done by suitable shiny cinematography. Its main goods (The action, The excitement, ..) are made here and quite well, although any echo for deep meaning (the kind of betrayal), since the main dramatic motive of the whole thing is not so strong don't wait for it no. OK, it's all in a different remake without something special (except Jennifer Tilly's spicy moments!), So I think I've tried so much goal so I couldn't finish my review and said (Basinger) or someone here did better. as this movie. It would be an insult because it is honest. Anything is better than this movie!
