Famous movie maker Freddie Francis (Glory, The Elephant Man) directs this pretty bad horror / drama movie. 19th century England has a different view of how the practice of medicine should be handled than dr. Thomas Rock, the law stating that only the bodies of pending criminals can be studied and experimented. But the stock of these bodies is a small one, and Rock needs more - and he prefers them more. Being a maverick inside his circle, he begins to pay people to get bodies for him to study and test. Desperate sleazebags Robert Fallon and Timothy Broom get wind of this job and start killing people and selling these bodies to Rock. Of course, this kind of action has even worse consequences than exercising on the bodies of non-criminals and leads to problems for everyone. While the overall story sounds like paper, everything about the doctor and the demons is laughing badly. <br /> <br /> After the first fifteen minutes of the movie, you have already started your decision to sit down to watch the movie. The whole look of the movie is just ugly. To see how the movie takes place in the slums of England during the 19th century, filmmakers are likely to look ugly, but they don't do it in a good way. Everything from the sets to cinematography just looks cheap, weak and disgusting. Also, over everything, the scene is filled with something you simply cannot take seriously, and most of the time it does with someone (both small and big roles), do something that looks or sounds completely ridiculous. Francis probably didn't help many of his actors. <br /> <br /> Jonathan Pryce and Stephen Rea play the distorted friends of the movie, Fallon and Broom respectively, and are very bombastic but very bad. Their characters are naturally crazy, but Pryce and Rea persuade the parts to death. They especially bother to keep the same accent of shots - especially Pryce goes from Cockney to Irish to Long John Silver to a kind of lagoon creature and so on and so on. It's also a humor riot to watch Twiggy in this movie, let alone play an in-demand street whore, as she can't act to save her life (although her song is not so funny during the final credits) is not). Boy she probably came a long way: from "flower power" to "I'll take the clothes off for a shillin"! "Just as bad as these three actors are in this movie, Julian Sands takes the award for the worst performance of the film. He is just as lame as it gets, and gives one laugh-loud effort to the other for anger, love, portray happiness, anxiety - choose an emotion, any emotion! <br /> <br /> There is only one good thing about the doctor and the demons: Timothy Dalton's performance of Dr. rock. movie water, Dalton is quite excellent, an electric portrayal of an exaggerated but good, natural man, but the rest of the film could not have been as good as Dalton.
