I can appreciate what Barney is trying to achieve, but after spending the night at a college movie house, I couldn't help but when will it end? A very long and dubious two hours and fifteen minutes. I just saw part of Cremaster 3 on DVD and thought I knew what to expect. That being said, experimental films like this are better consumed in small increments. There are some beautiful / horrible images ... including the title series (no joke), but if you are expected of any kind of plot or meaning in this, you're in for a long, snooze-inducing ride. I managed to stay awake for the whole thing (if it is a compliment), but more often than not, I waited for some sort of meaning or story ... big mistake. Under the collection of images is a very delicate gift game, the creation of a disgusting dish of what appears to be petroleum jelly shaped with a cookie cutter and sprinkled with shrimp (served to the crew of the ship shown throughout the movie ), a large cherry block with a great tent roof in the middle and the mutual statement of Bjork and director Matthew Barney, which eventually culminates in a bizarre kind of communion, followed by their transformation into whale creatures. The soundtrack is sometimes beautiful and annoying ... sometimes even malicious. At one time there is a song that is being sung by Bjork to go along with the ephemeral rituals that are played before us, and other times there is only a constant drone of a high instrument that we see a mysterious woman playing. at the beginning and end of the movie. If it sounds, it doesn't make sense, it's because it doesn't! If it sounds like your cup of tea, you will absolutely love it! If it sounds like something you probably won't like, then stay far away from it, as you'll probably walk out of the theater during the halfway mark like several people at the show I attended. This is the definition of an art movie. You get what you take from it. But otherwise there is not much, except for some peculiarities and constant construction and deconstruction rituals. I'm glad there is a place for movies like this, but I can't say I want to go through it again. However, I cannot say that I do not want to see one of Barney Cremaster's films coming from the beginning to the end and comparing it to it. Maybe I think now that I know what I can expect to enjoy. To give you an idea of ​​what kind of concept factor this movie has, I would probably have been better off if I got stoned. Then it could have been twice as long, and then it would have been really unnecessary. Definitely not for everyone.
