Winter Kills is a terrible, disjointed and very disappointing conspiracy comedy thriller by little-known director William Richert. As I watched the movie, I honestly felt like I was the emperor in the classic fable The Emperor's New Clothes. The movie made me feel like a fool, because I couldn't make head or tail of the snake-like plot and the stupid characters. But I was ashamed to admit that the film ties my brain into knots. So I held it to the end, hoping that the whole tangled debris would disrupt him. Then I realized .... the movie is SUPPOSED to be snake, nonsense and illogical, because that's the whole point. It is a satirical look at conspiracy theories and theorists, with the knot of the plot being used as a metaphor for the knot of truths, half-truths and lies that define any conspiracy. Even when I got it, was joking on me, I still felt Winter Kills being a very horrible movie. <br /> <br /> Young Nick Kegan (Jeff Bridges) is the younger brother of a former US president murdered in Philadelphia. Nick is present when a dying man claims to have shot the president and provided detailed information on where he hid the gun. Nick follows the clues, but every step of the way people help him looks dead in mysterious circumstances. Also, his father, Pa Kegan (John Huston), a vulgar and disgustingly rich businessman, interferes with Nick's investigation. The deeper he plunges into the assassination, the more Nick realizes he is descending into a web of complex lies and red herring, where nothing is as it seems and no one can be trusted. <br /> <br /> The movie is a complete nightmare to follow, and in many ways it is not worth trying to follow for the aforementioned reason it intentionally engages itself. The movie is full of extraordinary talent, but most of them are wasted. Toshiro Mifune has one of the shortest and most useless role in film history; Elizabeth Taylor appears unreasonable and does not have a single dialogue; Richard Boone is given what seems to be an interesting role, but his character goes nowhere. John Huston has the best role as the powerful patriarch and gives us the movie's few fun moments with his sharp delivery. Anthony Perkins also gets a creepy roll and handles it well, although his screen time is far too short to do the right thing. Some nudity and sex scenes are not thrown into real life, and they are really graphic and can appeal to voyeurs. They really belong in another movie. The film's semi-comic climax is over and disappointing, but paradoxically memorable in its strange little way. Of course there is a cult heard there somewhere for Winter Kills .... but I won't count myself under his number.
