Changed species begin one Friday night in Los Angeles where dr. Irwin (Guy Vieg) and his lab assistant Walter (Allen Lee Haff) burn the midnight oil as they continue to try a revolutionary new drug called 'Rejenacyn'. As Walter wins the latest failed attempt in the basin, the pipes leak the florid green liquid into the basement where escaped laboratory gears start drinking. Five of Walter's friends, Alicia (Leah included in a very catchy outfit, including cool boots she gets a gear with a rat,), Gary (Richard Peterson), Burke (Derek Hofman), Frank (David Bradley ) and Chelsea (Alexandra Townsend) decides that he has worked too hard and needs to get out so they plan to take him away and party the night away. Back at the lab and the cleaner Douglas (Robert Broughton) was attacked and killed by the now murderous rats in the basement when Walter injected the latest batch serum into a lab rat breaking it out of the cage as it grows at an incredible rate . Walter's friends come up, but he can't leave while the rat is still missing, so everyone helps him find it. All six become potential rock food ... <br /> <br /> Also known as Rodentz Altered Species is co-edited and directed by Miles Feldman and has very little to recommend. Producer Serge Rodnunsky's script is poor and coupled with the general clumsiness of the production as a whole. Changed species are really lame. For a start, the characters are stupid, annoying and cliché. Then there is the original plot with the mad scientist, the monster he created, the secluded spot, the stranded human thrown and the mandatory final confrontation between hero and monster. It's all here somewhere. Changed species move at a fair pace that is just about the best thing I can say about it & luckily it doesn't last that long. It's basically your average running killer mutant gear, and not a particularly good one. <br /> <br /> Director Feldman movies like a TV movie and the whole thing is completely soft and forgetful while some of the special effects and attack scenes leave much to be desired. For starters, the CGI rats are terrific, the attacks have a handy jerky camera movement and very quick changes to try and hide the fact that all the rats are only passively sitting there. In different places in Altered Species, the rocky bears must shake because of the rotten movement, but you can clearly see all the rats sitting there just as someone shuts off the cage. The gigantic monster at the end looks pretty poor because it's just a man in a dodgy suit. There is no scares, no tension or atmosphere and since then cellars have clear neon lighting? There are one or two nice pieces of gore here, someone has a nice big messy hole where their face has been. There is a cut arm and deapit, a lot of gear bites, someone with an eyeball coming out and a dead mutilated cat. br /> <br /> Technically Altered Species are substandard throughout. It takes place within the boundaries of one building, has cheap CGI effects and low production values. The acting is not too much, but it is not too bad and a special mention to Leah Rowan as Alicia, because she is a babe and makes Altered Species just a little nicer and easier to watch ... <br /> <br /> Changed species are not a very good movie, it's actually a bad one, but I think you can be worse. Not big, but it might be worth a watch if you are not too demanding and have nothing else to do.
