Nell Shipman had to pay a huge amount of money to promote the Maxwell's off-road capabilities. The plot of the movie is pretty simple, Nell plays a writer who has a bad case of writer's block and needs inspiration, so she will visit Mexico to absorb the atmosphere. There she meets the hero (Bert Van Tuyle), a cowboy who prefers to drive a car rather than riding a horse. While visiting Nell with her father's partner at his mine camp, a gang of local bandits kidnapped her and brought her deep into the desert to their camp. The hero had to come to her quickly, so he decided to ride in his car. This is where the film takes a strange strife. Bert continues to ride on every terrain imaginable, large rocks, small streams, heavy brush, rough tree trunks, steep slopes, and so on. For most of the film we see this car struggling to crawl over obstacles. Note, it's not a modern ATV, it's a 1920 Maxwell car, so it looks much out of place as a field vehicle. And it clearly has limitations on some of the terrain it encounters, and we see it more than once in this movie. But the filmmakers have made an effort to show that they have the chance and eventually have overcome all the obstacles. As soon as the hero arrives at the hidden camp and saves the girl, he jumps with her into the car and drives with the bandits in the pursuit (on horseback), and at this point it became hysterically funny to me. To see how this car slowly rolls over large rocks, dug into gravel and mountain brush, goes forward and back to gain momentum to pass the fallen tree limbs, the bandits had to have enough time to catch up. But they never do, although we have to believe this wilderness, are rushed all night through the night. And in a turbulent climax, the car climbs onto a mountain and helps Nell and the hero push a huge stone to the side to wipe the pursuing bandits. <br /> <br /> After watching this movie, you would think the army should invest in Maxwell cars in 1920, as they clearly combined better off-road capabilities than Hummers and Bradley tanks. Just look at this movie, it's just worth hugging Nell to the car grid and saying, "You've chosen your best, brave car"
