to make a movie group - I'm definitely amazed at the number of positive comments this miserable movie has gained. I can't credit it, but can't otherwise be suspicious of the critics Annette Bening is giving to an Oscar; the hole in the kitchen ceiling can be more appropriately attributed to her landscape cold. She's a great actress, but it's an unfortunate, unbalanced performance, because the essential quality film actors have to explore the cadence of the screenplay and maintain it for the duration of the incredible madness that a movie shoot is. <br /> <br /> I don't want to get married. Miss Bening or most of the other artists are guilty. Well, Gwyneth Paltrow has no excuse for her muzzy work, because it is a terrible adjustment, a classic case of mistranslation (I'm willing to accept. I didn't read the book and don't think I'll do it later) . The writing puts us in the midst of the irreconcilable behavior and the extreme emotional distress of mystifying characters who did not develop relationships with us or each other. It quickly becomes a huge excessive tsunami-like attack that looked bad characters and audiences and made me look like a survivor who shook my head at the detritus left behind at the end of each recurring episode. Shock and awe would describe my reaction to the devastating, bipolar mood swings between ranting and oulose sensitivity. The latter is described by one of the most annoying, manipulative, droning soundtracks I have heard. This is when all of this is not set to ridiculously uncomfortable tone - periodic things, you know, but chosen with an astonishing disregard for the plays. <br /> <br /> How this fine cast was thrown in this I don't know - I can't believe they've seen the screenplay before they are signed. They applied their skills with dedication. I felt so sorry for the wonderful Jill Clayburgh who was plastered with a cartoon ladies costume and wig, trying to make in vain something of meaning from a sketchy and clicked dialogue. In contrast, Alec Baldwin somehow rises above the material to deliver a consistent, nuanced, real-world performance. Can anyone give this man a lead role, please? And how about Rachel Evan Wood - or Joseph Fiennes? You'd think the industry could better utilize it, and without appearing as hirsute as Elliot Gould in M.A.S.H. <br /> <br /> My voice? An uprising, that's right, but no connection with heaven.
