When attempting to kill the Emir of Ohtar, an Arab potential visit to Washington, D.C., saved his life by a cocktail waitress named Sunny Davis. Sunny becomes a national heroine and media celebrity and as a reward a job is presented to the Protocol Department of the US State Department. Unknown to her, the government department officials who offer her the job have a hidden agenda. <br /> <br /> A map we see shows Ohtar on the borders of Saudi Arabia and South Yemen, in an area of ​​barren desert. known as the Rub al-Khali, or Empty Quarter. In real life, a state in this place would have a virtually zero population and virtually zero strategic value, but for the purposes of the film, we must assume that Ohtar is of great strategic importance in the Cold War and that the US government Who wants to build a military base there must do everything they can to keep the good side of his ruler. It seems the Emir has a fancy for the handsome young woman who has saved him and has reached an agreement with the State Department. they can have their base, provided he can have Sunny as the latest addition to his harem. Sunny's new job is just a ruse to ensure that the Emir has further opportunities to meet her. <br /> <br /> A plot like this could have been the opportunity for a spectacular satire, but the movie's satirical content was actually burned down. Perhaps in 1984 the American public was not in the mood for messy satire on their country's foreign policy; It was the year in which Ronald Reagan carried forty-nine out of the fifty states in the presidential election and his hard line with the Soviet Union clearly came with voters. (If the film was made a few years later, in the aftermath of the Iran / Contra relationship, the tone would have been different.) <br /> <br /> The movie is not so much a satire as a vehicle. for Goldie Hawn to show her brand of gift and charm. Sunny is a typical Goldie character, beautiful, lovely, naive and not too bright. However, there is a limit to how far you can go alone with slenderness and charm, and you can't automatically make a bad movie just by making the front character a stupid blonde. (Actually, it sounds more like a recipe to make a good movie a bad one). Goldie tries her best to save this one, but never succeeds. Part of the reason is the inconsistent way her character is portrayed. On the one hand, Sunny is a lovely innocent girlfriend from Oregon. On the other hand, she is a 35-year-old woman working in a thin bar and wearing a revealing costume. The effect is rather to think that Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm grew up and worked as a Bunny Girl. <br /> <br /> The more important reason Goldie cannot save this movie is even the best comedian or comedienne is no better than his / her material, and "protocol" is simply unsuitable. Whatever is humorous is tired and tense, depending on offensive stereotypes about Arab men who seem to be all out for Western women, especially when they are blond and blue eyes. In the mid-1980s, there was a lot of this kind of thing, because it was the time that the terrible Ben Kingsley / Nastassia Kinski movie "Harem" had seen, about a capricious oriental ruler kidnapping a young American woman. the mini-series with the same name that told a virtually identical story with a period setting. The filmmakers apparently realized that their movie would not work as a pure comedy, because eventually it became a kind of the latter "Mr Smith Goes to Washington". Sunny changes from a blonde bimbo into a lot of political wisdom and begins with all sorts of platitudes about democracy and the Constitution and the burgher's duty to vote and we the people and how the price of freedom is eternal vigilance. Blah blah blah ???? But in reality, the film is no longer as successful as a political parable as it is a comedy. <br /> <br /> Goldie Hawn has made some good comedies, such as "Cactus Flower", "Overboard" and "Houseitter", but "Protocol" is not one of them. seen, but from those I have seen, this boring comedy is by far the worst.
