Using tons of stock, not just from Trader Horn, but also the first two movies in the series (for example, the alligator battle was used last time), it is one of the worst movies in the MGM series. It is a major departure from the classic Tarzan and Sy Mate which may be the best movie in the series. <br /> <br /> The plot came in Jane's cousins ​​into the jungle to tell her that she had inherited a fortune if she would come back to claim it. They are kind of in bondage since the family member who left her cut the money out of the will. Hire a big white hunter, who secretly wants to catch and sell Tarzan, the heads in the jungle where they come in the usual jungle problems (more due to the stock image). After much talk, Jane decides to go back to civilization and we get long lines of Tarzan and Jame who make kissy face. Lastly, in the last half hour, the plot to capture, put into effect, and things become interesting, as plans go wrong and things look very dark for everyone involved. <br /> <br /> Painfully boring film is clear evidence of a troubled production. The film appears to be composed of several different films with the first half hour playing as an almost exact repetition of the previous movie. The middle third shows signs of stretching out and having plot lines that eventually went nowhere. The last third where Tarzan is caught and the party endangered is the point that the movie finally comes to life (it also shows signs of graphic violence that had much of the need to shoot the movie). For me it is a wonderful wonder how the series managed to continue, as this movie is not very good (except at the end). I will have a hard time explaining this, except that I should say it was the relationship between Weissmuller and O'Sullivan as Tarzan and Jane, who held people back. It is a beautiful active pairing and is actually one of the screens, good couples. <br /> <br /> (I must also mention that this is the point that the movie has become less real and more fantastic with the appearance of the Tarzan tree house.) I love the first hour or so of this movie a lot and find it a great waste of time and energy. If you can come to the end, I recommend trying the movie. Otherwise, I would just overshoot the whole movie and go to the next movie in the series.
