In the small American town of Meadowvale, Dr Anthony Blake (David Gale, the IMDb list for this character is wrong, it is definitely Dr Blake not Dr Blakely) the director and founder of the famous 'Psychological Research Institute' and also the host's local TV program called 'Independent Thinkers'. He uses this TV show to hypnotize viewers and commit their acts of violence. Dr Blake has the help of a big brain with an evil face that uses the spinal cord as a tail. Usually, the brain just sits in a tank, eats mice and the strange bad actor, every time it eats someone, it gets much bigger. Meanwhile, local high school has caught talented but tough teen Jim Majelewski (Tom Bresnahan) to put Sodium in the toilets. Jim was sent to the PRI for Dr Blake for help with his attitude and behavioral problems. While there dr. Blake Jim hooked on, well something, I'm not sure what. Whatever it is, is attached to the brain. Initially, Jim can resist the brain's mind control. The brain feels that Jim is a threat to himself and it's plans. Once out of the PRI, Jim starts bizarre hallucinations and drops his car. Jim makes it to his waitress friend Janet (Cynthia Preston and Cyndy Preston), but shortly thereafter, Becker Marks (Harry Booker), dr. Blake's assistant Verna (George Buza) returned. The brain wants to kill Jim, because he is the only one capable of withstanding his mind control techniques. With "Independent Thinkers" the brain does not go anywhere or anything to stop it, it is an evil plan for world domination! Jim soon realizes that the brain controls the whole town and he alone must stop the brain before it takes over the world! <br /> <br /> Targeted by Ed Hunt, who calls himself Edward Hunt, the brain wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. Don't get me wrong because it's not good either. Barry Pearson's script tried to put on satire with the brain and mind controlled by T.V's story. It moves at a good pace and is not too boring. No explanation is given for the existence of the brain, it's just there and that's what we have to accept. The story is a bit bumpy and never explores one single element, there is the TV mind control, the brain itself, Jim is being hunted by the police and his misconduct and several other small pieces here and there including a bizarre revelation about Dr . Blake not explained at all. Production shows this movie looks cheap, and probably cheap. The acting is not good, but I've seen worse, and what does David Gale do in it? In fact, this role is similar to Gale's role in Re-Animator (1985), even to his character's death in both films. The brain itself first comes into a tank and starts to grow when it eats someone and by the end it is quite large. Every stage is made of rubber only. It doesn't look very good and is not scary or creepy, just cheap. There is no blood or gore in it, except a wink and you will miss it. The nudity is provided by dr. Blake's assistant Vivian (Christine Kossak as Christine Kossack) before eating. The brain has a certain entertainment value to me, but I think most people will not like it. Perhaps this is worth a watch if you free it on T.V. can see.
