To say that Thunderbirds is a horrible, forced, in your face, ugly, nasty to listen to and watch painful movie would not say enough. There are only two reasons why I can see why you want to see this movie: 1; you saw Thunderbirds when you were young (as I did) and are curious about what it is like, but you will just look to find out how badly they have confiscated things. Or, 2; You see it with someone under the age of ten. <br /> <br /> Thunderbirds manages to retrieve everything he tries. The list goes on and on, but there are other, more subtle, humiliating things that are painfully obvious when you think about it. Thunderbirds are wrong, wrong, wrong. The whole moral message and 'purpose' are set in a turbulent way. Jeff Tracy (a new layer for Bill Paxton) tells his youngest son Alan that he has not yet proved a Thunderbird after Alan randomly and dumb decided to enter Tracy Island's bowels to fire Thunderbird One. The whole film is then a series of events and fires that consist of Alan trying to prove himself while his father and other brothers are trapped in the space on board Thunderbird. <br /> <br /> The film relies on the actors of the child to wear The film: A 16-year-old Alan Tracy (Corbet), a 16-year-old Tin Tin (Hudgens) and a 14-year-old Fermat (Fulton), the son of Brains. To say that looking at the 'adventures' they get is painful, is an understatement. Often trying to act and use the writing while fighting the evil 'Hood' (Kingsley) in ridiculous indecent and humble ways as entertainment for the duration of the film; it only differs when everyone is in a different place. Also the whole mind control thing was very tiring and basically dragged the movie because it was overused and offers a way for our heroes to see a weakness in The Hood ?? forced and coincidental. <br /> <br /> Nowadays, most of the movie's for kids are trying to integrate some kind of adult stuff, but in Thunderbirds it's done in a way that Lady Penelope fetishise. Sophia Myles plays Penelope and I think it's no coincidence that she's a little older than the rest of the kids? At 24, it's almost too good to be true. Her scenes are often highly accused and bear an erotic print. We see her in the bath, call her neck watch TV; Her butler comes in and snaps a glance as she changes her face with her wet, bare and bubble-covered foot. Regular shots of her massive, bright pink high-heeled shoes that fill the screen during several scenes: This first happens when she is actually tied up with the second happening during a fist fight with another woman! Twinned with this, her bright pink costumes that reveal just enough, but just enough, are exceptionally excellent, such as the way she moves and talks to that beautiful, dominant English accent. sounds like a commanding mistress (well, she is LADY Penelope, and it's better to make sure she calls it.) The whole thing is laughing, but the editing is so quick that the kids won't see, but it's sure as hell is there. <br /> <br /> The real plot of The Hood does everything he just does to rob a few banks, is very bizarre, the characters his bodyguards are: a geeky looking woman and a hard body black getting agitated. Should we be down here? What about the battle scenes? Poorly choreographed stunts and what was hell with the silly noises? It is completely completely liable. <br /> <br /> The list goes on. The way Bill Paxton plays it so seriously, as he said, is one way or another, but it's another, the way Ford's car company slapped their logo. News Bulletin: sponsored by Ford, the camera even underwrites Ford several times when cars get into the shot, how does the CGI look like something from a computer game clip? it's dirty. The fact that we are said to be able to swim a 16-year-old girl in the icy Thames, against the present, saves a slaughtered monorail (monorail over the Thames! save the day all the time she's breathing. It is absolute bull and the makers know this ?? I don't even know if a 10-year-old would swallow it. <br /> <br /> In short: avoid, avoid, avoid. Thunderbirds are dirty, unfriendly, poorly written and even the Rolls Royce has been pulled out and replaced by a flying car? everything that could go wrong went wrong.
