The original Thunderbirds earned a place in TV history. It was and still is much loved. Indeed, the entire first 10 minutes of the Wallace and Gromit movie (the Wererabbit) is a direct lift from Thunderbirds, to a direct repetition of the original Thunderbird 2 launch order (if you don't believe me, the movie and I then get a copy of the original episode where Thunderbird 2 is launched.) <br /> <br /> This movie was a crass attempt to make a children's movie - when the original was loved and enjoyed by children and adults! In the original, the Thunderbirds spent all their time saving people who were often trapped when Mother Nature or Technology went awfully wrong (yes, there were also sometimes criminal acts). The Thunderbirds have endangered their lives and resources for no reward - the essence of heroism and selflessness. There was little physical violence. The Thunderbirds have challenged the imagination to some extent - how many of us would dream of building a Thunderbird 2 someday? And do not underestimate the power of entertainment to do so - many Japanese write their fascination with humanoid robots to the old Astroboy cartoon. <br /> <br /> But this movie was a poor re-imagination of the original. This film came as a report between Thunderbirds and Loony Tunes - I mean, we have Anthony Edwards as Brain that mimics Porky Pig's stuttering ????? Much of the action consists of Kung Fu / Power Rangers type fighting. Indeed, there were funny sound effects when someone was nailed to a frying pan. The technology that fired our imagination was absent. Instead, we walked around these kids, using a plot device that was never in the original range (with the whole team immediately released, with the base of the kids and brain left). Then there was a dose of using the Force Luke mystic that was thrown in when TinTin would deliver something or another, along with The Hood who used aerodynamics that seemed to be "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" has been lifted. About the only thing missing was that The Hood "TinTin, I'm Your Uncle," with a breath mask voice. The heart that made Thunderbirds unique was NO. <br /> <br /> The only bright point was Ron Cook's depiction of Parker - he caught it perfectly. But the actress playing Lady Penelope acted like a child - HUH ???? <br /> <br /> That's why we hate this movie. When someone portrays something that is popular on a fan base and expects the fans to look out for money and then deliver something that is not even close to what the fans expect - sorry, it's simply WRONG! OK, so if they make a kid's movie - fine - it will spread straight to video next time, where many of them belong. But don't pack something in a familiar wrapper and change the inside.
