"Thunderbirds" was an extremely popular sixties show that has been passing on for years and generations to the point that it is still so popular with both adults and children, as it was in its infancy. One would have the opportunity to produce a live-action film with a million pounds of Hollywood budget was an excellent opportunity to revive the series as did Spider-Man and The X-Men . But a horrible storyline and folklore wiped out this event and it was soon clear that everything that was intended for this movie was a trip to the kiddies section bargain. <br /> <br /> Instead of a movie featuring the five Tracey boys, their father and trustworthy spirit. Brain trying to save people and protect the world from villains. Our hero in this fool is a mad and thirty-year-old thirteen-year-old Alan Tracey, fourteen-year-old Tin-tin and ten-year-old brainhair Fermat, the son of Brains (yes, Brains' son, despite being a man who will never be) a woman could have found if he tried, maybe he grew the child into a petri dish). As one can tell by the three main characters, this 2004 remake 'Thunderbirds' was clearly aimed at entertaining only children under the age of twelve instead of calling on a broad age group such as those involved in the much better revival of 'Spider-Man' did. The plot itself was so tiring with clunky, uncomfortable dialogue and poor jokes that probably wouldn't brighten pre-teenagers. The scriptwriter was more interested in ripping 'Spy Kids' (which was strange and original anyway) instead of remembering the show that people know and love. <br /> <br /> Although Sophia Myles and Ron Cook were excellent as Miss Penelope and Parker, they only had about three lines between them so their presence hardly felt. Bill Paxton's Jeff Tracey was just boring and there was only the slightest mention of the other four Tracey boys while Anthony Edwards and Ben Kingsley, respectively, brain and Hood, were only granted. The Hood is not particularly threatening or sinister, but rather occurs as a champion, bisexual stereotypical villain like a rotting lettuce. <br /> <br /> Brady Corbet, who plays Alan Tracey, may be a good young actor, but it was hard to see in a movie where he played a kid that was just stirring, and the same for Vanessa Anne Hutchinson as Tin-tin as most of what she has to do is look pretty and be all for 'Girl Power'. Ironically, it is young Soren Fulton's Fermat who is the only interesting character of the film, as Fulton delivers a natural and relaxed performance. <br /> <br /> The Thunderbirds series will be remembered forever as an excellent show that can prove to be solid achievements! "Thunderbirds" the movie will be mostly forgotten and remembered by some like one big flop.
