I've always thought that most of the big boxing flops have something to recommend, but after the remake of Around the World in 80 Days and Thunderbirds, I doubt it. For those who are not known, it is based on a puppet show about a family of astronauts using the latest rockets, spacecrafts and disruptions around people from various disasters (falling bridges, broken planes, burning buildings, etc.) Save every week. Well, the dolls are over (replaced by many more lifeless teenagers), and so is the point of departure - just one ceaseless salvation and a plot that has spiked Spy Kids without imagination, whiteness or entertainment. Young Alan Tracey feels left out of all the salvation. We never see the other Traceys, because Daddy won't let him play with a real rocket before he passes his exams. Grounded on a beautiful tropical island (a punishment!), Its chance to shine when the rest of the family - a bunch of identical bleachers that look like a gay neo-Nazi boy, without a single characterization between them - is stranded in space and he has to walk through the day, run around the jungle, make a phone call, shoot a snake at the careless comedy relief villains and drunk them in guess for a bad measure. <br /> <br /> The good points are few and far between. One of them is that the film is mostly in focus. The other is that they all have to go to the Seychelles, which looks good. <br /> <br /> The bad points: where to start? Ben Kingsley's career lows performance? The aforementioned infinite comedy relief, which will make the Children's Film Foundation at its worst? The almost complete lack of action or effects in a $ 70m slide film? The horrible writing, the lifeless direction, the boring moralization? But most of all, the fact that the film is so condescending in every way possible. Forget about life lessons and pen sentiment, this is a movie directed directly at the underlookers by people who know they are making a child's movie and constantly talking to their intended audience, in a fifth-joke joke and Throwing routines That would offend most children who first mastered the art of speech. This film can be replaced early on without their meal as parents' favorite punishment for children. <br /> <br /> The biggest flop in British film history (it didn't even cover the cost of prints and marketing) it's just about to watch as it just as an object lessons in how not to make a summer movie don't make it.
