Johnathan Frakes is a good actor and, if he is not a family film, he is a good director. But he really shouldn't have directed this movie, and the script had to be rejected. The director and writers need to understand what the original TV program really is about, who the characters were and how they worked. The original series used many episodes of razor-select writing through good dialogue and with situations that American producers will never consider using in children's programming, much less a movie that received the original series as well by adults. I mean, the Tracys were college graduates and some of them even drank alcohol and smoking tobacco! And there were characters who killed, although most were bad guys. If they wrote it, it was the way it was originally done, which was not obscured by poor dialogue, childhood humor and poor merger. This Universal / Studio joint venture cannot have such bad reviews. <br /> <br /> This movie is almost pure blasphemy. If you've seen the original Supermarionation series, you'll know what I'm talking about! <br /> <br /> The first thing that was uncomfortable and annoying was the constant reference to Ford Motor Company, even so far that Lady Penelope has been driving around in a fabulous Ford Thunderbird that looks like FAB-1. instead of using what would have been more appropriate because of me. Penelope's station (no longer faithful to the original), a ROLLS-ROYCE FAB-1. She is supposed to be a leading member of British society, hence the preference for England's best car carts in the original series. Another reviewer indicated that Penelope would not be killed in a Ford. He's pretty right in the context that the idea of ​​her driving in a Ford doesn't work. At least they could have had a Penelope ride in a Jaguar like FAB 1, since Jaguar is a British car manufacturer owned by Ford, but NO! They had to use a straight FORD! But the Ford product placement doesn't end there. Every single car you may see is a Ford! Even the news flash shown on the TV sets in the movie was sponsored by Ford! Ford, Ford, FORD! The predominance of Ford vehicles makes this movie a prospective Ford marketing vehicle. <br /> <br /> The original series had a design that was futuristic for the 1960s and still remains ahead of its time, even today. But the futuristic design in the original series worked because there was an attempt to make the design look practical and functional. This type of treatment did not exist in the movie, where everything is styled to excess, defeating the sense of functionality and practical skill. Many things done in the design of the movie were done strictly for style, often with no sense of function to give that style a reason for it. <br /> <br /> The original series relied on good acting. voice talent performances to overcome the limited expressions in the dolls and bring them to life in episodes. The brilliant and lively music score by Barry Gray even helped to connect the audience with the story, the characters and how everything came together to reach the super goal (a little Stanislavski talking). The movie, on the other hand, had some noisy performances. Anthony Edwards persuades Brains to make a mistake, Bill Paxton and Jeff Tracy just didn't work, despite decent action (one of the few), there were better choices for the Hood than Ben Kingsley, and many others I didn't care to don't mention it will take too long). Quite simply, the dolls were more credible! Second, Hans Zimmer was the exaggerated generic and overwhelming music score, which sounds more like a mix of "Days of Thunder" and "Apollo 13". <br /> <br /> And of course, the Hood. The Hood in the original series had the ability to communicate with Kyrano through a statue of Kyrano as an outlet for ESP contact. But that was where her extraordinary ability ended. He is a master of disguise and deception, allowing him to sneak unnoticed (mostly in any case) to gather information from the Thunderbirds vehicles for his own means. He also uses weapons for his own defense, including pistols, and usually collects information using a movie camera, although he is Thudnerbirds 1 and 2 in the 1960s United Artists edition of Thunderbird 6 (which is the last Thunderbirds show filmed Supermarionation and was the second Thunderbirds theater release. But while he is a International Rescue nemesis, the Hood is not the villain in every Thunderbirds episode and he tends to avoid direct confrontation with International Rescue. In the film, he is apparently the main villain, but he and his cohorts look more like moroni, along with the Hood who has extensive control over ability, including the ability to move objects and flee for short periods. It is totally different from the Hood as a character in the original series with one who can make children laugh and people who are familiar with the series, scratch their heads or leave the theater in horror. <br /> <br /> There's more criticism, but the 1000 word limit for IMDb reviews won't allow me to list them all. So, I'll close with the point that I didn't enjoy this movie. In fact, I think it sucks! Having seen the original series and Supermarionation movies (Thunderbirds Are Go, Thunderbird 6), I was hoping for something much better than that. <br /> <br /> The original Supermarionation was much more sophisticated and elegant than this vibrant action. farce. (And that says it beautifully.) - Chicken Wells
