I'm not a fan of the Left behind book series - the books are written on a 6th grade level with a lack of research and understanding of science, technology and politics. While the books succeed in keeping to Scripture, their methods of fulfilling prophecy are often ridiculous (an example is their explanation for the Russian / Arab invasion of Israel). Also, the books have an unmistakable preaching tone that will turn off unbelievers rather than bring them to the gospel. Yet I found myself reading these books because of my interest in the events of Revelation. For the same reason, I watched this movie adaptation. I'm sad to say it's a pretty mediocre movie that borders on the poor. Actually, the acting is pretty decent, mostly with occasional pieces of poorly acting and overworking. The writing is pretty bad, although it's almost unexpected when you start with the novel. The characters are poorly signed and underdeveloped. Events are scattered and disconnected. The dialogue sometimes sounds rushed. At least the book managed to escape its hokey conspiracy theory. Here, the viewer is left with a disjointed mess that only makes sense if one reads the book. The pacing of the film is also performed very poorly with the opening and conclusion being extremely rushed and dragging the waist to an insatiably slow trick that makes it feel. The music is schizophrenic. Sometimes it highlights the vote successfully and sounds like a movie. At other moments, it reminds me of sitcom and mini-series music. And other pieces remind me of a poppy MTV soundtrack that just doesn't belong in the movie. I can give the movie points for the panic scene aboard the plane, but that's it. The other scenes involving disasters after the rapture are far from compelling. The film also suffers from the book's preaching, although the message is not quite as it is in your face. Overall, I found the movie as disappointing as the series. It is not the film to turn Christians around. I hope this movie will NOT get attention at the theaters next year. It would be more unnecessary bad publicity for Christianity. For an example of a compelling, intelligent, well-researched series based on Revelation that offers a realistic and Christian worldview without breaking the secular reader (who must be a Christian), the Christ Clone trilogy must read by James . BeauSeigneur. It is a good read and is a much better choice for unbelievers or believers who value quality.
