Never before has the motives of the film makers been more transparent. Let's look: FIRST, they get every willing telangelis to cut this movie as the biggest thing since white bread is cut. NEXT, they encourage as many fundamentalist Christians as possible to buy copies of the film to compensate for its turbulent production costs and increase its advertising budget. And FINANCE, if the movie hits the theaters, get as many Christians as possible to see it again, bus them in multiplexes if needed, NOT on the merits of the movie itself, but because a # 1 cashier opening be seen as a kind of profound spiritual victory. <br /> <br /> But that won't be enough. I think any film critic with the audacity to give "Left Behind" something of a glowing review will be considered "anti-Christian". <br /> <br /> Of course, this scandalous manipulative marketing campaign shouldn't surprise you. anyone. After all, it is good old-fashioned capitalism at work. What surprised me is how many people were introduced into the entire "Left Behind" award. As someone who tries to balance his spiritual beliefs with some reason and rationality, it makes my head scratch. There seem to be many, many people who actually believe there will be a "rapture" in the near future, and that millions of people across the Earth will disappear into the air at the same time. What kind of reality, I wonder, are these people in? Is this "Rapture" something they really believe, or is it something they really want to believe? And when they reach the end of their lives and realize that this "Rapture" has not occurred, will they be disappointed and disillusioned? Will there be people who insist 100 years from now that the "Rapture" is at hand? <br /> <br /> In a way, I almost wish that such an event would happen! What an interesting day it would be! What would be even more interesting is that the Apocalypse would take place in a more spectacular way, but not the anthropological sense depicted the authors of the "Left Behind" series, but more like a Stephen Spielberg production, with vibrant clouds, angels descending from the air, the moon went to the blood, all nine meters. Imagine that it has all come true, just as the evangelists have been warning for years, and that there was something more than the cold, hard, physical reality we occupy. Wouldn't that be something? <br /> <br /> Yet, in the final analysis, it's the cold, hard, physical reality with which I will satisfy myself. My life is not so meaningless that I need the fear of a "rapture" and the "end times" to make it all understand. And I also don't need Heaven or Hell to embrace or frighten me to act right. Thank you very much. much.
