It's been a while since I first saw it, and I watched it again with the second movie in the series. While I realize there is a 3rd movie I haven't seen before, I will review under the original title ... <br /> <br /> Just from the point of view of production value, screenwriting and movie making, this movie fails many levels, although it also succeeds in a few. What can you expect from a low budget, "B" movie? Not much, and it works from the point of view of production. However, the writing is definitely inconsistent, with little character development ... exactly what I would expect if there was a movie agenda. I didn't have a problem with the acting ... the cast is solid; But the script in both movies gives the actors little opportunity to really stretch themselves. Because the film is 'Christian', it is predictable, as you cannot portray violent chaos of the 'end times', without even breaking the ethics normally associated with Christianity. In other words, the error comes in making it into a G-rated movie when the content, even in the most conservative of Bible interpretations, will be rated R by any measure. So, if the purpose of the movie is to scare people in the Christian faith, then the movie should be a little scary, right? However, you cannot comment on a movie adaptation from a book without commenting on the book or in this case series of books. There is definitely a lot of Christian material worthy of being filmed in movies ... but not the "Left Behind" series ... and these movies eventually fail because they're best-selling novels based on poorly written novels is on bad theology. <br /> <br /> As a South Baptist minister, I confess that the books were a guilty pleasure for me, although I still had to complete the last two books of the series. I have described them as decent fiction, and if the books take the view that it is a "possibility" or interpretation of the subject of biblical eschatology (study of the "end times"), I can live with it. , this series is divided into Christian circles because it promotes the "literalistic" interpretation of all Scripture above a more proper hermeneutics. This inevitably leads to the pre-trib pre-millenial dispensation stance, which is a mundane, powerful God too much by the world of humanity. In other words, as I have always said, God doesn't need our helicopters and bombs to do his ultimate job. But because many people, especially uncontrolled Christians, cannot think of world views outside their own, we are left with a pro-conservative, fundamentalist interpretation of Bible interpretation, and attempt to push it as the "only" interpretation. <br /> <br /> The books therefore carry an agenda, not so much to understand the "lost" their need for Christ, but to declare that the fundamentalist viewpoint is the only valid way to understand. I remember many (many years ago) a scene in which the characters refer a person left behind because of his non-compliance with this position. as if 'right' Christians are worthy of being 'stepped down', another eschatology may not be possible. It is disturbing for various reasons, the least of which is because a "rapture" is only briefly mentioned in Scripture and is related to the real, end-time prophecy at its best. <br /> <br /> But the real problem With these books comes the way they divide the Christian community and how they portray "true" Christian behavior. Eventually, I feel they are hardening more people into an otherwise legitimate faith / religion instead of winning people with it. It transforms all Christians into caricatures, equally disrespectful and laughing around the world, despite the fact that there is theological space for a wide variety of beliefs in Christian thought and practice. As a Christian body in general, we've done enough of the kind of damage to society over 2000 years of history ... and we certainly don't need to promote it to thousands, maybe millions more. <br /> <br /> The "Left Behind" movies therefore fail because the "Left Behind" books are not worthy of being interpreted in movies.
