The legend of Bloody Jack is in the Alaskan wilderness and begins as a relative of some murderous deceased occult Lumberjack reading incantations (The Evil Dead (1982) style) from an ancient book in an effort to stir him up, he succeed and is not a great family member, the Lumberjack man kills his family member. Two days later, Ray (Travis Quentin Young), along with his sister Dawn (Erica Hoag), her boyfriend Nick (Craig Bonacorsi) and four of their friends, pulled out of a cozy wooden cabin (The Evil Dead style ...) with a view of a relaxing weekend in the wilderness. Unfortunately, the killer Lumberjack dude is showing off with his ax and starting to beat the friends one by one ... Edit, write, perform and direct Todd Portugal, this is a fairly outdated modern slasher Flick who loves what killing the horror genre for me, I'm just not a big fan of ultra low budget horror movies with the production values ​​of a holiday video. The writing is absolutely horrible in all respects for 80 minutes, it has every bad slasher cliché, the character is terrible, the dialogue is awful and it's hard to care for anyone or anything in this beautiful, dignified excuse for a teenage treasure. The teens are even more annoying and stupid than usual, the writing is more moronic, predictable and flawed than usual and the killer Lumberjack man is just lame. Then there are the last 10 minutes or so, which, if you make it so far and believe it is difficult, delivers one of the worst quarrels in film history. As for me, it's fun to have the paying audience for us. just had to put through 90 minutes of effort. I'll spoil the end now, so someone who doesn't want to know, stops reading now. Actually just before the end of the movie, cut it back to Ray and tell a story. He told the story of what we just saw. & Nick & Dawn. And everyone tells him to tell such a bad story. pain) and continues to pack holes in it and laugh at it. To say why they walked around and argued, why didn't they choose the ax and such things made me feel like it was a pleasure for the audience, because that was the kind of thing I asked myself while watching this shit it slipped into my throat and made it clear that the makers knew the script was crap and could see all the holes in it and for a twist that unashamedly rubbish the previous 80 minutes (which we just had to put through remember) was just a little grid. Then the Lumberjack dude will offend an injury and kill everyone within two minutes, why didn't he do it to get started? It would have saved a lot of time. <br /> <br /> Director Portugal becomes a real mess, it has the worst continuity between night and day in a movie I've ever seen. The whole movie is meant to set at night and I suspect the makers tried to use the day for the night process, but it didn't work and most seemed to be set during the day. For example, look at when Lisa is trapped in the bathroom and she gets out of the window. It is obviously pitch-black outside when we look out of the bathroom, but when she falls to the ground and cuts the films to an outside, it's bright daylight. Then there is Ranger Vince, who says we can't get a search party here, until the morning, indicating that it would be night, then a few minutes later when he walks outside and it looks like the middle of the day is actually a torch that is clearly visible and he shows it clearly in the direction he looks like it is night. Every time there is a scene in the cabin, look at the windows, it's black outside and when the Ranger enters the door, it's also another clear example. The continuity in this movie is simply the worst I have ever seen. There aren't many gores, there are a few screens of an ax that go into people's bodies, but nothing less. It's not scary, there's no tension or atmosphere, and the terrible day and night continuity is just as distracting, as it's so obvious. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is rock-bottom, again the continuity between night and day must be seen to believe how bad it is. The special effects are poor and they couldn't even afford to have a car inflated, although it is very important for the plot. It has an amateur hour written from start to finish. The acting is absolutely brilliant and everyone involved must get an Oscar, just joke, not really they were terribly horrible and even the girls who got their breasts were not very nice. <br /> <br /> The legend of Bloody Jack is just a terrible teen treasure flick, it seems to have been shot on a camcorder without using a tripod or steadycam, it has terrible effects, is boring and has a turning end which is the most insulting in horror movie history or I am completely wrong and that is the smartest. Not recommended, watch a decent treasure chest from the 70's or 80's to remind you how to do it.
