I must immediately say that I just checked the spoiler box because I commented on the amount of thoughts that are proportional to what this junk of a movie deserves, and should not be held responsible for a preliminary plot point. <br /> <br /> These comments will be the form of a tirade for the simple reason that I am still under the influence of this movie, just watched, and the unique effect that results in one incompetent is for the kind of advocacy and paragraph structure needed for coherent, reasoned criticism. It's not a compliment. This is not the narcotic effect of a real hypnotic or thought-producing movie. The feelings it generates combine like an awkward emotional Voltron, which consists of a confusing mixture of a kind of anger, the vague desire to shower, the motionless, sinking sense of true betrayal one gets when they realize them lived 109 minutes of them in the hands of someone who would not just squander it, but do it in such a pumping, artificial way. And I would probably have done nothing super-productions with those 109 minutes! But even if I spent it on something trivial, like a power block of masturbation and online poker, I would have been more fulfilled when everything was said and done. <br /> <br /> The problems with this movie are many, and in better times I want to know exactly what they were in a semi-adult way. But in line with what this film deserves, I think I'm probably going to stay with the kingdom of masturbation jokes and cartoon references. <br /> <br /> The most annoying and terminal error is that while watching this movie, one is keenly aware that the makers and participants think they are making a much smarter movie than they are. Knowing the knowledge you can pick up in a one-semester recording of Western art history at a community college or business school, the art jargon is piled on thick and in all directions, with much of it talking between our hero, Die martartelde detective Stan (Willem Dafoe, whom I will forgive for this movie because he is Willem Dafoe) and his accentuated ancient trader, buddy Blair (Peter Stormare, takes a break to play a sociopath for whom the murder easily comes through 2-dimensional plot device in a movie about a sociopath for whom murder comes easily). And they talk. In fact, we have been dropped in this story at a crime scene that may indicate the revival of a serial killer. Stan thinks he killed years earlier. All the back stories are partially obscured, but mostly by silent talks between Stan and his dealer, or Stan and his colleague, the unforgiving, annoying Carl (Scott Speedman). And although I distinguish the character Carl (Scott Speedman) from the actor who plays by using brackets, I must admit it very early in the film, I thought this character so little I actually wanted to hurt myself on the shoulder. actor depicting him (Scott Speedman). Not something too fancy. Not death or paralysis, necessarily. But maybe herpes? Or maybe a stage light will fall on him and drop his arm? This is a dangerous deviation, but I don't point it out, because I want to let someone read about the payment to see this train wreck of a movie, with a clear impression of the terrible wishes and feelings it even Mostly a peaceful man. <br /> <br /> Well, I'm here to steam. In the course of writing these are the sick feelings that this movie has raised in an I have fallen, my head has a done a bit. I realize now that I am still time in something related to this piece, is exciting similar to waking up after a night of suicide heavy drinking along the rampant form of an ever-sleeping 200 pound college girl. Your first urge is a desperate desire to flee. That is, of course.
