I originally gave this episode a score of two. Now, I wish I could think more about it. I also wish they had negative rating options. <br /> <br /> I was surprised at how poor the whole thing was from start to finish. I worship Ron Pearlman, and John Carpenter ... so what went wrong? Last season episode 13 was pulled due to the handling of the abortion problem. I think Mr. Carpenter this season managed to make something so gray that you can't immediately see if it's pro-choice or anti-abortion. Only after I sit and think about it that I realize he is very anti-abortion will you get the brightest in the end when the "Mother" shoots and kills the baby, to the horror of the "Father" who walks grief, leave the mother unharmed. But you also see it in the way the Ron P. character is treated. I hardly think that if someone in the past has shown enough of a threat to have an order against him that they will not immediately call the police. Instead, we have the guard almost to do with him (just to pay it eventually). I don't care for someone who has a strong view on something, even if it's not something I agree with, but I think it's a bit crippled to not stand that view, rather than trying seems to be sitting somewhere in the middle. <br /> <br /> But, political issues aside were this episode above poor. The music was retro-70's and just didn't work. The acting (other than Ron P.) was poor. The effects were terrible - it might have been better not to show the monster at all, rather than to show the excuse for a monster they had. <br /> <br /> All this is said, I'm glad they have Horror Masters - I don't mind sitting through the very bad episodes to find the good. It's a bit like renting horror movies from the video store. Every now and then you get a good one and that makes it all worthwhile. I agree with the poster that said, maybe the name of Masters should change. Some of these people simply didn't earn the title. (Let me stress tho even though I hated this episode, John Carpenter earns TOTAL the title. He is a master through and through)
