I went to a video store and watched some Horror Movies. After about 30 minutes I only rushed and pulled out a few. I stumbled across "Masters of Horror" containing "Pro-Life" and "Right to Die". They looked, old cute Horror crap, but I was interested for some reason. It said about Pro-Life about being a classic, a return for John Carpenter (I love his "The Thing" so I thought it would be good) and everything. So I turned to think it would be something great and interesting, I was very wrong ... It started uncomfortably, just a girl walking through a forest, scared of something. A car stops and picks her up (so are the people she needs to see, amazing?) They take her back to a clinic and examine her. In the sametime it all happens, her father appears at the gates and they don't let him go, he's not out loud near the area. Most likely from something he has done in the past, but you do not know about any of these. He really doesn't want his daughter in this place, an abortion center. He is very strong against such deeds, believing it to be sick and not what God wants. He supports "what I have heard is called" Pro-Life. "Acting against abortions and extremes to cause the babies to be born, they are sick. In the past, killing the birth, justice is just an idea of ​​the mind, anyway, on track, after the girl's investigation, they find pregnant pregnancy far ahead of what she should be She is only a few weeks pregnant, but months before, telling them they won't understand her and want an abortion and everyone, but ultimately tell the truth that she is through a Demon. raped from hell and her father wanted this baby (but believe that God wants this baby, not who really). Clinic (someone who doesn't work together, shoots) The head of the clinic, which in the past has problems with they have been well prepared this time. Eventually one kills the fathers' boys, but is eventually shot a few times (with a bulletproof jacket). The Father then performs what he apparently is doing to the Women. He cut a hole where the vagina would be if he was a female to us, and there was about a sucking thing there and sucking all this blood out. While all this is happening, the girl gives a little Demonic baby with many legs, and some Demon comes from below the Earth (not in the same room) and starts looking for his child. The Father sees it later and begins to ask how it happened, he did what he had to say and didn't understand why it was. The Demon both killed his sons earlier and is now going to Father ... While the girl is killing the baby and carrying the Demon (not in the same scene). Yes, it probably sounds pretty cool, and an exciting Horror Movie, but it's not. The acting is terrible and does not have enthusiasm, the writing is boring and not even creative, they choose the wrong characters and do not even build on them; Just everything that has been merged, all the small parts, doesn't even add up to a big waste of time. I will not classify it as a Horror, although it has elements of Horror, they eventually fail to succeed. It feels more like a "beginner" short film, than by John Carpenter. <br /> <br /> Sorry for my lack of information, and detailed review, I just didn't have the time to waste to write something exciting. . Also sorry if my spelling and details are wrong, I couldn't really be bothered to investigate anything.
