I look forward to seeing John Carpenter's episode in Season 2, because his first cigarette fuel was by far the best of Season 1 (and I liked other episodes of that season). Oh, how was I disappointed. <br /> <br /> In fairness to Carpenter, I think the primary problem with this episode was absolutely terrible writing. The characters, apart from the subject, looked as if they were written for an episode of Walker, Texas Ranger. The acting was bad, and I usually like Ron Perlman, but I can estimate them just as much because the writing was so terrible. I'm not trying to guess what the writers are trying to do, as it would be useless, but it seemed as if they were trying to interfere with horror (of course) with some form of social commentary on abortion and religion. In this case it was not surprising, it was a chance to bash a certain variety or religious nuts as well as fanatic anti-abortionists. And I am in favor of both goals, but it was so terrible that I was embarrassed to see characters acting and talking with such a stupid contradiction. It failed to offer any valuable opinion on the subjects and the horror element also failed with such turbulent writing. <br /> <br /> While I don't think Carpenter can be accused of most of the bad accusation here, I would say he chose to run the phone call and therefore it should be held accountable. There are a few small pieces that I found beautiful, hence the two stars I gave. <br /> <br /> The real gore and sample effects were good, but the CGI gore (two separate gunshots on the head) was so naturally inferior in quality CGI they had never gotten the OK. I am generally very critical of CGI, but not because I have a problem with it in principle. I have a problem executing it. The technology, while surprising in some respects, is not good enough to adjust "right" effects, whether it be miniature or gore, especially if it is supposed to make something organic and / or alive, and therefore it is not used until it is. . CGI can be used well in small quantities, or of course if the entire movie is animated. <br /> <br /> I will also take this opportunity to note that the title Masters of Horror is a bad title. There simply aren't many real "masters of horror". Maybe two or three. If the show is called "Languages ​​of Horror" or it will be fine. But as it turns out, the criteria for directing one of these episodes, and therefore criticized that they are not a "master of horror", are that they have at least one horror movie directly in their career. And it shouldn't even be a good one.
