* VARIOUS SPOILERS IN THIS OVERVIEW * This movie was horrible. I'm a big baseball fan, so I thought I'd see it, and I was very disappointed. It started well. When I had the bad influence DeNiro had on his young son, I hoped he would become a better father through the movie or something. Anyway, it seems as if DeNiro had to be the lead. He was the only one who believed in Bobby and he had his worshiping son that he had lost sight of, giving me a reason to feel bad for him. He wanted to help Bobby talk to Primo if he absolutely didn't stumble anywhere until death. Not to mention the sketchy repetition of the song "I want you ****!" Later, when DeNiro Bobby's son drowned from drowning, I hoped the movie could save itself. He can forgive himself for killing Primo if he saved Bobby's son. But of course it is far beyond the depth of the movie, because all he cares about becomes CREDIT for the murder, and he does this by stealing Bobby's son, car and dog and holding them hostage. Bobby should just run a house run and announce that DeNiro is a real fan while biting a picture of him. <br /> <br /> Now we come to the very unrealistic scene at the end. The game is not expected to be named. Then DeNiro somehow appears magic on the field in a referee's suit and calls Bobby home, continues to pull out his knife and bump into anyone running on the field. There are apparently no officers on the field (but the police are on the move), so DeNiro walks up the hill and prepares to cut a knife to Bobby if he is shot dead. But don't worry, this cheerful and enjoyable movie has a happy ending, because Bobby finds his son. <br /> <br /> It's NOT a sports movie. It's not about a fan. As far as I know, adherents are not racial psychopaths who threaten, rob and throw knives at their admirers. This is probably the worst movie I will ever see in my life. The plot was shallow, the soundtrack sucked, the movie had no purpose. I warn you not to waste your time on this disgusting excuse for a movie.
