The London Underground has something inherently creepy about it. With its long winding tunnels, the escalators take you deeper and deeper underground, and of course the rats are moving the tracks. It is a source of wonder that it is no longer used in horror movies. It was used in the seventies of the death row aka Raw Meat, with a cannibalistic tribe living in an interrupted tunnel, and the celebrated chase in the American Werewolf in London. So I was glad to see someone else trying to capitalize on the tube's atmosphere with the recent British production Creep at night. <br /> <br /> I thought the movie started off well, with a highly effective credit line. It was really inaccurate, followed by a scene in the sewers that would have something wrong under the streets of London . However, Kruip pulled down from here, and I found myself wanting to switch it off to this opening scene and gave me a favorable impression of the film. All the characters become impersonal and unlikely, even Potent himself, and the director felt the need to hit us over with social commentary on homelessness. He also made the mistake of showing the "monster" in full lighting where he stopped scaring and announcing that he was Craig. How can you have a monster called Craig? It turns into an X-file-type thing, and reminds one of the episode graves. In fact, I was of the opinion that Mulder and Scully would arrive and make up everything for me. <br /> <br /> Regarding the notorious sexual violence, it is very graphic, disturbing and completely unnecessary. It just seems to be shocking the audience rather than any intrinsic plot value. The problem is that it is so top-notch and awful that it actually despises you for the rest of the horror, which is a mistake, because it's just halfway through the movie. <br /> <br /> There you go. The only redeeming feature of the movie for me was a rare appearance by Ken Campbell, one of my favorite one-time actors. You don't see him very often, but when he's on the screen, he's all in a corner. He threw him as a sewer inspector, a stroke of genius, unfortunately the only one in the movie.
