I love movies about UFOs, and so I recently decided to see EYES BEHIND THE STARS again after seeing it when I was a child in the late 1970s. And now I'm obliged to write a review about it, because I'm afraid I'll forget everything about it quickly. You see, although EBTS is not bad, it's VERY boring and indescribable. The story is interesting, but flat. The actors are good, but their roles are boring and a little confusing. The FX is terribly amateurish, but I can think of such a thing if the movie is compelling, which unfortunately is not the one. <br /> <br /> There is also very little violence and there is no nudity, which makes this 1970s Italian sci-fi opus a real peculiarity, because if there is one thing that distinguishes Italian genre films in the 1970s. genre films from other countries made in the same decade are the astonishing amount of violence and sex found in them. . Strangely, because there are almost no missing elements, EBTS stands out from the rest of the deal. I don't know if it can be considered a compliment. Personally, I can enjoy a movie without sex and violence, but I think EBTS needed more violence and sex here and there to digest it because it's so deadly dull and dry. And the special effects aren't that special. <br /> <br /> The story itself is actually interesting. It's a combination of the X-FILES and Antonioni's BLOWUP: a photographer accidentally takes strangers to the movie during a fashion shoot in the country. The strangers know they are captured on film and they continue to kidnap the photographer and a model and then destroy any evidence of their presence on earth. The problem begins when the model meets a man at the abducted photographer's apartment (it takes place just before she is kidnapped). The man takes the negative and leaves, with the strangers who have no knowledge of the missing negatives. The whole story is about this man who wants to know more about the strangers and a secret spy group who wants to get the negative. The majority of the film focuses on boring political intrigue, spying on espionage. The UFO element of the story is almost unimportant and could easily be replaced by any cold war McGuffin. But as dull as Eyes are behind the stars, it looks like the X-FILES! I wonder if Chris Carter saw this movie. Anyway, the best thing about EBTS is the POV shots, which are creepy and effective. But the rest is almost completely forgotten, including the goofy looking aliens. <br /> <br /> Although I was mostly negative about this movie, I loved it quite a bit. I still remember the effective advertising campaign that scared me when I saw it as a child. And I own the video. The movie could have been so much more if it was done properly. Oh well ...
