Creep is the story of Kate (Potente), an intensely unlikely bourgeois bitch who somehow sleeps herself through the noise of the last underground train, and wakes up to get herself in the subway. One way or another, Guy and rapist meet up on a mysterious train that runs after the lines are closed, going wrong and finding pursuit by sneaking under the city's streets. Her story is linked to that of George (Blackwood), an ex-con who works in the sewage system; they meet in the final third of the movie, brought along by their attempts to escape the monster they are pursuing. <br /> <br /> The pair continues through a set of increasingly unlikely places; From the Tube station, they end up in the sewage works before they find themselves in some abandoned underground operation. Most Tube stations do not have toilets, so how an operation is outside of me. Of course, the film tells us that the operation doesn't have running water. Still, does it have electricity? Just one of the many contradictions that work against the atmosphere of everyday credibility that the film is trying to create. <br /> <br /> The monster itself is a problem. There is a complete lack of reasoning for his actions, it only kills people for no apparent reason. And of course it also keeps alive for no real reason, maybe just so that they can finally escape and give the movie an extra 15 minutes or running time. I understand that natural evil is frightening, but then the film tries to portray him through a doctor and his son's photo, and a few shots of some candles that contain babies, and yes, it's just as tired and pathetic as it sounds. It also does not explain how the essence was long enough to communicate the ability to speak, but only in raptor cries, but not long enough to expire his shorts. Hmm. <br /> <br /> This doctor business leads to a scene that is the movie's desperate effort to impose itself on your memory, and while it's uncomfortable and uncomfortable to look at, it's just not enough. The last third of the movie depends on an emotional relationship that has never existed, and the characters break down and recover for little or no clear reason. George breaks down, unable to handle anything despite the fact that he wants to escape so that he can see his daughter again and Kate becomes emotionally tough seconds after he has broken someone who tore her for a travel card. Yes. <br /> <br /> Once it starts out as a "it can happen to someone" movie, it quickly falls apart because it presents ideas that make it more and more unrealistic. A complete lack of emotional interest in the characters and an absence of tension make this one to avoid.
