Originally called The Changer. The nostril Picker is a poorly constructed story of a single resident named Joe Bukowski (Carl Zschering) who likes a little of young. Can't socialize with girls, he bumps into a bump that teaches him a special Vietnamese visit. This "chant" involves the whistle "Londenbrug falls off" while running like an epileptic morris dancer. Nevertheless, Ugly Joe tries it out and hey presto! He's now a girl. Ideally, he has to be a young man to put on girls. But we can't talk about ideas here - this film was made in 1983 and released in 1993. In an ideal world it should never be released. <br /> <br /> The Film Asylum has this horror hokum as "ham handed story counting." It's worse than that. The Nostril Picker really takes the cookie, actually the whole goddamn cookie pot. a ludicrous plot and a predictable turn, just when things could no longer become absurd, the story goes on its own intangible touchline, for example, Joe decides to kill the girls by turning back into himself, but I thought he wanted to get close to them, not happy with being a murderer, Joe also became a cannibal and eats his victims, of whom there were only 3-4. <br /> <br /> The highlight of This horrible movie involves Joe picking up a hooker (Steven Andrews) and then taking her back to his apartment, what happens next, convinces faith ... Joe returns to a man, but also discover the hooker is a man. How does he react? Well, in a Benny Hill esquire fashion, he chases "her" around the apartment with a bunch of dildo s just climbing on an inflatable doll. God knows what Patrick J Matthews and Stephen Hodge think. At least this scene paved the way for another valuable moment. This was accompanied by the male hooker who reported the incident to a curly police officer with a 2-bit grapshop 'cop' uniform. The hilarious play is a must see. Especially the hooker's inability to say "dildo" and his claim for "satisfaction". <br /> <br /> Apart from the above incident, this monotonous slash flick was a complete drill. You know a movie is bad when the DVD trailers were more exciting. Normally, I would move on to the good things forward, just not there. The main action sequences were that Joe repeatedly hit his victims. Forget quick cuts, Matthews uses fadeouts (one during a stab) to limit any kind of tension that may already exist. One girl's non-reaction to her fingers being cut down is laughing. Normally I would welcome the words "rough" but in this case they were far from blessing. Just more offensive movie torture. The whole movie felt like an undeserved episode of Midsummer murders, just less entertaining. I want to hate to see the cut version. <br /> <br /> In summary, the nostril picker is the most unpleasant thing I've seen since Richard Hammond's 5 O 'Clock Show. Degraded performances have become worse due to a horrible soundtrack and bad dubbing. Don't be fooled by the boxing label, it's NOT a cult classic unless it qualifies for the lets-use-shitty-horror-dvds-for-coffee-coasters cult. What I think it does. Unless it is edited after 30 minutes, stay away from this coma-invading mess.
