Sometimes a movie comes together that is unique. The Nostril Picker is one such movie. The Nostril Picker is like no other movie I've ever seen. Unfortunately, for the Nostril Picker and myself, for various reasons, it is unique to what the filmmakers originally intended. Read on and everyone will hopefully become clear ... The Nostril Picker, as it is commonly known, although apparently filmed under the title The Changer, begins with some extremely dull shots of an American town somewhere, streets and factory is that kind of thing, like the opening credits play. When the nostril voter starts to get proper, the viewer is introduced to a real loser called Joe Bukowski (Carl Zschering) who is in his 40s. He lives alone in a small apartment where he watches television, eats meat flavored dogs and listens to old vinyl records as he dances with an inflatable rubber sex doll. Joe loves teenage girls, he has several porn magazines, but enjoys the right thing even more. To be an ugly git Joe, however, cannot invite a young lady to go out with him or do anything else for him. One fatal day, an old homeless Vietnam veterinarian (Horace Grimm), sees Joe's pain and pain (actually he sees Joe being spoken by police for a teenage girl) and decides to help him. He tells Joe of a civilization he learned from the 'gooks' in Vietnam that will change Joe's appearance to what he wants. A process he calls morphosynthesis, but at the same time he warns Joe that "it makes you crazy if you do it too much". That night, Joe decided to give it a try, in a public venue on a podium for some reason. Joe says a few words, does a very stupid dance and starts jodelling. Joe ends with the whistle. Londenbrug falls off, yes, I don't make it. Initially, Joe is visibly disappointed when nothing significant happens. To console himself, Joe tries to buy a porn, but is shocked when the clerk (Kevin Devoy) refuses to sell to a minor. Joe, the shining spark he is, realizes what happened and speaks his / her way out by claiming that his / her father sent him / her to buy it. Joe, who now calls his alter-ego Josephine (Ann Flood), straightens the possibilities and heads to the local high school. Joe is friends with four teenage girls, Jennifer Armstrong (Laura Cummings), Crisi Stroud (Gail Didia), Tracy Harper (Heidi M. Gregg) and Brenda Kearn (Aimee Molinaro) while he, under his disguise o and Joe, succeeded in becoming a student to be at school simply by the sports teacher, me. Van Dyke (Vicki Hollis) to ask. For the first time, Joe looks innocent enough, he just likes the girls' toilets and things like that. But things change quickly like Joe Brenda brutally killing. Jennifer's father, Vince Armstrong (Edward Tanner), is a detective, and along with his partner Edward Simpson (Clyde Surrell) and Walt Spencer (Bruce Alden), the pathologist is determined to catch the sicko responsible for killing his daughter's friends. Joe hit again? The IMDb list for The Nostril Picker is wrong, I watched it just hours ago and it clearly states that it is directed by Mark Nowicki. He was also co-producer and certainly not co-producer Patrick J. Matthews, not cinematographer, that it makes much difference and I want Nowicki to be more than happy for Matthews to take the 'credit' for making this piece of crap. No one involved in making the Nostril Picker should ever be back near a camera. The Nostril Picker is easily one of the worst movies I've ever seen, and it says something. This is absolutely terrible in every way possible. The script of Steven Hodge is horrible, there is no narrative structure, excitement, excitement, drama, character development and the things that happen are so annoyingly stupid. The plot devices and chain of events in The Nostril Picker are completely incomprehensible. The scene where Joe finds the prostitute (Steven Andrews) he has hired is actually a man and Joe is pursuing him around his flat. With two spray darts it is simply a jaw. The subsequent scene when the transvestite reported the incident to the police was hilarious and laughed at the dialogue. I also hated the end, it was not only predictable, but it left the door open for a successor, I suddenly suddenly came to the mere thought! On a technical level, the Nostril Picker is terrible, wise and hopeful of photography, blatant and inappropriate music, forgotten places, poorly edited (Brenda is murdered in the kitchen, but her blood splashes on the TV screen that was clearly in the opposite room ), some of the worst ones I've been sitting on and very unimportant special effects consisting of a few cut-off rubber fingers, a slit throat and a fast-paced scene where Joe eats meat. It's no surprise that the cast & crew who worked at The Nostril Picker had virtually no IMDb credits for anything before or after. Even at 76 minutes, the nostril voter is far too long and very boring to go through. I could go on the bad The Nostril Picker all day long, I really could. One thing I couldn't really work out was all the intentions of the filmmakers? The Nostril Picker is indeed a unique film, unique in its horror and incompetence. In the case of The Nostril Picker I hope it remains unique as it is still not the worst movie I've ever seen, but it certainly comes close. Definitely one to avoid.
