The character of Tarzan is subject to so many clichés, and so many bad interpretations, that those who hope for a different kind of version (people like me, who loved the Tarzan books as a child and always wanted a movie version what the books just followed a little) should know how the recent versions stacked. Some of the IMDb reviews address this point, but here's my $ .02 <br /> <br /> I'm aware of only two-tier demo depictions of Tarzan, Greystoke with Christopher Lambert and the Disney animated version, which tries to portray Edgar Rice Burrough's rather interesting character (the son of a brown English noble couple, who after their death was picked up by a tribe of monkeys that excites him as one of them and what about " the jungle is "because of its better human intellect before making it back to England and claiming its other identity" rather than the ordinary Hollywood jungle whose origin remains unclear and whose brands are screaming its famous, its mysterious inability to proper English to speak in spite of long exposure to people who know the language, his habit of swinging on vineyards, his strength, heroism, etc. The only thing these two characters have in common is the name Tarzan and the fact that they both have a woman named Jane. Ron Ely's TV version is something of a compromise: Like Burroughs' character, he speaks good English and is in a kind of James Bond in both cultures, but he is not Lord Greystoke and there is no Jane . <br /> <br /> Well, this movie is in a third category of Tarzan movies, and I hope it's a category one because it's terrible. This category uses the character as a soft porn vehicle. Jane, played by a legendary bad actress Bo Derek is in Africa looking for her father, the absent professor fighting the jungle, looking for something that is never specified. Although her father has long been missing, she finds him effortless. Richard Harris if the father is the best thing here; he sees the movie stupid, so he has fun working and hamming in a way that reminds me of Peter O'Toole's deliberately stupid thing in What's New Pussycat. Dad explains the legend of Tarzan (a kind of ghost or spirit), he says - either a steal of, or an insignificant attempt to pay tribute to King Kong) to his daughter, who at this stage is unknown to the monkey. Soon after, we hear the notorious cliché of the Tarzan rejoicing. Dad dies, which seems strange to him not much to love his dedicated daughter. And then ..... <br /> <br /> Then Tarzan appears, but says nothing. Indeed, he says nothing during the whole film. He and Jane fall in love, and they skirt around to wear almost nothing, as they read dog-gel love poetry on the screen. The end. That's the plot. <br /> <br /> Well, not exactly; There is also a scene where Tarzan struggles unrealistically with a boa constrictor - an unusual boa, as it is the only poisonous one ever seen. Jane treats the bite with a chimpanzee that helps pull out the garment that she breaks down to tie the wound. I'm not making it up! And it's just one of the excuses that she has to put on her clothes. <br /> <br /> I always like to close a review by saying something positive, but this time it's difficult. Let's see ... well, it's unfair to criticize this movie for an orangutan, though we all know that orangutans don't live in Africa; After all, the classic Tarzan movies used Indian elephants, didn't they? Also, you must admit that Upper Derek is beautiful in shape and form. (But in the case, why didn't hell just make a career as an art model? What does it say about a movie when it gets boring to look at a beautiful woman? positive or a negative that they never showed her cross.) But now I realize: try as I might, I can't stop positively. <br /> <br /> See this movie if you're a bad movie buff. I'm out here.
