Bo Derek may have had a career if she does not take over her old husband, John, as her director. It's really a shame, no really, with the right direction and the right part (see "10"), Bo was okay. She will not win any awards even at best, but she is no worse than many actresses who have grown it over the past 15 years, based on watching alone. But there lies the problem, John was determined to drive the wave that Bo created with her appearance in 10, that Bo is the "perfect 10", "the hottest woman in America", the gender symbol of the 1980s. The problem is, in John's hands, this wave crashed in just a few years with a sounding drop. Perhaps he knew her limitations as an actress. Perhaps he made movies for her that concentrated on her body, not her acting skills. But it soon became old. It didn't really help any thing that John and Bo Derek's films are (let's be honest) really bad. And badly they make Edgar Rice Burrough's literary icon, the Lord of the Jungle, Tarzan of the Apes. <br /> <br /> You know what's the worst? This movie is boring! Let me laugh, let me cry, don't drill me. Not even Bo's beautiful look and figure can produce any interest, and that's what the film is of course built on. Richard Harris (God blesses his soul, he and Bo were previously in Orca VAT). It makes his scene at least a little interesting and Miles O'Keefe makes a physically impressive Tarzan. Maybe he got the last laugh after Miles hit with a bunch of poison from the critics about this movie, Miles has a good career as a B-movie icon, in movies that were not good art, but " a million times more fun than this one. But other than that, it is Bo's body, and you can only see it so many times before you long for something else to go with it. Tarzan the Monkey Man has nothing else. John Derek was a true dynamic actor, he was not a director. He had to remain with his power. This film unfolds in a mind a passing pace and nothing really happens in action scenes. Burrough's Tarzan was all about excitement and wish fulfillment (which doesn't look as agile, strong and beautiful as Lord Greystoke?) And fun! You get nothing from this. Watch it, and you will have wasted 107 minutes of your life. With the second thought you can get away with a valuable lesson, how not to handle someone's film career. <br /> <br /> Bo Derek, however, is right in my book. She stood with John until his death day, has a true love of animals and nature and even looks back with a giggling in her spotlight. She also proved that she was not the stupid blonde. Many want her to be her. If she can survive Tarzan and Bolero, she can survive anything. So come back Bo, everything is forgiven. <br /> <br /> And aside, is the Steve Strong playing the bad guy the same Steve Strong, which is a short pro wrestling career?
