This is a remake of Tarzan in the era of the Soloflex and Apocalypse. There is nothing inherently wrong with using films that have illuminated moral constraints to portray an erotic side to the Tarzan legend. There is nothing inherently wrong with the premise that Tarzan does not speak. There is much wrong with the suggestion of a woman who could come to an African jungle in 1910, it could be remarkably stupid and plastic. Bo has as few lines as possible when exploring bodies because this movie is just a video center fold, as neutral as possible so you can project yourself and your lecherous fantasies into the project. If it succeeds everywhere, it is in the implication that National Geographic can influence the way the images of a Tarzan movie are built. <br /> <br /> It would be ridiculous to argue that movies should not use the sexual tease as ONE of many tools to draw in viewers. Some really good movie moments incorporate it. But this move is on the opposite side of the spectrum - the plague is the only thing going on here; at the time of his release and now. You sit through terrible, silly scenes that don't interest you, and miles of footage of bad acting to roll over to one of two bodies over the next look. Yes ... Above Derek and Miles O'Keeffe are beautiful (good luck with the work of libido.) But if it is your excuse to give this shock a good rating, you should visit a porn shop and stock up. There is only a hair-width difference between the two formats and (I guess only here) a horde viewer will probably really enjoy the latter. The question is whether a mainstream movie is the best place in the market for viewers to look for products that satisfy lust alone. <br /> <br /> As a shoulder, John Derek successfully capitalized on the sexual mystic that developed over Bo. the movie "10"; and created a media event from a shallow project whose only merit was the warmth of the two leaders. The movie itself was next to the point. He was about 20 years before his time in the minds that would welcome him to create a ceaseless, shallow film that is just about displaying superficiality. <br /> <br /> As a director, John Derek only seems to be Mrs. Derek looks nice, empty and humps in every scene. It was suddenly shot. The camera placement is annoying. In terms of editing, the entire "wipe" catalog is exhausted. The credit line is bare. And it is a tassel over who commits the worse screen offense; Above Derek who's such a bimbo that she can't even figure out how to play a bimbo, or Richard Harris who screams every line (as he likes to do) until you want to shoot him. At least with Bo you can imagine that she blames a little horny writer for her.
