This is surely one of the most unaffected remakes of a classic in film history - especially since the promise of his tagline, "The Most Beautiful Woman of Our Time in the Most Erotic Adventure of All Time", is not even exploited properly! Although this movie has often been shown on television in my neck of the forest since my childhood, his fame (for the frightening not erotic content, you think) has stayed away so far - and I just remembered having recently enjoyed Bo Derek's . previous film, 10 (1979), and also watched many fantasy things over Christmas. <br /> <br /> Leading actress / producer Bo Derek is rather ludicrous to play the schoolgirl sexually innocent (witness the inappropriate banana zone) and, as expected, she is made to get her clothes off several times, but as welcome as these scenes, she became so sensual in 10 as she did here; Richard Harris chews the beauty of Jane's obsessive explorer, but John Philip Law barely registers as his aide, showing some initial interest in Jane himself. newcomer Miles O'Keeffe has the title role and makes only 45 minutes in the movie, is completely silent, except for his famous jodel (probably raised by Johnny Weissmuller!) and is also as unspeakable as one of the trees he hangs at regular intervals throughout the second half of the movie! For the record, he later played in two ATOR movies (or CONAN mimics) for Joe D'Amato and the King Arthur era, SWORD OF THE VALIANT (1984). <br /> <br /> When another actor, director John Derek (who also serves as his own filmmaker) has along with some good filmmakers (Cecil B. De Mille, William Dieterle and Robert Rossen) and a few great ones (Otto Preminger, Nicholas Ray and Don Siegel), but he clearly learned from them, as his direction of this one is a great liability: sometimes it is terribly pretentious (testifying to the perfectly terrible python attack sequence) with " a senseless overuse of the slow motion technique and the exaggerated transitions; It was Derek's seventh film as a director (and his second of four with wife Bo) and eventually he'll just make two more. <br /> <br /> The movie's total failure just needs to be tackled by the fact that the Tarzan legend has been restarted on film - in GREYSTOKE: THE LEGEND OF TARZAN, LORD OF THE APES (which I haven't seen surprisingly yet not) - just three years later !! Nominated for Six Razzie Awards (including John Derek, Richard Harris and Miles O'Keeffe) and one for Bo Derek himself, TARZAN, THE APE MAN, was written together by Gary Goddard, the future director of another highly anticipated but finally disappointing conversion to the silver screen of a (this time animated) heroic figure, MAGISTER OF THE UNIVERSE (1987), which I will now repeat (yay)! Despite a beautiful closing credit line showing that Tarzan and Jane play with an orang-outside and play a music party that is not really half-bad, any backward good intentions are defeated by an extremely stupid climax with native painting Above all, white and deadly, John Derek's clear interest in the character of Tarzan himself appears to be coming to him as an unimportant supportive character in his own self-titled movie !!
