It's a big tragedy that both Richard Harris and John Derek are no longer with us. But it should not make anyone blind to the fact that in 1981 a pretty ugly spot appeared on both men's CVs. Undoubtedly, John Derek did this movie for his wife, who made Maryln Monroe and Raquel Welsh a few years ago a few years ago, and created an iconic gender symbol for the new decade. After hanging Dudley Moore on the beach in '10 'Bo's reputation, an all-star cast and filming in Sri Lanka meant nothing could go wrong. Oh, as they say, Mortal's plan and God laugh. It is said that when the film was promoted in 1981, the Edgar Rice Burrows estate tried to take legal action against him. Top Derek plays Jane Parker playing in the turn of the ancient Africa to be reunited with her bustling, abused father, Richard Harris. Daddy Parker is an explorer who found the Great Inland Sea the things of the local legend, whose existence was created by conventional wisdom. Harris is worth looking for a wonderful hammy, thought-up show that includes the singing of an Irish dinner at an Indian elephant that somehow found its way into Africa (at the same time when the Orang-Utan arrived from Sumatra?). Furthermore, although Jane confesses that Parker is despised, Bo's and Rich's relationship is narrowly contaminated, evidence perhaps on the effects of tropical heat. However, before long, local legends begin to circulate a 'Big White Monkey' and Jane hears the well-known yodel. It's the movie's show for Miles O'Keefe, a future B-Movie star, who makes a strange debut as the loins-dressed Lord of the Jungle. Unlike Johnny Weismuller with his pidgin English or Ron Ely speaking fluently, the O'Keefe is Tarzan dumb. However, given some of Bo and Richie's dialogue, it's probably not bad. Harris and his caravan eventually reach the Great Indian Sea, located on top of a giant plateau halfway across Africa. Continue, aren't sea, lakes and other watery places in general? Nevermind, this is just one of the many deviations in the John Derek universe. The crew is trying to mount the cliffs and when the ropes snap, Harris roars at the fearless men who have abandoned their deaths. On another occasion, Jane decides to swim a nude through the inland sea, which offers another opportunity to see some free nudity. Out of nowhere a single lion does not appear. Now lions usually travel in pride and never go near beaches, but later Tarzan will struggle with a (poisonous) boa-displacer. Zoology doesn't seem to be one of John Derek's strengths ... It's a Tarzan movie. Jane is enchanted by the Lord of the Jungle and decides to take his virginity. But after seeing his closeness to some of the chimpanzees, you have to wonder ... As far as that is concerned, it's not just the Edgar Rice Burroughs estate that can be sued. It is highly likely that some primates were on the phone with their attorneys: the chimpanzees here miss your Cheeta. Especially when they do ridiculous things, like riding on elephants' back and banging their hands when Tarzan and Jane finally get it! The climax of this film has captured Bo and Harris by some rather stereotypical cannibals that paint our heroine and prepare to sacrifice / eat / perform. Suffice it to say that the Great Wood Monkey gets his girlfriend and * SPOILER * Harris gets himself on a big elephant tooth! It does not stop dying Parker from providing a rattling monologue to Jane. As far as I know, the legal package of the Rice Burrows Estate never realized, but "Tarzan the Ape Man" was crucified at the box office (no joke?). That is a shame. John Derek could target "Tarzan the Monkey Man 2" with Bo Derek and Miles O'Keefe who lived in domestic happiness and Dudley Moore as "Boy".
