Once in the mid-1990s, I write DOCTOR WHO fanzines and the whole fandom holds its breath over the new American manufacturer DOCTOR WHO TVM. Once it was announced that the doctor's arch enemy would be playing the master by Eric Roberts, everyone scratched their heads and exclaimed: "Who is Eric Roberts?". I have to point out that before IMDB was online when all you had to do was enter a name in this site in their CV, but one useful soul wrote in a publication I wrote to explain that Eric Roberts the best known was for a role where he died against F Murray Abraham, the film was called by the sword and was about a fence school. Really Looking Back Roberts is best known for THE POPE OF GREENWICH VILLAGE and RUNAWAY TRAIN, but it did not stop the person in both Roberts and AT THE SWORD and his mind was made that this American master was with his southern pull. go to a debacle. Strangely, most fans were furious about Roberts who played the Master, but after seeing the DOCTOR WHO TVM, many fans (I myself among them) thought Roberts's performance was the best aspect of the disappointing US production. <br /> <br /> Yes I digressing but by the sword was a movie I wanted to see just because it was the first time I heard the name of Eric Roberts, but I didn't have the chance to to see the weekend and I was disappointed with it. I don't know anything about fence (Everyone else on this page seems to have no need to talk about their fence or not. I don't know how to do it), so I don't know how accurate it is, but like already mentioned, the movie feels somewhat anachronistic even though you saw it in 1991, the hairstyles look a few years outdated, along with the mixed teenage throw that does a little dance routine that makes you wonder if it didn't work much better than this was not produced by Jerry Bruckheimer in the mid-1980s. You could argue that it would mean that the relationship between Max Suba and Alexander Villard was for the most part of the movie, but I was not convinced of their love / hate relationship, and Abraham and Roberts had previously and since the sword better performance.
