I saw this movie on the History Channel today (in 2006). First, I realize it's not a documentary - it's a drama. But one can hope that at least the critical "facts" about the story may be based on actual events. Reagan was shot and the other characters were real people. The movie has it right. From there, trust falls into facts quickly. I have never heard of this movie before I saw it. After being a TV rep during these events, I was amazed that I had never heard of the bizarre behavior of Secretary Haig as depicted by Richard Dreyfuss. The whole nation heard the "I in charge ...", etc. But Dreufuss' Haig is a chopped cabinet and is completely out of control. After watching the movie, I researched the topic on the internet and quickly found the actual audio tapes and transcripts of most of the situation room conversations pretending to do this movie. Incredibly, many of the most important facts of the film have been a White House, Secret Service, etc. To show total chaos - and the nation's leadership that acts irrationally and drives the world near the core of the nuclear war - is unlikely to be wrong. They didn't! There is an internal conflict, to be sure. Haig makes mistakes, his press room's performance is historically unfortunate and he is "difficult". But there is nothing closer to the screens depicted in the film. There are too many gross errors to list, but a fair comparison of the recorded and written record and the fantasy of this film asks the question what the producers really are trying to achieve. Relieved? Inform? Entertainment? I believe they have failed on all three fronts. It is difficult to award motives to others, but one must seriously question what was behind such a shameless invention. And, as for my beloved History Channel's "Reel to Real" follow-up documentary, there was almost no mention of the central focus of the film, namely the events within the Administration on the day of the shooting. So, the viewer is left to examine it without much - if any - help from the network.
