This 1970's television production featuring Susannah York and George C. Scott is another proof of how difficult it is to get Jane Eyre on the screen, and how much can go wrong doing it. It is true that the movie has suffered in the transfer to DVD - some of the scenes completed in the original have been shortened and so much edited that there are continuity gaps and that even one major scene between Jane and Rochester in the middle of " a start! But even if the editing was better, the movie wouldn't be. The writing is bad, the portrayal of the characters is untrue to the novel and almost all actors are ignored. As a result, one does not have the feeling of seeing an adaptation of Charlotte Brontë's novel. The problem is not only that a number of scenes are shortened or omitted - this is the case with all the short adjustments - but the remaining scenes do not capture the tone, the spirit, the atmosphere and the concept of the novel. . <br /> <br /> For example, this Jane Eyre completely eliminates Gateshead and begins Jane's arrival at Lowood. Although it is innocent, as some scenes must necessarily be left out, it is not understandable that, instead of the time that Jane's friendship with Helen has thoroughly explained, the influence Helen has on Jane's development is the reading in the Christian stoism that she teaches her, almost exclusively focuses on the film's poor physical treatment of Helen, which in this adaptation is driven to absurd extremes. What Helen must suffer is bad enough as described in the novel, but here Miss Scatchard is portrayed as a kind of sadistic prison ward, intentionally wanting to send Helen to a premature death. And it's about everything that happens at Lowood. Comparing it to the deep impact that Lowood spent on Jane in the novel, one can only regret that the movie does not even touch the surface of that particular episode in Jane's life. And this is the problem throughout this adaptation: It rains from scene to scene, very often without transition, and nowhere even comes near the essence of the novel. The dialogues are a weird mix of made-up lines and lines from the novel, many glued together and the scenes between Jane and Rochester are so short that they both share 5 minutes on the screen before they fall in love and the small conversation they has nothing of the brilliance, intensity and humor of the talks between Rochester and Jane in the novel. But the scriptwriter not only had Brontë's language injustice but also destroyed her moral set-up with just one sentence. When Rochester and Jane go to Rochester's wife to look at the wedding, Rochester says: "I once loved her as I love you now." The whole moral concept of the novel depends on the fact that Rochester is indeed an innocent victim of an amoral scheme and trapped to marry a mad woman he never loved and that his attempt to become a true partner to seek is not sanctified by God and man's law, but understandable and forgiven! But this one sentence completely undermines Brontë's whole carefully constructed moral concept and turns Rochester into a dirty old man who wants a new young woman, because his parent is no longer useful to him. <br /> <br /> Some of the errors related to the scriptures to the casting errors: Now I'm not one of those who insist on physical agreement between an actor and the literary figure he portrays. but with no imagination it is possible to make beautiful, blond blue, blue non-spirit and full-bodied Susannah York as the novel's simple heroine. In addition, Ms York was in her thirties when the film was shot and it looks. The novel's shy, reserved and inexperienced Jane is played by her, a perfect, graceful and mature woman, completely confident of herself and her deserts. I'm not saying Susannah York is not playing well and convincingly, but the woman she portrays is not Brontë's Jane Eyre. Throwing George C. Scott as Rochester had to be motivated by the desire to have an old enough Rochester to make the 18-year-old difference in age between Jane and Rochester. Scott seems to have been about 50, but acting in different scenes as if he were 70. <br /> <br /> To compliment the "maturity" of leading actors, all passion, desire and despair are deliberately wiped out of writing. The scene between Jane and Rochester after the wedding, the emotional highlight of the novel, has become a calm, rational conversation between two middle-aged people, at the end of which Rochester falls asleep. When Jane returned to him in the last scene, he was as mild as a grandfather who had just been visited by his favorite granddaughter in his home. The only character showing an appropriate amount of emotion is St John, of all people. Ian Bannen plays him so passionately and his eager plea for Jane's love is so touched that one gets the impression that Bannen model his St John at the Rochester of the novel. Well though, Bannen, his St John is just as far from the novel as York's Jane and Scott's Rochester. The only redeeming features of this very disappointing Jane Eyre are the sites and the score, and I will only recommend this production to those who want to see and compare every adaptation of Jane Eyre.
