I watched this movie at the Rotterdam Film Festival (January '06) and then followed the conversation between director and public. Many people have been shocked and protested. He will get many negative critics. But: the world is cruel like this, and it's not funny. People don't like it. This does not mean that the movie is bad. I can see that difference. Don't shoot the messenger we show the world outside of our hubble! Still, I think it's a bad movie. Film-wise, it's a good one. Beautiful shots and scripts, most good fit music, good actors. The director suggests making a psychological film. However, psychology is of poor quality. The description of such a powerful force itself is not art. The art would be a powerful description of the psychological process behind that violence. How does a shy boy come to such cruelty? The director suggests describing it, but it's not good. <br /> <br /> On several occasions, the director used the word "selfishness" of people, such as the teacher. Only: this teacher was not selfish - just someone in various roles, caring for his pupils, and worried about his writing. I think it's a simplification to call him selfish. The atmosphere in the town is creepy, and the mother made terrible mistakes ("you made me fall terribly?") But it does not become credible to me that so much pain is causing the shameful son to come to such terrible things . In fact, the reality is far more complex than the way this film describes? and it needs much better descriptions. The interesting thing would be: how does it work? Describe the process for me so we understand it. <br /> <br /> With the written phrase in the end, the director said to show an alternative way of life. This was the other extreme and confirmed to me that the director and screenwriter are bad psychologists who promote black and white thinking. The connection between violence in films and in society has been proven. Using such violence gives the responsibility to use it correctly. There are plenty of black-and-white thinkers in the world that cause a lot of war and misery. I hope this movie will not be successful.
