Violence whether it really or not always has an impact. In this movie, the violence is about as cracked as you can ask. In the Great Ecstasy, the director has successfully shown what extreme violence people are capable of. But what was the point? The violence looks like a mixture of Noë's' Irreversible 'and' Kubrick's' Clockwork Orange '. Both are remarkable films. Don't get me wrong, I am not against violence screens at all and I have seen many nasty things in my film, but this film as a whole is quite youthful. The story was never developed enough to give any reason for the extreme violence. The rizla paper thin reason for Robert's downfall is his introduction to drugs. Danny Dyer plays the character who is partly responsible for Robert's drug-fired downfall, but is less than 5 minutes on the screen. Lesley Manville is unable to handle Robert's mum, I'm not sure what one of these actors is doing in a low caliber movie. The play is wood, for example, the scene in the kitchen with the TV chef and his wife is painful to watch or no more than the shocking final - who wrote those dialogues?! Some of the comments the boys make ... seem to be enjoying it "is so urgent to request someone to laugh if it's not for Clay's fiery desire to clash with scary images of mutilated female genitals. Why should we be shown such a detail, perhaps to the directors' adolescent obsession with sadistic pornographic images ... one can only wonder in this young man's psychology. <br /> <br /> The 'political significance' of the film has been brought to our attention repeatedly by the amount of scenes; In the bar, outside the TV cook's house, the war in Iraq reported, it was too obvious. Yes, the war is violent, social determinism causes frustration. We all tend to do terribly violent acts, whether in politics or on the street. E. To avoid all these things as part of the same underlying issue is the real problem that is not the meaning of violence in man. This problem is one we still could not understand and certainly not in this movie. <br /> <br /> My opinion: derivative, bad and useless.
