I'm always cautious about getting too awkward for a movie. Look at it a month later and you can see it differently, or dig up in another continent after 50 years and some cult followers find something stylistically remarkable that was initially unnoticed. Having put the wonderful ecstasy of Robert Carmichael at his British premiere, it was no surprise to me that I found the question and answer session more interesting than the movie itself. Shane Danielsen (artistic director of the Edinburgh International Film Festival), supported by the film's director and producer, gave a fierce defense of a movie, but received an overall negative response from the audience. Edinburgh Festival audiences are not easily shocked. Only one person was horrified. The criticism of the film includes many articulate and constructive of the lay public as well as an actor and a woman who teaches M.A. film directors. It wasn't an exaggerated 'shocking' movie. There was some uninterrupted sexual violence, but far less extreme than many movies (most of the actual gun contact was obscured, as genital organs aroused). The audience did not like it because they were boring for two hours, where the perceived standards were not high, where the plot was poor, predictable and withdrawn, and where they deal with clumsy and pretentious films on the promise of a controversial movie. . Metaphors on the Iraq war have been confronted, over-emphasized and sloppy (apart from a general call to violence, a deeper meaning is unclear); and the "fig leaf" reference Marquis de Sade, as one member of the audience stated, seems a mere tokenist excuse for the lack of plot development after the final. <br /> <br /> We've got the story of an adolescent who goes for a certain amount of money (he's at school for his musical ability), but takes drugs and hangs out with little or nothing they go and whose criminal activities lead to rape and violence. When it pushes, Robert seems to have a lot of violence in him. <br /> <br /> The movie is not completely without merit. The audience was left to decide how Robert came this way: was it the influence of his peers? Why didn't all the good influences and concerns of parents and teachers include a better approach to life? Kinematically there is a nicely groomed scene where he hangs back (or by too many drugs, shame, a latent sense of morality or just waiting for his turn). Several of his friends raped a woman in a back room, partly shone and framed in the center of the screen. In the foreground of the bare legs flat, a DJ is more concerned that the girl's screams are interrupting his happy home music than any woman's thought. Eventually he is a little irritated when their activities attract the attention of the police. The harsh compilation of serious headphones enjoyment of his music, even when he knows a rape, goes on his utter disdain in a deeply disturbing way. Robert falls in the foreground with his back to us. <br /> <br /> But the rest of the movie, including its so-called controversial climax that results in significant sexual violence, is not up to this standard. Some people had a strong reaction to it (the filmmakers' intent: "If they vomit, we managed to make a response"), but mostly - and so far as I can say, the Edinburgh reaction apparently reports Cannes reflected - they feel, "Why have programmers subjected us to such inferior quality movie-making?" Director Clay Hugh could speak, but did not develop artistic vision. His answers on keeping a mirror to life to tell the truth about things being shoved under the carpet, even his defense that there is little plot development because he doesn't want to do a standard Hollywood movie - everything is good answers to criticism, but unfortunately it does not apply to his film, more than they do to keep a mirror while someone is uncovering or losing film while playing inactive with symbols. I wanted to try him a few minutes after the show, but I found him so unpleasant as his movie and soon went to the pub to wash my mouth with something bigger. There are many truths. One aspect of art is to educate, another to entertain, another to inspire. I asked him if he had a social or political agenda and he called Ken Loach (one of the many big names he took in vain) without going so far as to accept any agenda himself. He then falls back on his mantra about his work to tell the truth. I feel it was an overarching project for a new director, or else a dishonest attempt to put himself on the map by posting publicity for second-hand work. <br /> <br /> Andy Warhol has a can of paint soup and it was art. Clay Hugh would like to imitate the great directors who made controversial theater and pushed boundaries. Unfortunately, at present, his ability to make sounding excuses for a publicity-seeking film extends.
