I'm not sure what dragged me into the movie to watch this movie, but a few minutes after it started, I wanted to leave the theater. For a while I was hoping, at least the story would surprise me, but then realized it was a waste of time, there was nothing there. I just stayed because I had another show. <br /> <br /> Design: some designs where very nice, mostly from the environment, but the characters were terrible in terms of animation and design. They look good while they are still - on posters and screen shots, but not when they should live! They just didn't work, mostly because the same mistake made most 3D companies: technically, it's really hard to create natural materials in 3D, which makes you feel the character is alive. You need a lot of effort and knowledge (therefore money) to create something that really has hair, skin, dust, etc. Feel. The characters in the film were made of "cloth" and it just didn't work! They therefore had this ugly cold sense of computer art, where the cloth stretched or pressed like a piece of plastic. It just didn't have the feel of a material made of dolls (that's what those characters mean). I think it was a big mistake to choose this style for the characters. It only had a sense of a 3D shoot'n'run computer game. I don't want to go to the theater to have a computer game on my screen, don't know about you. <br /> <br /> Animation was also a shame. I am a professional animator and was very disappointed with the low level of animation in "9". It was stiff, boring, almost had no imagination or mood. It was just a little over most average 3D animations I saw, and it doesn't add up to a good thing. <br /> <br /> All this - the bad character design and bad animation can be solved with a good story, right? This was not the case here. Actually, the story was the worst in that movie. It was below any level. It starts straight ahead, it goes straight ahead and ends the same. There is no strife, no surprise, no good dialogue, no development. We have heard thousands of times hearings of machines and watched the machines overtake a thousand times and "9" is just one of them, and we know how it ends in the first minute of that movie. The characters don't even have time to get into the story - they're just there, almost right away, and right away some of them get on without even knowing what's going on. It just didn't work. There are also many repetitive action series, which seem to have been made to fill in the time for the lack of a story ... <br /> <br /> Acting, sound and writing - o my gosh, what I can tell, it was pathetic. Bad story has a bad writing, and besides dialogues like "No, don't do it!" "I'll do it!" "But ... you can't do it alone!" "We can do it together!" "But there are rules!" "But we must save him!" and so forth, and so forth, and repeat all the time, except for the terribly pathetic dialogues, there were the non-stop "Ahh" and "Ohhh" and "Ehh" and "Oooh" and "Whatchout" and "Run!" and "oohh ! " which followed almost every jump, run or fall of the characters and it even sounded like they were not synchronized or even unmanaged. <br /> <br /> Conclusion: bad acting, bad animation, bad sound, bad story, bad writing, bad characters, everything expected, no surprises, no twists, nothing. Only a few good designs are not worth the time. GREAT NO!
