I can't seriously believe Tim Burton and Timur Bekmambetov, two people I love, signed to produce this crap. Tim Burton is a brilliant director, but to be honest, I lost some interest in him for a while, as his last movie was both remakes or adjustments. He produced the brilliant "Nightmare Before Christmas", one that I watched several times and directs movies like Beetlejuice and Sleepy Hollow, which are great movies. Bekmambetov directed 3 films that I love: Night watch, Day Watch, and Wanted. I just saw the three of them, but they prove he's a great director. <br /> <br /> The two people produce one of the many reasons I was excited to see 9. So today I'm going to watch the theater. I was so excited to finally see it. I waited 7 months for the movie to come out. <br /> <br /> This movie was the first time I walked out of a Tim Burton-related movie and said "I almost didn't enjoy it". I felt sad to even feel so. I mean, with him and Bekmambetov at the production helmet, you would have expected this movie to be a good look. Right now I still can't talk about how late I was at this movie. I didn't even hear of the original short film before I saw it, but now I can say with success that this movie had to be a short movie. Hell, Neil Blomkamp has an AWESOME full-length remake of Alive in Joburg entitled District 9, which was so difficult to get right about 9? I really wanted to think this movie was great. I really did. But no, it failed at so many levels. <br /> <br /> The plot was extremely confusing and unfounded. I didn't know what was going on, let alone what it was all about. Actually, it's about a bunch of dummy robots trying to save the earth. Well, okay, that's what I got from it. But the writing here is extremely poor. The whole movie jumps like a 6-year-old with A.D.D. tell a story. There is this huge, huge sound-like monster robot that awakens 9 and causes destruction. That's the biggest villain. But what's wrong with this movie is that everything comes out of the new. There were too many monster robots, most of which have no logical explanation behind them. They didn't have any development whatsoever. I mean, the flying pterodactyl like the monster just doesn't get anywhere, we have no idea where it comes from and Acker just expects us to know what it is. What was even more delayed was the snake-like creature with the blunt eyes hypnotizing. I dare give you that description to someone else and expect them not to laugh. All three of the people I talked about broke out. Oh, and it hits the victims and sticks them into it. I. NOT. Kidding. <br /> <br /> The turn in Act III is the most delayed aspect of the whole movie. So actually 9 goes back to the room where he woke up. He finds this box with a scientist's hologram for 9, and he tells him that the big scary machine robot is designed to bring the robot life to earth, but then the evil people use it for war, and that was supposed to protect the earth, but then the scientist gave his life to 9 so that it could protect the world with it. And HE ONLY LIFE HIS LIFE TO 9. But what about the other robots? Who gave them their life? This is the perfect example of poor, fast-paced writing. There is only one of the life-recorders that exists, so how did the other 8 give life to them? The characters are also not nice at all. They didn't endanger their lives for any reason. The only good character is 7. 6 has annoyed me with his "BACK TO THE SOURCE !!!!!!" ramblings, 1 is an overwhelming idiot, 2 we know nothing, 5 keep me busy with "Are you sure ..." or "Can I stay here ...?" questions. And it ends? UGH. I'm glad I'm not the only one who thinks the end was a great WTF moment. <br /> <br /> There is nothing left about this maze except for its beautiful animation. Everything looks realistic and beautiful, I like the gloomy and depressing look of everything. However, beauty cannot save a good movie. <br /> <br /> While it is true that this movie looks very nice, it's pretty beautiful, and 9 stamps. I'm sure Burton fans are going to whistle to the theater to see this movie without a doubt. In fact, with his and Bekmambetov's names being thrown around the promotions, people will stream to the theater to see this movie. I know I can make a big problem out of nothing, but I watched this movie to realize how much I hate movies with indifferent characters, non-existent plot and just pure content about content. And this movie is one of those movies.
