First of all, this movie is not a complete disaster. If you've never heard of the true story of Gram Parsons, it may seem a pretty entertaining distraction. Johnny Knoxville can't really be criticized for his actions as Phil Kaufman. He is pretty good at looking back and down to earth, and you can have his root for his long-suffering general. Michael Shannon is due for exactly the same reasons, except he is a hippie stoner. There are some good individual comic scenes - the hippie hearth crawling into the airport's hanger stands out. But that's where the good stuff ends, and we start to see the things that make this movie so disappointing. The character of Robert Forster as Gram's real father is an invention so embarrassed to throw an injury across the film. We all know that his real father committed suicide when he was young - something that could certainly be compared to Gram's life on the brink of a better filmmaker. With Forster as his supposed true father, and not his stepfather would be bad enough, if not for the well-known problems Gram had with the man who actually flew to collect his body. It was suggested that his stepfather had allowed Gram's mother to provide alcohol, as she died and that it made Gram furious when he later found out. Also, the controversy over where Gram's body is buried will probably be enough reason not to think of a well-made father who actually enters the duo and their hearse, but allows them to go on fire. Whatever the truth about the man named Gram Parsons, he certainly has no resemblance to Forster's character here, and it's hard to see why this role was written. Then there is the addition of Christina Applegate as a greedy chick (yet very beautiful of course) who wants Gram's body back so she can enter his estate. Her character and her acting are not there and the one wonder why the director not only went the whole whore and included a lesbian scene between her and the chick playing Kaufman's girlfriend (this would not be the show) much lowered. more). If you think of the ingredients that could be used in a good film about Parsons, the shortcomings of this movie are clear. Country music is being transformed by a young, polite, southern gentleman - who was also long-haired, drug-friendly, popular with ladies and ultimately self-destructive. Real events such as the hanger scratch and the painted hearse and friends like Keith Richards. Instead of these things, we must focus entirely on Kaufman's input into Gram's life. Of course, Kaufman still makes the cult status he received for what he did (he is definitely a small cult). From interviews it is clear that he is pleased with the attention. Remember, this is the man who made a comment on the genitalia of the naked body of Gram Parsons while he was preparing to burn it. What he did was not an act of great loyalty, but a baptized alcoholic escape. Look at Knoxville and the director in interviews, also some things become clear. It is obvious that they have no real understanding of the story of Gram's life, nor do they want to. They want a hit movie about an event that is notorious and crazy. It was a wonderful life with a strange end. That end is the only thing covered by this movie, showing how limited an understanding of Gram Parsons is to the makers.
