If you're a fan of the late Gram Parsons, this movie will definitely divide you! Part of the comedy, part-path movie, but mostly a bad fictionalization of one of the funniest stories of rock history. <br /> <br /> SPOILERS-- <br /> <br /> Basically, the story is a well-known roadie named Phil Kaufman (played by Johnny Knoxville) who "supposed" made a pact with the cult rock / country / folk music hero Gram Parsons who said when one of them died first (no matter which one it was) that the other living one was To run the deceased to the desert, Joshua Tree National Park in California to be precise and to get hold of the body ... to free the spirit and become one with the earth, and so forth! Certainly to keep his word, barely sober Kaufman, with the help of a self-heating, boyfriend, Jacks, the body of the late Parsons, who dosed a day earlier from the airport overpowered a drug and liquor is. And shortly afterwards, it's a merging combination of fiction and truth, where late Parsons girlfriend, Kaufman's friend, Parsons fathered a rock face, and a lot of police officers and other useless idiotic characters all try to beat the clock. to talk) to catch Kaufman and his partner before getting the chance to torch Parsons body! <br /> <br /> The movie's incompetent direction, bad acting, and low sound generally show, this movie sinks faster than the Titanic. And not to mention the great fact that this movie does not even tell half the truth of the real events that occurred. The accuracy that the inaccuracies had to replace was as far as I heard it: number 1. Parsons was married during his death and even had a child, so what was hell all about the girl's and the pursuit and what not ? No. 2, Kaufman's stunned friend was a willing participant (as opposed to what the film is trying to portray) in the disposal of Parson's body, and finally number 3. Gram Parsons when he was just a boy and so it was Parson's stepfather (who could have been honest with Gram Parsons when he was still alive) in the real life that cared for the body after it burned! All that probably disturbs most about this movie is that real Phil Kaufman was actually on the scene to help with the facts of the story. And yet the movie has finally become so untrue and so bad that it really is really my mind! <br /> <br /> Also, like the mediocre play in the movie, it's the main character played by the ultra-lattice Johnny Knoxville (Phil Kaufman), not just a bad actor, but he seems Sleep most of the movie asleep, and the rest of the pathetic throw is mostly hysterical, brain dead, or totally clueless about what they're actually doing there! Overall, if you like Johnny Knoxville and whether the bad-they-don't-good friends can really dig, I think you can just get a kick from this movie! But if you're like me and a fan of the late Gram Parsons, enjoy movies that are trying to tell the truth as much as they can, especially if they are based on a real life story, and whether you're like good movies , being-them-movies, or fiction-cuts-of-life-stuff, you will really chase this movie and recommend others to do the same. Of course I hated this movie and wished it was never made in the first place, but since it was made, I would have preferred it to be different than it did. Unfortunately! Perhaps the true facts of the story will one day go through and be made in a very big biopic life on the whole Gram Parsons life ... not just what happened to his body after his spirit left it. But until then we all come as an audience and whether the fans of the late performer are this sad waste of film and an all-embracing terrible memorial of the musical legacy that Gram Parsons announced to stay behind. . It should also be noted that they have actually used Parsons music, as well as some others in the movie, but not surprisingly, but you will never hear enough to enjoy it even in the smallest part. (Turkey-Zero Stars)
