From the Q&A before and after, that's what I could collect: Some Irish guys want to make a movie. Nothing in particular, just a movie. So, one night at a party, he hears some ex-roadie telling him a classic piece of rock n roll lore; One about how Gram Parsons 'body of LAX was stolen through his loyal path, so he could honor Parsons' wishes that he was cremated in Joshua Tree. Wow! <br /> <br /> What a great idea for a movie! Rock n'roll (well, country), rob rob, escape, friendship, the 70's! I think we can get Johnny Knoxville from Jackass because it's kind of a prank, and Knoxville also wants to make a movie. Why had he thought he had the next "Snatch" on his hand! <br /> <br /> But this story isn't really that exciting. We need something for Knoxville to fight against. Just like a psychotic girl after his money! But then Parsons was married. It's OK, nobody knows. In addition, we could get Christina Applegate. But what if the audience doesn't steal the idea of ​​a corpse. Well, we'll get his dad to join the hunt, but eventually give permission. But Parsons' father killed himself when he was 10, actually his orphan status and tragic childhood are important parts of Parsons mythology. Mythology? We make a movie! It's creative problem solving. <br /> <br /> It is an awkward experience for anyone who is even vaguely aware of or interested in the subject. Applegate's presence doubles embezzlement. First her invented character is a Beverly Hills bitch before her time. She could just walk through a cell phone in her hand around the whole movie. Secondly, what kind of person would Parsons be if he ever linked to this type of harpy? Facts are not just distorted or omitted, but reversed. They could easily have found the villain they wanted in Parsons STEPfather, who tried to return the body to his home state where the law would allow him to divide the substantial inheritance. <br /> <br /> And the music, oh, the music I love. The music is hacked (the bridge of a song here, the chorus there), forced to the background, and ultimately, terribly covered by the hottest new indie band, Starsailor. My friend asked the unnecessary but irresistible question for the movie - was there anyone there, the author, the producers, the director, actually a Gram Parson's fan? Well, no. He's never heard of Gram Parsons, but of course, blah blah, I've learned to love it, and here are some facts I've read in a bio online. Another man told Parsons coolness that he and Keith Richards sat together and put together Wild Horse, a mixed group of facts as off-base like the movie. Another person asked, was it not morally questionable to rewrite history when most people just knew about this movie? Well, he had the right road permission (he was even set up) and the Parsons estate gave permission, and all the other people who paid, said it was wonderful. <br /> <br /> But what I really was wondering about, and asked in the embarrassment of a truly passionate Parsons geek, was, if the film was made so cheap (a million), they didn't have the original Gram Parsons fanbase considered an audience? The director and writer thought he was a character without a fan base. Although I have doubts about any Mojo magazine reading, the country's rock fan 70's musician would agree. But a lot of Brits made it, and they just didn't care about cosmic American music, or even knew it existed. It's not just a true Parsons movie, it's not even in the right spirit. It doesn't even fit the legend. At least it had to have the sentimentality of one of his songs. And many people would like to be told. <br /> <br /> I must mention that the movie was well received by the bunch of stoned college kids, just off the slopes, and in Johnny Knoxville. But if you're a Parsons fan, ignore the title, it's just a Jackass fan movie.
