Scarecrow is in the small American city of Emerald Grove where high school student Lester Dwervick (Tim Young) is regarded as teachers and fellow students as the local geek geek. The poor child suffers from daily humiliation, bullying, teasing and general esteem that destroys abuse in the hands of his peers. Unfortunately, he doesn't get much support at home, as his mother is a slut. After Lester attacked one of her blocks, he chased him into a wheat field and strangled the poor child. But something magical happens (no, the movie doesn't suddenly get well), Lester's spirit is transferred into the wheatfield scarecrow that he uses as a body to take revenge on those who tormented him and made his life hell ... < <br /> <br /> Co-written, co-produced and directed by Emmanuel Itier, who, according to the IMDb credit list, also plays a role in the film as someone who Named Duforq, though I don't remember a character of this name. , I suppose anyone who eventually looks at the IMDb pages for Scarecrow will probably already be aware of its terrible reputation and I must earn it very well because it's terrible. The writer of Itier, Bill Cunningham and Jason White uses the story that is often told of one of the losers of life chosen and tormented for no good reason to get their revenge by supernatural means in a relatively straight forward teen stroke. We've seen it before, we've seen killer-scarecrows before, we've seen how faceless teenagers are killed one by one. We saw that one of the losers of life is vengeance, we have seen crazed villains making jokes as they kill and we have seen incompetent little village sheriff, making things worse. The only real question that needs to be answered about scarecrow is whether it is nice to look at a dumb teen scraper type level? The answer is a sound no to be honest. The film has terrible character, terrible dialogue, an inconsistent and predictable story. It has some weird one-liners like when the scarecrow kills someone with a spade, he asks, can you dig it? & the so-called strife which is aimed at opening things up for a successor is just lame. The movie moves at a reasonable pace, but it's not that exciting and death is forgotten. You know I'm still trying to figure out how someone can be stabbed and killed with a stick. <br /> <br /> Director Itier does not do a very good job here, the murder tones are poor Handle with no build up whatsoever which means there is never tension, such as within two seconds of a character being launched, they are murdered. Also I am not happy with the killer scarecrow man who has all these backflips & somersaults through the air in scenes that feel like they belong in The Matrix (1999) or some Japanese kung-fu flick! To give it a little credit, the real scarecrow mask looks really good and he looks pretty cool, but he is given little to do except spraying bad one-liners and turning a little. Don't you think it would have been tied up in the middle of a wheat all day to be boring? I know he is a killer scarecrow, but I still say he would have been bored just hanging on a log all day! There is no nakedness and the gore is nothing to write home, there is a decade, someone's face is burned, someone is killed with a stick of corn, someone gets a spade in their throat, a a few centuries are stuck in people's heads, someone has torn their heart and someone has a metal thing that comes through the back of their head that comes out of their mouth. <br /> <br /> With a so-called $ 250,000 budget, it was shot in 8 days. At least they didn't waste any time on unimportant things like story and character development. Technically, it's pretty much point, shoot and hope for the best things. If you look at the guy on the floor who just dropped his heart, you can still see him still breathing ... The play sucks, the guy who played Lester's mother's blouse, wears the dumbest-looking wig and fake mustache ever since he played two roles in the film and the makers needed him to disguise him, but they eventually became ridiculous and did not start on his accent. <br /> <br /> Scarecrow has a few fun moments & the real scarecrow itself is a good creation with good special makeup effects, but overall, the movie has been poorly made, poorly acted, silly, too predictable and very cheesy. If you want to see a big killer scarecrow, look at Scarecrows (1988). Not to be confused with the Gene Hackman & Al Pacino movie Scarecrow (1973) or the upcoming horror flick Scarecrow (2008) currently in production. Scarecrow proves popular enough on home video to grow two more straight to video sequels, Scarecrow Slayer (2003) and Scarecrow Gone Wild (2004).
