Let's be honest will we? Al Gore no longer really cares about the environment than most people care about contacting foot fungus. It's a hook! Don't make a mistake, Al Gore is a POLITICS! Three years ago he was hidden in his homeland / made ticket, which did 70 km / h in a 55 mph zone, which was not a hybrid, a Yugo, or even a GM Metro, but a LINCOLN board don't google it if you want! Or how about the fact that Mr. Gore and his Hollywood friends use a private fuel guzzling jets to attend the prime ministers of "An Inconvenient Truth". So much for conservation, Al? Anyway, it just takes a moment to look subjective to an uncomfortable truth "and discover the most important fundamental mistake. While the film reveals many seemingly impressive scientists to tell the audience about the effects of suspected" global warming ", there is not one scientist to tell the alleged cause of it, for example: I can take a hundred people to a parking lot and they can indicate a car that does not run, BUT can they tell you with any certainty, WHY? Generally, a second mistake, how accurate were the weather instruments 100 years ago (the toilet was not even found out?) What did they have, a June match in a match box? Hell, even 50-60 So why do we know with any degree of certainty that the planet "gets hotter" when past records are very dubious? Or that man is the only cause? The answer is not & Science is never " a consensus no. Thirty years ago, Time Magazine issued a cover explaining a new ice age. The truth is, any scientist of the 6th grade who is competent in Earth sciences will tell you that volcanic extermination, solar activity and El Ninos are more concerned with our extinction of climate change than supposed "global warming". Finally, what Al Gore does not properly address is; Even if America decides to follow the worldwide gospel according to Al and implement everything it recommends, how will we follow the rest of the world to follow when we can't even get it to vote on something so obvious lies like terrorism? Answer: This is a wish, Mr. Gore. And you're a former US VP. If the people who produced an awkward truth were really honest, they would call their movie "Al Gore Wants Attention". But what I really want is that someone should ask the former VP; Why were two of the planet's biggest polluters (AKA China and India) RELEASED from complying with Kyoto agreements? Anyway, I hear the A.I.T producers working on their next movie, "Gnomes, Fairies & Elves: Our Endangered Friends."
