An uncomfortable truth is only quite simplistic and demagogic like the turgid demolition created by rabid and idiotic Republicans. It winds along intangible lines until it tries to devour something in your face, namely that we will all be dead within a few hundred years, which is already indisputable, but caring, people are selfish, destructive creatures, I honestly don't waste caring about my extinction time. I just call it a "natural progression". Let the apocalypse begin, but meanwhile, we must listen to the same brawls, oblique politicians suggesting a new "new society". Don't be deceived, we will all be controlled by the rich by those in power. and by the idiots who created the catastrophes in the first place. Nothing will ever change. <br /> <br /> Al Gore, whose hypocrisy is very clear in the movie, while driving alone in a hospitable car with a consumer computer, also lives on large hectares of land. In a rather large mansion, the country itself is used for destructive erosive purposes, including cattle, tobacco, pig farming (which is responsible for methane gas tracks) and who knows what else, his wealth is based on exploitation, greed and his investments include many companies in the world with controversial records. I hardly think this man is qualified to teach less fortunate people, but his prestige is based on his opposition to another ridiculous political party, and all this, in the meantime, gives out the many stubborn features that make politics and politicians so terrible. This bozo happens to live the comfortable life and yet does he give poor people in Africa about farming and cutting and burning techniques? He travels across the globe in first-class fuel-wasted seats, using the product-placed computers in the documentary, yet he thinks everything is a "moral issue". He is completely absorbed in his own deceptive nightmares. He says he came to these conclusions because of the death of his sister (of tobacco-induced cancer and the death of his son's death by a car of all things). Has he fought against the tobacco companies or suggested that cars be banned because they are dangerous lifting machines? NO. Everything must serve the economy, so why is he different, the answer is he is not. <br /> <br /> His lost and exhausted efforts on the humanist philosophy are disastrous, though filmed in the woods or along a small river, which turns a sturdy life-affirming quote. Well, Mr Gore, why don't you try to live like the ordinary people? He is a politician, simple and simple, he has invested a career in the power structure. My question is why does he not concentrate on the powerful industrial countries of the earth that should blame most complications? He does not, because it will be unwise for "investments, stocks and corporations." <br /> <br /> Al Gore gives monotonous lectures on the subject in the documentary, namely to rich white people in the audience, who bang on the cue, showing graph graphs, numbers and percentages and talking in an urgent tone , no one without a Harvard (who controls the elite) can make sense, but he tells us everything goes to hell. No joke, but I think he fails to rectify this problem, exactly in the approach taken by capitalism for the planet, namely that it is consumable and a rubbish dump. He never once mentions how industrialization created these problems, but only wants to place light bonds on them, but not cut off the whole repressive system. It is obvious that he has been spoiled, sent to schools for elites and has the same basic temperament for politics as any other backward, inconsistent dullard in Washington. Whoever made this propaganda, since it was by no means different from what the Republicans thought, only had goals in mind that were directed by capitalist impulse. That is, someone will benefit, and it looks as if the "new green" politicians who support venture capitalists buying ground hurdles to develop the "new Utopian future" with "new technology". This is the same old story, Al Gore is a believer in the elitist structure. He actually believes there is a "democracy" in the US that I find very naive. If we do not pay the oil companies wages, we will pay it to the wind and solar corporations. <br /> <br /> I find the speech at the end rather whacky, in the sense of something GW Bush would have overcome in the nineties on the stupid masses. Gore talks about "people who unite together to defeat communism" in the 1990s, who did so with global warming, absolutely nothing but trying to rotate basic emotions in people. With that he did not understand that communism never existed in the world, the systems in Europe and the USSR were merely a tyrannical form of authoritarianism and capitalism, no less different than American interests control. Social ecology is not even mentioned here, which is actually a tribulation. If you want to change the world, you need to get rid of the outdated systems based on greed, exploitation and violence.
