Well, maybe the PC version of this game is impressive. Can be. I just finished the PS2 version and it's a complete mess. <br /> <br /> There are some elements that are okay or promising. I'll mention first because it will be quickly over. First, the idea of ​​a historical GTA-like game is a wonderful one. The game Gun was a historic GTA-like game and unlike Mafia, Gun was excellent. I'd like to make a match that is right during the Mafia era. Next, the storyline is well written. The story makes sense, it has dramatic bows, it uses an unusual device (with lots of game that is a wallpaper) and it's interesting. Lastly, some of the graphics - especially those used during cutting styles - are impressive. Mafia's designers focused on getting the graphics right in the places where GTA was trying, especially the characters. Unfortunately, in many other areas, the pictures stink, and I'd rather have a great game than impressive characters. <br /> <br /> The game is what makes the title sink so low. First, the controls and the camera absolutely suck. It must be the first focus of any game developer. You can't solve a game where the controls and / or the camera suck. Number one, there is no reason that the player's character, Tom, cannot control his full range of motion controlled by the left analog stick. Unless it is absolutely necessary, and it is almost never, I hate the essay where the left stick moves the character in a "punishment" way and the character can only be used with the right analog stick. Here it is not just unnecessary, it makes most of the simplest actions a challenge. For example, Tom needs to climb a few missions. But the game is so poorly designed that you have to stay frustrating, manipulate both the right analogue and the camera, and then press L1 each time you have to climb, or Tom will drop. <br /> <br /> Next, I've never seen a worse combat system. The first problem is that you can't automatically target any targets. At an early stage, the game seems to tell you that you can use L2 or R2 to close targets, but it never worked. To concentrate on any enemy, you have to struggle with the stupid, real analog stick and try to adjust the character's orientation and the camera. It tends to turn to the wrong angle or to always vanish Tom. By that time you will probably be pummeled or shot dead. <br /> <br /> Next, if you hit or touch an enemy - and this will definitely be the case for hand-to-hand battles. Or when using melee weapons, the battle system - consisting mainly of typing or holding R1 - is completely useless. Enemies can hug you in a bear hug, but you just can't move unless you come back. So close fights tend to consist of you on the left analogue stick, screaming at the character to move away, which will not do 50% of the time, and then save R1 as much as possible before the enemy getting too close again and making R1 useless. And if the enemy changes your angle in the meantime, you'll also struggle with the right analog stick to leave your character in the right way and get the camera in position so you can see something. By that time you will probably be pummeled or shot again, and your only option is to try to move the character away again. My battles often consisted of making Tom circles around an area such as a comedy film, hoping that I could have enough time to argue with the analog stick and get some shots again before going back to the AI's grace was. So much for realistic fighting. <br /> <br /> The same problems and more exist when trying to fight with guns. If you touch someone, half the time the controller will not allow you to fire a shot, but they can still get you full of holes. In addition, there is no automatic target, and the target system is ridiculously sensitive, even with zero sensitivity under Options. Gunfights tend to consist of your hopelessly trying to move or move away while the enemy shot after it was shot in you. Fortunately or not, it appears that damage is almost randomly recorded. It can take one to ten shots or more to extract any character, and there is no drive or reason for it. You can put five shots in an enemy's head and a point of bare faces and they will still get fire and hurt you. Yet the game designers seem to care about realism, as they have a setback in your goal system, so after shots with powerful enough guns, your goal will drive off the target and you'll have to fight again. <Br /> <br /> As for celebrated graphics, except for the characters and textures you are close to, they are pretty disappointing. The distance is always mostly empty, and there are often extensive flat colors and textures in the area when driving. The city was not very well designed. It is not varied enough and there are not many interesting things to see or do. The cars look slow and they are difficult to control. They also all drive about the same. Some mentioned the music, but it was also quite indescribable. A much better job could have been done at that point. Also, as many others have mentioned, the load times are ridiculous and constant. They tend to be more than a minute, and they come between and in the middle of everything - even running. <br /> <br /> Overall, the Mafia port to PS2 seems to be rushing. The game feels and plays like an unfinished hack job.
