The play in this movie stinks. The plot makes very little sense, but from what I have collected, it is supposed to go over this scientist, who has the ability to turn people's personal objects into small steel balls which then fly into their mouths and turn them into zombies ( or their heads up, whatever). And the effects are also bad. Most of the movie is made up of bad music, with the actors dancing one day to the bad music, with several boring sex scenes. It must be one of the worst things ever made, but for one thing. One element of scissors glare making "Nightmare Week" stands above all others. And the special quality is the presence of George. <br /> <br /> George is the lovely interface device between the scientist's daughter, Jessica, and the computer system for the computer. With his green hair and nose, bare scalp and heart-shaped mouth, George is the guardian angel / confidant of Jessica. He asked him for advice on how to meet guys in one of the most dramatic dialogues ever captured on celluloid. With his monotonous synthesized voice, George tells Jessica the percentages of male women in white dresses, and the hitch-hiking is the third best way to meet guys at discos and bars. Of course, little Jessica can't seem to be in trouble, causing George to perform "Emergency Program Code: Protection Jessica", which is the result of the violent death of Jessica's attacker through one of the above steel balls. br /> <br /> Kubrick was a great fool to think he could give a computer personality using red light approaches. HAL had to be suggested by our friend George to translate compassion for his ultimate downfall. The light and sound show at the end of "Close Encounters"? Not bad, but how much better would have been that movie as the center of the first communication with strangers George the Hand Puppet. Bishop, Data, R2? kitchen appliances next to the Almighty George! He may be only 8 minutes out of 90 in the movie, but don't be deceived. This show is all about George. With even that limited amount of screen time, George includes in the ranks of such light movie characters such as Hollywood Montrose, Majai, and Pappy from "New Moon Rising" as icons of American cinema. "George to Apache" ?? you are my hero.
