Have you ever had a cool picture in your mind that you thought it would be nice to be in a movie: Like seeing a detective looking through the cracks of a broken fence of an abandoned house ? Or do you see a woman walking in a street, cold and intense and extremely alert? Yes. Imagine stretching the picture to a whole movie, you have Broken's idea, but there are no detectives in this movie. I use it only as a visual example. But the intense look woman is here and she has filled almost 99% of the screen time. I have nothing to complain about the woman, she is a perfect choice for this role. <br /> <br /> I consider myself a very open-minded person who can enjoy all sorts of artistic expressions and I can really enjoy really moody things. It will be really cool if I frame one of the scenes from this movie and hang it on the wall. Let's be honest here, the acting is great. Some of the expressions on the actor's face are what keeps me watching. <br /> <br /> Now on the problem of this movie. Besides the mood, there's not much else here. The director basically took an obsession with an idea and streamed it much further than it was worth. I don't see it as a forerunner when I say the obsession is 'mirror'. Let's see it, this simple idea is everywhere in the bloody place and that's what the director is doing. Granted, there are a few turns and turns here and there. If you paid any attention, nothing would surprise you at last. Right now there are obvious plots. <br /> <br /> Now, I don't choose legs with this style of art, since I enjoyed most of them. . I still believe that we should judge an art basis on the medium it uses to express what the artists want to express. Movie is not a piece of music, or a picture, or a painting, or even a poem, and certainly not just a cool picture in your mind. That's all plus a good story and character development. I look at the Lynch movie story style. It is irresponsible and inexpensive and a waste of the medium. For a good reason, our movies have been given movie time for 2 hours. Therefore, we should judge it differently than judging a single picture, such as a picture or painting. <br /> <br /> This movie is not quite Lynch-style, thank you. It has a linear development and has finally come to a conclusion. It doesn't have much story or character development. Rather, it has presented itself seriously with characters made up of ordinary people, thus renouncing other fantasy things, at least from the surface. It does not provide an explanation of the fantasy element, or has it ever tried to build a coherent world around it. The strangeness comes from nowhere and looks rather isolated and coincidental. Perhaps the coherence remains in the director's direction, but from what I can see, he didn't bother to realize it on the screen. Where did he make his effort? It seems that he has put a lot of effort into building the mood and improving it with the music. The music often built up tension that eventually turned into a pest. Only in the later part of the movie did the fright and tension materialize. <br /> <br /> In the end I felt: OK, I know what you're trying to say here, but that's the point you're trying to make by spending two hours building all this tension? Rather, it is irrelevant to who the characters are and what kind of life they have. And we are given very little about who the characters are. All we have is these circumstances that just happened. Disappointing, but I think the director doesn't have much material to work with and it shows.
