I give this movie 3 out of 10 because I watched seventeen movies and I can clearly tell what an intellectual movie with a mental report should look like. Certainly, The Broken is not one of those movies. I have to admit that the movie made me think about trying to understand what the whole thing was trying to do, and despite the explanations I read in previous comments, it was just an exaggeration to just one self in the intellectual league of people. The photo on the cover clearly shows that the broken is the broken upper part of the face that usually contains the brain. It is a clear message that once this part of the body is broken, the rest will be deformed and lifeless. So, you're starting to wait for the movie characters to show their hidden sides and it's not obvious in any of the screens, because the movie immediately starts without any introduction to the characters and their lives. Although we see that the father is holding a gun when his children try to surprise him as if he is aware, he has enemies, but it is not yet a very strong idea. If the clues were planted more and more in the movie, one would have said it is indeed a masterpiece. But while the film was so slow, it was at the same time so empty with no metaphorical scenes. And the reunification of the evil father with the evil Gena in the end is a strong rebuttal of the existential messages that some people have spoken in other comments. Furthermore, if Gena really lives in the apartment, because her brother tells her at the end, how does she get the evil one? I bet I can defend any theory about this movie with so many questions that can only lead to one conclusion. This movie is a predictive and a waste of time. It is clear that someone trying to make a meaningless mystery has nothing to do with value. I'm a big fan of horror movies and specially slasher kids who call some popcorn movies. Horror movies are not supposed to convey deep messages! They're supposed to expose the beautiful mask of life and show you the other dark side of it, which is the truth, I think. Horror films should have blood, screams, intensity, skeletons, body organs and parts. For this is the real abomination and it is never away from reality. I watched almost all horror movies and I can prove that each one can be as real as the sunrise. Nothing is unreal for as long as the mind imagined. For example, the horror movie "Train" with all its streak and streak and its resemblance, almost in everything with "Hostel", speaks of a very real thing that sells bodily organs illegally by kidnapping people in strange places where nobody would them ask or search. <br /> <br /> And even if we considered the Broken as a movie that has an existential message, it's still very poorly presented and the least scary. I prefer the addiction message offered in Requiem for a Dream, which goes beyond drug addiction to highlight the fact that any form of addiction or sex, TV, security / protection, etc. Could be so destructive and it scared hell from me. And those who always criticize horror movies because they are meaningless and very commercial, are usually just a lot of people who are easily scared and just don't like this genre, but that doesn't mean there are fans of such movies and that they " a lot to offer to the viewer of adrenaline turmoil, ecstasy, leadership lessons (believe it or not!), entertain the most important face to face, interview the essence of life, as ugly and anything as it may seem, death!
