If the myths about broken mirrors were accurate, everyone involved in this production would now experience about 170 years of accident, as there are many mirrors here in small pieces. If the writing was just as shattered, the "Broken" would be a brilliant movie. Now, unfortunately, it's just a long, derivative and dull movie with just a handful of remarkable ideas and memorable sequences. Sean Ellis has made a very attractive and elegantly photographed film, but the story is slim and the total absence of logic and explanation is really frustrating. I talked to a friend about the basic concept and "meaning" of the movie. He thinks Ellis has found inspiration in an old legend claiming that your doctor is a pretext of how you are going to die. Interesting theory, but I'm not familiar with this legend and can't find anything on the internet either. Personally, I just think "The Broken" is another umpteenth variation on the theme "Invasion of the Body Snatchers" but without the alien interference. "The Broken" focuses on the American McVey family living in London, and especially Gina. When a mirror breaks spontaneously during a birthday celebration, it leads to a whole series of mysterious and seemingly supernatural events. Gina mocks herself in a car and follows her mirror image to an apartment building. While driving home in a state of mental confusion, she caused a terrible car accident and ended his hospital. When discharged, Gina feels that her entire environment is changing. She no longer recognizes her own boyfriend, and incredible fragments of the accident shine before her eyes. Does she suffer from mental trauma addressed by the accident or is there really a supernatural conspiracy happening around her? Author / director Sean Ellis certainly mentions feelings of curiosity and tension in his writing, but unfortunately he fails to expand it properly. "The Broken" is a true atmospheric and attractive attempt, but only after just half an hour of film you come to the painful conclusion that it will remain a beautiful but empty package. There is a frustratingly high amount of "fake" tension in this movie. This means that tension through ominous music and ominous camera angels is built up when absolutely nothing has happened so far. By the time the actual mystery comes in, these tricks no longer have a frightening effect on you. Some of my co-judges around here compare the film and especially Sean Ellis's style with the repertoire of David Lynch, Stanley Kubrick and even Alfred Hitchcock, but that's it? AWAY too much honor. PS: What's with the alternative spelling; the one with the Scandinavian "island"
