This film is pure, distilled, unparalleled boredom. I didn't know anything about it until I got into the dark room. I was seduced by the "mysterious and exciting" blurb on the poster I suspect. Also, Lena Headey is nice and unconventionally sexy, and Richard Jenkins is always a trusted guy to have around, so the throw looks reasonable. It may be his name above the title that convinced me to replace it instead of whatever. I had to see Valkyrie for the second time before. <br /> <br /> The thin plot revolves around Headley's Gina McVey, her boyfriend, her father, her sister, and her sister's husband stalking for some reason. , in a very lukewarm and unenthusiastic way, by their evil dopplers coming from mirrors that come to mystery. There may be a good film behind this idea (not an original idea, but ...) and if the filmmakers have chased away all the supporting casts and just held onto Headey's character's story, The Broken Ek made a reasonable 20 minutes short. As it is, it is desperately unmotivated and boring and terribly contradictory. <br /> <br /> For example, in one scene, a mirror strikes its own in a room that manages all the main characters. they look surprised, but quickly forget it. In another scene, a mirror strikes in an empty room, and a doppelganger is visible while watching "outings" of the shields hanging on the wall. So why did the first mirror break if there was no creepy crawly looking for? Just for a little excitement? There are far too many scenes of the characters in the dimly light London apartments. They moved around the corners because they thought they heard something but saw nothing there and continued. We start wondering, why does this malicious gangway never try to scare them? Scare the characters and you have the chance to scare the audience. But we, the audience, must start threatening each other in the darkness of the theater if we want tension during The Broken. Incidentally, once we have spent time with these evil doubles, we are completely upset about why they are expected to be afraid of them - they just stand around, look bright on their faces, perhaps completely harmless after they killed. <br /> <br /> There are a few good moods and getting around, and I dare say that director Sean Ellis can form a really stylish and exciting puzzle movie if he will next hire an imaginative screenwriter.
