A few days after I wrote about how garbage such as MAD COWS and THIS FILTHY EARTH received money while Ange, Duncan and Theo were completely ignored, I had to spend another British movie * scratching my head on why it was a a few pence. Some may claim that DEATH BABIES is based on a highly acclaimed novel, it has a built-in market, but both of these FILTHY EARTH and MAD COWS are also adapted from novels and they were a trial to go through as well. <br /> <br /> I read the synopsis of the plot where a lot of high-class wasters go to a remote house where they are bumped through an internet culture, but to be honest, it's not really how the story is degenerated and anyone expects to meet the 13th Friday SHINING will be extremely disappointed as 90-95% of the running time is included with the mentioned characters who use drugs and discuss sex. And whatever hateful characters they are. Neither of them is fun in any way and within minutes you will get nostalgic for Stalin, Mao and Pol Pot and hope the next time someone starts communist democracy, they will be successful in creating an egalitarian utopia. Anything that will mean the end of such a decadent bourgeois meaningless that the hateful characters start in this movie can only be welcomed. <br /> <br /> Not happy to give us a movie where the plot is meandering and where the audience fails to connect with the characters the director continues to spoil things by getting clever and art. It is undoubtedly that we are impressed so that we will fall on our knees and cry. "Oh my god, who will be a wonderful director like us with his highly artistic technique bamboo and just a worthless plea that a god talent has given to man". I'm sure the vast majority of people shouted, "How did my projects come down while the crap didn't?" Or "WTF was the last half hour of this piece crap all over?" You may be able to defend the movie by saying the original source novel was unmistakable and it made the movie uncompromising. I agree that this movie is incompatible. <br /> <br /> * I know the IMDb classes as a US movie, but the style and bugs with DEAD BABIES are unique to Britain. Americans may think they have trouble with Bush, but we have Tony Blair, not to mention DEADBY, MAD COWS, and THIS FILTER EARTH. No wonder everyone in the 21st century is ashamed to be British
