This movie can be used in movie classes in a "How Not to Script a B-Movie" course. There are inherent limitations in a B-movie: Budgets are tight. Time is precious. (Scarecrow is apparently shot in 8 days) and the actors are often green and inexperienced. The one aspect that you have full control over is writing the best writing you can within the limitations set before you. Scarecrow's script seems to be written in a drunken haze. I can go about fifteen examples of the unbeatable mini-dissertation of this movie, but I'll just mention one: The Gravedigger. The digger's character is launched about an hour in the film. He apparently has no connection with any of the other characters already in the movie. He is shown to his daughter, who also has no connection with anyone else in the movie. The digger is given a few scenes to act and is then killed to expel the body. Why does the Gravedigger give a daughter? Why does the girl give a boyfriend? Why put them in the movie so late? Why not try to make them part of the continuous storyline? The scarecrow does not seem to care. <br /> <br /> The "scarecrow" story of the Scarecrow is as follows: Lester is a high school child (played by and actor I would like to be in his early 30s) picked up by the other children . He is an artist who draws birds and has a classmate named Judy. His mother is a wealthy and the town whore. One of her devastated boyfriends makes fun of his drawings (by calling him a "bassoon" for drawing birds instead of "monsters and cowboys." If you have a high school student who is still drawing cowboys, I'll think of him be more gay than a high school student pulling crows and later kill Lester in a wheat field among the titular scarecrow. Magic goes to Lester's soul in the scarecrow. Somehow, this transfer changes Lester's soul from that of an artist to that of a wisecracking gymnast (I know some reviews called the scarecrow a Kung-Fu scarecrow.) The scarecrow does virtually. a whole floor routine before jumping on the truck the climax of the film). The scarecrow then kills those who tormented him, those who smoke on the grain field, those who dig graves, boyfriends of gravedigger daughters, pretty much everyone who puts on the movie. <br /> <br /> The bonus feature on the DVD should be mentioned. The director (a Frenchman) does an impromptu version of rap music. He admits that he does not have drivers on the scene, so he can screw his wife while working and quoting to live (and I paraphrase). bitch, but it has a good hole. <br /> <br /> Number of beers I drank while watching this movie: 5 Helped: No Number of beers needed to enjoy this movie: Whatever is needed to get drunk level.
