Over the past 20 years, the majority of British films have been about how terrible poverty the UK has hit and how our youth does not give a good life while living on the average streets of British cities. The British film industry is obsessed with the idea of ​​'broken Britain'. Trainspotting, These are England, Kidulthood, Football Factory, Kes and London to Brighton. <br /> <br /> Bullet Boy is just another British movie added to the list. The main character expresses a desire to go straight, but he still insists on hanging with deadly battles, carrying guns and fighting with gangsters for nothing. I was never convinced he wanted to go straight because there was nothing to stop him from pursuing an education or a trade. In fact it would be a fresh air when he went straight and we had a character that turned his life around. Instead, he spends his time helping his friend to commit murder. I felt no sympathy when he was predictably shot by another teenager at the end of the film. It is sad because at the beginning of the film I really had the whole family and their desire for success. I believe the makers have missed a great chance to show the world that success belongs to those who are willing to really strive for it (such as the pursuit of happiness). <br /> <br /> I know the purpose of this movie was to try to make a realistic picture of how life is for black teenagers living in UK workplace areas, but we don't have enough movies in the UK . with the same same plot? Isn't it time, these talented producers and writers give Britains youth something to pursue and show them a better life just around the corner? <br /> <br /> I complain to the makers of Bullet Boy not to fill the movie with unrelenting violence to succeed by shock factors (such as Kidulthood, Football Factory), but at the same time this movie offers nothing new to a long list of British movies that are effectively boring and depressed to watch. There is no happy ending to this movie or any of the others I mentioned.
