One of the five worst movies I've ever watched. And I'm not exaggerating. In fact, I recommend viewing it so that you can get the same sense of unbelief as you can by Showgirls. <br /> <br /> Out of 400 votes, the movie gets a user rating of 5.3 / 10. But there is an excessive number of voters who gave it a 10/10, probably due to the message from the movie - nuclear weapons are the curse of humanity. Chuck Murdock is an all-star small league jug that gives baseball because there are nuclear weapons. Soon "Amazing Grace" Smith is an all-star Boston Celtic inspired by Chuck's story and giving basketball. Soon all sports leagues break from professional level to college to high school to small league in a global protest. Later, all the children of the world are attacking a silence. It inspires the United States president to meet with the Soviet Premier, who agreed in time to eliminate all nuclear weapons in time for the start of the next Liga season. The movie ends with Chuck throwing out the first pitch. The president told his new best friend, Chuck, not to worry about the outbreak of every seizure, as he didn't throw a baseball in a year. <br /> <br /> Somewhere along the line, a deadly underworld boss kills Amazing Grace. When the President finds out, he is told that the FBI can verify the killer, but will never be able to prove it. That's why the president calls the underworld boss ("But this is one. I don't mind, get him on the right track") and tell him he resigns from all the company boards he sits on and sells all the shares he's selling has. And not to get out of line again. <br /> <br /> Honestly, this movie was so crazy that I couldn't turn it off. It was on TV from 2:30 to 4:00, and I watched it all. I'm not turned off by the propaganda against nuclear weapons. I was turned off by the unreasonable breakdown of all organized sports. I don't even understand why "Amazing Grace" Smith was murdered. And with all of these well-known athletes who became Chuck's friends, why was the father constantly upset about how his son had a principality. And there was the cliché moment near the end when Dad told Chuck, "I never told you that, but I'm proud of you." Cue hug.
