It is a pity that almost none of the 30 know the "top" writing of Michael O'Donoghugh magazine articles and SNL sketches that were genius for the time being. And it is a pity that anyone who may take the opportunity to investigate his work will undoubtedly take the easy way out and watch videos - so they lead to MR MIKES MONDO VIDEO. <br /> <br /> This movie has clever elements that are never completely attached to the funny leg. The viewer experiences such things as chick diving / swimming with the man who thinks he has found cats by sliding these kittens into a swimming pool, following the camera in slow motion and mounting. Then we are taken to an island where all the old boyfriends have retired (hula hoop, pet stones, rainbow peace plums, etc.) Then we came into the music world (punk was a new variety of music at the time of this movie) where " D "rat bar performer Rootboy Slim performs 'boogie to you' in its own lazy style of dirty and eclectic sleaze. Now the real beauty of all this is the background music. In many different styles with many different instruments, the sound of TELSTAR and replays - for those who do not understand Telstar, was the first American satellite launched in space and created the theme to celebrate genius and triumph. MR MIKES seems to be intended as a sign of community decay ridiculous waste. Now one thing the theater has offered that the video edition was not a lively performance of Sid Vicious (ex-sex gun, not the wrestler), sang MY GO. His version is very different from Sinatras as one might think, but frankly I feel it is very worth listening ... it's good! This is the sad part. In the VHS edition, Paul Anka refuses the rights of his song and the viewer is forced to experience 3 1/2 minutes of silence with an explanation about the image of the song dead sex pistol. <br /> <br /> I'll give the theater a 5 or 6. The video is closer to a 4 and now there is so much passé. I can see how many people will give it a 3 or 2.5. If you want to see a good O'Donoghugh script, watch SCROOGED ... it's a better tribute to the men's insight and talent.
