Well, I'm probably going to be lambasted by everyone on this site, but The Good Earth is one of the worst structured movies I've seen long ago. We have a 2 and a half hour movie that feels like three and a half because it has two movies in one. The first film tells the story of a family moving their home because of drought and famine. They have to travel south to the cities to get some food or work. Conveniently they find a bag of jewelry and at the same time find out that the drought has ended. Yes OK. With this knowledge they return with their wealth and everything is good and wonderful again. <br /> <br /> Well, it takes about half an hour from the movie and while it's incredibly lifeless, it does have a nice bow. You'd think it would be a fantastic place to end the movie. However, the film continues for quite another hour. And in this remaining time, it takes a simple story about a family dealing with the hardship of the world and changing it into juicy melodrama about betrayal and jealousy among lovers. Oh and the age, money is the root of all evil blah blah. Just because you know you're making an epic movie doesn't mean your story can go unnecessarily for more than it has to do. Also, the main idea I will get about this movie is that the earth is good for this family and they keep it together. Then why spend one hour a story about a rich man who falls in love with another woman and why is the final moment of the movie assigned to a woman who doesn't even have our main character through most of the movie did not help. <br /> <br /> Oh, wait and the movie is not the only thing badly written, the main characters woman makes absolutely no sense. She complains a lot about how she was a slave and she never wanted a slave and yadda yadda yadda. Then why was she ready to sell her only daughter in slavery at the drop of a hat? Even if they were hungry at the time of this idea, it didn't make sense when they complained 20 minutes later in the film that they didn't want a slave again. <br /> <br /> There are other films from the thirties that need attention. The only thing this one goes to is cinematography. The country is beautifully shot, and the sequence with the locusts is very impressive. Too bad, it was in a movie that has nothing to say. <br /> <br /> One last thing. I know Hollywood at this stage was focused mainly on stars and they thought a good actor could portray anything. For most of the movies, Paul Muni puts out an Asian man at his best, but as soon as it gets half the point where the film is going, he loses it and just touches ordinary old Italian Paul, even cutting his hair so he looks like Tony from Scarface (also a better movie than that). Of all the main characters in the movie I think maybe three are actually Asian, the rest are just Americans who are stupid. Oh, and please, Mr. Rainer, it was a very good one note performance, not if I could rip the Oscar out of your hands, oh, I wanted to. <br /> <br /> The Good Earth is an epic waste of time. If you want something in vain to watch a good night, The Grapes of Revenge, a movie that truly deserves praise. Mainly because it was not written by a monkey.
