... because they're both pretty common. I think the best part of the movie is the terrible imperial picture of Faye Dunaway on top of the stairs. She seems to be able to get out of that picture very easily, ripening someone to bloody bits and returning to the portrait calmly and seemingly nothing has happened. Now you know a movie is in trouble if some of the furniture draws your attention. <br /> <br /> I acknowledge that I paid $ 30 for the DVD, so I could see Faye Dunaway in a contemporary horror movie. I know what you think - $ 30 into a gaping black hole. And you will be completely correct. This movie sucks. There it is right in the open. I was expecting a few scarecrows, and I waited and waited and waited. No one came. The raven (probably a raven in make-up) didn't scare me, as small pieces of internal organs didn't scare me, and even Faye didn't scare me. I'm not brave, I know, so it must be the movie itself that is the problem. Besides, Jennifer wasn't afraid either. Her internal organs literally fall apart and she looks more than anything. Her life closed fast and she was worried about getting more money. Honey, you can't take money wherever you go !!! "I need money," she says constantly, completely ignoring the fact that her lungs collapsed and stopped functioning. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, I spent the whole of the exploded movie wondering with the grandmother (Faye). I was initially suspicious, Faye played a grandmother and everyone was still suspicious. There is another relative who lives in the house, that Jennifer and Mary Ellen are forced to share the grandmother of hell, and I suspect she is of the same sex as the grandmother. Here's the weird part - the family member looks like she's just endured her eight hundredth birthday party. Mary Ellen looks like she's just got a facial of a well-known surgeon. Face lifts can't work miracles, but I think Faye's appearance is important for the rice paper plot. SPOILER !!! It seems like the family is being harassed by an illness that affects bad acting ... sorry, my little joke. Seriously, however, there are all the diseases that cause their organs to fail and eventually decompose. Yuck, huh? Interestingly, Mary Ellen is still alive and all her organs are intact. How did she avoid the family curse? Of course there is something about her. <br /> <br /> Another reason for mourning the loss of my thirty dollars - this movie has one of my all-time movie pets. I refer to the double end. This movie ends twice. I absolutely hate it if it happens, and in this movie it feels like the director shot the end, didn't keep it and forgot to remove it during editing. I think it's scary, but it's only when you're a movie editor. <br /> <br /> There is one thing about this debacle, and that's one of the reasons I bought the DVD. The commentary from filmmaker Faye Dunaway, and I wanted to see how she acted when she didn't have lines to recite. Guess what - the movie was so bad I couldn't sit back through it. Drat.
