Jennifer's Shadow is in Argentina and starts when Jennifer Cassi (Gina Philips) arrives after her sister Johanna dies. Jennifer left Johanna's big house in her will, Jennifer decided to sell the house and go back to Los Angeles, although her grandmother Mary Ellen (Faye Dunaway) was opposed to the sale. But strange things start to happen, Jennifer starts nightmares about Ravens picking her and she starts feeling very sick. After a hospital investigation, one of her kidneys seems to have mysteriously disappeared, what happens to Jennifer? Is it an old family curse? Will Jennifer be the one to satisfy this? <br /> <br /> This Argentine American co-production is co-written and co-directed by Daniel de la Vega & Pablo Parés and is a very dull waste of ninety odd minutes, a boring and predictable modern ghost story I would Think, more people will sleep than scare them. The script from Vega, Parés & P.J. Pettiette is pretty slow and boring. It's not what anyone wants. I mean, I'm sure most people don't want to be bored with their skulls. The character is all uninteresting and fairly faceless with little or no motivation for anything they do. For example, who is the cemetery guard? How did he know about the demons? What is his interest and motivation to get involved? I couldn't see it. Jennifer herself is a very unlikely and blind front lady, her grandmother Mary Allen has been cut as they come and it is surprising that she is so obviously the villain. I mean for this kind of mystery based horror / ghost story this is surprisingly predictable and routine. There are gaps in both logic and the story that I didn't enjoy with Jennifer's Shadow with the terrible twist that wasn't much of a twist. <br /> <br /> Directors Vega & Parés go a lot off Used bleaching route almost all the color of the picture, which often does not make it too far from black and white, I suspect they are a period of Gothic wanted to give it a feeling, but it was done so many times before and often so much better. It didn't do much to me and made the whole movie dull and lifeless. There is also a definite 40-year term, from the costumes to the inside of the big house, but again it is rather half-hearted and inexpensive. Jennifer's Shadow is well made, but it's pretty forgetful, it's not scary or creepy and it's quite predictable. If that wasn't enough, there aren't a few scenes of Ravens that come to people and a beating heart, but nothing else. <br /> <br /> With a so-called $ 1,000,000 budget, he has made the chronicles of the raven for the American and international DVD release, which is pretty good, but a million won't buy you too much and Jennifer's Shadow proves the theory a lot. There are also too many scenes of actors talking in thick Argentine accents, although it can be realistic, I really want to understand what people are saying. The play is good, although Dunaway is poorly persuaded and of course there is money. <br /> <br /> Jennifer's Shadow is a rubbish ghost movie I thought was a complete drill from start to finish, I'd rather be The Incredibly Strange Creatures who stopped to live and become mixed-up zombies !! ? (1964) again instead. A total waste of time.
