It is easily the most disappointing, least satisfying movie of the whole so-called black exploitation genre, which is casually films that we generally enjoy in our home. Rather than being "exploitation" or demeaning, these movies actually offer a valuable insight into an era. Well, not Bucktown. <br /> <br /> In this story, Duke goes back to Bucktown to run the night club transferred to him by his recent deceased brother. He quickly learns that the city is completely controlled by a corrupt police force, which protects money from all local businesses. Duke resists, and states he will save the city from the corrupt police. Unfortunately, he does this by calling a post from his friends. These people are vaguely explained as some former black people who worked with Duke on "work" in the past and they just murder the entire police department in cold blood. And literally in the presence of hundreds of witnesses who do nothing to stop it. Ignorance is not a justification for murder, and it would have been much more entertaining to see Cracker police suffer for their actions, rather than just being hit in the street. While revenge is a ubiquitous and generally satisfying theme in movies of this genre, it is far from Pam Grier who traces the heresy that her family breaks down, emits them, gives them a jujitsu ass kickin and gives them a little burning. It has art (and a reason for existing) and deserves a level of respect that is quite undeserved by simply shooting someone in the back. Of course, in this bizarre story she plays a woman completely under The Man's thumb, scared of the Crackers who run her town and suppress her people. In fact, her advice to Duke is: "Run, man, they're going to kill you!" After the sick and gratuitous violence, we are expected to believe that the mayor of the town completely condemns Duke and the Lord. his friends, they congratulate and offer a parade in honor of them, instead of saying, to call the district attorney to press charges against them and arrest them. Duke's posts refuse the parade and prefer to fill the many vacancies on the police force created by their recent murder test. They are immediately even more corrupt than their Cracker Police predecessors (to quote the mayor, "They are ten times worse than we had before!"). Now Duke finds he has to save the citizens of Bucktown again from corrupt law enforcement officers and makes it safe for decent people to run a prostitution business in the streets. Unfortunately, Duke lost all the moral high ground and sympathy because of a hero, as he was a willing participant in the murder of the original police force. I wouldn't have looked after some way if he saved Bucktown or contacted himself at this point. I think we should be entertained by the clever way Duke has to split the new Police Goons, but in reality the movie is just an opera of undisputed violence, Duke kills all his former friends and allies in cold blood with the same Absence of compassion he had when he fired the Cracker Police. Duke is a pig. <br /> <br /> Finally, when everyone in town, but Duke, Aretha, and the local brothel are dead and in the street, our hero and heroine walk away at night as though they were a had some admirable qualities or redeeming values; they do not. Duke is merely a murderous rogue and Aretha his empowering misogynist accomplice. If you are interested in this genre of movie, I strongly recommend it, see Coffy, Foxy Brown, Truck Turner, Blacula, Sheba Baby ?? But if you have to run over this DVD in the process, throw it as far away as you can! Drop it as if it's hot! It should be treated as a glowing pool of nuclear waste! There is not a single movie in the whole Blacksploitation era that is not dramatically more entertaining, satisfying and populated with more sympathetic and admirable characters than this slender piece. It is, of course, written by and targeted at some hormonal unbalanced high school civilian persons.
