Night of the Comet begins as the world prepares for an event once in a lifetime, passing a 65 million plus year comet. Instead of watching the light movie Regina Belmont (Catherine Mary Stewart) decide to spend the night with the biographical projection Larry Dupree (Michael Bowen) in his loft. They wake up the next morning. If Larry tries to leave the theater, he is attacked & killed by a zombie, the same zombie attack Regina, but she manages to escape where she discovers that almost everyone on the whole planet has turned into red dust. Almost everyone, because the only other person who survives seems to be her sister Samantha (Kelli Maroney). They desperately look for more survivors and meet a long-haul truck called Hector Gomez (Robert Beltran). Meanwhile, an evil bunch of scientists need human blood to develop a serum to save themselves from dust to dust and they are looking for reluctant donors ... <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Thom Eberhardt Ek found Night of the Comet a nice refuse viewing experience, I was surprised at the amount of positive comments on IMDb about it, because I just thought it was boring shit that never met its potential. The screenplay starts 100 miles per hour with the eradication of the entire population of the Earth and a bumblebee attack, but then it does not go anywhere, and eventually, the sinister bloodshed scientists are known by the end of the movie, because by that time the slender story ran this course. There are also plot holes. If these scientists want blood, shoot the three or four gangsters and save the two sisters when the guys would have provided more blood for their experiments. They were just a bizarre and almost suicidal thing to do. since they need blood to develop a drug, it doesn't make sense. I mean if you're going to die and you have to experiment on human blood, would five or six donors have blood or just two? I do not have the fact that the two sisters have survived independently, I mean what is the chance? When Hector confronts the female scientist for the first time, she never calls Samantha or where she was or where the underground facility was where they took Regina before she committed suicide. How did Hector know these things? I also thought for the first twenty minutes, the movie slowed down to a snail's pace and became incredibly boring and dull to look after I heard so many good things. Comet night comes over me as nothing more than an oversized boring piece of crap. <br /> <br /> Director Eberhardt does a very good job, I like the look of the movie with its red tinted air and it runs a very cool atmosphere of isolation. Unfortunately there are too many shots of empty streets, there is constant assembly of empty streets, deserted roads and abandoned buildings, and it is extremely repetitive and boring. OK, we get it, there is no one else, so we don't have to keep ramming it in our throat by constantly roads without cars on them. The zombies are completely messed up, there are two zombie attacks in the whole movie and these are also two individual zombies, although there are some effective nightmare scenes. Night of the Comet pays tribute or shooting, depending on what you prefer, several other much better movies, including the mandatory end of the worldwide store in a shopping mall lifted from Dawn of the Dead (1978). Forget about any blood or gore as there is. <br /> <br /> Technical Comet Night is pretty good, the special effects are decent enough and the production crew was of course very good at the closing streets. The play was good for Maroney, as Samantha was the blue-headed blonde who became very annoying. <br /> <br /> Night of the Comet was a great disappointment to me, I hoped so much more. Persoanlly I have this movie dull, boring, relentless and the puke-inducing sequence where the sisters will shop like 'Girls Just Wanna Have Fun', probably the worst moment in the movie. Really bad and I just don't get why so many people like this, I'm sure I'll be slaughtered to say it so the abuse starts I can take it ...
