I think a round of applause is in order for the trailer for Rogue Pictures last edition, The Return, to be joined. I myself, along with everyone, is muted to believe it is actually a horror movie. On the contrary, it is actually a supernatural thriller. Bad is not the least exciting. <br /> <br /> 'The Return' stars Sarah Michelle Gellar as Joanna Mills, a young woman who has had personal problems since the age of eleven. It was at that age that she began haunting visions depicting the murder of a woman she had never met. While in Texas on a business trip, she is guided by these visions to the murdered woman's hometown, La Salle. There she comes face to face with another person who regularly appeared in her visions. A man named Terry Stahl, played by Peter O'Brien. Joanna is now on a desperate quest for answers. A search that could eventually lead to her own murder. <br /> <br /> I really don't know where to start here. What should I mention first? The atrocious acting, horrific direction, or the horrible mixing story? No matter which one I choose my point behind each one: they just suck. Adam Sussman's script is moronically straight. It's not interesting. It's not compelling. It's just unpleasant. I was waiting for something to start the "movie" (I posted quotes about film because I don't believe the proceeds are called a real movie because of its filth.) And give it a little chance of hope , but nothing ever happened. I was released into an unbearable cold to freeze. Not even star performances by the actors themselves could have saved this disaster. Of course, they probably knew they had read the script and when they wanted to do the "movie". I guess that's why the acting was so terrible. At least that's what I prefer to believe. I really hope the role player is not proud of their performances. They need immediate medical attention if they do. <br /> <br /> Now directing is unmistakably bad, but I can't totally crucify Asif Kapadia. (Well, I can, but I won't, because I'm such a good guy.) I look at 'The Return' as a test for Kapadia, because for everyone who doesn't know, it's his first full-length feature "film". He just gets his foot in the door and still learns. Next time, well, if there is a next time, he will hopefully improve significantly. The only thing he could achieve here was almost completely duplicating the visual style of Marcus Nispel's 2003 recap of "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre". Now it's nice that the "movie" was given, but unfortunately he still doesn't get any kudos for it. Copying someone else's work is not something I consider worthy of praise. (Although it's a movie, I enjoy it a lot.) <br /> <br /> I think Jim Sonzero's American repetition of 'Pulse' will now have to fork out for the title of the worst movie of the year, Die return'. It is unnecessary to earn the title in virtually every imaginable way. Now I have no doubt that it will make a small thing, and I mean very little profit. It doesn't matter, but will not exceed or even make the success of Gellar's previous acting effort, The Wrudge. On that note there is one last thing I would like to add. I can honestly say I've never been embarrassed to be seen and have left a theater auditorium until they've seen The Return. It's something I never want to experience again with the "movie" itself.
