In all my years of filming, I only went to a movie once, and that was the horrible "Stay Tuned." Fortunately, the movie repaid the ticket and I rather watched "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" (a slight improvement). The movie is "Gone With the Wind" compared to "Dick," a comedy that is so unholy that it has almost become the second movie I ever went out of. "Dick" was so unique that it was even impossible to laugh. Still, think of laughing at it. <br /> <br /> Permitted, to pay to see a movie with a title like Dick, indicates that it will be filled with indescribable "joke" jokes and has suffered a great decay and yet I had a lot of hope due to the notable cast (Daniel Hedaya, Bruce McCullough, Dave Foley, Kristen Dunst, etc. fresh. What the movie delivered was, as argued, four badly predictable "dick" jokes, comic timing jet lag suffered, and an assumption that was thin for the first five minutes, in short, it was the Watergate scene of Forrest Gump that was stretched - no, stretched and muted - more than 90+ rude minutes . <br /> <br /> Once you understand that the two main characters - unimportant, unsaved squealers who continually throttle and roll balls will participate in every major Watergate event, you begin to turn off the plot spiritually as it progresses: 18 and " half an hour from the Nixon tires, CHECK, which met Deep Throat rings with Woodward and Bernstein, CHECK; John Dean gets a change of heart and testifies, look. The process draws more cowardly and about as much as the true Watergate affair, with about as much laughter as possible. And although it's a wonderful rediscovery of the events leading to the resignation of President Nixon, it becomes a paint-by-the-numbers, choose-your-own-adventure, in-the-blanks comedy that says very little and entertain even less. <br /> <br /> Even the film's strong point - the aforementioned cast - is surprisingly unproductive here. The most disappointing of all is Harry Shearer as G. Gordon Liddy. Trapped while playing behind the thick song of mustache and tight jacket in this cowardly script, Shearer muttered a few lines, trying desperately to learn from behind the prosthetic nose and eyebrows, then disappear. Dave Foley, one of the comic masterminds of Kids in the Hall (two others, Bruce McCullough and Mark McKinney also appear in this movie - ah, the blessings of nepotism). Sy Mr. Haldeman occasionally provides a lot of essential relief from the funeral plot, but the funniest thing about him is the buzz-cut he sports - perhaps the movie's funniest part of everyone. And then there is Daniel Hedaya as Richard Nixon - oops, I mean Dick. He played a sturdy Nixon to avoid the pitfalls (such as exaggerated makeup, rubbery nose and false teeth, an Anthony Hopkins) while retaining the essence (the holidays between human tenderness and roughness). I look like someone forgot. . . Oh yeah, the two stars of the movie, those excessive teens. Can't remember their names, maybe because I suppressed their performances. Nothing can be funny anymore; Nothing can be more painful than enduring their deliveries, pushing the range of "hyperactive" and "super-hyperactive" with an occasional "pouty". <br /> <br /> This movie was a bad excuse. To put together a 70s soundtrack and parade outrageous period clothing, both of which appear to be the norm these days for movies and TV shows featured in "my decade." But the clothing and music is a substitute for true characterization and plot, a kind of extra plot shortage that will compensate producers for anemic writing. <br /> <br /> The only possible use for this movie is years under way when any of its talented role players appear on David Letterman or Conan O'Brien. This terrible film excretion is pulled out to embarrass and hopefully humiliate the stunned guest. The sad thing is that the real bad guys in this all - the writers and producers - are looking far from the cameras, and maybe another disaster like this builds up. <br /> <br />
