The Little Mermaid is one of my absolute favorite Disney movies. I'm sorry to say, though, that Disney was completely messed up when they made this successor. I will admit it has some good points to it. The songs are not bad, and the animation is clean and clear. There is some humor, I'm sure - I don't remember, because after watching it, I immediately forbade it to appear before my eyes. The worst point of this movie is the plot. In this movie, Ariel becomes her father. She forbids her daughter to go near the sea (yes, for fear), just as she was forbidden to go near the country. I personally think that Ariel, in the past of her past, will maintain some of her heady ways and not treat her daughter as she has been treated. <br /> <br /> Apart from this, Ursula has been replaced by a non-scary, pathetic type of sea witch (the underfoot, forgetting sister) that is more comical than scary. She also has a little bit to offer her, but she is not scarcer or worse than Ursula. Ursula spoils us with its credibility for bad things. This sea witch is a joke. <br /> <br /> To make matters worse, Flounder is a fat, deeply-stained father (no longer the cute guppy we all know and love) and Eric's voice doesn't even get through the same actor (something that always irritates me in a remake / sequel. (His voice difference was very clear to me!) I felt that the only reason this movie was made was that Disney could catch some quick dollars, something I hate to think of a corporation I really really enjoy . I felt that this plot had no imagination. I know this act (child who follows the footsteps of a parent) happens, but Ariel was different. That was what we had so much of her. She had a dream, she fell in love, and she made that dream come true. Until she appeared in this movie, it is. Then she became like the other adults. It's not the Ariel I know. And I don't like her. <br /> <br /> I know of some kids who enjoyed this movie, and I also know some adults who didn't. But for me, and for all of you out there, who have the greatest love for Ariel, please don't see this movie. The Ariel of which we know dies inside, just raised for a song or two and one final scene that is actually not bad (where she accepts the water again) - although she takes very little in the end, regardless.
