I loved the first Little Mermaid. I know the songs, I love the characters and I love the story. I can't say anything about The Little Mermaid II: Back to the Sea. It was awful. Let's start with the story. The plot was a reverse copy of the first movie. The same situations, except in reverse! Ariel wanted to live on land, her daughter Melody (creative name) wanted to live in the sea. Ariel was cheated by Ursula, Melody being lured by Ursula's sister, Morgana. Ursula had a sister? Not sure where it came from. Apart from being a strange copy of the first movie, this movie plot looked nice and uninteresting compared to the first movie. Now the characters: 1. Ariel- What happened to her? No longer the mocking, heady teenager we all know of and loved the first movie, she grew up now and her personality ran into the drain. Her singing voice wasn't too strong, because Jodi Benson was much older, or the songs were so terrible that her talent was wasted. 2. Prince Eric - While not having much personality in the first movie, like all Disney Princess, his new voice and his many lines made him even more robot. To take it off, he can't defend himself, and Ariel becomes the tough one. 3. Sebastian - Say goodbye to the lovely cricket of the first movie, because a shiny crab crab has just taken its place. He also didn't have good songs in this movie. You can almost forget the glory he deserved to forget about the incredible "Under the Sea" and "Kiss the Girl" of the first movie, and it is very sad. 4. Flounder-They destroyed him !! He is no longer cute, his voice is terrible, and he has children now? Who is the mother ??? 5. Morgana- She looks Ursula's sister out of revenge against her mother, whom Ursula always chose for her. So she plans to get Triton's trident to become the new ruler of the sea. Sounds familiar? Anyway, she's a very cliché villain and doesn't fall more than Ursula's greatness as a villain. She fails witchcraft epics, she is not very difficult and not threatened at all. 6. Melody-Ariel and Eric's daughter. Ironic name because, unlike Ariel, she can't sing. Her voice is annoying, her friends (a walrus and a penguin? Actually?) Are not funny or fun, and she is exactly the same as Ariel, in reverse and not so good. Skip this one. Don't look at a Disney sequel except Lion King 2. This movie slaughtered the classic generation living in all our pleasant memories. I'll look back at this movie and just laugh.
