Well, as a long Disney fan, I have really hate-direct-to-video Disney successors. Walt HIMSELF didn't believe them. He believed in "and they lived that they ever lived before." But this one ... really chose the taco. There were so many ripoffs from other Disney movies in this, it wasn't funny. Quick summary, if you don't know ...: Melody, the daughter of Ariel and Prince Eric, was born. Ursula's sister, Morganna (who actually looks like Ursula, if she has to endure herself green and go on the Ally Macbeal starvation diet), and after trying to do the newborn and not, prophesies the punishment for the characters. After that ordeal, Ariel went into the decay of her father, refusing to tell Melody to her mermaid heritage, and later forbade her to go near the sea. But surprise surprise. Melody finds out that she is the stubborn brat and runs away and then goes to Morgana to become a mermaid, in exchange for something. (Does this sound familiar?) She became one, but in her half of the bargain her grandfather's Trident had to come back and bring it back to the sea witch. As she does, she walks into a few extinct animals, a penguin and a walrus called Timon and Pumb - huh? wait ... no! it's not Timon and Pumbaa! or is it? Can've deceived me. Anyway, I'd like to reveal more, but pretty much everything that can guess to happen. OK so ... long story short. This movie lends too much to other (better) Disney movies ... and makes it horrible. Come on ... Tip and streak? Why not just make Dash obscenely windy and make it an even more obvious ripoff! Ugh. Not to mention the total character butchery of Ariel's persona. She is away from a free-spirited, head-on woman, to a clone of her father. Not good at all ... they basically tell us the lovely, fiery little mermaid we know to grow and love is dead. Plus Melody itself is not such a great character ... she is annoyingly annoying! And bratty! Not to mention what they did to Flounder. Ugh ... anyway if you decide to see this piece of created-mainly-for-profit reasons, no imagination, Eisner-sponsored c ****** t, I suggest I wait until it is the Disney channel. or another TV station. Because it's not even worth the rent. <br /> <br /> * From ***** stars.
