I suppose it was for Temple Matthews who basically wrote a remake, although there are few changes that just make it worse. SPOILERS: It is very similar to the original. Melody, Ariel's new daughter is threatened by Ursula's sister, Morgana. Morgana escapes, but keeps her promise to take Melody away from them. Did Ursula have a sister? And she's not that big a villain like Ursula was. This is where there is agreement. Medoly is kept from the sea until Morgana is caught, but she doesn't know anything about it, because it all happened when she was a baby. A wall surrounds the palace to hold her in and morgana out. She goes day-to-day under the wall to swim and talk to Sebastian, who is not as funny or fun as in the original. She finds a seashell with her name on it and walks away from home and finds answers and finds Morgana. Here's a deal; Morgana tricks Melody, make her happy by turning in a mermaid here. Meanwhile, Eric, Melody and King Triton are watching her. To stay a mermaid she must steal the Trident of Triton. So Melody does, because she doesn't know, King Triton is her father. She makes friends with a penguin and a walrus and here it is where it is terrible. The penguins living with them in an icy sea hate them because they are cowards. So they try to prove they are heroes and fail. It doesn't fit the little mermaid. And the dialogue during the conversations between the penguins and the two characters is bleeding. you know why? Because the first one had a great story. This one is not and is not magic. This is just an example of how bad many persecutors are. <br /> <br /> Melody finds them and helps them take her to Atlantica to prove themselves. If they take the trident, Ariel Melody finds out with Morgana. Melody is angry with her mother to keep her from the sea, so she gives Morgana the grief, then she shows her true colors as soon as she grabs it. Poor Ariel and Melody are in her custody. The penguin and walrus begin to prove themselves as they fight Morgana's shark friend. Sorry I didn't mention him earlier. They finally prove themselves. Eric, King Triton and his soldiers arrive but are forced to bow to Morgana by the power of the threes. Melody takes it, throws it to Triton and he notices Morgana (literally). Then Ariel apologizes for Melody and thinks it's all her fault. It wasn't! Ariel had the right thing to protect Melody, but they never say so. Triton offers Melody to live in sea or land. She actually has a "better idea". She uses the threes to evaporate the wall so people and more people can be together. Then everyone sings a terrible song. THE END. <br /> <br /> Whoever saw it and kept it for granted, didn't see the original. I don't like it because I'm a teenager. I liked it when I was very little. When I got older, I started to look bad about this movie. Young, young children will enjoy it, but it is likely that when they are in primary school, they will forget it. Normally, I would think I was over-judging a movie and it was better than I remembered when I watched it again, but not this one. This is even worse. Story is no exception. If you thought, read this story by reading this story, read more about this comment and you will know the other bad points. Well, you know the story now. I'm sorry to spoil it for you, but I had to point out some bad parts of it. One of the worst things is the animation. Color is terrible. The original had beautiful color. Looking at it, I almost blinded myself. Even the illustrations and landscape design were not good. The original has a beautiful, magical color and beautiful underwater landscape design and also for the country. It's a joy to watch. <br /> <br /> The music is unbearable. Compared to the first, the music here is crap. Songs are not so well composed and Tara Strong (I think it's her name) Melody can't sing. She sometimes sang too high or didn't keep up with the melody in the song. So much about having "Melody" as a name. And the music isn't pretty or moving at all. Little Mermaid 1 won an Oscar for it and it really deserved it. This one earned a razzie award for the worst musical score in a sequel if it existed. <br /> <br /> I didn't like the votes. Several people who have played characters from the first have the same in this. Jodi Benson is a good singer, but now that she is older, it is not offensive to her, her voice is too deep and not so beautiful. And I'm very disappointed in her and others who were the first to be part of this. If I was chosen for this movie, I can only say that it is a bad movie. The characters are different now. Ariel is now wiser, but irritating. They overdoed her character and became too full. In prosecutions, you are not meant to change the characters unless it is for a special reason. She was sixteen in the first. There is little chance she will change. This is the stage when you become the person you will be for the rest of your life. Writers need to think about it. They must think of the character. <br /> <br /> Well, I guess that's it for me. I hope you find my comments useful because I'm sure many of you will agree with my point of view.
