This movie makes me want to throw every time I see it. If you take the first movie and turn around the plot (Ariel wants to leave the sea, her daughter wants to go to the sea), take the same characters and give them new animals and new names, and then throw the crazy animation and the biggest sucking factor possibly, you get the small mermaid 2. It's basically a copy of the first movie with a reverse plot. I'll take you step by step through its horror. These are the people of the 1st movie: First, Prince Eric is still prince eric, with about 3 lines in the whole movie. Ariel is incessant, annoying, and is not the fearless, main-minded one we've seen in the first. In fact, she's exactly the opposite. Sebastian is still sebaceous, just less cute, less convincing than he has stressed, and the jokes are just not funny anymore. Flounder has about 2 lines. He now has children and he speaks with a stupid nasal voice. Scuttle is still dumb scuttle just not funny. King Triton's character is probably the best, he still retains the intimidation and love of his daughter, Melody. Ariel and Prince Eric don't seem to tell their daughter. <br /> <br /> As I said, everything they did was use and copy the characters of the first movie. This is what they did: Ursula- The new evil villain is Morgana, Ursula's sister who feels she's always been in Ursula's shadow. I will not be afraid of her when she appears at my doorway with a knife. She can't do anything right and she's a failure as a villain. She has the same voice that Urula did. Sebastian & Flounder - Replaced by probably the most silly sidekicks, Tip & Dash, a walrus and a penguin. They try to be heroic, but always fail when they try. the plot is so predictable. They end up being heroes. To yawn. Flatson & Jetsom-Nou replaced by a shark that became about 10x smaller by triton. Hes is really bad too. Morgana and the shark (Sharkbait, I think his name) has no chemistry, good or bad. Ariel-Ah, Ariel. Our beautiful mermaid was replaced by her lovely daughter, melody. Melody can't sing, her voice is about 2 octaves higher than it should be, and you want to bump her face because she is so fake sweet. She wants to go to the sea, she is clumsy and the children make her fun, she must find herself. yawn. <br /> <br /> Not only is the movie so boring and inextricably simple. If you watch this movie, you will dare to see how bad it is. Some parts of the movie make you want to call Disney and ask why such a horrible movie was made as a sequel to such a wonderful original. <br /> <br /> Basically, the little mermaid 2 compares to the little mermaid as compared to Ed Wood movie to Casablanca. Never see it, even when you're bored.
