.... ripoff of a dozen better movies. Especially Steven Martin's "LA Story", which at least had the grace of course fictitious, even though his fiancée played his girlfriend in the film. <br /> <br /> Yes, naive boys and girls, "20 Dates" is a mockery, although I'm not quite sure Myles Berkowitz's intention was when he started. My impression is that he started the project semi-seriously, then he quickly realized that it would be pathetic and not funny unless he made the situations more ridiculous. As a result, the whole thing has an uncomfortable, cheap and sincere feel about it. <br /> <br /> As someone clearly stated, the movie has made two of the "dates" and to fix orders on Myles and yet they appear in the movie, which would be impossible as it would be a consent form. required. It also seems to me that the majority of the women who appear as dates are professional actresses (not known by albite, except for Tina Carrere). They are simply too beautiful, polished, thin and comfortable in front of the camera to be average civilians. <br /> <br /> Mr. Berkowitz makes a classic mistake of throwing only this kind of very thin actress, instead of using a variety of credible women, who may have made the foreground (even in a mockumentary) more credible and beautiful. He also skates about what is probably his real problem, and it is that both the movie character and the real world, Myles Berkowitz, seem to be functionally unemployed (his real-life IMDb credits are virtually non-existent, except this movie). Even in the world of film, his ex-wife divorced him because he was never employed. I think the viewer (let alone Berkowitz's real life dates) deserves an explanation that he succeeds in living in one of the most expensive urban environments in the US, in a luxury apartment, driving a fun car and overpriced restaurants when he has not seen any source of income whatsoever. (Is he a drug dealer? Does he lose his rich parents? No idea!) <br /> <br /> You can get away with most anything in a movie, if the jokes are really funny. "20 dates" is painful, embarrassing. Mr. Berkowitz's idea of ​​a joke is to give his character while announcing to his companions how the food served on restaurant days, probably giving him or her diarrhea or constipation - the WORST kind of childlike potty humor. <br /> <It is not surprising to discover that Mr. Berkowitz never had a movie for 20 days and in the last 8 years he did not make a single film, appeared as an actor in someone else's film OR had a writing or production of any kind of credit. My gut instinct tells me that this movie is not financed by "Elie" (the gangster is money for a man who appears outside camera), but probably by Mr. Berkowitz's affluent parents, or perhaps a shocking abuse of credit cards. Whatever it was, we can all calmly rest that we probably will never see Myles Berkowitz or any of his creative efforts. Hallelujah !!!
