Although Bondarchuk was by no means a young man when he instructed to work on this project, he was still a beginner's director with only one photo, a successful adaptation of a short WWII story, to his name. Bondarchuk has been an established acting star for a decade, but his skills mean little behind the camera, and as a director he was extremely unprepared to produce such a scale. And it appears from hidden shot compositions that occur especially in group screens, often unfortunate camera positions, very varied quality performances for the director were apparently so overwhelmed by the sheer size of the task forces apparently left to their own devices, uncomfortable voting rights that sound like radio -uitsendings. <br /> <br /> Vidor's "War and Peace" was probably the main reason the Soviet government asked to save no cost on this production. The USSR release of the Vidor's picture made a little splash. Certainly, Bondarchuk wanted to imitate the greatest strength of the Hollywood movie and find his own Audrey. His final choice, Lyudmila Savelyeva, a big-eyed, bright dark-haired thing indeed looks like Hepburn. Unfortunately, she was a Kirov ballet dancer without acting experience or talent, so surprisingly, the most beautiful word I can find to describe her actions is "terrible." Although it is expected that Soviet actors, speaking the same language as Tolstoy's characters, would understand them better than foreigners, this war and peace often prove that this is not the case. The revolutionary revolution swept the thin top layer of Russian culture land, that the world of War and Peace has grown, such a good part of this great name Soviet actors involved in this production often looks as indifferent as Americans doing Shakespeare . Of course, this means that American actors can't play Shakespeare credibly, but you will know what I mean if you have seen American filmmakers in Branagh's adaptations. Of the three main characters, only Bondarchuk's Pierre is commendable, but even he was too old for the part and felt in the first place in the beginning.
