Very bad but viewable science fiction movie suffering from horrible special effects, poor acting and a ridiculous story. The film opens with a spaceship coming back from exploring Mars with a woman and a man with a green slime on his arm. She starts by telling what happened on this fateful journey, as almost all tires are wiped magnetically. Four astronauts take this trip: a military type played by Gerald Mohr, a poor man's Humphrey Bogart, who enjoys the word "Irish" and has the acting of a cod, then there is Naura Hayden, a beautiful redhead and only female crew member of the flight with three men who fit most suit fit to accentuate all her curves, then Les Tremaine, a wonderful character factor of inexpensive sci-fi movies like this as the egghead, and latest Jack Kruschen as Sammy - the Brooklyn guy with jokes and does not look too bright, but chosen for his electronics expertise. None of these artists are really good, and everyone says their dialogue with little conviction. Look at Tremaine if he sticks out that scientific nonsense! Really, the best of the four is Kruschen - and it really says a lot about this movie. But bad action separately, the movie just falls apart when they land on Mars via flashback. The Angry Red Planet had a very inexpensive budget because Mars really is the American Southwest with a heavy red hue over it. When the story is looking for something that looks like Mars, there are drawings with a heavy red hue over them. You can see that they are drawings. The monsters may be even worse if we get a bat-gear spider, with a size of 40 feet, which seems to have brought some kids together. The other important creature is a giant amoeba with an oscillating eye. Wow! It's bad. There is a nice drawing of a Martian city, but there just wasn't enough of it in the movie. Despite all these big problems, The Angry Red Planet is a fun bad movie. It is really fascinating to see how far we have come as a civilization. Most of the things they used in the movie are so outdated. One man uses an electric razor with a cord and I thought they might come to Mars, but they still use ropes. Director Ib Melchior gives an interesting look at much of the film even with the budget constraints, but the story by him and Sid Pink does not fly. And how does it end with music and psychedelic colors? Groovy man!
