A spaceship returns from Mars; A few months ago, a 4-person expedition to the red planet was sent. Most of the photos are a look back on what happened. The picture is anointed by a melodramatic dialogue, typical of many scientific endeavors of the fifties and sixties. For example, note how the ship's commander (Mohr) tells another crew member to stay there for no reason; as if moving to another location in the ship, it will cause a problem. Later, the commander ordered two of the crew to stay in the ship while he and the others went outside. The two he ordered to stay say 'no way' and follow out; I didn't have hope for the success of the expedition at this point. There is a lot of talk about 'ears' and a freeze-jet gun called 'Cleo' (short for Cleopatra, of course). It would be at least pretty funny, unintentional, if the story hadn't dragged on. <br /> <br /> There is a very slow pace on the whole thing; The astronauts spend so much time reflecting on the ship's window portals (changing from red to blue in color), exploring what they see, as they do outside, actually exploring. The martian landscape, advertised as 'Cinemagic', usually looks like animated cuttings, or drawings, shot by an orange-red filter to cause the illusion of interaction with the actors, taking on a strange surrealistic appearance due to process. But I don't think this is someone who is more than 10 years old. The one clever mention I had made was that the memories of the surviving astronaut would be influenced by unreality, which would explain the unreal nature of the Martian view. Oh, okay ... <br /> <br /> I am amused by some of the astronauts' actions as they begin to explore; Right from the bat, they test their freeze pistol on a plant and kill it, just for hell. Then the female member hooks up with a cup of what she thinks is a tree, but seems to be the bone of the spin gear. Nice going, lady. Look up the next time. No wonder the "intelligence" on Mars gets upset and does not care that one of the lower forms of life, a giant amoeba, is attacking the explorers. The acting is not too impressive. Mohr, in particular, had a very annoying technique, said a line and then suddenly burst into a big grin that had already crept me - reminded me! The Terror From Beyond Space. The end is fairly anti-climatic; Don't expect any big revelations than the "no more expeditions" with Cleo freezers.
