60 minutes in beautiful Christina Galbo trying to escape the isolated boarding school she brought at the beginning of the movie. Is she running out of a fate to conceive, a monster, black-gloved killer or supernatural evil? No, she's running a bunch of bulls. For the next 40 minutes, several figures walk around the school in the dark candelabra and see if they are distressed or confused, which doesn't say much in itself, perhaps because big movies have been made, but if you're going to walk around characters and you better steer Alain Resnais or you know better how to lift that staircase in bright apple red and purple like Mario Bava. We know a killer steals the perimeter of the school, but his body composition is sorry and sparse and in the absence of the visceral horrors one wants to find in the giallo, we get no sense of sinister mysteries / unspeakable secrets behind a facade of order. and piety and justice, which is the kind of film La Residencia wants to be, but doesn't quite know how to do it. We know something is down because girls are reported, but we never get the predictive mysterious atmosphere that says, "something is serious here, miss man." When Serrador tries to comment on the sexual oppression of female students, he does so with quick hysteria and detail of the eyes and the divorced lips while the high-on-the-click "it-shocking" music is in the background . None of the aetherial beauty and desire of PICNIC AT HANGING ROCK can be found here. It's all a bit clumsy and aimless, with no real sense of urgency or direction. A number of people are presented as suspects, but there is little reason to take care of the identity of a murderer who becomes unnoticed by the characters in the film. I like the first kill, the image of a knife that hits the anxious face of the victim as a lullaby clock in the background, but the rest is too little for my taste. I have to say that Serrador is much better off with the killing children and paranoia du soleil of WHO CHILD CHILD CHILDREN?
