Actually, the only other actor who will play Evel Knieval less than Hamilton is Anthony Perkins, but somehow he manages Hamilton to make a reasonably effective representation (and as a producer of the movie he is unlikely to be dismissed or said not been right for the part!) The early life of the brave motorcyclist is told here in various flashbacks. The movie starts with a lot of tasting with Hamilton in his white leather, star-spangled gear that, according to Knieval, spits the world like saying, "Don't worry. This movie is about my youth, but I'll be back in my well-known costume at the end of the picture. "Hamilton is preparing for a big jump, but still licks his wounds from the previous one as a dedicated woman. Lyon supports and denies him. He recalls several vignettes of his childhood and delinquent teens along with his early days as a stunt rider and booming celebrity. This flip-flop approach is fairly sudden and sometimes incompatible, but it prevents the movie from being held on one of its cheap sets for too long, or in a screen with the reasonably pedestrian characters. Hamilton, usually a suave and debonair persona, does a very good job of determining the small details of his subject's ways and behavior, including his course. His hair is a shade lighter and longer and he works hard to give the right bends in his talk. (He even pays a slight tribute to Knieval's many injuries by appearing in a sham while his shoulders are covered in the scars of many accidents.) He doesn't look like the right cyclist, but he suggests him his physical execution. Lyon is great at playing the young girl he loves and then the more worldly woman, although her 3-pack threatens to give her at any given moment. She and Hamilton make an easy chemistry, which plays a big role in leaving the film. Other beautifully supporting turns are given by Freed as his dressed doctor, Cameron as an early influence, and Taylor as a fleet of sideshow barker. The film was made on a low budget, but the story is a rather low rent one anyway, so it doesn't get bad. The makers used the real Butte, Montana venues to give the film a decent little town atmosphere. Several of Hamilton's mess is amusing, though the character is definitely reckless and inconsiderate to other people's property! Some of the real Knieval's completed and failed stunts were included in some vague footage, one of which has a staggering "splatter" in which the man rolled up and wrapped like a rag doll. Hamilton's former wife (Stewart) appears briefly as a nurse.
