Well, you can't actually see women in love in this movie, but you will surely hear women talking about love and men talking about love and women talking about men and men talking about women and men talking about men, and everyone is talking about death, and talking and talking, until you want to scream and do something that doesn't have to speak anything like painting your bedroom or watering your plants. <br /> <br /> Welcome to the world of DH Lawrence, where psycho-chatting is at most, and where no one can get a productive life, because everyone is too busy talking about how unproductive their lives are. Spend time with the characters in a D.H. Lawrence's novel is like being locked up in a closet with a group of your most self-absorbed acquaintances you'd run away if you met them at a party. When I read "Women in Love", I wanted to rock every single character in it, but because I couldn't, I hoped they would strangle at least. Oh, just one of them dies, not by strangulation, and I won't spoil you by saying which one, if you actually give a damn about this story or any of these people. <br /> <br /> To apologize to director Ken Russell, he makes this filmed version as entertaining as it is possible to make this material unfilmable novel. He throws a lot of the psychological mumbo jumbo that Lawrence worships, and focuses on all the naughty parts, so we get a lot of histrionic love in beds and fields, two goat-naked men wrestling with fire and one embarrassment with Alan Bates (yup , buck naked again) in a lawn that loves forests and grass (I don't joke). Glenda Jackson won an Oscar for her performance as Gudrun, the more dominant of the two sisters at the story's focus, and she certainly tried the hardest to do anything with this material; anyone deserves an Oscar just because he must give Russell's decision to give her a scene where she has to dance wildly before a herd of mystified-looking cattle. Oliver Reed has one expression, an intense shine. The whole thing is overwritten and overwhelmed, and it's a great champion. Indeed, it eats with "Mommie Liefste" as perhaps the most unintentional hysterical movie I have ever seen. <br /> <br /> Degree: D
