"Prom Night" is a title-only remake of the 1980 shooter Jamie Lee Curtis and Leslie Nielsen died. This film takes place in an Oregon town, where Donna (Brittany Snow) is about to go to her senior prom and have had fun over the past few years. She and her friends come to the prom, which takes place in a big hotel, and try to enjoy what is supposed to be the nicest night of their lives. Little does anyone know, a man from Donna's past, who has been pursuing her for years, is also at the prom ... and is willing to kill anyone in the direction of her pursuit. <br /> <br /> I'm "I'm a fan of the original" Prom Night ", so I tried to keep a little hope in this movie, but I have to admit I was disappointed. "Prom Night" suffers from the worst misery a horror movie can have, which is predictability. There are absolutely no surprises here, and I felt that I saw everything in this movie, decades, often better, before. What does this compare to the audience? Boredom. Unless of course you never saw horror movies, or part of the pre-teenage crowd, but the majority of the audience will probably be able to guess almost everything that is going to happen. The plot is simplistic, but the whole writing is of any sort of surprise, twist, atmosphere or anything, and it really hurts the movie because it never gives the audience something to sink their teeth. It all looked very dirty. <br /> <br /> Many people seem to complain that it's also a PG-13 slasher movie, and I understand what they say, but I don't think it's impossible to make a good make treasure film with minimal gore. Take, for example, a carpenter's "Halloween" - little or no violence on the screen, but still a terrifying and effective movie. You don't need a movie to make a movie, but even "Prom Night" was immensely violent (which isn't, it's very soft). It would have been very little to the movie, because there is not much in the movie. writing to build. The tension and tension here is at its best, and I spent most of the movie predicting the outcome of situations and was about 99% of the time accurate. Our characters are not well written, even for the audience to make any connection with them, and their by-numbers deviations are routine and indifferent. <br /> <br /> I'll show some things I've done About this movie because it wasn't quite useless - cinematography is really nice and everything was very well filmed and pretty stylish. Among the "jumping" horror stories (this is mostly predictable), there were some who were clever. The movie sets are also nice and the hotel is a neat place for the plot to unfold, but predictably the unfolding. As far as acting is concerned, it's at best mediocre. Brittany Snow definitely plays the lead, but really the rest of the players don't show much talent. Johnathan Schaech plays the villain and is probably the most experienced artist here, but even he is not that impressive. However, I was very similar to the character he played, which was a good change from the typical "masked-stalker" type of killer. In the end, the last fifteen minutes of the movie got bored and it was very anti-climax. <br /> <br /> Overall, "Prom Night" was a disappointment. Everything was very up-to-date, routine and predictable, which is somewhat disturbing as it has the potential to be a decent slasher movie. There were a few neat moments, but the film had no tension or atmosphere, and had little plot development, nor credible characters. I would recommend advanced horror fans to save their money and wait until it is on video, or rent the original instead, because here are absolutely no surprises. Some may find some entertainment in it, but it was too predictable for my taste. I expected better and disappointed the theater. 10/03.
