You can tell a Lew Grade production a mile down? clear British in style; epic in conception; full of international stolen role players; usually in exotic times. It is a formula that Grade and its company ITC used during the 1970s in the early 80s, which in titles such as The Eagle Has Landed, Firepower and The Titanic increase! In 1977, the grade March Or Die, a remarkable old-fashioned foreign legion adventure that modeled all of the above features, was produced. Targeted by the usually reliable Dick Richards ?? that made the well-known Farewell My Lovely just a few years earlier - March Or It is an unfortunate disappointment. <br /> <br /> A company of Foreign Legionnaires led by the hard disciplinary general Foster (Gene Hackman) will soon be sent to Morocco. after the First World War 1. Their mission is to protect an archaeological party fed by dedicated Francois Marneau (Max Von Sydow). The archaeologists perform an excavation in the ancient city of Erfoud, but fear an attack by Arab tribesmen following the dissolution of a previous archaeological group. Foster is not happy with the command? He does not regard historical artefacts worthy of his men to appreciate their lives. It creates constant tension between himself and Marneau, who believes that the legions have to sacrifice their lives to make the excavation possible. The problems increase when a beautiful woman, Simone Picard (Catherine Deneuve), along with the legions. She hopes to find out what happened to her father, a historian kidnapped by the Arabs when they wiped out the first archaeological team. Her presence generates desires among the legions, no more than the gypsy thief Marco Segrain (Terence Hill), a beautiful and courageous villain who initially shows indifference to his legionary colleagues, but gradually grows in stature. Things climb with a huge battle at Erfoud, with swarms of united Arab tribes loading against the handful of legions, desperately trying to defend their lives. <br /> <br /> On paper, the star duo of Gene Hackman and Terence Hill look like a mismatch ?? Hackman is the heavily-weighted Oscar-winning character actor, Hill, the attractive but limited Italian passion of many low spaghetti westerns. One expects Hackman to act his peer off the screen. Still, bitterly, it is Hackman who gives the poor and unfinished performance, while Hill increases his game at surprisingly high levels. The movie is shot in desert locations, but the pacing is very slow and few of the characters are worth taking care of. Maurice Jarre's music is unusually flat to ?? very disappointing from the man who gave us the Lawrence Of Arabia score. It is remarkable that someone has the nerves to try an old-fashioned adventure of the kind in the seventies (it was a genre that had acted in the 30's and was forgotten in the intervening decades). Unfortunately, the gambling doesn't really pay? This tribute to the legionary aircraft of ancient times becomes more of a plod than a march.
