We see a dead girl's body in a mortuary with the clover trying to close the girl's eyes, but what he tries will not be open. Then we move on to the future and follow a group of former school friends who hide a terrible secret, but suddenly they start to get rid of one by one in many eager ways. Through flashbacks, we learn of this terrible suicide of a shy girl trying to be one of the group, but she was locked in because they dug her past and found out some strange incidents. So, is she back from the grave seeking revenge? <br /> <br /> Oh, what a wonderful and always ghostly story! Well, that's what I hope I can say. And "hope" was as good as it did. It's a forgettable, so supernatural horror flick I actually watched, but I thought it was my first sight. To my surprise, it hit me when I started picking up some things, but as I said, it's quite a comparable mix that made it feel like a first look. Nightmare is just another kind of field that gives a few gruel changes. Oh, please give me something that is a little fresher. It doesn't have to be completely original, but it's a formal and, at times, tired J-horror movie. Although it is string along the usual ghost story in your mind, do you guess right? An evil outlook, resentful chickens. <br /> <br /> But despite my negativity being the same old, same old story and jolts. This is one kind of entertainment when it is creepy and prints in some creepy visual leaves. The deaths are displayed on bites and some originality. While the dark atmosphere illuminates the audience with its dark lighting. a scene terrorizing the spirit, one of the girls, is one of the bloodshed experience, but really when it does not try to shock you. I got it earlier, and I thought I could get some dots. It can be difficult, but it just has no place of any interest between that shock not moments. You can say that because the supposed riddle is really not much of one, the uncertain story is simply flat and the characters are a self-centered bunch that you don't really care about what happens to them. The hidden story should have focused more on the spirit than those of these mere characters who have one convincing group relationship. It just overheated his cards by obscuring too much and taking too long to do so when it came to the climax, it's just ridiculous. However, the film's haunting ending is a highlight. <br /> <br /> The movie looks good, though it could be done without the snazzy, fast-fire editing and the music score was a bit offensive to play the mood. The performances are a good line, but Gyu-ri Kim is in the lead. <br /> <br /> It's nothing new and shameless stealing ideas, but if you look past, it offers nasty tension. Although I found it rather fun, despite the strange effective cold fever. A standard attempt all around I think, but it is also equally missable.
