In a variant of Sholay, Ram Gopal Verma businesses in which can be called an unknown area where the blockbuster takes a new form. The Thakur goes south.Manhanlal as Narsimha, the police inspector whose family was murdered, seeks revenge Madrasi style. The accent is totally South Indian, unlike Thakur from the north. The separation of the hands of Thakur at Gabbar is also cut down to the fingers in Aag. Such costs are cut down because there is no attempt to hide the hands, but only cover a long shoulder Kurta for the cut fingers. Moreso in the climax where the Thakur uses his legs and says "Tere Liye to mere horse hi kaafi hai" here Narsimha uses his fingertips to fire a gun and kill the villain. Babban, the new avtar of gabbar is also different. He's not from Bihar or UP. He is Bambaiya. Gabbar's notorious laugh is also in two installments this time and is more muted. Babban asks Diwali to replace Helen in Mehbooba instead of Holi and Urmila romance. he also dances and enjoys dancing with Abhisheh playing Jalal Agha in Mehbooba.Babban is more intelligent this time. He throws the apple and asks the question that made Isaac discover Newton gravitation laws. Basanti is more surprising than the automatic driver Ghungroo. Nisha Kothari cannot play the car driver and seems to leave gay words like "entertainment" and "too much". Viru was nice, while Ajay Devgun was a deception for the role. The God speaks to Basanti incidents and the shooting lessons and the Koi Haseena song and the water order is painful. The water tank is in a well and the drunk Devgun is so bad in the order that the audience would have wanted to commit suicide. Jai was constituted and serious. Prashant Raj is better than the other because we don't expect anything from him. But he is also on the Mausi row. He is not as romantic as Jai with the mouth organ. Jaya's role played by Sushmita changes professions. A pure housewife this time becomes a doctor in full-time social service after her husband is dead. She also didn't have the pain that Jaya showed. Her flirtations with Jai are more open this time. Samba gets a bigger role this time than Tambe. He doesn't have to show guns and answer Gabbar's questions this time around. He follows Babban wherever he goes and is a bodyguard with more visibility outside the den. Horses give way to Jeeps and car. The Gabbar's hiding here is changing and Ramgarh becomes Kaliganj. All in all, it's more of a spoof than anything else. HSR comes up with its own interpretation of the classic. But we remember the original as well, even though three decades have been our minds refusing to accept stylized versions and altered dialogues. So we call it a spoof. So, Mr. RGV (Sholay) and Farhan Akhtar (Don) and JPDutta (Umrao Jaan) stop making remixes and make them original.
