Sholay: Considered one of the greatest films. I always wondered if they would ever be the classic again. It was the time that RGB announced this movie and I was somewhat excited to see it. I always thought it might be a good movie, but every week we will change the CBD here. And the movie is a lot of B-grade film, something I didn't hope for. <br /> <br /> I was really trying to look positive, but I promised to keep Sholay out of my mind. The cinematography is wonderful. The movie is trying its own. But this is the top end. The action series are weak. The script had potential. The biggest mistake is editing. None of the screens are excited for you. For example, the comedy series felt a lot out of place and forced. Ironically because comedy was just as entertaining in the original. And none of the characters are being developed. And no scenes will stay to the end. And the end was very disappointing. <br /> <br /> The biggest question is acting. Amitabh Bachchan was good as Gabbar Singh, nothing good. They seem to have concentrated too much on his appearance, that the character just looks threatening, but you are not crawling. Mohanlal is scarce in the movie, but he impresses with his few scenes. Ajay Devgan was decent. It wasn't so much the show, he gave it all, it was the poor writing. Prashant Raj is very confident and has the potential to make it better with better movies. <br /> <br /> I had the most expectations for Sushmita Sen, who was probably the best of the lot. She was expressive, but it wasn't enough. Nisha Kothari surprised me. She was largely unimportant, but her emotional scene after her friend's death was pretty good. Seems like she should find a director who will help her talent, not her cute appearance. But what disappointed me most was chemistry. Ajay Devgan and Prashant Raj didn't look like friends. Ajay-Nisha was not a strong couple. No passion was found between Sushmita and Prashant. And Amitabh and Mohanlal didn't have the hateful passion they needed. <br /> <br /> As for songs, they suck a lot. Urmila's Mehbooba was too blown over and I almost slept through it. However, it was nice dancing. The Holi number was enjoyable, but not memorable. The same went for the other songs. For someone looking forward to this movie, I was very disappointed. I have great hope for HSR due to his Jungle, but seems to have lost his talent during the shooting of this movie. But hopefully he recovers his talent for Sarkar Raj. But this movie is best forgotten. All the positives don't make up for the boring movie it is.
