I can't get enough words to describe the horror I have seen in the cinema. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag, the director's half-hearted attempt to pay tribute to the classic Bollywood Western Sholay. The biggest problem with Varma's remake is that he doesn't even try to make a credible film. It is clear in every frame of this movie that Varma's heart is just not in it. What you see on the screen is at best a bad joke, a movie maker's gym. It makes you painful to see what contempt he actually shows for a movie. He claims to be a fan of his entire life. I've been watching bad movies over the years, but I can't remember one that is so much of a torture to go through than this one. Consider yourself very brave if you can survive the whole movie, as it tests your patience as few movies are. Varma can borrow his plot and characters from the original movie, but his version is stiff and hollow and does not have any of the spirit and energy of Sholay. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is actually a mockery of the timeless jeweler, as it seems to be all that the original film was not - over-the-top, too long, sowing, and totally relentless. Very popular moments of Sholay are paralyzed by Varma and for that you want to turn its neck. One of the most memorable scenes in Sholay in which Dharmendra, like Veeru, climbs the water tank and threatens to jump after his death, is turned into this movie with Ajay Devgan playing Hero. He pulled a pistol on his head and threatened to shoot himself. How you like it, he pulled the trigger and saved us all the anxiety. Not only does Ramgopal miss Varma Ki Aag as a remake of Sholay, it's a very bad attempt, even as a stand-alone movie. The overflow-damaging background score sounds more like someone climbing vessels in the kitchen, and the camera work ranges from dramatic and headaches. Partners in this terrible crime to bring this ridiculous movie to the screen are the movie's mostly dead-as-wood actors. Sushmita Sen as Devi the widow takes both her role and the film too seriously, punctuating her lines with pauses, staring in camera for effect, and generally acting like her life depends on it. Mohanlal as Narsimha struggles with his Hindi dialogue and is ashamed to deliver some of the dumbest lines in his illustrious career. Newcomer Prashant Raj, who plays Jai-equivalent Raj, has no acting links to talk about and cannot include any of the roaring intensity that Amitabh Bachchan picked up in the original movie. As a hero, the new age Veeru, Ajay Devgan, completely hopeless, failed in his comedy efforts. But the film's weakest link, easily the most shocking decision-making decision, is Nisha Kothari as Ghunghroo, who bumps into Hema Malini's shoes as Basanti, the engaging Sholay airplane chief. Nisha Kothari is not only the worst actress in this country, but possibly the worst actress in this whole wide world. She gives the word annoying a whole new meaning, and she allows you to cut your wrists every time she is on the screen. And then there is Amitabh Bachchan who plays Babban Singh, Ramgopal Varma's version of Hindi's most popular villain Gabbar Singh. The only actor in this ensemble who recognizes and plays the film's overall tone, builds Bachchan a threatening character that is a surprise to watch. He's meant to be a cartoon villain who sobs and sniffs and crooks and hammers, and he does it all well. But being stuck in such a doomed business, his performance doesn't really help raise the film in any way. No surprises here, I go off with ten out of two and two thumbs for Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag, it's one of those painful movie viewing experiences you wouldn't even submit to an enemy. It's not like Varma hasn't yet handled a remake. With Sarkar he gave us a clever, gripping application to The Godfather, and it is a pity that he made these Sholay pants from such a beloved classic. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is his worst career decision ever, it's also a dark spot on his resume, he'll be embarrassed forever. I suspect this movie will be in film history as Ramgopal Varma Ka Daag.
