A drama in its core, "Anna" shows the true truth that all actors grow old and sometimes disappear. Anna is a character who believes America is her safety net, her home, and can't do it wrong? but she refuses to diminish herself to do work she does not believe. She is stubborn, optimistic, stubborn and arrogant when it comes to her life, but not afraid to let others in, but first let them know at a glance. Anna flip-flops between personalities, making this movie the ideal of an aging star, but not an idea of ​​the viewers. "Anna" was praised for his star Sally Kirkland, and her ability to get "grungy" for the role, but a month in 2008, "Anna" is not a staple of film culture. Director Yurek Bogayevicz hid a message in "Anna" about the lies of Czechoslovakia, both political and social, but Kirkland refuses to raise them. Bogayevicz is not afraid to play with the camera, to use wooden frames to protrude Kirkland, and he is not afraid to reduce the surrounding characters so when you walk away from the movie, it is Kirkland, remember. If that wasn't obvious, this movie didn't sit well with me. From the opening of the first act and deep in the second, "Anna" felt like a high school theater production. The characters did not exist, there was no enlightening story, and there was no definition of time or place. There was Sally Kirkland, who stubbornly said she was better than the other actresses fighting for the same lifestyle she wanted. Randomly she meets a friend, a young girl who has also traveled a long journey to get America for the brilliance and glory. Two of them (within 20 minutes) build a friendship that can break all walls. It is emotionally boring and incredible. Again, randomly, do we meet Anna's boyfriend Daniel (played by the poor Robert Fields), bringing nothing to the table, in terms of definition or character? just to increase attention to Kirkland's Anna. Over the course of nearly two hours, we look at more random actions along with unnamed characters, to join together to create a story held together by loose threads ?? and Sally KIRKLAND. Arg, it hurts me to say that, but "Anna" could have been a fantastic movie if Bogayevicz offered equal time between Anna, Daniel and Krystina. Instead, we are forced to play in a one-sided game where emotional scenes are stronger than plot. <br /> <br /> Is this where Charlize Theron found inspiration for her beauty-less role in "Monster", or Halle Berry in "Monster's Ball"? Was Sally Kirkland one of the early actresses who discovered that Oscar would shine in their direction by letting themselves go for a character? During this film, I was disgusted by Kirkland's depiction of Anna and Bogayevicz's lack of excitement for anything else flowing. Bogayevicz gives us an Anna who doesn't work hard for her parts, doesn't care for others, and is usually in common? but we need to feel sympathy for her? Near the start of the film she forces what she wants to do on others, and gets upset when she doesn't get her way. Sure, aging actresses, me have that appeal to them, but Kirkland creates a more childish character instead of an adult one. That's where "Anna" could have improved. If it were a mature Kirkland, I would have pulled it up, but this stubborn childish Anna was impossible to believe. While my favorite scene was near the end where Anna watches one of her older films playing (including absurd make-up characters) and the movie burning, this scene is also one of my favorite favorites. Anna made herself a phenomenal life, created movies and built the dream, but when someone else wanted to enter the candle light, she became jealous and furious. It didn't make for a character I wanted to stand or won Oscars. Linked to the classic 80s background synthesizer, the exaggerated over-the-top wardrobe, and the displaced end (where did it come from and what happened?) ?? "Anna" has gone a long way in the scope of the wonderful theater. It was a show, an opportunity for an aging star to shout once more in the world. In this one it worked, but I don't think I'll be deceived again. <br /> Overall, I can't say I was impressed with this movie. "Anna" is not a film about an aging movie star; It's about Sally Kirkland, and ONLY Sally Kirkland. Bogayevicz tries to do more with the story, but fails because Kirkland does not allow him, or he only realizes that there is not enough to support a full story. There are one or two decent scenes in this movie, but nothing that promotes this film as innovative or influential. Bogayevicz didn't create a character who would believe audiences, tear it for a Sunday afternoon with? He created an annoyance. Kirkland was not Anna, she was an actress who was playing a little overblown and crunchy on the sides. Maybe I missed the scope of this movie, but what makes movies like this work is the collaboration of everyone involved. This was not the case here. In "Anna" Kirkland ordered Daniel to act like a dog (apparently as a symbolic act) and yet during the whole emotional scene I couldn't help but that was what Kirkland was like that on the set. She didn't make it into a movie, she turned it into her own production, and as a result "Anna" failed. I can't suggest it to anyone? from one Czech to another? skip it! <br /> <br /> Degree: * ½ from ***** (for that funny scene that crept me)
