There are some redeeming features for this show. One is that the theme song has a decent melody. The show does have a good idea. I'm also probably in the minority, but I like Wanda. I like the fact that she cares, and is more a mother figure to Timmy. Yet, despite this, I don't like this show, it's not apart, but I find it very annoying. <br /> <br /> I won't say it's the best animated show on Planet Earth. If I use that term for an animated TV program, I think of Peter Pan and the Pirates, I think of Darkwing Duck, I think of Scooby Doo and I think of Talespin. And I hope I'm not the only one who really likes the Wild Thornberrys and the fact is that it's fun. I also don't think Quite strange parents are the worst animated show on Planet Earth. I assume it's annoying, and in some ways over-rated, but it's not the worst performance on Nickolodean. It's Turkeys, God Who Shows, Is Unwavering. But the worst, animated show I've ever seen is Shaggy and Scooby Doo: Get a clue, which is ominous, indecent and honestly shameful. <br /> <br /> One thing I don't like about this show is the animation. The characters, forgive me when I insult, have very strange facial features, and many of the backgrounds are boring and lacking the color that SpongeBob Squarepants and Wild Thornberrys make to look. The characters except Wanda, I find very annoying. I can't believe such a talented voice actor like Tara Strong (aka Charendoff) voiced Timmy. Timmy, I do not like very much like a main character, he is annoying and sometimes pathetic, and he is also a poor decision maker. And his voice comes to my nerves. Actually, I like strong but not in this show. Another annoying character is Cosmo, the so-called funny character. Instead, his jokes are as indecent as they can become. They are either a) confronted, or b) about acquaintances. Timmy's parents are horrible characters, who don't give a toss about their son, and their personalities wear well. <br /> <br /> The story lines are generally very original and I think where I have seen it before. The episodes after the arrival of the baby thought I was unavailable. Even worse is the scripts, very rude, childish, relentless, and suffering from a complete lack of energy. Overall, not the worst show ever, but pretty poor for an animation fan, and pretty uncomfortable. to go through. 3/10 there are features that are redeemed, and I fully understand whether people like it. Bethany Cox
