I first started looking at this show with my friends in 2003 or 2004. Of course I was younger then and I enjoy the jokes on this show. I was 11 in 2003, and I'm now 14 (2007). Although my lifetime probably plays an important role in how I judge this show, I looked at the rest of the others' reviews, after the third season this show went down in the tubes. I agree. This display is offensive, repetitive and usually concentrates on the same plot. <br /> <br /> The show revolves around Timmy Turner, who was awarded two Fairy Godparents because his life was indeed terrible - his parents were never around and he had a nasty baby sitter. The plot of the whole show is that this child (Timmy) and his grandmothers always want a destruction that cannot be prevented by making another wish, because something in "Da Rules" says they can't. The show has many lines that are still being repeated, like "magic can't break true love, super toilet" or even just a few funny jokes Nickelodeon probably thought were funny and decided to put the episode several times . <br /> <br /> The show is aimed at children under 10 because it involves brutal situations and "childhood humor" that most children of my age will not care for. The character voice selection could also have been better. Timmy has a very hard, shrill, female voice like Cosmo. Wanda sounds like an old lady. Timmy's dad sounds like an announcer or game program, Timmy's mother's voice is too exaggerated to sound female. Attitudes in this show are: in some episodes, Timmy talks back and treats and snobs. Wanda is apparently smart and wise. Cosmo is stupid, stupid and impossible to think like Timmy's father. Timmy's mother seems to end up doing what Timmy's dad is doing. <br /> <br /> The show was taken away from reality to get my wishes out. Perhaps as a younger child, I could see more of the humor in this show, but as I grow up, it really gets old. And not to sound, or a waste of garbage, but the show has that mentality that forces you to commit murderousness to the characters. A show like this should just be your attitude, if you know what I mean. If it is not, it is basically confused.
