When I first saw the trailer for Prom Night, I have to admit that the trailer looks good and it would be a fun horror movie. So my friend and I saw Prom Night last night and I must say I have to grow up because it was such a ridiculous movie, not to mention, I am so sick and tired of the typical horror treasure movies with the loud noises as an excuse. to scare people. There was no tension, the characters, how did I care for them? They had no development what-so-ever, the killer? Oh my God, it was probably the stupidest killer ever. I know this is a movie, but why would a man who never (or at least we know) ever have killed, murder a girl's family and friends he is just obsessive about? I mean, would he kidnap her or would he kill her? I have no idea, because this film did not make sense and is too predictable and insulting to true fans of horror. <br /> <br /> Donna's family was only brutally murdered by her teacher, who became very obsessive about her, was caught and jailed. It's 3 years old and she's just getting peace in her life, even going to her senior prom. But the killer escaped and still has Donna in his mind. He follows her to her prom which means bad news for her friends and the hotel and the beloved child, as it is such a good idea to kill the maid and the bell. boy so nobody is suspicious enough to make sure where this employee is. Donna is in great trouble, because this murderer, who is clearly human, can also be found in homes and can kill people so quietly. Wow. I'm sorry, I really wanted to love this movie, we didn't have a good movie for a long time, but it was just a silly movie I wasn't impressed with. Only the situations were incredible and the actors were offensive. I know it was a PG-13 movie, but I just love how somebody is bleeding dead and they only have a little blood on their clothes? Not to mention stitch holes? I would not recommend this movie to anyone unless you are a teenager, this movie was made for the teenagers, not adults, and not for those who know a real horror movie, no offense to those who enjoyed this movie not, but I don't understand how anyone can. <br /> <br /> 2/10
