"The Hazing" is one of their films I always wanted to see just based on the illustrated cover image here on IMDb. Yes, that's how level I am! I don't care if ten million people call it a crap movie, the poster looks fantastic, so I think I'll just have to see it? Now, "The Hazing" can be somewhat described as its alternative title: Curious! The poster and title make it sound like a real horror movie on campus and deals with sinister initiative rituals, but this movie is actually more of a crossbreed between comedy and thriller. First, there is something very wrong with the tagline on the old VHS box I watched. It says: He had good grades, a good girl and good friends? until they put him through the Hazing. "This is not the case. Protagonist Gilbert Lewis is eventually accepted by an award-winning campus through an athletics scholarship. It takes more than half of the movie before we even hear his friend back home and the only" buddy " He is a very nerd Charles Martin Smith (still with her in this movie) and is approached to become members of the coveted "Delts" fraternity, but during their emerging exam, in which they fall into a barney on a cliff. Down and Breaking His Leg When Lewis returns with the other frat boys, Barney has already jumped in. Together they planned to keep the body frozen for five days and claim he never had to cover him for Barney's absence The Hazing setup is very original and possibly innovative the problem here is that the performance could easily have been a lot better. The tone is too durable and too serious for a comedy film, even a black one. one, but the other can There are also no proper efforts to build excitement or excitement. The soundtrack is cheerful and full of songs, but it's almost not enough to make this movie a comedy. About an hour in the movie, the plot also comes from steam and idea, and the makers do not have a better alternative to fill the emptiness with romantic combinations of Lewis and his outer girl driving through the countryside. I didn't have the final spin because it is quite unquestionable and because it has been done several times before and after (although admittedly afterwards). "The Hazing" is not a waste of time, but I'm still glad I got an ex-rental tire from a friend's home, rather than spending money on the recent released DVD.
