The Solis has all the ingredients to impress the Academy. His director, Joe Wright, has already written a best photo candidate. The leading actor, Robert Downey Jr., died in a raging superhero film. Finally, the film itself is a drama. When it was pulled mysteriously from the release in late 2008, filmmakers and critics were amazed. Now that I've seen it, I assure you Universal didn't just delay this movie to promote Iron Man Oscar buzz. The soloist is a poor drama with no external conflict that is indeed inferior to any 2009 best picture candidate. <br /> <br /> Downey and co-star Jamie Fox shouldn't be blamed for this accident. Joe Wright is largely guilty, but he can't even save a lifelong story. Many movies are too complex and alienate viewers. This one is unusually simple. It's a movie about a newspaper reporter, Steve Lopez (Downey), who is a friend of a homeless musician, Nathaniel Ayers (Jamie Fox). That's it. Ayers is schizophrenic and does not reflect Lopez's traditional approach to friendship. The two become friends. They start this movie as acquaintances and are BFFs at its end. Tension exists for such moments: will Ayers let Lopez take him to the homeless shelter? This material would have been better suited than a TV production rather than a feature film. <br /> <br /> Wright contains many scenes of cheap humor to obscure the lack of content. Lopez struggles with yard-polluting wax plants that I consider subplot. Do you remember when it happened in reconciliation or pride and prejudice? Those movies are structured to make an occasional joke, but nothing so long. Ayers' back story is dropped when it doesn't have to be. Worst of all, these scenes are not connected and appear at random intervals. This is a way of acknowledging that the main story has little appeal. Nathaniel was a four-winged guy with a tough education (I was too). It's a crafted effort to create sympathy for Ayers when most of us already have it. He is a homeless schizophrenia to cry out loud! The film brings some man's love of music, such as Amadeus and Beethoven Lives Upstairs. However, this is not as effective as one of the photos. The whole movie depends on Ayers' schizophrenia. This is how he interacts with everyone. His musician is a good touch, but hardly worth it. The movie does not contain this feature completely in its persona. Take music from Amadeus or Beethoven Lives Upstairs, and no movie remains. The soloist deals more with friendship in general than music. Nathaniel can be a writer or film critic, and some rules of dialogue will have to be seriously changed. <br /> <br /> It's just Joe Wright's third movie, and his first isn't a romance that stares Keira Knightley. Let's hope this movie is not an indication of how limited its capabilities are. There are stylistic bells for his previous works, but the soloist is much weaker than one of them. In his defense, Universal did not have to agree to release this image very much. This film is tailor-made for Imagine Entertainment (Changeling distributors). I wouldn't be so disappointed if it had a limited release. His poor goat performance can inhibit better dramas to be distributed nationally.
