Prom Night is shot with the artistic eye that someone gives while he is producing a lifetime original movie. You know the one. This October takes a break from the brave story of a woman who survives (adding the disease name here) to tell the somewhat filthy story of a woman pursued by a stalker ex-boyfriend. This is dramatic ?? it's juicy ?? it is extremely boring. It does nothing to promote a genre, tell an original story, or strive for any kind of novelty. Prom Night shares this case. When we look at the victims in our victims, we sit quietly as they fall to the floor and have not lost a drop of blood. It seemed to me that it was the cleanest killer in the history of the film. <br /> <br /> Our director works with a pretty good killer so he is forced to pour on camera angles to make him look cleaner. Think of Matthew McConaughey with a knife toward you. You will probably go? "Oh, well, look, man is going to kill me? Not terrifying even for a second, so the director Schaech throws in the shade and over the shoulder in the mirror. This mirror shot is repeated to the point of disease, as it becomes virtually a fetish of the creator. You will find 15 bounces in this movie, of which 2 made my date jump (I might say she's scared of ONLY). I also want to mention that she decided to go halfway through the film and threatened to leave at one point. <br /> <br /> As if this movie wasn't enough, it looks like it's cut. I'm not saying it seems key points have been left on the cutter floor, as the crews have been bothering to save a feature film. I say if the movie moves from scene to scene, you often get a jump. This is the kind of thing you can expect when capturing a movie and a projectionist is forced to end up, cross his fingers and hope for the best. The editor must be shot. <br /> <br /> With a plot you can leave in two sentences, a stray spray of blood, an emo killer and the thrill of a very special episode of "Silver Spoons" with no reason to weekend horror support? at least on the big screen. In fact, this is the kind of film to be punished. Is it really that hard to make a scary movie? Was this crew even aware that they made a horror movie !! A complete waste of my time and yours. I bit the bullet to get you this review. Let not my sacrifice be in vain. DO NOT GO IN THE MOVIE !!!
