If you place this DVD in your player and "play" it, you will experience a brief moment of silence and see a black screen when the laser is guided to the correct starting point in the center of the disc. CHRISTMAS THIS SUMMARY. Make sure you have some Tylenol or something (preferably PMs so you can fall asleep), because you're going to have a big headache once this movie starts. <br /> <br /> With a lot of big breast girls and With an opening that actually made me, I thought I'd be a good time. Certainly, the opening sequence was a WEE little bit uncomfortable and most of the jokes were flat and it seemed like a scream ripoff (incidentally, my only chuckle was from Julie Strain's last comment in this scene). But then I knew there was trouble ... the opening sequence had a terrible rock song. During this horrible rock song I watched the titles of the DVD chapter and saw things that said, "TOPLESS IN THE BACKYARD!" and "better than sex!" I knew what the point of sale of this movie would be. <br /> <br /> And this is the sad truth: The only good thing about this movie is the attractive role. Unlike this, it is an unfortunate routine movie car that throws an "innovative" concept on murder clubs, which falls anyway. So, the whole movie then shows in a different direction to be confusing and this great secret, but it all adds up to not being interesting at all and making you feel that you don't care about any of the characters. I mean, if the main character of the movie is revealed to have killed an innocent woman, can you really feel any sympathy for her if she is afraid of her life? The Scream influence is common, with a ghost face-catcher and some very horrible jokes. We are also treated to scenes of the main character talking to her mother and father (Lloyd Kaufman! The only other cool part of the movie) about an abortion or something. Uh. Yeah ... It's not a "so-bad-it-good" movie, it's just BAD. <br /> <br /> Someone compared it to a Troma movie, but ... you know, most movie It comes from Full Moon (or its discount, as this movie proves) is terrible. Not terribly in a Troma sentence - I've seen many Troma movies, and I can honestly say they all offer something, ANYTHING you can leave and tell your friends later. However, this movie has almost nothing to do with it. Beware.
