A killer, with a plastic white mask and black dress, kills the friends of Hollywood producer Shawn Banning (Danny Wolske) who inherited his position when someone cut his former employer from cross to chest. Perhaps recently rented psychopath Maddy (Dabbie Rochon) has plagued an attractive, uplifted beauty with a troubled family past, with nightmares. Shawn and his friends played a practical joke on Maddy, about a supposed murder club, they started where every member randomly picked a victim to kill. If Maddy accidentally murdered a woman in a parking garage because of a dive placed by her in her car, she finds Shawn's pals chased her chain out. But, Shawn and his comrades are worried about Maddy's admission to murder and plan to change her into proper governments. Deciding to wait for a definite decision, every member of the white-masked psycho becomes maddy with Maddy judging by the fact that she has previously murdered. Or is anyone else behind these murders? Low budget clerk, executive by Charles Band, with gore murders that aren't convinced. Many tits on each other and Allen Nabors goofy character Chris can entertain those with low expectations. The murders include a gut that is opened with gut, a neck cut, an electric cord smeared in a swimming pool, a female victim who escaped all day long, an ax in the back of a male victim is buried. , a couple is tied by a rope during their sexual climax. (For more effect, the killer uses the wrench of a wrench as extra lever to snap the rope as sharp as possible). There are enough plot holes to drive a truck, such as why Maddy has nightmares from murders she didn't commit, how to kill someone so violently (with blood over her) and wake up in her bed without leaving anything at the scene of the crime that would easily imply her and how Shawn could go so long so that she could continue to work for the company despite what she had told about the murder she had committed and a constant desire to join the supposed club that does not exist. <br /> <br /> What bothered me most was the desire of the movie to somehow sympathize with this female protagonist who wanted to join a club after killing someone and later declaring that this is an accident. The film builds Maddy as the potential psycho throughout her past. Her family rejected her for an abortion. She has black outs and always fits on the screens of crimes after the fact. In many slashers, the one who seems to be the most likely killer is often the red herring, but this movie goes out of the way to point the finger at Maddy. When the strife takes place, we're left to Maddy, but we know she's not right in the head. This is a tough sale caring for this chick. However, she looks good in a man's Army shirt. And Rochon is not afraid to let her dolls breathe. Low budget horror fans will get a kick out of cult favorite Brinke Stevens as a religious fanatic mother who preaches against what Maddy did, calling her a killer as beloved Troma producer Lloyd Kaufman is the open father who can't get into a word edge to protect the daughter where he really cares. Cult Siren Julie Strain has a minor cameo, who obviously shows her tits as the opening mum of the man's girlfriend who crushes her head through a hammer. Oh, and look at the office for which Shawn works, you will see many full moon posters and artwork spread throughout the walls.
