One of the most common entries in the goofs category is anachronism. Though I start to think that anachronism and other goofs are more acceptable, even ignored, in very good movies, but in and out of rotten movies. KISS THEM FOR ME is a rotten film and series of anachronism, but when I looked it closely, I hardly found anything specifically anachronistic. <br /> <br /> The shots of airplanes that book the movie are definitely out of place. The big 4-way carriage after the title "Honolulu 1944" appears to be the post-war C-97 Stratofreighter (in MATS colors). The battle planes seen at the end of the carrier are Douglas Skyraiders who served after World War II. They were announced by their service in Vietnam. <br /> <br /> But with the exception of these two pieces of film and, of course, the hairstyles, everything is quite possibly authentic. It feels just as wrong. I'm a fan of Stanley Donen, we share the same birthday. In his co-direction ON THE DORP (1949), there is a car-chase ending with police driving 1949/50 Ford. However, it is not the slightest feeling that it is taking place in a WW2 movie. In fact, as I later reflected, there is nothing to say that it is a WW2 era movie. It just so feels. Based on a warrior Broadway musical based on a ballet (Fancy Free) based on the work of artist Paul Cadmus (The Fleet's In! 1934), this is a fantastic movie about sailors on a 24 -hour-pass in New York and, as heavy with war associations, it is only assumed that it takes place during the war and yet these contemporary cars do nothing to break the game. <br /> <br /> The first problem is old Cary Grant. Although too old to represent a Navy SBD submarine plane, it's a Hollywood tradition for stars like Grant, Gary Cooper (Lou Gehrig), Jimmy Stewart (Charles Lindbergh) to play younger. It was the role he was failing in, not his age. He plays an operator as they call it. A man who gets things right and breaks all the rules while he is still doing admires and loves them. A Hustler. A wheel dealer. A de rigueur character in a service comedy. Grant is the comic center of what is supposed to be a service comedy that violates his comedy style. <br /> <br /> Think back to the great Grant comic performances such as BRING UP BABY (1938) or ARSENIC AND OLD LACE (1944) and he is the big reactor whose comedy through its context of dignity to a frozen pool inertia must be reduced. In KISS DEM he is expected to be the comical spark plug that is not just him. People were already exposed to the kind, mostly to comic Phil Silvers as Sgt. Bilko on television. The role will later be perfected by James Garner, but Grant is just not funny and apparently a bully going his way by aggressively pushing his Cary Grantness, rather than making a fine and finesse. <br /> <br /> But the thing that really stinks the place with anachronism is the main women. There can no longer be real 50's women like Suzy Parker and Jayne Mansfield. They are unique to the decade. Marilyn Monroe can be placed in a continuum with Carole Lombard and Marie Wilson and any number of dumb blonde, and Grace Kelly was still a high class lady (think of Mary Astor), but there could never be an anatomically exaggerated woman in movies like Mansfield hadn't been. . Certainly there were the "sweater girls" (eg Lana Turner) of World War II, but Mansfield reached the point. Suzy Parker was the model that revolutionized the model business, which changed the model, which became the first natural girl who moved and whose personality was captured by the camera. (See FUNNY FACE (1957) also by Stanley Donen). <br /> <br /> Of course, in the 50-year-old style, there are many gender mixes at "wild" parties, but never a hint of sex. (Think of the 50's TV shows. Baseball father or The Bob Cummings. Returned from 'dates only'). The original book I didn't read was published during the war and appeared as a play on Broadway at the end of the war and the nuances of the situation had to be indispensable for contemporary readers and audiences, but broken down, captivated and restored a dozen years later and deadly, it remains a once-forgotten stain on other exemplary careers until the invention of the VCR and cable television has raised this petrified turkey. <br /> <br /> So the lesson here is that the 'goof' will be ignored in a big movie like CITIZEN KANE (which Charles Foster Kane actually says, 'Rosebud'?), and patience in a fun craving like WESTWORLD (why were the robots live ammunition in the first place?), but absolutely despised in a rotten movie, even though the goofs didn't really exist.
