In the dubious comedic ear of Mel Brooks, "Absolutely Moses!" try to take the Bible story of Moses and make fun of it, which has ever filmed the most unwanted biblical spoof. <br /> <br /> There is no real plot here, just excuses to express solid comedy talent in underlined roles. Dudley Moore and Laraine Newman are on a bus trip from the Holy Land when they bump into an old scroll in a cave. There they read the story of Herschel and Zerelda, also played by Moore and Newman. Herschel's life is parallel to Moses'. He was sent on the river to be found by the Pharaoh's family while Moses was the same. Herschel's birth father, late James Coco, becomes Herschel's slave after Herschel has been saved by idolists and works as a sculptor. Eventually Herschel came to the pharaoh as an astronomer, was banned and ended Moses's sheep. Herschel and Moses are brothers-in-law and married to sisters, and Herschel thinks God chose him to free his people in Egypt. Of course, Moses received the Divine Word, but Herschel misunderstood it. I will stay here to laugh hysterically ... pause ... Anyway, the rest of the movie is a series of badly written scenes that include Moore and actors making special appearances. These screens don't plug the plot forward, they bring that little story there to a grind. <br /> <br /> Jack Gilford plays a tailor. Dom DeLuise may have three lines when he meets Herschel in the desert. John Houseman is an archangel, just giving the same lectures he gave in "The Paper Chase". David L. Lander is a false blind man healed by Herschel. Andrea Martin is one of Zerelda's sisters. I wasn't sure who Madeline Kahn would be, she gave a drive to Herschel, and had about a minute and a half screen time. John Ritter plays a very unique devil. Richard Pryor has one stage than the pharaoh, but it was clearly shot at another time than Moore's scene because the two did not appear to each other! In the end, Zerelda turned into a pillar of salt after he looked back at New Sodom's destruction, ha ha. Herschel writes the Ten Commandments and gives it to Moses, who rests in all glory. In the final scenes, the screenwriter decides to try and save this shallow movie by attacking Herschel as a bait. God comes down as a powerful bully that surrounds Herschel for his own entertainment, by talking to him alone to give him the Ten Commandments. We even have Zerelda quip "God working in mysterious ways", expressing everyone's very un-Christian behavior during the film. <br /> <br /> This movie is not funny. There is nowhere to be found anywhere. At least Monty Python has made fun of many established religious roles in Brian's life, in addition to their dubious actions about Jesus' life, but here is the humor of poo jokes and characters who constantly stumble their heads. It makes Mel Brooks look like Merchant / Ivory. Churchgoers will be offended, not by the film's attitude towards religion, but through the smugness the movie, impressed with their own hoitytoityness (I don't know a word) about a topic they obviously know nothing about. "Absolutely Moses!" is completely bad, and an embarrassment to everyone involved. I suggest you read the book rather. <br /> <br /> It is rated (PG) for physical violence, curse, sexual references and adult situations.
