What a complete piece of trash. By the way, when a movie's action turns aircraft, you think the authors / producers / directors (or ANY!) Will do some homework over at least some of the details. The mistakes were so scary I was at the end of the movie. Here are just a few: I'm glad I missed the SR-71 series, which was worse than the Air Force One-F-117 spectacle. Commercial airlines usually painted their logos on the plane, rather than BOEING 747? probably the (cheapest) use of some Boeing advertising / publicity material by the director. Plugged wires connected by wire bolts are mediocre at best for home wiring, much less multi-million dollar aircraft aviation wiring. Airplanes like the 747 rely on pressure alone, rather than supplying oxygen in the air, to maintain breathing air. And if they rely on an on-board stock, the container will be much larger than fist size. Medical tape is not a suitable replacement for a screw thread. These were F-16s, NOT F-15s. Mach 1+ (audio speed) will be difficult to reach on a static on-going engine (see airspace indicator). "Standardization" simply holds the formation within one nautical mile, "route" formation is what they fly - not the most useful formation for an intercept. "The acquisition of missile lock" is unlikely to get a pilot's attention - they have no radar detection or countermeasures. "Waiting for my signal" is not communication between flights to prepare anything. Depressurization of a doorway in flight is not the ground for an immediate steep left bank. Shouting in a headset doesn't make it transferable. Magnetic headings are given as "headings", not "bearings", and headings are between 001 and 360 degrees (compasses in the air are just like compasses on the ground!), So turn left (not "harbor"? a boat thing) from a "carry" from 618 to 502 is just stupid. It is in most cases impossible to just "turn the yoke until the correct heading is reached" ?? that kind of thing will cause up to 360 degrees of rolls to center the yoke again. The likelihood of a flight attendant immediately finding and entering the autopilot is only slightly greater than the likelihood of landing the aircraft safely. Airplanes do not immediately bump after the throttle valve is retracted, and 747's have more than one small lever to control the multi-engine thrust. Flaps are lowered into increments, usually just before and immediately following landing expansions, not seconds before landing (great way to crash). Wheel brakes are required to stop an airplane, just to stop the throttle (s) (this time another lever in the movie), you will only allow the end of the runway to slow down. go. Did I mention that those fighter planes were F-16s and NOT F-15s? Guess I did? And that's just what I remember watching this horrible movie recently.
