French director Jean Rollin is not well known for big movies, and this confusing mess is one of the reasons why. One of the most confusing things about this production is the title. For a director known to target erotic films about lesbian vampires; you would expect a movie with the word "naked" in the title as a particularly bare-beak; but in reality there is not much nudity here. Instead of erotic lesbian vampires without clothes; we have a clumsy grave about a man who wants to unlock the secret of immortality, a young woman whose tribulation can hold the key and suicide cult, which should not do much. The film is promising with a series that a young girl sees worn by a mysterious bunch of masks under the watchful eye of a young French man who is also the son of a man of interest. Through his investigation, he soon discovers that this woman is not just a normal woman, and deepens in the cult; He discovers that it cannot be killed by bullets, drinking blood and not going out in the daylight. It looks like a clear cut of vampirism for me. <br /> <br /> Jean Rollin keeps the fantasy atmosphere throughout the film, but it fails to be interesting because the plot is done so badly. It's possible to keep up with what's going on, just because there are so many other movies that follow similar plots to this one. The director seems to know that he has also messed up the plotting, as the climax is basically an excuse to explain the film to the audience. There is also a turn at the end; but the movie would have been better without it. I think it was Jean Rollin's attempt to be a little original, but it comes down as a ham-fisted attempt on such, rather than a logical continuation of the story. The cinematography is pretty neat, with lots of plot taking place in suitable Gothic places. The girls on board complete what is a nice picture and what Rollin's film in logic and consistency lacks in style. In the film's defense it was made in 1969; what a bit explains the lack of shocks, but I can't recommend this movie as it is not much worth it.
