This review may contain some SPOILERS. <br /> <br /> Just when you thought they didn't make them that bad, Rae Dawn Chong comes as a space vixen and Willie Nelson as a native American magic doctor! It's even worse if you cause factors that these two are the BETTER aspects of Starlight, a movie that has to be seen only for the lips. <br /> <br /> Chong is an alien who is sent to Earth for the only remaining half race, share man and share alien. Apparently the Earth is in the difficult streets. Something is wrong with the genetics of humanity, and in a few decades the world will be transformed into a polluted desert. Only by duplicating the half breed DNA, the friendly alien race can save the planet. Don't ask me how it is, as the movie gives the impression that the world will be destroyed by pollution caused by humans. You would think the earth can only be saved by getting rid of the polluting creatures and not saving them! Anyway, the half-breed seems to be Billy Wirth, a man living in a small west of the South West and part of the native American out of his mother's line, despite the fact that she's a mother. redhead is Caucasian and his grandfather is Willie Nelson. Wasn't that the kind of malarkey that made the bombastic Carmen Electra bomb "The Chosen One" such a scream? Chong arrives in her ship, just as Wirth almost drowned after driving his motorcycle in a lake in a mill in a reckless meal because he only broke with his girlfriend. Before you can say the word "hogwash", Chong declares her secret to Wirth, who has not been surprised for a moment and speaks the word to Wirth's family. Chong also makes guys with Wirth's mother, who has lost some of her marbles over the years. Well, that's because Wirth's father was a stranger who dropped her. Of course he is the standard rogue stranger who has conveniently chosen this moment to come to Earth for Wirth, so he can use Wirth's DNA to make the Earth's people his slaves. (Huh?) His feasible efforts to use his telepathic powers and capture Wirth, suck most of the screen time and are the worst scenes in the movie. Not only are they boring, but they are the screens where you can see the flippers most. <br /> <br /> The ideas can be nice on paper, but they are dealt with with the greatest stupidity, especially in the aforementioned scenes with the villainous alien. But the consequences are the track of the movie. The opening scene involves Chong on her spaceship, who communicates with her superior, someone we don't see, but that Chong communicates with a barrel that radiates pink light. They use no spoken words, but telepathy, so we treat subtitles. The problem is that both the subtitles of both Chong and her superior look the same, and the director gives you no indication of which of the two actually "speaks" at any given moment, which makes the whole conversation nothing but gibberish. The spaceship is the worst-followed to come out of Hollywood, this side of an Ed Wood movie. Now I usually tend to apply effects with a low budgeted movie like this, but these effects really got me. The most offensive was the simplest one: a false night sky. The stars in the sky are so uncomfortable that they almost show a sound. Usually the moments where Chong tells someone she's coming from Pleiades, and we get a shot of the seven stars. Thing is, the seven stars take up about half of the night sky in the movie, but any star observer knows that Pleiades is a strong luster between the constellations Perseus and Taurus, and the cluster does not take up much space in the air. These effects become so uncomfortable that your jaw will be lower and lower with each passing moment. Be careful, because it will be all over the floor in the finals when Willie Nelson will be in a human spotlight. . . Oh, it must be seen to be believed! <br /> <br /> Starlight, star bright; Last night I see tonight; I wish I may also wish; don't have to look at this trash today. <br /> <br /> Zantara's score: 1 out of 10.
