I realize that a novel on the big screen is always problematic. This is the only positive thing I can say about this really terrible adjustment. <br /> <br /> Did you read "Wise Blood"? It's a wonderful book. Flirting O'Connor wrote across the south as nobody else has. She was a southern self, a religious Catholic, and a remarkable gifted writer. In her first novel, she has teamed up with a dark and deeply disturbing story of faith, doubt and salvation with an easy sense of humor and surprising selfishness. The characters in the book may seem shameful to those who didn't live in the rural south, but I can assure you that such people exist. Not only does it exist, they are people with families, feelings and concerns like anyone else. The flannery's intentions were so often misunderstood - she did not face the background's zeal - she saw the beautiful workings of what his grace would call even in the most violent, disturbing and malicious circumstances. To read 'Wise Blood' must be washed with a sense of fear and impending punishment. Finally, we must think long and hard about our judgments and prejudices - our whole world view. <br /> <br /> None of this comes through in John Huston's "Gilligan's Island" adjustment. None. It's a farce. A bad farce. The whole film is saturated with a headwriter who changes the stomach. The acting is poor, the southern accent is false and insulting. The filmmakers show no insight into the thinking of religious southern people. Me. O'Connor's intense prose is reduced to gags and cheap amateur theater. The soundtrack is a mix of hay-seededness and Clockwork Orange style cheeseball electronics that doesn't fit the story or even the MOVIE. I received free access to this movie and almost walked out. Truly, really terrible. <br /> <br /> As one side, I don't agree with Mrs. O'Connor's religious views, and while I got up in the deep south, years ago I made northwards and didn't look back. But the south is a beautiful place full of fascinating individuals (like every other place on earth), and the cartoon-like mockery with which southern people and their attitudes in this movie are offended. If you're abusive (which I'm not) then this movie is mostly the line over. <br /> <br /> I don't like talking about an artist's work - John Huston was a man I didn't know, and I'm sure he was a sincere and talented filmmaker, to which his respected place in film history testifies. My views are clearly skewed by reading the work of Flannery O'Connor. So I am not claiming from any other perspective. Maybe as a single movie, it works for cinephiles. But for Flannery O'Connor fans - and I can also add for self-respecting southern and candid individuals of all streaks - this movie is a waste of time.
