The film is plagued by religion, so it is impossible to divorce it from commenting on it. In my opinion, this movie proposes to investigate profound problems, but thrives on stereotypes and prejudices; with little real insight. What the people in the movie (and therefore the author) could not see was mercy. They did not understand that God is the author of beauty and He is the Creator of passion and sexual gratification in the right context of marriage bonds. To imply that the people of the society in which the story is based, believe that nudity is sinful, and both the man and the woman who enjoy marriage are dirty, are just an oversimplification. Such stereotypes really do exist, because even Jewish holy writings clearly speak of the caring man who will seek his wife's pleasure before his own. Scripture says that a man must love his wife as his own flesh and that no one has ever hated his own flesh, but he feeds and cherishes it. Even if you want to ignore the New Testament, the authors and characters completely ignore that there are passages like the Solomon Song in the Old Testament and the eternal book of Proverbs that says, "Rejoice in the wife of your youth, let her breasts always satisfied "! How can it be read in any other way than God knows and accepts and smiles at the marriage union and its enjoyment? True men do not ignore the value and needs of their wives. Those who do not deny a very basic teaching of the Jewish / Christian religion. God never said those things. It's absurd. Sonia rebelled because of the wrong application of the teachings of the true God of Abraham. It doesn't have to be that way. How sorry. What Sonia urgently needed was TRUTH, not tradition. To love and obey God, we love others more; for ourselves. This is the faith of the God of Abraham, Isaac, Jacob and Joseph; once delivered to the saints; bought and paid by Jesus Christ, the righteous. But well, ignore everything and leave the old, holy Scripture and turn to the wisdom of homeless people and ghosts. That's a good plan. I will never recommend this movie; partly because the sexual content is unnecessarily graphical, but also because it really does not provide valuable insight. Look out "Yentl" if you want to see a much more useful treatment of Jewish tradition, contrary to society.
