I'm so shocked at this documentary. I'm deeply ashamed and ashamed of the way in which Puertorians are portrayed. This documentary was not about the culture of Puerto Rican. It was about the culture of Nuyoricans. Puerto Rican and Nuyoricans are two different cultures. Many different cultures and should not be generalized to the Puerto Rican population. Rosie, before you make a documentary, you have to do the research. You also need to make sure your sources are credible. Puerto Ricans are not very hard and they have class, which is one thing that is missing the documentary. When I saw Rosie and Jimmie on the View and Rosie on Martha Stewart, I was very excited about the look. I even made sure to let my parents know because they love Puerto Rico. After the first five minutes, I couldn't believe how the documentary based the USA and looked like Puerto Rico's a lot of guinea pigs. You should visit Puerto Rico and you will see that Puerto Rico is not a 3rd world country where more than 50% of the population is in poverty. Puerto Rico has colleges and well-known universities, roads, cars, shopping malls, shopping malls (the largest Kmart and JCPenney's I've ever seen), restaurants, theaters, beaches, hotels (Ritz, Hilton, etc.), casinos, churches, agriculture , Auto Expresso and restaurants just to name a few. Poverty? Not 50% of the population. Puerto Rico's culture is about family, music, food, four, and trying not to move forward. Oh, and new cousins ​​don't just come out. No, it's not a Puerto Rican thing, it's a ghetto thing. We are not bastards. Puertorican descent parents who want to teach their children about Puerto Rico should invest in a family trip so they can see what Puerto Rico is about. They will see its beauty, people and culture. Please do not show this documentary, as it will only neglect their thoughts. Oh, and don't tell your American friends to watch this documentary, as it will just make the Puerto Rican people look ignorant. <br /> <br /> Yes, I was born and raised PUERTO RICAN from the island. Just so you know!
