You must respect this movie. It may just be a dumb boy's movie, but it is the most sought after movie title in online movie forums, requested by people who remember the story, but can't remember the title. So, what follows is an essential, detailed plot description, as I couldn't find such a description anywhere else on the Internet. <br /> <br /> A typical 2-story house is shown in suburbs. The 7-year-old Bridget tells about the suspicion that something is happening because she and her 11-year-old brother, Andrew, don't get any gifts from their parents. Bridget's gift is a stuffed penguin that she immediately calls Sweet William. Bridget describes her family: Auntie Ruth, a nurse who cares about grandmother, Grams, the cute grandmother, who makes dolls out of socks, and her brother Andrew, who is in electronics and eager. Gram accidentally hangs on the lieutenant governor, indicating that she is coming in the way while she is living with the family. The two children eat breakfast while the adults discuss Grams to a retirement home. Bridget makes a terrible pancake sandwich with cereals, eggs, bacon, strawberries and syrup, as Andrew looks incredible. The two children then discuss Grams, and Andrew undoubtedly says Grams "is being poured out on the pasture". Bridget talks to Grams on the attic, plays a tea festival with Sweet William in her bedroom, then a live doll comes unexpectedly out of her bedroom cabinet. <br /> <br /> Bridget and the living doll are known. The curly living female doll is called Huggins and lives in Huggaland. Bridget gives Huggins a baseball cap from Andrew's room. Huggins hides under a laundry when Bridget's mother comes, then the mother throws the laundry in the washing machine with Huggins in it. Bridget saves Huggins and drys her with a hairdryer. They discuss the problem with Grams that grow old and move away. Huggins says Bridget can talk about this with the bookworm in Huggaland, as he knows everything. They walk through the mirror to visit Huggaland, but one of Bridget's tennis shoes is inserted into the mirror. <br /> <br /> Instead of walking with one shoe, Bridget goes without shoes in Huggaland. They immediately meet Hugsy, a curly, lively little boy in Huggaland. Huggins gives Hugsy the baseball cap. They also meet Tickles, Bubbles, Impkins and Tweaker, and all the dolls sing a song while sitting on a bridge. Hugsy takes Bridget and Huggins in his hugwagon to see the bookworm, which stays on top of a huge book. The bookworm consult "the old encyclopedia" and find that age can be cured by eating the "young tree" fruit. However, there is only one such tree, and it is in the land of Shrugs, controlled by the mad queen of quartz. The only way to travel to Shrugs is to jump deep into a nearby giant book. <br /> <br /> Bridget and the two dolls sneak three times, jump into the hole and tumble. Soon they walk down a sidewalk, hear the sea break and break off the pavement when the sideways gravity ends. They touch the "hairy face", which looks like a mastodon, has four teeth, and breathes out of its torso. But Hugsy boldly goes over and hugs the guy who turns into a baby elephant whose name is Hodgepodge. Hodgepodge was the queen of the game and Hugsy was a favor, so they all drove back to the castle at Hodgepodge. They enter the castle, surrounded by trolling creatures, the queen (Queen Admira), and Bridget asks for some young ones. The queen refuses, then eats one for herself and looks over her own youthful good looking in a hand mirror. Hodgepodge faints when the queen says he must be consumed. The queen is upset when Bridget mentions that the witches must have witches, so the queen freezes Bridget and orders the other three to the dungeon. But the queen left the key to the dome of the young tree through the lock on the dome lift. <br /> <br /> Hodgepodge wakes up in the dungeon and uses his "noodle" to pull the prison door. down, releasing himself and the two dolls with him. They find Bridget amazed, the dolls push her, causing Bridget to be revived. Before fleeing, Bridget finds the left key to the young tree dome, lifts the dome, and picks some glowing young berries and puts it in a pot. The queen caught them, but the queen's arm was trapped under the falling dome as he reached the key that Bridget had left on the ground. The queen suddenly becomes very old because she is deprived of the juvenile berries and seems to die. Soon Bridget goes back through the mirror in her bedroom, but goes back to the bottom of the mirror, wasting the berries on her floor, and the berries quickly disappear one by one. Her mother asked her and Andrew to say goodbye to Grams, who was leaving for a retirement home. Andrew falls to his ordinary, grumpy, advanced facade and hugs Grams, telling her he loves her and doesn't want her to get away. Their father moved, and decided to keep Grams there, and everyone was dripping and crying, including Aunt Ruthie, who was the main person pushing Grams to move out. <br /> <br /> Andrew asks Bridget for his St Louis Cardinals cap, Bridget begins explaining how she gave it to Huggins or Huggaland, but Andrew doesn't want to listen to what he believes her fantasy stories are. He turned to look for it in her bedroom. One of the dolls secretly handles the lid back through the mirror to Bridget, Bridget puts the cap on Andrew's head, Andrew is concealed and leaves her bedroom without saying anything. Bridget smiles cheerfully at the mirror.
