I had great expectations when I heard that it was put back in 2001 because I read "The Devil and Daniel Webster" when I was a child and I found it very interesting. They made some changes to the story that didn't make much sense to me. Daniel Webster in the story was a well-known lawyer from New Hampshire in the story. In the movie he is an editor. An attorney makes more sense as he represents Jabez Stone against the devil himself (he was a man in the story but was a woman in the movie) in a trial where both of them are on the line. As an editor, it seems unlikely that Daniel Webster would have the skill to do so. <br /> <br /> The acting was decent by everyone except Alec Baldwin and Dan Aykroyd. It's two actors I love, they just did a terrible job in this movie. It was as if they thought they were in a comedy, but the movie was more serious than a comedy. This may be partly due to the fact that the movie was filmed with a certain vision, and then edited by someone else. Given this fact, it is surprising that it was completely coherent. I was amazed to see a fair number of SNL members in the film, further leading me to believe that it could be filmed with the intention of being more of a comedy. <br /> <br /> All in all I have to say it wasn't terribly terrible, but it wasn't very good. If I could get back the hour and a half and do something else with that, I would. The end was particularly disappointing. As in the original story, Daniel Webster defeats the devil in the trial. Jabez then starts at the beginning of the movie ... literally, we were just brought back to the first scene with Jabez, and then the movie suddenly ends. It actually seemed like they were just repeating Jabez's first scene and calling it the end. There is no indication that Jabez has the benefit of any knowledge or experience he has gained, who says he has not only repeated his mistakes, and perhaps over and over again in an endless loop? It was a very disappointing ending and didn't make much sense. The decent throw, and the action of everyone except Baldwin and Aykroyd, are the only things that appear as a complete and total crap sandwich.
