Was it a comedy or was it a drama? I started this review by asking this question because the movie I just watched, Hollywood Shuffle, was not funny or rather dramatic. While trying to make a point is so difficult, because of this lack of definition (comedy or drama), the clever themes and pointed comments have been lost. While I strongly believe that there are too many racial profiles in Hollywood, I don't even believe Townsend's director's debut has done much to stop it. Instead, I feel it has just added more fuel to the fire. Townsend's comic timing in this film was disastrous due to the fact that the elements he had to entertain were promoting it rather, and vice versa. The parts that were supposed to be serious were somehow destroyed by the lack of funny comedy. Townsend had a decent concept with this movie, but unfortunately the performance that ultimately hurt the movie. If you watch the preview before the movie (which I constantly do), you will immediately get the wrong impression of what you are going to see. The preview gives the impression of a very intelligent, comic film that makes him proud of the intelligence of the viewers, but the actual film cannot be further out of the truth. <br /> <br /> The main problem with Hollywood Shuffle is not story itself (because it is lacking in effect); this is Townsend's direction. He had a wonderful concept with this movie. Use Hollywood to exploit our race. Good idea, but why can't he do it well? The first reason is that his ideas are too random and sporadic. The structure of this film was like a heart attack on a monitor at the hospital, we are literally everywhere without any warning or card. It was clear that Townsend had quite a bit to say, but only a short time to do so. So, instead of defining his characters, developing his themes and actually creating a clever movie, he throws it all together and Pray that it works. Unfortunately it is not. Instead of a clever comedy, we have a hodgepodge of so many ideas, comic sketches, and underutilized actors that this movie goes from decent to almost immovable. What hurt most Townsend is its short, trying to be funny, interruptions throughout the film. From the battle against a villain known as Jerry Curl to parody Siskel and Ebert, Townsend's attempt to make fun while announcing a film industry message. This is because these small intermittent sketches actually derive from the central focus of the film and actually destroy it internally. While Townsend is trying to make a joke about life in Hollywood, he only switches to every stereotype and cliché in the book. What could have been beautiful satire transformed into just generic humor that never quite differ from each other. <br /> <br /> So, if you don't laugh at the humor of this story, there may be some comfort in knowing that some of the Wayans brothers are around to decorate this dull story. WRONG! The Wayans are in this movie, but Townsend shows that he has the ability to bring even the worst, even in this entertaining family. Definitely in their pre-In Living Color moments, we see that comedy was something everyone needed to improve constantly. Perhaps it was Townsend's direction, or perhaps just this horrible story, but these typical funny comedians were, of course, unused and ignored when it came to critics of this movie. I just thought that with the talent pool that Townsend had to pull out of that Hollywood Shuffle, would be funny, bright and a real sting on this obvious Hollywood dilemma. Unfortunately, it wasn't one of the above. <br /> <br /> Finally, I want to say that it was a workable movie. There were a few moments (while they were far and away) that had a smile on my face, the final product just didn't work out well with me. Townsend can be funny, but in this movie it just felt he was playing against himself, instead of his personal experiences and problems. I realize he's probably telling the truth, but it never came that way. Instead, we are screwed through a bad story, which supports themselves with idiotic flash clips that might have worked for a sitcom, but certainly didn't work for this movie. Even for those who commented that it was his legal directives debut and that he was learning about this movie, I would not agree. If you start fresh, you have a tight font or defined themes. Townsend didn't have one of them, and combined with the inability to control his actors, he only lost in a flame of fire. <br /> <br /> Overall, it was quite disappointing to watch. It reminded me of a Spelling Bee School where it is finally your child's time to spell. The word is difficult, but if the first two to three letters come out, you think it's going to work perfectly, but then there's the random "P" and the silent "R" that forces your excitement to fall. That's how I felt with Hollywood Shuffle. Initially I saw the potential, I saw the theme and the motive behind the picture, but through the unclear and inexperienced technique and after the first few scenes I experienced the deep fall feeling. Townsend sank his own ship on this one, and I don't think Hollywood Shuffle will ever be submerged again as a pivot of Hollywood theater. <br /> <br /> Degree: * Off *****
