After a lively, predictable opening bank hoist, 'Set It Off' plummet straight into the gutter and stays sinking. It is a movie dealing with nasty, thin stereotypes instead of characters, careless manipulation instead of coherent plot, and a horrible sundown of sentimentality and gratuitous violence instead of thoughts, whites or feelings. In short, this is no different than 90% of Hollywood product. But it is the racial shop that makes 'Set It Off' a particularly sad example of contemporary films. As a celebration of 'cyst hatred', the film is actually a celebration of the most virulent forms of denial of Afican-American 'gangsta' stereotype. The gimmick this time is that the gangs wear wear. Not only does the film show that gang stars are a default identity for all African Americans who are being held for cash or a little by the man, it offers its systems as level materialists who earn money and stay above all else. Worse, Set It Off exploits the theme of racial discrimination and disadvantage, simply as a device to solve its poor plot structure. Serious racially-related social issues are used in a motivated and opportunistic manner to justify armed robbery, then they are dismissed as soon as the film has to make the inevitable conventional end to punishment. The LAPD seems to be a lot of caring, guilty liberals (tell Rodney King), and the aspiring 'good' last, Jada Pinkett Smith, follows the path of upward mobility from the 'hood and opened a world of middle class self-sufficiency for her by her boppie bank manager boyfriend. 'Set It Off' illustrates the turbulent state of the contemporary blaze exploitation movie, which clings to mindless gangsta stereotypes and pretends to be living in 'hood' while despising all the time. While the kind of 'Shaft' and 'Superfly' in the 1970s might have had stereotypes and created well-dated plots, they had freshness, energy and innocence that struck a chord with audiences of all races and still made fun of look. "Set It Off" would not be worth getting angry if it wasn't a symptom of the tragic decline and ghettoisation of African American filmmaking since the promising breakthrough days of the early 1990s.
