I saw the second part yesterday. And I have to say, it was actually better than the first one. At first I realized: It is actually a successor, not a remake, but not a good one. I don't like the old movies and the series of Galactica, because the silos looked like toasters (just as they are in this new movie) and were totally harmless to the old galactics. This movie turns the sides - people were harmless, but the whole movie was totally chaotic and stupid. Many scenes were unnecessary, for example the story of the "computer expert" - quite a crap. If I were a screenwriter, I would have killed him in his home, killed by the silicon woman. And the evacuation of the planet? Oh, please, if it were bombed by 50 Megatons (why exactly 50 MT?), They'll be dead by the radiation. And how is it possible that the big fleet of silicon had been completely hiding before the attack? Oh, it was probably this computer virus created by the silo. The script is probably written by a 10-year-old schoolboy. The good side of the movie is that people are finally defeated !! Actually defeated, the population is near the extinction (children die - twice explicitly in the movie: 1. A baby !!! Maybe one month old and a girl at the age of ten - what a violence ... ). And the bad asses won and I think it's the first time in such a scientific galaxy. I also appreciate the design of the silos (not just the humanoid silo :-) a good job with these ships - I like the design of the ships by both - human cylinders. The human ships are a good never-before-the-old. And galactica - really nice at these docks, I liked it. But that's all, just the design isn't enough. The play was really bad, the whole plot was foreseeable (just two things - the human silo on the ragnards and the human silo at the end). The dialogues were trivial (and in Slovak dabbing is just silly, but it's not the movie's fault). The whole movie looks like a pilot movie for a series, but who would shoot such a series? What is it going to be about? One star for the design second for the near extinction of humanity.
