This movie is a mess, but it's not pretentious. The art art for the video markets it as a "fun throwback" to the 1950's giant bug movies. In fact, it is a transparent cellar ripoff of "Aliens". <br /> <br /> The producers clearly wanted to make an "ALIEN" image, but they didn't have much money. In fact, they don't seem to have any money. I hope everyone paid what worked on this thing. <br /> <br /> The basic plot is retained - a group of people isolated with murderous insecticides - and an earthly location is inserted for budget reasons. Instead of placing the movie in space where no one can hear you screaming, they put the film in a hospital where everyone can see your budget being left bare. The amusing thing about "Blue Monkey" (and there is only one thing about it) is that the filmmakers have not abandoned the "Alien" aesthetics. Although we are in a hospital, we have another unlikely supplement where science fiction experiments are conducted, in this case the honorable "growth hormone" plotter. The attachment also doubles as a boiler room (or something) so we can give an explanation for the sample that is looking for heat. The kettle room is so large that it is tied with multiple casting steps, which is perfect for dropping smart between the rods. <br /> <br /> The idea is that a man working in a greenhouse is attacked by a hanging flower from a rare imported plant growing in an exotic location. He touched and said "Ow", so we know he's hurt. The cut on his finger causes him to fall into unconsciousness within a few minutes, and in the hospital he gives a white worm through his mouth (I think in a "strange" picture, it will be called the "mouth crawler"?). ). The worm is isolated, but a few naughty little children (leukemia patients) sneak up and accidentally give an experimental growth hormone. You know everyone is in trouble when some hospital staff with whiplash attacks are attacked by a camera on a crane, and a maintenance man soon gets some mandatory cocoons just before being caught by some semi-convincing insectoid arms. The rest of the movie is dominated by the semi-offscreen monster, half-obscured by the half-darkness. <br /> <br /> What brings us back to "ALIEN". How, you ask, can a movie in a hospital include all the flashy strobe lights that are always in the "ALIEN" movies? No problem ... a power failure (or something) causes the electrical system to go wrong, causing strobe lights in each room of the hospital to bleed and flicker throughout the movie. It doubles as a comfortable garment for the less-than-special effects (although the bugs look neat, they don't move too well, and the baby insect looks great like a Cootie toy). <br /> <br /> OK, so, what "Alien" bases we didn't cover ... OH, water drips down the walls! Look ... we'll divide the massive hospital into two parts, and then send a few characters through the damp droplet to get to the other side. Problem solved, we now have the opportunity for many "preliminary tunnel" shots. And don't forget the fog ... well, you never really need an excuse for this in horror movies? OK, maybe inside a hospital you're doing, so we'll create smoke by sparking and burning a lot of things. <br /> <br /> I didn't say anything about the insignificant acting, not the actors being given. any kind of script to follow. I take it "Blue Monkey" was supposed to be light-hearted and fun, and if so, it's a good try, but the pieces don't come together and the movie eventually becomes a real drag. See a movie called "Return of the Aliens: The Deadly Spawn" if you want to see a movie of this type that gets it right, with even less money and even more marginal acting talent. This one falls flat on his stranger.
