* McCabe and Mrs. Miller * takes place in the turn-of-the-century Pacific Northwest. In a mischievous muddy camp, John McCabe (a Hirsute Warren Beatty) comes to bargain, full of cigar smoke and great ideas to set up a proper parlor / whorehouse for the town, with a trio of the finest whores in film history. He also comes with an undeserved reputation as a gunslinger: too embarrassed to blatantly advertise, but not exactly scared to use it to claim alpha-male credentials among the locals. And so he scares the boys to build his salon at 15 cents per hour. <br /> <br /> It seems like a bit of a fraudulent operation until Mrs. Miller (Julie Christie) on a surprising contrast appears half-rail, half-car (where did Altman find that thing?). Mrs. Miller immediately joins McCabe as a business partner with a view to classifying the new joint with whores and insisting that all visitors take a bath before entering. Since McCabe doesn't know how to add, she also insists on handling the accounts. It is not clear what McCabe's function will be. <br /> <br /> The plot thickens as some oily mining company representatives in town appear and offer McCabe five ground. McCabe says they have to break down - he holds out fifteen thousand. The company finds negotiation unpleasant, so they hire a trio of killers to just kill McCabe. . . Although they think they can get away with the killing of a man in the daylight in the middle of the village, is as unclear as McCabe's function in the whorehouse partnership. (Excuse this beautiful plothole on the grounds that locals would be crazy to speak, don't cut the mustard if you think any rewards money offered by the local Marshal will be pretty tempting.) /> <br /> * McCabe and Mrs Miller *, who are allegedly "classic Seventies cinema", should be much better than it is. The movie tells a good story; the main characters have the potential to be interesting. There are some striking scenes, especially the one that seems to be a 14-year-old stone cold killer. But it's really hard to enjoy a movie if you can almost hear what someone is saying and when you can barely see what someone is doing. Again, this director cuts his own movie with mere sleepiness and messiness. According to the trivia sheet here on IMDb, the film's editor Altman found that the sound was muddy; Altman disagreed; And when everyone said the sound was muddy after the movie's release, Altman blamed the editor. (Nice.) Along with the bad sound, the movie has a horrible look. Only Robert Altman can rent a world-class DP such as Vilmos Zsigmond and make a movie that looks like they have sprayed the lens with dirty dishes. Reviewers here who praise the "dark brown glow" of this photo can't joke me. The interiors are shot by a dark foam. The outdoor photography is even worse: it is as if Altman has placed 500 fog machines behind the big trees. During the climate, when Beatty kills the assassins while the local church is set alight, Altman insists on obscuring the view with an animated snowfall, reminiscent of one of a Rankin-Bass Christmas offer. <br /> See - I can't watch a movie under these conditions. Get back to me when you learn how to place boomerangs, if you remove all the annoying "Altman-esque" overlapping dialog, and when you remove the lenses with some Windex or something. 3 stars out of 10.
