How they got Al Pacino to play in this movie is outside me. This movie is absolutely horrible. After reading some of the other reviews, I discovered that some people actually enjoyed this movie, which made me very upset because I didn't see anyone in their right mind possibly enjoying a movie as terrible as Revolution. It's not just that it's a bad movie, with a lame plot and total strangeness that is extremely unpleasant, but it seems the movie makers either mentally disabled (it's a very possible explanation why this movie is struggling as it does it is probably still struggling even compared to other films made by delays or deliberately making every illogical decision to make this movie suck as much as possible. For example, we see Donald Sutherland running around with a big, thick ugly mole on his face. He doesn't usually have a mole. The mole does not add to his character. It is extremely ugly and distracting. It's not like Robert De Niro's mole; this is much worse. Why the hell did he have that mole? It's as if the filmmakers just said, "Let's see how we can even make this movie worse than it already is?" I know, let's say Mr. Sutherland gives a giant, ugly asshole on his face. "<br /> <br /> Another example of the folly of the filmmakers is the character Ned. We see for the first three quarters of the film, young Ned. At one point" six months later "appears on the screen. We see Ned again, and this is of course the same actor who plays the boy. Five minutes later, "three weeks later" appears on the screen, and suddenly we have another actor playing as the parent of Ned. "Good God! Again, it's like the filmmakers say," How could we make it worse? I don't think we can't ... Oh wait! I just had a terrible idea! "I know a baby doesn't grow much in half a year, which is good, but he grows at least more than he does in three weeks. Just don't get another actor to play Ned, or get him at least five minutes when he is three weeks younger.The kid who plays the "parent" Ned does not look older than "young" Ned, in fact, he just looks completely different, a lot skinnier, and no longer or older than the original actor, which is very confusing, as I, like any rational person, first thought it was a new and different character. <br /> <br /> What has the first Child dies while filming the movie? Because he was the first and a half in it, and then suddenly three weeks later, Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels Ned play for the last five minutes of the movie. even though the original actor died, the filmmakers had to have at least an actor who seemed to be playing the rest of his role, and about five minutes of six months later shooting screens. Better yet, stick the film down completely, never finish and never let go of it, don't tell anyone, because at that stage they had to realize that their movie sucks and just wastes and succeeds in finishing it. to make one of the worst movies of all time. <br /> <br /> I'm not saying this movie is so bad, you shouldn't see it; It's so bad you have to see it, just to see how much it sucks. It's terrible, terrible.
