Brilliant actor like him, Al Pacino derail completely Revolution ?? his method-acting approach is completely inappropriate for the role of an illiterate staircase trapped in the American Independent War of Independence. Much of the debt has to be attributed to director Hugh Hudson (yes, the man who made just a few years earlier on Father's, talks about a down-down!). One of the many job opportunities of a director is to march the actors and enforce credible actions from them, but in this case Hudson allowed Pacino to run amok without asking for retention of any kind. It's not just All's career-low performance that prevents the film: there are many other errors with the Revolution, which will be mentioned later. Unlettered hiker Tom Dobb (Al Pacino) lives in the north-eastern region of America with his son Ned (Sid Owen / Dexter Fletcher). He leads a simple life ?? The life of the country, raising his son, surviving the elements. The country is handed over by the English colonialists, but in a period of eight years (1775-83) a revolution takes place that ends with the British injury and the independent American people are born. Dabble is caught up in events when his boat and his son are accused by the Continental Army? Wiped away by events they can barely understand, the Dobbs find themselves for their lives and freedom in one bloody engagement with the other. Tom also falls in love with Daisy McConnahay (Natassja Kinski), a beautiful and ardent British aristocratic descent. Their forbidden love is pronounced against the wider historical context of the battle. <br /> <br /> Where do the movies start? Most important actors are mistaken? Pacino has been criticized enough, but Kinski explores a little better than the apostate aristocrat while Donald Sutherland is hopelessly lost as a relentless English soldier with a wobly Yorkshire accent. Robert Dillon's script is stunned by his efforts to bring massive historical events to personal level. In any case, it seems as if someone has decided whether this is an intimate American Revolution character study, or an epic war movie with a handful of sharp-drawn characters used to carry the story together. As a result, the story falls into no one's land, flashing innocent and meaningless from a great spectacle to a small story. John Corigliano's score is pretty cruel and is thrown over the proceedings, with no thought or subtle. Hugh Hudson's direction is quite clumsy, both in his mismanagement of Pacino and the other major actors, and in the decision to use annoying, shaky camera during the action series. The idea of ​​the hand camera is to create immediately ?? that sense of "being there" in the confusion of struggle and musket fire. Like so many other things in the movie, it doesn't work. The one section where the film is respectful again is the period detail, with costumes, sets and weapons that consistently look accurate. But if it's timely detail, you're interested in a trip to the museum, a better way to spend your time, because as an exciting movie experience, Revolution doesn't even start the grade. Nothing more than a £ 18 million mega-bomb that the poor British film industry could afford in the mid-1980s.
