What a great word is "re-think". Isn't that what they call Dawn of the Dead MMIV (2004)? A clever word indeed - it disguises the term that everyone has grown to hate, 'remake', that is, and makes it almost sound as if the process of making one was creative and the imagination involved. Well, I was deceived. At least I was more deceived by the idea of ​​countless gore and unbridled violence than by the idea of ​​thinking again, although it played a role. <br /> <br /> Still, why make a remake? Directors just do it for a few reasons: to update a movie for a modern audience, or because they personally love the original and want to pay tribute to it. A tribute, if you like. However, all this in general (I admit exceptions), comes down to one thing: putting someone's idea and reforming it (or "reinventing") so that those who would never see or understand it would pay money to pay it to see. It's like Coles '/ Cliffs' notes; Immerse everything in a blender, clean everything that is more enigmatic and inquisitive and throw some artificial flavors. In other words, a good marketing scheme. <br /> <br /> So what's wrong with this one? Well, I started with what I wanted. I like the opening scenes. Thanks to CGI and a bigger budget, we could actually get hold of the chaos of the zombie holocaust. Romero tried to communicate in the original through minimalist means. We see the city in ruins, thousands of zombies: chaos and death. Two words that look nice on the screen. Then it falls apart. <br /> <br /> This setup doesn't go anywhere. The movie does what almost every remake does. It adds more of everything except character, atmosphere and story. It is stricter, (in some sense) more bloody, and more full of main characters that appear only in subconscious subplots. The institution, the shopping center that played an important role in the original film's story and theme, is purely coincidental. The idea communicated in Romero's movie is the pure ecstatic joy of having a shopping center for yourself as a fortress. Furthermore, this "imagined" no moxie, no spirit, no balls. It accepts (probably quite rightly) that the audience has no attention span and does not bother us interested in the characters or the story. The movie is rushed and misses the more subtle interactions of the four characters of the original. You've actually grown to care about those people in Romero's version because there was a certain realism of their existence despite the madness outside the mall. Here you don't care about when or what is going on. What matters is how they go. <br /> <br /> What else are they saying? The movie is not scary. It has one or two "jump" scenes and it tries to make the rest with gore and hard special effects. As a story, it's a lot to hook up to and the conflict between characters is underdeveloped to save it. The humor is also reduced to a few one-liners (and one very good character: Andy). Then, what remains? An ultimately it is obviously ridiculous and far inferior to the muted, inevitable ambiguity of the original film. But despite being a pretty bad movie (though not as bad as other remakes), it must be remembered for one thing: it kicked the Passion of Christ from the number one spot in the box office. Well done zombies.
