This movie is pure 'Hollywood loft'. It is based on a novel called 'Not too narrow'? Not too deep 'by Richard Sale, who may or may not have been interesting; It will investigate to find out! The story in the film obviously has many incidents and a lot of background that existed naturally in the novel, but was not seen anywhere in the film. The film is also scarce cut, or the screenplay is a mess from the beginning. There is not one millisecond in this remotely realistic film, either in terms of events or characters. This is pure Hollywood fantasy in every way. Two well-known actors, Paul Lukas and Peter Lorre, were so underutilized and wasted that they were not in the movie at all. They should be thrown into the mix in the way an sprinkling of chopped chives is placed on an omelette, hoping the flavor will be improved. The film is a painful attempt to produce a "morality story", and is so jealous that it is fake. The story relates to some hardened criminals captured in French Guiana. They want to escape through a jungle from their French colonial prison (much of a Hollywood jungle, with a rubber snake). Of course, there must be a woman in the story, so Joan Crawford builds it up as an accident that for some reason is irresistible to Clark Gable, one of the escaped criminals. Crawford, who escapes through the jungle, wears high-heeled shoes and keeps her makeup fresh. Gable flirts and grimaces and make mahkish expressions, curl his forehead as she wont, smirking and looking evocatively at everyone, which was his way of acting. It is difficult to treat such a character as a hardened criminal if he always tries so hard to be Clark Gable, that he certainly did not have time to be a thief. (Attendants are by definition stealing and not suitable for a task that requires people not to see it.) The whole escape is so ridiculous that it can only be considered light entertainment. An attempt at religion and 'depth' is made by injecting into the story a mysterious 'angel of grace' who voluntarily goes into prison and pretends to be a prisoner. He helps in the escape and guides all the criminals and ministers to their various deaths, helping them to find peace in their last flight. This character is played very well by Ian Hunter, who remains a convincing air of secret knowledge, makes mysterious smiles, cryptic prophetic remarks, and has a small place trained on his face to give him a heavenly glow. The theme is intended to be salvation. You call it the Donald Duck version of Hollywood Goes Moral and Gets Heavy. For real depth, Hitchcock's 'I Confess' of 1953 shows how it really should be done. On the other hand, this piece of trivial unclearly shows just how the cupboards of Meaning were in Tinsel Town, and that when they went for something that could mean something, all they could come up with, guessed you more.
