The author of many novels, plays and short stories, W. Somerset Maugham (1874-1965), was considered among the world's great writers throughout his lifetime. Although his reputation has faded over the years, his work remains critical and a great read public. Published in 1944, THE RAZOR'S EDGE is the story of a veteran of the First World War whose quest for spiritual relief flies in the face of shallow western values. It was Maugham's last great novel - and it was extremely popular. Since the novel's conflicts are intertwined with spiritual and philosophical issues, it was also an exceptional choice for a movie version. But Darryl F. Zannuck of 20th Century Fox fell in love with the book and shortly after publishing the screen rights. <br /> <br /> According to the film story, the RAZOR's EDGE was taught by the legendary George Cukor of a Maugham script and Maugham seems to have written an adaptation. However, when the film was in production, Cukor was replaced by Edmund Goulding, a director who is less known for artistic touch than a workman-like way. The Maugham script was replaced by one of Lamar Trotti, the author of such memorable performances as THE OXBOW INCIDENT. Tyrone Power, who recently returned from military service during World War II, was thrown as the mentally confronted Larry Darrell; Gene Tierney, one of the great beauty of her era, was cast as social Isabell Bradley. The supporting role-play was particularly noticeable, including Herbert Marshall, Anne Baxter, Clifton Webb, Lucille Watson and Elsa Lanchester. Both the budget and shooting schedule were cute, and when the film was debuted in 1946, it was much admired by both public and critics. <br /> <br /> But time has a way of bringing things into perspective. Today, the RAZOR's EDGE is indeed a beautifully crafted film - but it is the absolute best one can say that it achieves a fairly consistent mediocrity. As in most cases, the main problem is writing. Although quite close to Maugham's novel in terms of plot, it is noticeably out of character and is completely failing to capture the fundamental issues that govern the story. We are told that Larry is looking for relief; we are told to receive it; we are told he is dealing with it - but in spite of the occasional and largely superficial comments, we are never really told any of the spiritual, artistic, philosophical and intellectual processes behind any of these. We never told anything significant about the nature of the relief itself. This leaves the story on its knees. <br /> <br /> We are left watching Maugham's plot, which focuses on the relationship between Larry and Isabell, a woman who loves Larry, but leaves because of the growing ideological reef that opens between them. Tyrone Power and Gene Tierney were more famous for physical beauty than talent, but both were able to perform well when receiving solid direct and script support. Unfortunately it doesn't happen here; they are extremely one-note and power is much to be missed. Fortunately, the supporting role-player is pretty good, with Herbert Marshall, Clifton Webb, and Lucille Watson especially. However, the best-known performance by Anne Baxter did not behave as well, but one would hope. <br /> <br /> With a running time of just under two and a half hours, the movie also feels unnecessarily long. There is seemingly endless cocktail party-type banter, and indeed, the whole of the India series (which reads screamingly) would have been better cut - a strange situation, because it is the series that is the core of the whole movie . Regardless of the particular scene, it just seems to go on up to no real point. <br /> <br /> As far as the DVD itself is concerned, the movie is not remastered, but the pressure is extremely good, and while the bonus package is not particularly memorable, nor noticeably poor. When all is said, I give THE RAZOR'S EDGE four stars for production values ​​and everyone's willingness to tackle the material - but honestly, this is a movie that is the best of Power and Tierney, which for the sake of the stars enjoy. , and those whose ideas on spiritual enlightenment are as vague as the film itself. <br /> <br /> GFT, Amazon Reviewer
