What if Somerset Maugham wrote a novel about a coal miner who decided to seek transcendental relief by joining a country club? If he did, he could have called it The Razor's Edge, as the Katha-Upanishad tells us: "The sharp edge of a razor is difficult to pass, so the wise one says the path to Salvation is difficult. " But Maugham decided to stick to the well-grown class, so we carefully cared for Darryl F. Zanuck's version of Larry Darrell, who recently returned from WWI, well-committed in society and determined to get himself to become a coal miner. <br /> <br /> Or, as Maugham tells us, "It's the young man I write about. He's not known. It may be that when his life finally comes to an end, he no longer tracks will not leave his stranger on this earth as a stone thrown into a river leaf on the water surface, but it may be that the way of life he has chosen for himself can have an increasing influence on his fellow human beings, so after his death, perhaps it will be realized that at this time a very remarkable creature lived. "<br /> <br /> The Razor's Edge has all of Zanuck's cultural taste that could buy money. It's so serious, so sincere ... so important. When Larry goes over his quest for wisdom, working in mines, on merchant ships, climbing a Himalayan mountain to learn from an old wise man, we played his selfish girlfriend, Isabel, played by Gene Tierney, his tragic childhood by Anne Baxter, the girl's snobbish and impeccably dressed uncle who played Clifton Webb and Willie Maugham himself, played by Herbert Marshall and took notes. The film is so indifferent to the goodness that the only thing that hinders it is Clifton Webb as Elliot Templeton. "If I am a hundred, I will never understand how a young man can come to Paris without evening clothes." Webb has a few good lines, but we end up Clifton Webb, not Elliot Templeton. <br /> <br /> For the twentieth century, Zanuck wanted to win a prestige when he bought the rights to Maugham's novel. He waited a year until Tyrone Power was released from military service. He made sure that there were dozens of well-dressed extras, a score that sounded like a cathedral and he even wrote some of the scenes himself. The effort is as self-conscious as a fat man wearing a hired tux. Despite Hollywood's view of things in The Razor's Edge, I can tell you that hard work for most people does not bring relief, just fatigue and low wages. <br /> <br /> After about two and a half hours, we last saw Larry carrying his duffle bag aboard a steamer in a storm. He returned from Europe to America, with a happy smile on his face. "My dear," said Somerset Maugham at the same time in an extremely decorated room. "Larry has found what we all want and very few of us ever get. I don't think anyone can fail to be better, and more noble, childish to know him. You see, my dear, goodness is after all that biggest power in the world ... and he has it! "Larry and the audience both need a healthy dose of Dramamine. <br /> <br /> So we didn't forget Maugham was a good writer of plays, novels, essays, and short stories. To see how the movies could do him right, watch some of his short stories appear on the screen in the Encore, Trio and Quartet. And instead of wasting time with Larry Darrell, spend time with Lawrence Durrell. The Alexandrian Quartet is a good read.
