The summer of 1979, when this movie was a staple on the new film medium called HBO, was Gas Line Summer & Iranian Hostage Crisis Summer. A change of mood was about to end low-budget, one-off motorcycle movies, though "Smokey & the Bandit" kept fast-paced, which took place as live-action Roadrunner cartoons for a couple of years. "Corvette Summer" is as strange as any previous movie like "Vanishing Point" or "Dirty Mary, Crazy Larry," as lighter and more sexy than most. Just-graduate, high-school car genius Kenneth (Hamill) hitchhikes to Vegas in pursuit of the car theft ring that tore off its Shop Class masterpiece, a super-custom, right-hand drive Vette. In the spiritual limbo of the I-15 desert (see "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas") he gets a custom van (yes, it was also the tail end of the venture) by the naughty hooker Vanessa (Potts) , on the way to Sin City to make her feel good, whatever makes ambitious hookers. Vanessa, get it? Shy, innocent Kenneth is predominantly in Vegas with his only American friend and new friend to help him, though the stubborn young call girl is predictably less global than she first looks. Why, in the "I'm Woman" quality, Vanessa has invested her talents, money and future in the world's oldest but least worthy profession, for example, college or even hairdresser, explained by young men who would like to think that all women at least consider the joys of that career path. Remember the target audience, right? Hamill is a good choice for the white Kenneth (the car doesn't even belong to him personally, but to his school), which will not deviate from his purpose by violence, money or even love until he finds out why The Car was really stolen. Potts acts with style and energy, but Vanessa is too incredible for anyone, but the most credible testosterone machine to buy. The bad guys are made surprisingly human, especially by the always fine Brion James. But there is not much action and it is not the kind of movie that can be worn through dialogue, plots or heavy themes. You can always get up, turn the TV switch and plug in your "Pong" console. The similar but mean-minded Chris Mitchum vehicle, "Stingray", which appeared about simultaneously, was slower, but more skin, speed and chaos. The best features of each movie may have made a valuable film worth. So the Trans Am was left to govern the space car spy showroom. Another forgotten car trick brought back from death through the "Speed ​​Channel's" fine weekend series, Lost Drive-in.
