If you hit your teens in the 70's, you probably remember the stories about Studio 54 whether you liked disco. An exclusive club, it was the perfect symbol of 70s cultural overindulgence and self-absorption; There is even an excellent VH1 documentary about the club that can tell you everything you wanted to know about it, and the stories are easily interesting enough to create a very engaging film. Unfortunately it is not. 54 follow the lives of some of his employees, a bartender named Shane (Ryan Phillippe), a bus end named Greg (Breckin Meyer), his wife, a maid girl Anita (Selma Hayek) and of course the master of ceremonies himself, Steve Rubell (Mike Meyers). While the performance at the club is well represented, this film is more applicable to the personal lives of the workers, and follows Shane's story closest. <br /> <br /> The movie works in spurts. Sometimes it perfectly captures the baldness of the nightlife culture (such as when Shane is taken to a dinner party and doesn't know who 'Errol Flynt' is) and other times it becomes hokey melodrama. Some of it is inherent in the premise ?? Follow the mutual as they blend into the world of the rich and fabulous? but much of it is due to the child-treated treatment with which the club and Rubell are given throughout the film. While Rubell electrolyses the New York scene with his love for the top spectacle and his exclusive handpicking of the crowd every night, the disastrous drugs and sexuality are briefly touched upon; and Rubell herself, while being called in excess, comes strangely positive to a man who, in life, was a liar, a fraudster, a drug abuser and promiscuous as hell. Not that I was looking for the man who is being polished here, but his ego contributed directly to the fall of his club and the reduction of the nightlife culture that he helped raise. A final scene where he looks at the progenitors is so emotionally false that it is clearly absurd. <br /> <br /> Meyers is doing his best to catch Rubell, but he's been given so little to work here. It surprised his performance. is effective; but he is good, and he helps anchor the film. Philippe, who I generally regard as a good actor, is hampered by the eagerness and stupidity of his character. He is limited to a deer-in-the-head smile or an unbeatable frown, and even he can't translate it into a strong show. Hayek and Meyer are both good, again, interrupted by the writing, and Neve Campbell ?? featured prominently on the DVD cover ?? Looks so short that she really has an extensive cameo. <br /> <br /> For some reason I still find myself fascinated by the popular culture of the second half of the seventies. But even given it, it's not a movie that kept me very busy, despite a prosperity to satisfy it. I would say if that era or that club is of interest to you, follow the VH1 specialist rather than the middle melodrama.
