On the face, Ruiz decided to make a psychological excitement. Although not as satisfactory as a classic piece in that genre, there is compensation. The tension between Huppert and Balibar as women calm but calculating in war over a boy, they both claim is compelling; However, in a true European style of house design, Ruiz does not give us the release of this tension, as the women alternately act compassively towards each other. The only raised voice is that of Huppert's wake up of a nightmare (an undisputed irrational movie event). <br /> <br /> In fact, if we follow the title, the movie is so little about his jumper skeleton as Jane Campion's In The Cut. Instead, it is an intergenerational psychological study focusing on men. The boy, Camille (Nils Hugon), decides on a practical joke and plays his mother against an emotionally vulnerable other woman. Rather, both women look as though they are bothering, and it connects the problem. In the background is a bad psychologist (Charles Berling) who quickly confronts the women in his life - his sister Huppert, the nanny or his father - and as a symbolic adult counterbalance to the calm and (our learning) manipulative Camille. It is especially interesting that, like the father in Henry James 'The Turn of the Screw, Denis Podalydes' law enforcement father is absent for the duration of the film. Ruiz has an Oedipal moment from Huppert's reaction to his return to the film. <br /> <br /> Read either as an excitement or as a psychiatric essay, this movie is ultimately disappointing. I am officially very tired of Mme Huppert's screening method, which is to be buried and therefore I will see her on stage before coming back to her (European - Enjoy Heaven's Gate) movies. The support is good. But Ruiz doesn't do the favor. Quite apart from some poor lighting and some intentional strange shots, it's as if its direction has reached quite a bit of character. I especially think of Edith Scob's Shamanic neighbor of Isabelle, who knows and communicates immediately. The chassis does not link to a pre-drive card. The tension I have already mentioned is not only poorly disappearing but wasted in its direction. <br /> <br /> Want to see a good, contemporary French thriller? Check out L'Appartement earlier. 10/04
