I absolutely reject this movie. No wonder Jose Larraz denied it at one point and refused to discuss it. I admire Larraz's work, especially his more obscure slasher / sex maniac thrillers like SAVAGE LUST or SCREAM AND DIE. His work has a kind of inevitable art about not being able to turn off, which is partly due to his secondary career as a painter and cartoonist. It's too bad, he never made a Western, his vision would have been perfect. <br /> <br /> BLACK CANDLES is easily his most notorious movie and probably his best known after the masterpiece VAMPYRES. And its fame revolves around one scene where a Satanic covenant constitutes a bizarre ritual, which includes the reproductive fluid of a goat - symbolizing the cattle - as a kind of false balm used to make the waist like sister of prepare a murdered man for her role as the bride of satan. The scene in question is performed in a way that looks quite convincing, even without the performance of any plumbing equipment that the goat can be equipped, depending on the drama of the actress recruited to play the smuggler in the ritual and lots of guttural chanting on The movie's recycled music party heard in half a dozen films attributed to Jacinto Molina. The perverted nature of the scene is more implied than shown in graphic detail, which is somewhat exacerbated by the knowledge that the petitioner is actually the teenage daughter of the Satanic priest. Me, but they had fun thinking about this movie. <br /> <br /> The problem is that there is not much to discover or pursue, except the paper thin ROSEMARY'S BABY-derived story of a woman weaned in her role as Satan's bride by a sophisticated covenant of Satanists living in the scorched lands of a very sinister Britain. Guided by Euro Horror Sensation Helga Line these Satanists consist of doctors, attorneys, land who own magnates and other top-notch makers who owe their professional success for their worship of the devil. All you have to do is sell your soul and the world can be yours, just look out who you can sell out to repay a small personal conflict, or you can end up with a sword. <br /> <br /> The movie seeks to combine this happy satanic journey with oodles or borderline graphic sex and should be regarded as a kind of highlight or highlight of the generation and horror. Spanish thriller traditions that are partly by Mr. Molina & Ms. Line made popular and unbelievably flourishing under the disapproving eye of one Generalissimo Franco, the dictator who controlled Spain until 1976. While living, his decision was that the Spanish theater was free of graphic depictions of sex on the screen. Spanish directors often made two versions of their films, one with sex for their own screens and one with fornication on display for export. As difficult as the filmmakers had to express themselves, the result was a kind of interesting tension that usually arises when artists flourish with the forbidden: Spanish horror of the 1970s, having a particular taste, which is a bit of a acquired taste. It's not for everyone. <br /> <br /> But in a bizarre variety, without Franco's influence on their culture, the Spanish horror dried up in the late 1970s, when their Gothic castles and demonic orgy suddenly found themselves. compared to new sensations such as JAWS and the STAR WARS phenomenon. And without Franco's constraints, they were suddenly a flood of exaggerated graphic thrillers emerging from the pipes in the late 70's / early 80's, of which SWART CANDLES might be best known for the emphasis on animal cattle sexual dysfunction. Larraz's big horror films have always thrown around sexual taboos (the lesbianism of VAMPYRES, the incest of SCREAM AND THE & DEVIATION), but here is the effect of depravity to overshadow the rest of the production. No one cares about anything other than the traditionally censored journey to the Give Barn, and looking at a cut version without the scene in the barn is almost an exercise in futility. The sex is not graphical enough to view as porn, and the cold fever is not enough to cherish as a horror. <br /> <br /> Thus, BLACK CANDLES is essentially a behavioral study. Here is how high society can carry British Satanists in their secluded homes in the West Midlands or whatever. Between sex scenes, actors / actresses sit around and have many conversations. The best thing about this movie is an indisputable oppressive atmosphere of claustrophobia, with most of the action taking place in the narrowly built interiors of me. Line's character's home. Almost every highway of fornication is indicated on such a range of soft-core sex hulls with an indication of supernatural abomination, will be amused. Of course, the vicarious sex criminals among us will spot their chicks to the goats' spectacle. But the ultimate conclusion of the film is stupid, pretentious, intelligence insulting and probably perfect for such an otherwise forgotten exercise in applied sleaze. <br /> <br /> 2/10; Without the bonfire, this movie is just not the same, and with the scene it's probably a bit too much for most viewers. Larraz was correct to deny it.
