Notice for yourself - just because a movie is foreign, dark, and stars Catherine Zeta-Jones doesn't mean it's good. This is the case with 'Blue Juice', a 1995 Brit movie about an unlikely group of surfing enthusiasts in what it looks (a dumb American, anyway) an unlikely place to find surfers: Cornwall, England. You might think it has the potential for an amusing, exciting little comedy. If so, then. The movie is just a little over ninety minutes, but it seems unmistakable. The easiest way to describe it is as a sort of '90s British version of' Grease 'without the dance, but even that makes it sound better than it is. No, the best way to take it is as a small piece of life in a small town. Catherine Zeta-Jones plays Chloe, a young woman who lives with a surf instructor, JC (Sean Pertwee, you remember him). Pertwee is actually the movie star, and his character is something of a surfing legend to a small group of surfers, the required oddball group of free spirits who inevitably live such a movie. In this case, it consists of a drug dealer who wants to be a journalist, a former nightclub DJ who wants to be a record producer, and a valiant man who is stoned in an unnecessarily prolonged scene and loses all his inhibitions. Of course it seems the best thing ever happened to him. I can't honestly say everything that goes on in 'Blue Juice' is predictable, as it is in a place that reflects customs and manners I am not very familiar with, but there is certainly nothing surprising or even interesting about it. with the characters. However, the comedy is very predictable and tired. One can feel the set-ups a mile away and do the dialogue (in American form, of course) before the actors. The relationship between JC and Chloe is equally hackneyed. She wants him to grow up; He wants them to stay the turbulent teens they started. He is afraid to lose his face with his gang; She thinks he prefers her for her. You get the idea. While struggling to stay focused on 'Blue Juice', I felt to the end, as it is said, that it is an hour and a half of my life, I will never return.
