About five minutes into, and I saw where it was going. A lot of high school children are irritated by the school's administration and thoughts of rebellion attacks. I told my friend: if it goes below a 5 on IMDb, I'm going to read a book. It has 5.0, so she convinced me to continue watching. What are the good things? Well, it's a good thing that this movie doesn't have a story because you will probably be distracted by the editing. This is like drawing a student torn up by one of the teachers. All the material for this movie was cut in a freak accident with a meat cutter, and half of the cattle were destroyed. The other half has two seconds split pieces. Even in ten seconds of local TV news, there are about six tracks and three different angles. And then there are the settings. It's all about electronic music, which warns you about another fitting, so that, like every Pavlov's dog, every time you hear it, you start to cross. It's about every three minutes. Oh, I had to say what's good about this movie. Well, the movie is well shot, with a nice color palette that closely matches the emotional content of the scene. Well, now with the movie's big mistake, and it wasn't the story or lack thereof. The director made the fatal mistake to mislead you about people and situations, not through clever stories, but by being highly selective about what to show about the main characters. It's just deceived. I think he did it to make the central character more enjoyable. But it just got annoying. If the story is full of holes, it's not good to upload it by tricking the viewer. And often there wasn't even an indication about it. And then the end. Basically, the chief villain of peace seems to be an old guy, as a coward. In addition, it seems to be the whole point of the film, that you should stand upright in the fair, by the already mentioned mismanagement, and make it a point of the nature of revolutions that have already been made, much better, per farm. It also committed what I call the so-called Bill Cosby sin: no matter how things look first, adults are always right and children are always wrong. And let's face it: unless you're me, it's just not true.
