Sammy Horn (Michael Des Barres) is the chief chef and owner of a well-known restaurant in California. He has a beautiful wife, Grace Horn (Rosanna Arquette), who is pregnant, and a beautiful five-year-old boy. Sammy does indeed love his family, but like Dr. Jeckyll and Mr. Hyde, he has a double life, with sex with many different women. Dr Jane Bordeaux (Nastassja Kinski) is trying to help him. OK, this is my mistake: I read the summary of other IMDB user comments, I have the IMDB user rating, but I really didn't believe that Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski could participate in such a bad movie. I decided to check it out, and actually some comments are very smug. The storyline, the script and the dialogs are so stupid and ridiculous that even in some X rated movies we can find more intelligent stories. Photography is so amateurish and naive that in some parts it seems to be taken by a VHS video camera. Michael Des Barres has no sense of being ridiculous: an old man, naked, would be acceptable in an ad of Viagra or little boy's grandfather. But as a handsome man who gets sex with any woman, it's scary. In Wood Allen's comedy he might have a chance, but in a serious movie it's funny. I try to find out why or how Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski accepted to participate in such a terrible, amateur and garbage movie. Need money? Lack of chances in better movies due to their ages? Are they friends of the "director" (sorry for using this word) and did he decide to help and promote him? I don't know if Rosanna Arquette intended to show her breasts full of silicone, but it is unacceptable that such a great actress accepts such a manuscript. The same goes for the beautiful Nastasja Kinki. She is presented fat, without makeup, without any glare. A total lack of respect with one of the most beautiful actress in theater history. A fact is really interesting to me: how can a reader, without any personal interest, promote this trash, give higher ratings or comment on this movie? Are they friends of the "director" (again, I use this word ...) or the cast? It seems very strange that a normal IMDB reader can hold such a movie. My voice is two. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): `Viciado Em Sexo '(' Addicted to sex ')
