This trashy B film attempts to masquerade as a study of sexual addiction, but it is really a poor excuse for a sex-fluttering movie. The story revolves around Sammy Horn (subtle name) played by Michael Des Barres. Sammy is a restaurant owner with a clueless wife Grace (Rosanna Arquette) and a young child. He has a sexual addiction and must have meaningless sex every five minutes with any woman in his field of vision who will agree (and, of course, every woman on the planet finds him irresistible despite being old enough to gather social security). <br /> <br /> The story is centered on a conversation with his therapist (Nastassja Kinski), describing each of his sexual exploitation via flashback. It's nothing more than a convenient starting point for a serial sexual act parade, consuming at least 75% of screen time. <br /> <br /> It's hard to know where to criticize a bad movie. The production values ​​are abysmal. The movie is shot on video with a look somewhere between a TV soap (at its best) and an amateur punk shot in someone's garage. The direction of Joseph Brutsman is terrible with poor lighting, uninspired framework and poor carriage direction. The writing is vapid and the dialogue mindless and vulgar. Women are generally portrayed as sexually controlled nymphomaniaes who are just waiting for an addict such as Sammy to come together and snatch them while feeding their unforgettable appetite with an impersonal copulation. . As an example, Grace's sister came out to indulge Sammy that she knew he was asleep and that she would tell his wife. His reaction is to throw her against the wall and rape her. About three seconds in, she had an epiphany and was immediately converted to one of his sex disciples and begged him to give her more. Just as they were finished with Grace, Sis said to her: "Oh, great to see you have to run to pick up Timmy and mum is the word about Sammy's indiscretions. The bond of loyalty is sealed with good ravishment, no destroyer here, because it is so typical of the obvious nature of the movie that anyone who saw the first fifteen minutes predicted it. <br /> <br /> The sex depictions are all redundant, Mechanically and so poorly simulated that they are more comical than erotic, most of them are done with both fully-dressed contestants, the act is miserable, and Michael Des Barres offers all the depths of a rainfall pool, and he really looks like pushing and swearing the sex parts, but when it comes to Arquette and Kinski, he really works, Rosanna Arquette is the closest thing to an actor in this movie, who offers a portable show and really looks hurt when she finally discovers that perfect man is a nice animal a Kinski is too compassionate as the therapist, but at least we have some plays here. The rest of the cast is just a collection of exalted body doubles that give their mind-set lines as "hit me harder, is it the best you can do?" "" and "Oh, God?" YES. <br /> <br /> This movie is one of the worst I've ever seen, a dubious distinction to the thousands of movies I've seen. I gave it the extremely scarce dishonesty of rating 1/10. Not seen within three hours of any meal.
