You can't deny that we have an affinity for speed. Therefore, films such as Fast and the Furious, Dhoom, Rempit are made to play to the satisfaction of audiences, especially local children. We live on a small island, and I can't understand why most of us want the relative efficiency of the public transport system by owning a set of wheels that are 100% tax when they reach our coast. The wealth of taxes and bills to pay when you work. Not only that, the high-end sports cars were once slapped by a prominent politician in the north so they would never reach the fourth gear, so they didn't reach the sea. <br /> <br /> And these movies are relatively easy to make. Hot wheels and hot chicks are always good at the required demographic target. For once, the thin necks that uncomfortably buxom and short skirts that emphasize two meters long can't compete with the attention given to the beautiful curves that exotic cars possess in movies like this. Of course, among us (ahem) there are those who go for the sexist portrayal of women as mere sexual objects (otherwise explain why car shows come with truck vehicles models, and movies like this can't be in a frame without a leggy model ) However, they do not guarantee the sort of collective orgasmic sighs when the quads come on the screen, even if they do nothing and keep their gears in Park. The man sitting next to me swore I had his pants appear every time his dream cars appeared, and his pants shrunk even more when he heard those nuts. <br /> <br /> So there we have it, the fans that turned up in the wagons, just to see which of the latest cool cars appear in the movie. With the Fast and the Furious franchise, Japanese models like the Evos and the Skylines take center stage, just like the GT. Here, the Ford GT has an incredibly cold-worthy facade adjustment, which I also impressed with, along with the latest models such as the Ferrari Enzos, Porshe Carerra GT, Koenigsegg CCXs and every car there is, has wings for doors. But seriously, my heart goes out to the cars every time they are mercilessly destroyed just for entertainment. I mean, it's perfect, high-performance models that are about to drive, yet because everyone who financed the movie had to blow millions. They do it because they can. <br /> <br /> There is no story in Redline, just excuses to put together a movie full of beauty (the cars it is) that could possibly cut off the asphalt the most boring fashion and with the usual shots of pedals (always the accelerator, you think, typing the brake pedal is equal to blasphemy, and deserve no respect), steering wheels, gearshifts (always shifting and not down), all this while you have the actors, pretend to the worst asses are with an engine, sniffing and giving each other a dirty look. Not a very long order for an actor, so we get the most boring performances ever, with lines found by basic schoolchildren. <br /> <br /> The heroine (yes, it made a statement that girls can ride) Natasha (a very plastic-like Nadia Bjorlin) is one of those million dollar findings. A girl with a model does not care to go to four and be immersed in oil. They have a pedigree in her and perform a rock song singing songs with lyrics that are just ridiculous (every line has to do with cars, and if you sing about love, you just had to keep the rope like the gear shafts, lubricants and lubricants move). She is announced against her wishes to disclose illegal racing through a gangsta called 'Infamous' (Eddie Griffin). She is being pulled into family cabs involving a Leo DiCaprio Lookalike war veteran of Iraq. Everything else, as I said, only serves as an excuse for the movie to race from race to race. <br /> <br /> And this is almost always the same, as there is a very limited amount of what you can do to increase tension between race cars, especially if you know the race is a guideline (for narrative reasons) and can run the race. see a kilometer from the finish line. While Fast and Furious had quite charismatic actors, I would put my head on the cutter block by Paul Walker, Sun Kang, and of course the star who created it - Vin Diesel, Redline had nothing, just pretty faces with lots of air Unfortunately. It looks like a TV movie in its treatment from the beginning, with a very incessant opening sequence where it's one man, one car and a 105 minute race against time to go to Vegas. <br /> <br /> If not For the cars, then this movie is seriously a piece of junk, with bad acting, bad lines and bad action. Strict for car fans, or those who love their movies with countless beauty pimping their bodies without any talking lines.
