There is a play in this movie about the 42-minute point that is one of the worst I've seen in a while. As F. Scott Fitzgerald (Gregory Peck) and Sheilah Graham (Deborah Kerr) sleep on the beach, things are suddenly tense and Sheilah is crying. At this stage she tells her lover about her sordid past. This "dramatic scene" is being overpowered so much and I can't help but turn to my wife and cry out how stupid it was ... if dramatic music swelled on television, it all came to a false crescendo . NO one experiences moments like this - no one. Now how much of the rest of the movie is true, I can't say, but this moment was nice and fake like a $ 8 Rolex - and let me assume some of the other reviewers were correct - the movie is " a lot of bunk beds. However, I am not an expert on the lives of these two people and the internet has not made it clear. <br /> <br /> Just who was F. Scott Fitzgerald and Sheilah Graham and how was their relationship really? What I do know from Fitzgerald, however, looks different to what I saw in the movie. Was he the cute and decent man we initially saw in the movie? Well, since he was married at the same time, he wore Graham and drank like a fish, I suppose he was. Was he as stupid and boring as we see later in the film? Maybe, but if he was so bad. A wife. Graham stayed with him, and it makes her a complete dummy - and not someone you'd like to see in a movie. And if he wasn't, then the film has a poor disservice to his memory. Either way, it made for a painful and not particularly enjoyable viewing experience. <br /> <br /> The sum total of this movie seems to be a story of two not very sweet or healthy people. In a dark and lazy way, some can find it all very entertaining, but most are certainly a train wreck with no surprises on the go! Unpleasant, but with shiny production values ​​(especially the music, which was nice but right over the top), asked the question: "Why did they even decide to make it in the first place?" The bottom line - it's a very bad movie anywhere and probably not worth your time - even if you, like me, are great Gregory Peck fan.
