It's a bigger budgeted movie than usual for genre director Honda (with more elaborate sets)? although the special effects still have those distinctive falsifications for them (see the giant bats and rodents). It also uses a surprising number of American actors: Joseph Cotten who plays the visionary scientist looks uncomfortable and weak (but then his character is 204 years old!), An innocent Richard Jaeckel is the photographer hero while he, as chief villains, We get Cesar Romero and Patricia Medina (both mainly champion). As I have already said, I grew up watching English films that were baptized in Italian, but hearing Hollywood actors in Japanese is another thing altogether! <br /> <br /> LATITUDE ZERO feels like a young version of a typical Jules Verne adventure, and is pretty entertaining at that level; Indeed, it is better to have Honda's low-brow variations on the monsters-on-the-rampage formula due to the inherent beautiful charm of the set-up in this case. The plot involves kidnapping a famous scientist by Romero ?? He was planning to establish himself in the underwater, technologically advanced city designed by Cotten (which recruits the world's leading ideas). We are being treated to many stupid fights between the competitive parts, but the most amusing scenes are definitely the attack on Romero's cave? In fact, Cotten does somersaults and the defense of men in rubber suits (via flames and laser emitted from his glove!) Must surely be the back of his scene; The other parent in the pot, Romero, is more in his element ?? He was the Joker in the BATMAN TV series and 1960's movie! Cotten has a sly-dressed blonde doctor on his team, and is assisted by a Hulking Asian; Romero, on the other hand, is flanked by an Oriental femme fatale ?? however, eventually finding a rough deal for her efforts (the girl's brain is eventually transplanted into a lion and condor hybrid, which is one of the finest creatures you've ever seen!). Apparently, a 2-CD series of this one of Media Blasters is fighting on this same day !!
