Perhaps you want to know in advance that I'm not a Mormon, unlike a good number of those who have already reviewed this movie. I call it so that you will understand that the way I look at the film is very different from that in faith. For some, criticism of the film is considered criticism of faith - and it is NOT my intention. So, my review is that of an outsider trying to look inside and learn more about who this man and his people were. Well, after I saw the movie, I doubt if I had learned nothing at all. Since I was a history teacher, I have a good basic understanding of Young as well as Joseph Smith as well as the teachings of the church. But anyone who wants to see this film learning something will probably be disappointed, because the movie looks so gosh-darn beautiful - too beautiful and unrealistic in its portrayal. In addition, you learn almost nothing from the church's beliefs, except that they are nice, hard work, and some have many women (and the last part is only scarcely mentioned in the movie). Instead, people are almost cartoonly in their simplistic portrayals. Joseph Smith and Brigham Young and their followers are English, the non-Mormons were all devils and Brian Donlevy (plays exactly the same role that Edward G. Robinson played later in the Ten Commandments) is the trouble that claims to be a Mormon. but just come along so the movie can have a bad man. It's so very simple .... too simple. Almost like an indoctrination movie or infomercial. <br /> <br /> Brigham Young was especially a very complex man - with very good points (an excellent organizer and visionary) as well as bad (don't first start my view of blacks in church or inter-marriage ). To portray him in such vague terms is simply stupid. It is also much like Gandhi being portrayed in the film with Ben Kingsley - emphasizing only the facts that led to his being almost superhuman. Heck, now that I think about it, it's the trouble with most religious films. They often come as one-dimensional, thin and bare. Let's have a complete and more complete movie of these men - one that will comply with facts and not emotional appeals. <br /> <br /> Now that you can ignore the fact that you won't learn much from faith or its second leader, the movie is enjoyable enough. It goes without saying that someone at the 20th Century Fox really cares about the movie, as they have a wonderful movie from both Tyrone Power, emerging actors (Linda Darnell, Jane Darwell and Vincent Price) and wonderful character actors (Dean Jagger , John Carradine and Brian Donlevy). The film also shot great location and lots of shine. It just didn't have much to tell us, except that they were all "swelling". Plus, there were many factual errors and some just faint scenes. Some of the flaws include the fact that Young took over the helmet immediately after the death of Joseph Smith (it was three years later), not mentioning the various Mormon denominations and splinter groups, speaking of "gold in California" - although it was 1847 and gold will only be discovered until 1948, and no specific mention of polygamy or Smith's many women. Just dull scenes include Carradine stretching a gun and waving it in the courtroom scene - and nobody cared - even if it was a very hostile audience! Don't you think the judge would tell him he would shut it down and that people would be threatened with it? <br /> <br /> A final note. Do not repeat, do not watch this movie if it is shown on American Movie Classics (a great station that has sunk over the past year). While criticizing the film because of its simplistic message, I was appalled by the total disrespect that the station had for the church and its traditions. What I mean is that. The movie is played with ads for penis enlargement formulas as well as tons of pop-ups (some advertise a show containing the "sexyest cast"). Talk about disrespectful and coarse and I'll just as offended if they did it for any other religious movie. By doing so, they not only hinder faith, but market their market - after all, who hears these things and the life of Brigham Young? Is this a movie, in this form, that you can show or recommend to your children?
