Nahhh! Leila (Grace Mills) is a teenager of Satan (and LSD) appointed by her archaeologist fiancee Richard. There is a neighborhood hippie devil cult hanging at the local old old castle, where Leila and Richard drink blood, drop drugs, collect sex organs, dance psychedelic rock dance and participate in black mass-ceremonies where the guys pants, masks and capes wear. and the women wear nothing at all. Unfortunately, this kind of extramural activity has opened Leila to demonic possession of the dreaded "spirit of evil." Leila also comes from a screwed family, which also doesn't help. Her older brother John is an assassination apparently in love with her. Her mother, Patricia (Maria Perschy), is depressed because she thinks she is responsible for the father's death. To download it, her sister (Maria Kosti) is a semi-fast semi-golfer, Debbie Gibson. There is also enough hired help to waste more time. Two girls (a young man pulling a lot of clothes and a guy spying on everyone), plus Udo (Luis Induni), a naked voyeurist handyman who boasts Leila who changes clothes, takes nude photos of her and sneaks into the swimming pool home to take a sniff of her freshly used bathing suit. Oh yes and Borg, the pet German Shepherd. <br /> <br /> Paul Naschy is Father Adrian Dunning, the dubious priest (zzzzz) who started walking around after John and Richard both turned their heads back. Leila tells him, "They say I'm wrong and I'll prove it's true!" During her birthday party she tells her guests: "You make me sick! I hate you all!" And when mother suggests a doctor comes over, she shouts, "I don't want to see that thick ass!" Debbie suggests joining Leila to a "sanitary" but Leila walks away and joins the cult again. She was rescued and returned for the third time. <br /> <br /> At this point in the movie, there are only ten minutes left to go and everything we've seen basically is very boring scenes of characters talking and daring how terrible and f-ed they are life is and how Leila is being strange. It's almost as painful to go through as an Andy Milligan movie, minus the gore and laugh. But in the last few minutes we get the movie that implies the title - an EXORCIST-like possession flick. Unfortunately, the best part is Leila's contact lenses. There are a few cheap time-lap stripes on her arms, legs and face, she gets rough lips and her eyes take on the appearance of blue and white marbles. She starts with rotting meat, spits on a clear bunch, starts talking in her dead father's voice, sneaks into her mother's bedroom, beats her a little and calls her a "dirty bitch from a whore." In it comes Father Adrian, who now finally believes she is indeed owned, her attempts to endure temptation, hallucinate frogs and donkeys are in the kitchen and lead Leila with holy water. Doors open and closed, a mirror breaks, there is suddenly thunder and her bed rises off the floor. After tackling Dunning and rolling the two down the stairs, the spirit is out of her and in-guess who? Why, sponsor the family, pooch! The devil's dog then turns Adrian on and throws him a little before expressing it on a rocket. Then we get one of the most annoying final shots ever committed to film. This is Leila on the floor of her horrible look back to her normal sexy self. But then there is another time-effect effect that seems to indicate that the devil might have revived her body. It's done so badly, you really have no idea what to do about it, which is the final blow to anyone who just realized they wasted an hour and a half on this worthless POS. <br /> <br /> Screw the contacts, 1 out of 10 it is.
