... You can't hide her exactly because she's old; and if you were a charity, you could say that the painful passage she is doing is not really her fault. However, in these circumstances it is often difficult not to get irritated if you drag your heels into her tickle. So it is with "The Pallbearer", an attempt to do something else with a romantic comedy that is being chased away mainly because the place is wrong. like showing your breakdancing skills at a grandparent's funeral. <br /> <br /> To further expand the metaphor (perhaps ignorant!); As the old lady begins to feel with the setting up of the film, his demise is not far away. Sure enough, this particular 'death' is becoming prolonged, slowly in our small reserves' reserves, which are so depressed, we realize that the proceedings are only in one direction: Downhill. His struggle to do "humor" can be seen as a mile off - again, no different from the grim inevitability of death! <br /> <br /> Once again, back to the image of 'dragons', the main character, Tom, seems to be repeatedly repeated throughout his life. If indeed there are degrees of 'pathetic' then this juice may be some good notches before Schwimmer's other known role. To find yourself in the awkward position that the audience sympathy with a character should become even more 'clueless' than Ross is, is definitely a difficult question, even though he could be a cartoon like Schwimmer, but I think he can find fault with him. How can he ever escape his most famous portrayal if he picks scripts where the characters can be almost "interchangeable" even if the situations are excited. It? A man with a long high school is in love with someone he hasn't seen for years. Sounds familiar ...? Paltrow is nothing else than falling into her 'Rachel' role, but anything that goes over old soil might be forgiven if the noticeable differences are not so uncomfortable either. Unfortunately, the romantic element so well behaved it is thin and the 'background' is so inappropriate that it is the best way to describe the resulting film, is something of a 'tight' ...! 10/02.
