I'm amazed at the amount of praise made by other commentators on this movie. For me it was rather a disappointment, especially the combination of historical facts, fantasy and the main character's internal unrest work (in Vonnegut's book Slaughterhouse Five and even in George Roy Hill's adjustment for the screen doing so). Credibility is often persuaded. Too many questions are open. Did I miss some central points? Or have I failed to touch the lines that are supposed to connect the dots? <br /> <br /> A boy named Campbell, Jr. grows up in New York. At his home, his father has many technical papers and one book. It has pictures of lots of dead bodies in it. The boy flipped through the book, his father didn't like him. What should this tell me? The family moves away from New York to Berlin. Bang. It is 1938, the boy is a married man in Berlin and a playwright. What kind of plays does he write? In what language? Is he successful? His wife is an actress and looks more glamorous. The parents move back to the US and invite their son to do the same. He does not. Why? Because he grew up in Germany, did he feel more German than American? Because he is successful? Because his wife is? Because he keeps his life there? Because he loves the Nazis? Because he's just lazy and doesn't like change? Don't ask me. <br /> <br /> Possibly, the man doesn't care, isn't interested in politics, is a kind of existentialist. He declared that he was deeply in love with his wife. He speaks of his Republic of Two (which means he and his wife). There is little or no evidence that proves his love for his wife in the movie. It looks much more like a republic of one. <br /> <br /> At the request of an American agent, Campbell, Jr., anti-Semitic Nazi hatred agrees propaganda to US listeners as a device for sending encrypted messages to US authorities that line up reading. The critical meeting with the agent on a Berlin park bench is short, undecided and anti-climatic. The decision to play together is pretty easy, without explaining. The emergence of the broadcaster seems to be unspeakable and apparently quick. <br /> <br /> So now we have Campbell, Jr., offering himself over the air as the Last Free American. The secret message transfer scheme is pretty realistic and exciting - although one wonders what happened when Campbell, Jr. really and honestly had to cough, gate, etc. (Must have messed up the messages). Anyway, the Nazis lost, the woman died (tour in the Crimea for German troops - I have never heard such tours that really happened to German representations in WW II), Campbell, Jr., Say he goes to the Russian front, but not going, is captured by an American soldier who recognizes his cup (how does that happen?), Is towed to a tourist tour in Auschwitz, then released and relocated with the help of the Crucial Agent somewhere in the city ​​of New York. /> <br /> IT IS WHERE THE STORY STARTS A LOT. <br /> <br /> BANG. From now on, it's like a short story by Paul Auster. It was 1961, Campbell, Jr., living in the New York apartment as a mourning and losing his wife's loss. No one really cares - or do they? Yes, somehow they do, and its neighbors offer a kind of distraction. Auschwitz survivors. A painter. Some American superstars discover him and want him to be their figures. They even find his alleged dead wife for him, or is she his wife? Anyway, in the end, call Callbell, Jr., at the Israeli Consulate, and they give him the Great War Criminal Treatment, and place him in the cell next to Adolf Eichmann. He writes his life story and, once this task is completed, hangs himself on the typewriter's ribbons without touching the least. <br /> <br /> While I can see that there is a problem of debt and loss, I just had the impression that the main character is a person who is at all times careless about everything and scarce love for anyone. found it difficult to sympathize with this loser who mourned his loss. Unfortunately, many judges focus on his status as a possible war hero, and played his reputation at playing the Last Free American. According to them, it takes great courage. In fact, e-film suggests that Campbell, by accepting the assignment, created him a win-win situation, as he would have been politically on the safe side, regardless of who won the war. The danger of being exposed never occurs in the first part of the story. <br /> <br /> One can argue that the whole story is a dreamlike fantasy and that no one with historical accuracy or a logical evolution of the story explains everything. But even then, failing to make a point, mainly, I suspect, because the love relationship in the Republic of the Two falls flat. This is a pity, especially if you think the woman was played by Sheryl Lee, a talented, versatile and sensual actress. She has far too little screen time and is forced to use a ridiculous German accent. Another aspect that has been neglected is the various texts (confession, broadcast and hidden messages), but I think it is largely untouchable. Maybe I should give the book a chance.
