I'll keep the review of this program as short as possible. Skip it. Low budget, not funny, lousy script. Not as bad as writing, but still bad. This is all you need to know, but I will continue to write more than is necessary. <br /> <br /> It's a three-segment movie, each of which is parodying a different kind of movie. A much finer movie with the same exact idea is "Movie Movie", with George C. Scott. Very dark, but worth looking out for. MM 1930s parodied films, done with elegance, accuracy and dry white. <br /> <br /> This movie does not have. It parodies three kinds of movies, probably from the late 70's, early in the 80's, just these are parody films I almost never heard of. The first is, I think, a parody of Kramer Vs. Kramer, in a way. Peter Reigert does his best with a dirty arm writing. The second is a parody, of, I don't know what ... a Danielle Steele novel? I mean, you might see a story like this on Lifetime TV, but in a kiosk? I mean, I remember the 70's, I was there. It's a soap opera-type parody about a viable young woman who is dragging her way to power. These kinds of things usually parody themselves, so I don't see how it even needed. <br /> <br /> We are on a little easier ground with the third segment, "The Municipalists," parody of police films. I noticed elements of "The New Centurians" and a few "Dirty Harry", both of which were nearly 10 years old when the film was created. Yes, beautiful and current. Robby Benson plays the idealistic young newcomer (exaggerated wimpy) while Richard Widmark plays the grizzled veteran man who drinks whiskey while sitting in the police car (OH! Stop! My side! He actually drinks liquor in the police car! Irregular!) The first movie to "Animal House" was to have the "National Lampoon" name attached to it. Wow. To go missing from this classic movie to this pile within five years is nothing short of shocking. I could spend hours on the sad decline that caused one of the latest and original voices in American humor (it would be National Lampoon, the original magazine for about the first 10 years or so) to sell out and start a Long Slowly slipping into a world of crap, where is the magazine now, and it only exists as a brand to hit a low-budget "comedy" movie at a fee. Another reason why capitalism (and cocaine) sucks so badly. <br /> <br /> Anyway, this movie is a serious time to suck. Don't waste your 90 minutes. I want to have me back. On the positive side, Fred Willard is in it!
