If the term itself were not geographically and semantically meaningless, it might be referred to as an "Australian Western" to "Ned Kelly". For the people Down Under, Ned Kelly was apparently a folk hero band such as Robin Hood, Jesse James, Bonnie and Clyde, and Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid. The descendant of Irish immigrants, Kelly, became a refugee and a ban after being falsely accused of shooting an Australian lawyer, a crime for which his equally innocent mother was jailed. To come back to the government for this abuse, Kelly, his brother Dan and two other companions, became notorious bankers and won over the hearts of many in the country while beating justice in a country where Irish immigrants were often. Perhaps because we have experienced this "gentleman bandit" scenario so many times in the past, "Ned Kelly" feels extremely familiar and inexorable as it pays homage to any number of genre's stereotypes and clichés on the way to the inevitable action. Ned is the typical gold quarters that just kill if he is forced and even with the deepest regret. He also has the pulse of the common people, such as returning in the middle of a bank robbery to a valued look at one of the clients, after one of his gangs has so painfully hurt. What movie about this particular subject did not have such a scene? It is such acts of selective generosity, of course, it deserves the love and respect of all the little ones who come secretly to admire anyone who gets away, to give it to the powers it is and to give it the status quo. Geoffrey Rush plays the typical bedeviled law enforcement officer who has a personal interest in picking up this start-up problem that is still getting lost to change the business. There is even the inevitable episode in which one of the ladies being detained goes to the next room and has sex with one of the robbers. So turned on by the romantic apostasy of the criminal lifestyle. And the movie is beaten one after the other with a hackneyed scene. <br /> <br /> Heath Ledger fails to distinguish himself in the title role and offers nothing in the way of content to make his character or interesting. It does not help that he was forced to give a drunken voice story that underlines the sanctity and advocacy of both the character and the film. <br /> <br /> "Ned Kelly" can serve a variety of kinds. As a lesson in Australian history, but as an entertainment, it's just the same old story told with different accents.
