I heard some bad things about Cabin Fever, almost as much as I heard the cult hype. As it turns out, the first film from the new impresario Eli Roth, it's just as much an attempt to drop the IQ points as the film progresses. There are worse movies out there, and certainly more greedy (while I'm not sure how the hype meters got so high on Hostel's blood count, there's a good amount for genre fans here). The prospect is not necessarily bad either: kids go to a cabin for a week of partying, just to get a very sick man covered in blood, panicking. He dies in the water feeding the reservoir, and soon the characters somehow lead to the meat-eating virus. The characters, either the main college kids (including Rider Strong as the hero and James DiBello as the goofy side bar) or the supporting "town" people are archetypes to the inertia, if not painful. <br /> <br /> As they meet their fortunes, the townspeople are becoming quite strange, and it doesn't seem to be prudent to laugh without much laughter; 'Pancake child' comes out of nowhere, and maybe it is nicer in another movie or in itself, but in the context of the rest of the movie it just doesn't work. There is also a young police character who is even thicker and less convincing than the other. And the family following an incident after DiBello has some unrealized possibilities. But all the time, Roth pumps his scripts with common sense out of the window and sudden fright and fear with people hooking up on each other and a murderer wandering around. No matter what. Now, unlike fewer Troma horror movies or even minors of the 70's or 80's, after which I'm sure Roth is a hard fan, he doesn't make it unshakable. It's also smart not to explain how the virus comes from. <br /> <br /> But unlike the movies, he doesn't really have a good idea of ​​what makes big champion horror times. Of course, his film tries it out and once or twice he makes it a dull, bloody time (I saw Sterk as the random rabbit standing on the gurney). It's not even shot very badly (though with its own confrontational style choices, a red tint on the lens or the story with the bowler). It simply contains many illogical scenarios and choices that have been made (shaving your legs with a deadly virus, oh-huh), and it is intended to be fairly typical soil. If it's your cup of tea, get more power for you. But in the end, I found that it was actually an extraordinary genre area that didn't obstruct audience obedience, but didn't swing the fence, even as a clever B-movie. Roth also has the honesty to end the movie on a true note of 'what-the-hell' as Santa Claus's bearded warehouse clerk earlier served in the movie a lot of black people. It can work if he succeeds with something better, or if he has dropped it completely. The same can be said for many of the movie. C-
