The starting point of Cabin Fever begins as it has the power to offer something. A group of college teenagers following the finals (in the autumn) go to a resort cabin in the forest where one by one they are attacked by an invisible carnivorous virus. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the first paragraph is where any remote elements of movie quality stop. Cabin Fever is not much more than college kids looking for sex, drinking, not talking, and seeing how many F-bombs they can get in 1:40 minutes or how long this mess is. <br /> <br /> The children act and respond dumb to everything around them. For example, one of them discovered that the skin virus had infected her legs. What is she doing then? She shaved her legs to not give proper medical attention to her wounds. The scene is a little more than a gross one. In another scene, Rider Strong of "Boy Meets World" is bitten by a child who just says "pancakes" and likes to kick karate on those sitting next to him. If you had the reason why the "Pancake" child could be included, I'd like to know. Anyway, pets rider a wild dog and go down to wash his handbag in a probably infected lobster. Another child likes to drop F-bombs to respond to everything around him and to shoot squirrels. Why? Your guess is as good as me! <br /> <br /> Rider Strong is the only child with any recognition in this movie. He tries to calm people between screaming and screaming and F *** Y **! bombs that move people around. When the children do not shout, they talk about sex or do not talk to the other adult characters who are even more (if possible) idiot than the kids! The idiot cop with an IQ of 60 at its best can be one of the WORST work I have ever seen in a movie. You're talking about people who don't play with a cover, this dork doesn't even know how to find the cards! LOL! I was like, "Would you please shut up?" He makes the child actors look like brilliant! The only part I liked was Rider's terrifying story (though gory) about the forbidden building line team. In interviews, Rider said he had great respect for director Eli Roth. But the problem is that Mr. Roth seems to be more than just shock and gore. There are too many bad things about this movie for Mr. Roth to get any credit. I wish I could go with Rider and find something nice about this movie. Perhaps the autumn painting is in the beginning? Actually, Rider Strong, save this movie only as a 1! Hopefully he is compensated for this litter!
