I don't really know if Cabin Fever is supposed to be a joke or movie. But as far as it is known, it is much closer to a joke than anything else. A few years ago, the horror film community decided to take a new step and enjoy the genre, giving the Scream series. A list is given in Scream, of all the silly stuff that horror movie characters will do that is predictable, and the characters in Scream end up exactly the same thing, which added a lot of humor and irony to this analysis of the genre, and led to hope that horror movies will be a little different from now on, either ironic towards the genre, self-harm to the movie itself, or at least different in their dramatic process than all the "old" movies that are the same tired criteria. Seeing 'Cabin Fever' will see how insurmountable, serious, pretentious, boring and even scary some so-called "scary" movies are now, even a few years later. First, this film lacks originality in a way that few others do. It has been said several times, how few imaginative directors have today, remake of strange successors, but to place the film in a cabin in the woods does not seem to be a "homage", and it seems, simple, a ripoff. Who wants to be surprised by other factors of the film's story will not be: again it is about a movie whose characters are in the early twenties, which will not think rationally when they face a problem. for hours and fights than thinking and doing something. There is not much excitement either. For the umpteenth time in a horror movie, they are tempted to kiss, love and just basically have fun, all sorts of things that don't really make them different from any other horror movie victims that have been seen before. Secondly, this film is unthinkable serious. Every situation in which the characters are in, every dialogue, every situation in the movie is treated with such a seriousness that any viewer with a little sense of weathering will be relieved when some characters eventually die. Nothing in the way the film is directed, written or performed shows any sign of humor or sarcasm. It's quite surprising as the film is about an invisible-never-heard-of-flesh-eating virus (no laughter). I won't even set up the play, since there are no actors in this movie. The role players were definitely hired to be friends or neighbors with the director. Thirdly, it will hit those who have seen a "good" horror movie before, the script is absolutely empty. Nothing really happens, some actions are repeated a few times ("try to help us!"), Do nothing, not even in the facts, the psychology of the characters, or even the hilarious low last order of the film, which is probably supposed to be funny according to the director and writers. Eventually, I will just notice that a horror movie is supposed to have something scary about it. Gallons of fake blood, whether thrown up, split limbs or just dripping from wounds, were never enough to frighten an audience. Such important features as script, ideas, and even cruelty are being demanded for anyone claiming to have been terrifyingly shot. If I didn't consider being a total failure, I would agree that the movie has one talent: it is disgusting to watch. Still, I was wiped out and scared, two very different feelings, let it be known. <br /> <br /> I'd like to encourage someone curious or interested to watch this movie to watch older big horror movies first, why not from the 60s, 70s, 80s, movies by Wes Craven, Dario Argento, Sam Raimi, Stanley Kubrick, David Lynch, Roger Corman, William Lustig, John Carpenter, ... not just a good definition of what is scary or self-confusing, but also convinces viewers that "new" is not necessarily "better" is not. A good example of the movie is the few tracks composer Angelo Badalamenti provided for this film, even though they are unmistakably close to his previous compositions, they are among all he has ever done.
