Anyone who has read my review for Your Boll's "Alone In The Dark" will remember comparing the trivial task of putting that piece of human waste to pulling out every hair on your arm. Well, take the analogy a step further with this irreparable gutter waste and try to imagine the pain of withdrawing your teeth without Novacaine. Do this and you'll have a general idea of ​​what Eli Roth's "Cabin Fever" is about. <br /> <br /> I never believed that any one movie was able to cover the sheer scary beverage that your Boll crank was the "worst movie ever made." But, in all honesty, I have to say "Cabin Fever" comes very close. This is another sad excuse for a movie that has absolutely no valid reason to meet any form of theater release. For someone who claims to love the horror genre as much as Eli Roth does, he created the most boring and complicated patchwork of a movie I've ever seen in my life. How do you screw up such a story? Think of the potential this plot would have had without the poorly written characters, without the bad writing, and without all the unnecessary and unpredictable comedy. A movie dealing with a grotesque meat-eating virus could and should have been so much better than Roth's exhausted here for us. This writing has failed me with so many levels. And while I have no doubt about the striking talent that this director owns, I know that he has spent a great deal of time on an idea that could well redefine the horror genre. <br /> <br /> To say it was a missed opportunity production would indeed be a brutal game. A large amount of blood and disruptive special effects cannot even save it, and this is one element I normally go for. There was really nothing about "Cabin Fever" that I could easily recommend to anyone. If three quarters of the crowd walk halfway through the theater, you know the movie is sinking fast. My best advice to those who read it is to rent only before buying. One view was more than enough for me to know that I would probably never bother again.
