Those of you who, like me, were disappointed with the original 1995 horror, "The Fear," would be more to be disappointed in this foolish little persecution. It follows a similar plot, but it is impossible to connect to the original, except for the presence of Morty, the mannequin sample of wood. Here's a brief overview. <br /> <br /> Twenty years after Mike Hawthorne (Gordon Currie, in a decent show) testified that his father was brutally killing his mother and then taking his own life, Mike still has that fear of that day. In the hope of eradicating his fear, Mike takes his girlfriend and a lot of friends to his grandparents' home. His plan is that everyone in costumes representing their fears should dress and then present the fears to the mannequin Morty. According to an Indian friend, this process is supposed to take away your fear magically. What Mike doesn't know is that Morty is in possession of his father's spirit and starts killing the friends ... or is it really Mike himself doing the murders? Who cares? <br /> <br /> Some problems with this movie. The first is at Morty. I thought the original made Morty look pretty convincing. This time it is painfully obvious. Morty is a man (actor Jon Fedele) in a fake suit. This can be seen especially in early scenes, where Morty still has to be lifeless, but if you look now, you can see him cut. Another problem is that most characters don't try hard enough. Some of them do Betsy Palmer on Friday the 13th, which was excellent in this movie. But most of them don't bother or are given the chance. Finally, there is the murder. The opening scenes involved in ax killings were very convincing. Actually, when I saw them, I thought I was in for a good movie. When the second half of the movie arrives, and the killings really start, everything falls in pieces. Death is either uncreative, unseen, or provided (glasses from the next scene if Currie has a blackout). One character eventually dies and no one, including the viewer, even notices. Although more characterization was needed in the early half, it wasn't bad. The second half was. I think the new director Chris Angel came to this point and didn't really know how to shoot the violent scenes, so they actually became messy and pedestrians. A deaf end doesn't help either. So, unless you really loved the original and enjoy picking splinters under your skin, you probably have to overshoot "The Fear 2: Halloween Night". Zanatos score: 4 out of 10.
