Attack Force has a terrible title, and can almost certainly be judged by this terrible cover, because the movie is horrible! A mish-mash of plot lines, a messy mess, and a terribly stagnant fit, make the movie hard to look beginning to end. I did it and I'm proud. As a fan of Seagal's work (mostly of his old days), it is painful to see him in such tries. True Seagal's last half-twelve movies or so, sucked much, but some of them have at least some redeeming features. Attack Force is a mess. From concept to delivery, this film has undergone many changes, from an alien plot line to the current one over a highly addictive super-drug released on Romanian. The movie has several institutions, of which no Romanian is, but everyone looks like Romania because they are in Romania!) Population. The film is thrown together with little regard for what condition the original shooting was. Plot holes and loose points end up in the movie that is certain. It was also a problem in Seagal's last few films, but never sowed the result. There is a whole plot line about the water supply that is poisoned with CTX (that's the drug-cool name) that is never solved! <br /> <br /> Of course, in recent years the plot was not the mainstay in the Seagal cannon, so there was a huge onus on the other departments, especially the action. However, before I consider the action, all the other departments are poor. The direction is poor, or perhaps better, made to look poor. Who knows how director Michael Keusch originally meant this movie? Between the completion of his work, the re-shoots by stuntman Tom Delmar, and the editing, a coherent author's vision, are completely lost. The best way to describe the movie is that it's just across the store! The cinematography is boring, and this leads to sleep, while the drone score (sounds like it is produced at the cheapest of cheap synthesizers) does nothing. The saucepan is also poor and cannot save anything here. Seagal looks bored beyond recognition, and is mentioned by much of the picture, clearly when plot points are changed. He looks tired and overweight, and funny, unlike what he had seen in previous pictures (remarkable as mentioned above, are major complaints in Seagal's recent photos). The only redeemable cast is Adam Croasdell as one of the villains, who does a smart Brit routine. He seems to be a setback to the alien plot line, because he is playing inhuman. He looks like a cross between a snatcher and a vampire (this is the foremost villain played by some hot chicks that sometimes appear, and apparently waiting for her husband Dracula). Lastly, the action. Well, it's poor. Poorly pregnant, poorly shot. There is not much, and there is even less Seagal. Stevo does not bring the stunt double here because there is so little to do. There is even a long (repetitive and boring) action scene at the hour that occasionally takes the cut off with some flashes of Seagal's view, as Seagal was clearly not there while the scene was shot and they wanted him in the action scene. Seagal eventually appears in person to shoot two guys in the head. Seagal has a producer credit here and a manuscript, but from what I understand, the movie is changing behind its back to the current state of it. Seagal will not work with these people again, or with Castel Studios that continue to deliver. horrifically sub-Nu-Image (which says something), material. <br /> <br /> Overall, it's one to avoid if you're not a Seagal fan. Seagal fans can also be safe knowing that the big man probably doesn't want to do something like that again. Unfortunately, his next film already shot with the same people promises to be even worse than that. *
