I rented it because I was a little tired of the 80-year-old NBC programming and I saved a lot of money. I have nothing against any of the actors and for their credit they do a good job, but this view is flawed from the premise. <br /> <br /> We have an unlikely character. He's full of mistakes, not relieved, and a full-blown day out. Yet the reason why someone just needs to care is not there. While creating an American sitcom centered around a full-featured bullheaded jackass is revolutionary and full of potential, it's not just being met in this show here. Most of the supporting characters are not fully fleshed characters, but rather sad punching bags that want empathy from the audience for punching bags. As in any sitcom, they are the ones most commonly made for the audience to make relationships. In doing so, they deny the main character to such an extent that we see that Bittinger is himself and harms people and they stay there because .... why? There is no reason. Any ordinary people would simply have left the abuse. To keep them there for no real reason - even the incredible one given by Joanna Cassidy in the particular 2-part abortion episode that has major problems - is where the show just falls apart. To simply believe that people come up with this man because we are told he has a heart of gold, does not relate to the reality of the situation. If it's something, it's not even dramatic. It is a poorly-planned, pregnant and carried out point that had a few moments, but overall with the fate it deserved. Someone had trouble going out and making a very good idea, but the performance is so random that it just looks like a strange written version of the Jerry Springer show where someone is being abused by this tyrant, for which we assume is to root because we are told. A show like this requires a smart touch that the actors could have easily provided here, but somehow cannot. And this is a fatal mistake that really killed the program. <br /> <br /> Get it a show in its infancy. Regardless, the show is worth a watch. But it really screwed when we tried to aim for the stars, and didn't make the whole business what it could have been.
