Dark floors have been the most expensive film in Finnish history to date. A horror movie featuring an extremely Lynchian story that tells an ever-expanding series of "floors" (ironically) in an abandoned hospital in which our protagonists are trapped. Lead by an autistic daughter and her father, herself disillusioned with the hospitals, apparently lacking medical progress with his daughter, make their way into an elevator that discusses the issue with one of the hospital nurses. Guided by a security guard, a businessman and a seemingly stunned bump, the collective soon finds the complex abandoned, but they are not alone. Passed by Finnish-born Pete Riski, more famous for his television work, "Dark Floors" is filmed in English, with mainly English actors, but the notable inclusion of Finland's probably best-known group Lordi (2006 Eurovision Song Contest Winners) as themselves, in their samples on stage, like the movies counteract, but for all these razzmatazz the production fails where it is most needed to convince the audience. <br /> <br /> Any movie that uses their main character The phrase "it's too quiet" has already come across a dubious path, and this Lord has influenced abomination, doesn't break the convention. For all the good ideas thrown into the mix, there is a handful of ripe cliches next to it and worst of all. Everything that is interesting is not enough to resonate. The concept of the humiliating floors is initially very ominous and offers a sense of inevitable punishment, as the audience is aware of those trapped in the hospital, who have to progress further in the ant. However, there is not enough atmosphere created to frighten and intimidate audiences in the unconscious fear. The viewer is aware that the journey will become increasingly dangerous as the levels of shiny white to bright black degenerate, but I don't think the characters are sufficiently aware that it is threatening. Also, the entire film that is actually in its own time bubble is a very nice touch, a concept that is not often used in the horror genre, but the characters do not confront the situation with enough fear and tension when they do not stumble This fact, they go too much about their business and without enough real concern about the idea of ​​something to mean to the audience. These initial good ideas are just left to waste, as if the director and / or Lordi (who used many of the ideas in the film) had these thoughts, but couldn't agree or decide how to use it best. and as such lose their purpose and point. <br /> <br /> But for all the frustration there are huge amounts of comedy, but not for the reasons the creators would have hoped for. Too much is clichéd, too much is recycled and too much is simply ridiculous. While the chapter is graciously performed by Noah Huntley, the characters are just cardboard cuttings that have been pasted into other stories in the story. We have a chief who does everything possible to protect his daughter with a lot of developed love interests. With the "couple" we have the traditional token black man as a stubborn security guard, close to the infinite clip for his sidearm, and a desperate unbeliever is just looking out for himself. Worst of all, unfortunately, is the introduction of the cast of Lordi as the creatures of the night who worry our wandering band of misfits, but not for those who look like themselves. Making the horror of a horror movie, the fear is contextualized. "The Shining" is frightening because it's a member of your own family that scares you. In the "Dawn Of The Dead" it is our fear of each other and the ancient cannibalism and irrational thought patterns possessed by the zombies. In "Alien" the fear is explained. , the creature is rationalized and in "Dark floors" there is nothing of it. Perhaps it is unfair to compare this production with these monoliths of the genre, but when you do this, it shows that it is very important and that it feels aggressors as nothing but demented Klingons where you can almost see the zipper on the costumes what they wear, without any build up of any atmosphere "Lordi" is just not frightening. <br /> <br /> It's a shame because we're all upset by the suspicion and hope they are doing well, because the smaller productions say they have the same quality of movie as "Hollywood" churns, much like what George A Romero started, but it doesn't always come. I enjoyed the movie and didn't feel like I wasted the ninety minutes I just sat down, but I felt pleasure on a totally hollow level as if nothing had happened, unconsciously, emotionally or critically influenced me . I felt that the almost Lynchian story was a striking plus, but it disappeared in nothing. Why did this happen? What does it mean? Will they pass it again? Without even the slightest insight into what will happen, the movie is simply a mystery for trying out arty. Was the whole series of events real or was it just a dream sequence? If the autistic girl watched the 2006 Eurovision Song Contest and only had a very bizarre nightmare, the tension she was under? Who knows? And unfortunately I fail to look after the energy to even care. "Dark floors" is a fiery experience, ultimately providing shallow features and at least an abundance of creative energies from Mr. Lordi shows that might have to look at working solo to fully develop his ideas. This is one that the group or genre supporters may need to pursue, but will make you feel abandoned because they don't have enough light on the situation.
