Well, on the credit side (if that can be said), Timothy Hines managed to make the original establishment of H.G. Capture Wells' outstanding novella. But other than that - well, to call a spade a spade - it sucks bigtime. What Master Ed Wood could have done with the alleged $ 20 million budget! Timothy Hines really does. Wood, who was a defective genius anyway, looks like the best filmmaker of all time. The special effects (I think you call them this) are not even on computer game standards. The acting is, perhaps, comparable to the theater, and the accents are horrible. Against the danger of sounding offensive, much of the acting is of the main male characters (especially Poor Ogilvy), well, ahem ,. . . GAY! Poor Ogilvy minces and flounces over the fake English countryside, waving his asbestos white handkerchief as if it were heat-resistant armor. Hey, the Stormtroopers in "Star Wars" also have a neat white body armor, and it didn't work either, they still blew. Even when Ogilvy and Company are roasted by the Martians 'Heat Ray' (?), They flutter them into a strange kind of dance, even if they are theoretically dead and reduced to skeletons, which continue with inexorable dance and writhing. Perhaps Timothy Hines hired Ray Harryhausen's skeletons, which remained from "Jason And The Argonauts". Or was it Josie And The Pussycats? I do not know. The soldiers, presumably because they are "military," seem to be inexorably exploding, like the soldier on crutches and his unfortunate comrades carrying the wearer just above him. Wow! I love it! But the "soldiers" all seemed to be either fascist troops from the Spanish Civil War or Boer Commandos (which would be more or less correct for the period. Perhaps it was a little sharp subtlety on the part of the evil genius Hines?) . Strangely enough, the character of the Curate looks exactly like he was drawn in the original Warwick Goble illustrations, and he also becomes the most convincing work of acting. Oh yes. Don't forget the THUNDER CHILD. The book describes the warship as an iron-laden torpedo ram. It was the intention to RAM enemy ships. Yet, the bow is crumbled after the Tinker-Toy-built Martian War Machines are trapped with a small, chopped hole in the forehead and she sank. An ironing cruiser like THUNDERCHILD could have injured and survived the TITANIES, but I think the Royal Navy was bound by the same lowest bidder restrictions as our own Military. The costumes are wrong, especially the British army and police uniforms, mostly thrown together from USMC Alphas. And Timbo, in a clear tribute to the Western Films of Yore, has, of course, established his movie in Wild West England, because all his riders use Western Hall. The accent used at almost everyone looks like a mix of a kind of Scottish regional accent used by Clan Macabre, and magical Irish accents from County Malarky. On the credit side, and unlike what one reviewer wrote, the only real, authentic feature of this thing is the artillery. The guns do not come from the Civil War, but for my eye and research seem like bona fide British nine or 12 pioneer Rifled Breach Loaders, perfectly authentic for the period. So the ammunition shown was used. But the Artillery man, who is a driver in the horse artillery, was not shown correctly to manage his limber. You don't sit on the frigging limber box and drive a gun team, you drive the nearby wheel horses. The opening, using what I believe is authentic movie films, is good, and the score is not bad. But to the best of my knowledge, Weybridge has never had an underground, and it certainly did not happen in 1898. <br /> <br /> But to read this novel, I'm very disappointed. Even more disappointed, I was at Spielberg's million dollar special stock-loaded version. Perhaps his version would benefit from Anthony Piana for Tom Cruise, and vice versa. I have much more to say, but I will let it go for the first time: I wish someone would make a GOOD version of "World War" which is true to the original. Timmy's vision is fine for a high school movie class, or maybe I should be pretentious to a college-level film student, and so bad, it's about the best I can say for this thing, but it's about it. Oh yes. Just where did the budget go? And what happened to Michael Caine? I'd like to hear his comments! I suspect Timbo "Orson Wood" Hines' breathtaking, groundbreaking film masterpiece could be the ticket for the criminal director of the cult, because I have to confess a guilty pleasure to watch this movie, which I do not. but was sent thoroughly to me by a friend who burned a DVD copy for me, with no malicious intent I could determine. I must add here that I thought Blackmoon's baptized and abbreviated version was not only a great improvement but an absolute, hysterically funny (in a good way) to look at. I find it difficult to watch Master Timbo's version to Blackmoon. Stop it, Tim! Make your own version of "DUNE" now. It's just waiting for a master like you! And everything you do on the head, snobs what Cloverfield hated? FORGET THIS. It can't be TIMBO HINES ARTISTRY FOR SHEER HILARIOUS AWFULNESS! HEY IS A LIFE! TIMBO IS WORSE AS THE MASTER ED WOOD! I do not know you!
