Lordi was a great hype and revelation in 2007 because they won the Eurovision Song Contest with a (non-heavy) metal song called "Hard Rock Hallelujah" and appeared on stage as cute monsters. But, let's face it, their victory probably has very little to do with their great musical talents. Over the years, the Eurovision game has gradually changed into one big political circus and Lordi has probably just won because their song has finally changed a bit and ?? More importantly - because their whole act has driven the whole annual event so ingeniously. The absolute last thing that Lordi's first (and hopefully last) horror movie brings is change and ingenuity. "Dark Floors", based on an idea of ​​the lead singer and the film of the rest of the group in supporting roles, is a truly unpleasant and hopeless accumulation of clichés. The enormous budget ("Dark Floors" is probably the most expensive Finnish film ever) certainly ensures great macabre pieces and impressive make-up art, but what is the point where there is no story worth telling? The film is in a busy hospital where a lot of people, including a father and his young daughter with an unidentifiable disease, are trapped in the elevator during the power failure. When the doors open again, the floors are empty and the hospital has been abandoned for many years. To reach the exit, the group stumbles upon various morbid and inexplicable obstacles, such as eyeless bodies, screaming ghosts and heavy metal samples coming from the floors. The only three points I give to "Dark Floors" are exclusively for the scenery and the buildup of tension in the first half of the film. As long as the sinister events do not require an explanation, the atmosphere is rather creepy, but once you realize that the explanation a) will be very stupid or b) never come, the healthy falls just like an unstable home of cards . Lordi's costumes were never terrifying (except perhaps with traditional Eurovision fans) and, in combination with a story that reflects more of Asian ghostlyness, they just seem pathetic and misfit. With all the national myths and truly unique outdoor filming stations, I personally always assume Finland ?? The Land of a Thousand Lakes? would be the ideal breeding ground for possible horrible horror stories, but I think this is another disillusionment on my account.
