I lost only three hours of my life to this travesty and I can honestly say that I have violated it. I read the reviews and heard the warnings, and I thought I was prepared for anything. I thought, a faithful (as wrong) attempt at an original adjustment; At worst, a bad-bad plan 9 for the new millennium. When I got a copy in Walmart in Walmart and brought it back to Britain, I joked at my friends. "Prepare for the worst movie ever made!" Oh, cruel Karma. There is absolutely nothing to recommend this movie. The "special" effects look like the work of a first-year design student using a Spectrum ZX81. The acting is terrible, the accent is TRUE or awful (one artillery's emphasis lies on a tour of the British Isles, from Scotland to Wales via Northern Ireland), the dialogue is silent, the editing is not there , the production values ​​prove that no cost went out. Words can't really describe how bad this movie is; From the Union Flag flying from the terrible CGI'd Thunderchild (the Royal Navy flying the White Ensign, NOT the Union Flag) to the woodworm ridden acting, it's just a crime against film. For example, if you consider the literally-zero-budget movie films available on the 'net (the Star Wars short-troops'), the whole argument of our enthusiastic amateurs goes straight out of the window. And if you have an interview with Hines on the Pendragon website, this movie has an 8-digit budget! I can only assume that dodgy facial hair doesn't come cheap in the US. Perhaps the problem is that Hines & Co tried to make a movie of the book rather than making the book into a movie (if it makes sense). Characters and extras are spoken in a word-like manner without conveying the feelings behind the words. Ironically, the only person who even came close to giving a decent performance was Darlene Sellers, the ex-soft portactris. My advice? Pray like Crazy that Jeff Wayne won't screw and look at the Spielberg version. It may not be the text of the book, but I can say it; As a lifelong HG Wells fan (and also Englishman) Speilberg's film is true to the Spirit of the book. Perhaps the customs were wrong for me to carry this monster in the country, but I'll say it: Timothy Hines stole three hours of my life and I want them again.
