One of the weaker Carry On adventures is Sid James as the head of a crime gang stealing contraceptive pill. The fourth of the series to be hospital-based is probably the least of the genre. There is a strange flat feel throughout, with everything apparently disappearing into sub-material. It's far from the late 70s, but Williams, James, Bresslaw, Maynard et al. all class performers have not yet been given the background of a script equal to their ability. <br /> <br /> Most of the gags are running, rather than episodically like Carry. So, instead of the traditional hit-and-miss relationship, if you don't get the joke in the first place, you'll find most of the movie. These ongoing plot strings include Williams ?? for no good reason? worried about changing sex, and dragging Kenneth Cope in. As the trainee falls physically, the whole thing feels more confronted than in other movies, and lacks interest. Continuing on this theme, Matron sacks the usual pun and innuendo format, which mainly selects for characterization and follows to provide the humor. In fact, the somewhat bland series of misunderstandings and forced circumstances still remind one of Terry and June ... so it is appropriate that Terry Scott be present throughout the crossbar. <br /> <br /> Some dialogue exchanges have a bit of old magic, like that between Scott and Cope: "What about a little drink?" "Oh, no, no, I never touch it." "Oh, Cigarette?" "No, I never touch them." "It just leaves one thing to offer you." "I don't touch it either." It says, while a funny man in his own right (delivering the dull episodes of Randall and Hopkirk (deceased) has no end, you feel that Cope is not entirely in the self-parody of Carry On idealology and that Bernard Bresslaw dressed as A nurse would be a lot louder, it actually happens in part, but only for the last fifteen minutes. <br /> <br /> Williams is trying to seduce Hattie Jacques while Charles Hawtrey is hiding in a cupboard is a pure lower-chamber farce But it doesn't have the irony to carry it down. It is said, Williams's description of premarital relationships is priceless: "You're not just shopping and buying enough for the whole room, you're tearing yourself off little strip and try it first! "" It may be so, "Jacques says," but you won't bump me into a wall. "Williams really comes alive with Hattie on his screens and you can never get bored be a can hear when someone accidentally flickers their knickers. <br /> <br /> Carry On Matron is not a bad movie at all. a crushing bog standard one.
