I have this movie version of R.D. Blackmore's classic novel as a replacement watched until the 2001 A&E version was released on video. And what a bad substitution it proved! <br /> <br /> This version does not have the authentic, I-like-I-there aspect of the A&E movie. The actors are mostly wood (with the exception of Sean Bean) and the "romance" looks forced and confronted. In fact, there is no kiss until the end of the movie !!!! The triangle between John Ridd, Lorna Doone (or Lady Lorna Dugal, whatever you choose) and the evil Carver Doone is not mentioned or expanded. We don't get much insight into Carver here, or why he has some romantic feelings for Lorna. This movie features many of the most important and interesting characters of the novel, such as Doone's advisor, and John's sharpest youngest sister, Lizzie, who was essential to the plot. The show itself is lacking in belief. The political plot does not appear in the text either. The way Lorna originated with the Doones is not true to the original story. Now, don't misunderstand me, Clive Owen is a handsome and talented actor (see Gosford Park and King Arthur for confirmation), but he is quite completely vigorous and sturdy, and long hair (that might be a bad wig). don't mind him !!!! Polly Walker is a beautiful and competent actress (see Enchanted April and Patriot Games, which she also cost with Sean Bean), but she looks colorless and slim. She had a cold sore on her lip that the makeup couldn't hide, and the costumes didn't really look like it. Last Robert Stephens does a fair turn as Sir Ensor Doone, though he only refers to Lorna as his favorite, rather than his granddaughter, which she allegedly was in the book. Also, it seems to me that Owen and Walker are too old for their roles (maybe it's the make-up) and the scenery is brown, cold, gray and pale, without so much hint of a sunny sky. I understand it's in South West England, but it's green there and they get their sunshine !!! The portrayal of Tom Faggus' character and his "death", which does not happen in the novel, push the film even more. The one positive note is Sean Bean's performance as Carver. Although it's not even close to Aidan Gillen's portrayal in the A&E movie, Bean makes a mean villain. In short, just watch if you have a few hours to kill, but don't expect something exciting or true to the novel. See any other version (but I strongly recommend A & E's movie) for this tired adjustment.
