Granted, I don't have high expectations of "Corky Romano." But then again, who did this? However, I felt it deserved the benefit of the doubt. I also don't have a high expectation of "Joe Dirt" - another recent comedy featuring an SNL player. Eventually I was pleasantly surprised. But this movie is just as bad as it looks in the preview. Chris Kattan is actually a talented comic actor - unlike what you might think of the movie - with great energy. He is in very hilarious SNL skits, and I think he is now one of the most talented members on SNL. In this case he gets a lame, pointless writing and he tries to fix every scene with his incessant attack. During each scene he tries to fail a lame Jerry Lewis act and fail. Jerry Lewis knew how to pull off this kind of physical comedy, not to mention he worked with much better writing. Kattan looks like an ignorant fool with ADHD who had one too many Cafe Lattes. He doesn't even wait for the punchline; He assumes we'll all laugh when he starts jumping like a monkey on crack. In one scene he ends up with a dog who has a packet of cocaine in his mouth. The package exploded and the cocaine splashed over him. He comes back to work, pushed out on coke. Now, how do we laugh at the fact that he is acting hyper and on the edge when he does the same thing throughout the film? <br /> <br /> As for the rest of the players ... Vanessa Shaw is very hot, Peter Berg is wasted in an ungrateful role and so is Chris Penn. Peter Falk is also wasted, although he has some funny lines, he is pretty sure he has improvised. I hope Falk one day gets a decent movie. It's too much talent to waste on a clunker like "Corky Romano." I didn't love Falk's last movie, "Made", but at least he had a decent role. <br /> <br /> I visited a few times, but I couldn't get a single laugh. Each gag is run without any timing or delivery. And it is made worse by Kattan's hammy acting. And there are some stricter gags. For example, when Kattan flees into his two brothers' faces. He stands there for 2 or 3 minutes, trying to get a fart and when he eventually does, it's a little small. It's bad enough if you have a gag, it's funny and pulls it out, but if you have a lame gag, and you're dragging it out, it's a lot worse. And another example is when he tries to translate what the two Asian men say during a drug breast. I can go on about what is wrong with this so-called comedy, but I'm not going to waste my time. As I said earlier, if you predicted bad things from the trailers, you predicted right. <br /> <br /> My Score: 3 (out of 10)
