Why is this movie so bad? Well, if it's so stupid, annoying and unfunny is a reason, then this movie is it. The character of Corky Romano is unlikely to be best and straightforward. The gags are predictable, but it doesn't hurt. They are the lame kind of predictable jokes that your unfriendly friend would say. <br /> <br /> Corky Romano is talking about a moderate vet who is trying to do justice, but is so clumsy. His quiet life is thrown into a loop when the family who once disregarded him needed him to infiltrate the FBI to destroy any trace of the family's crime history. However, this is not so easy for Corky, because the FBI believes in being a super-agent and is committed to spying on his own family. Mishaps and mayhem occur, but it doesn't really feel like a comic whore. Corky falls in love with his beautiful FBI partner and needs to fix the record directly with both the FBI and his family if he goes to sleep again. <br /> <br /> I think what this movie does. Annoying is both the main actor and the alleged jokes. Chris Kattan unveils his disturbing limitations and actors here, as his one-note slapstick routine falls into the film for about 10 minutes. It is good to have a complete film that is exclusively dumb, sleeping stick humor. Will Ferrel, Kattan's SNL partner, made a full career out of it. The only difference between Kattan and Ferrel is that Ferrel knows when to put it down and rely on other ways to tell a joke. There is absolutely no diversity in Kattan's routine. It is difficult to hear the same joke twice, but for a whole movie that is just pure torture. <br /> <br /> The other problem with the movie was the lack of truly original and FUNNY jokes. The gay mafia brother, the awkward crook, and many other forgetful jokes don't look as funny as the first time you barely laughed. The screenwriters seem to have had more of a fun time writing it than it watched. Even with a cast that has a comedic talent (Chris Penn, Peter Falk), the jokes that start are tired. There is also no chemistry. This film was, of course, one for the booklets for the actors. No body seemed to care, or even tried. Sad thing is, no body told Chris Kattan.
