Although I heard that "Cama de Gato" was the worst Brazilian movie of the decade, I looked to give it a chance; Firstly, first director / producer / writer Alexandre Stockler managed to make his debut (shot in video) for just US $ 4,000 and - although it looks even cheaper - I can't start thinking what he has gone through no. In the end, letting it show up in theaters with no big sponsors or production companies behind it (when I looked at it, I realized it). But the chances you can give to Cama de Gato are shrinking to zero within 10 minutes: it's an incredibly horrible, verbose, ideologically fanatical and technically catastrophic attempt to portray Brazil's higher middle-class youth as a bunch of spoiled neo-Nazis commit adultery to bad sex, drugs and violence (and they are also chosen to look like gays), which are not visible in talent, imagination, expertise or structure. Visually and aurally, it reminds you of the worst amateur games you can find on YouTube - just here it takes ninety TWO (counting) minutes of inexorable hysteria and clumsiness, and it's not even funny-bad. <br /> <br /> We've all seen the story before: boring young guys want to have fun, celebrate, take drugs and everything goes wrong - there is gang rape, spanking, murder, accidental death (falling down the stairs! !) from the mother of one of the boys, leading to the boys who decide to burn the girl's body and the mother in a garbage dump. Moral and literal garbage get it? The movie is heavily influenced by Larry Clark (especially "Kids" and "Bully"), but Clark's films - although moral and sex pianists - are high-class masterpieces compared to this crap. <br /> <br /> I don't think there was ever such a monomaniacal drive in a movie maker to stick his ideas into the audience's throat: Stockler grabs us through the collar and tries his non-stop moralistic ripple in our brain by forcing repetition and exhaustion numb with so much rippling, screaming, dishonest direction, shaky camera and horrible acting. Stockler doesn't mind a little about technique (the quality of the images, frames, sound recording, soundtrack songs, dialogue, sets, editing, etc. is equally scary), but he is a narcissistic control freak: he expects the criticism he has bound to get by adding captions with smartie / cutie comments, and by allowing the protagonists to comment at one stage on how far-fetched and fake it is (I can relate to it). <br /> <br /> In spite of its megalomanic ambitions, Stockler does not seem able to give us a minimum of visual or narrative structure - he cannot even decide whether he wants him to be avid realism (hand-held video camera) etc.) or want styling (repetition of scenes, use of alternative tasks, etc.). Damn, he can't even decide WHERE to put his camera (there is use of subjective camera for the THREE leads)! The dialogue contains some of the most stupefyingly banal verbosity ever; the plot just exists to justify the director's deep hatred for his characters and what they stand for. All you see is a filmmaker who is hateful, preaching, judgmental and moralizing without the benefit of a minimum of talent (or technique) to go with it. <br /> <br /> It is very disappointing to find Caio Blat in this mess. Certainly one of the most promising young film actors in Brazil, with its sleepy puppy dog ​​and emotional edge that reminds Mineo's, Blat can be highly effective under good direction (as in Carandiru, Lavoura Arcaica, Proibido Proibir). to go over the top and he has to play in some of the most embarrassing under-acted "actors" in recent memory, and he also enters the risky realm of graphic sex exploitation scenes (so divinely they look like webcam problems). > <br /> The film opens and ends with real interviews with "typical" middle class youths - Stockler wants us to take the interviews as "proof" of what he is trying to preach in fiction. experiences with pleasure and a highlight of rude, racist, sexist, stupid statements (which only show assholes everywhere) Stockler wants to prove that Brazilian middle-class youths are ALL current or future fascists because they are middle class and enjoy recreational drugs (does he say that all neo-fascists are on drugs or that drugs allow fascist behavior? don't tell. <br /> <br /> With its dogmatic self-righteousness, headache-invasive technique and sensual boredom, "Cama de Gato" is bad for 1,000 reasons, but above all, it is harmful in a very boring way: it attacks the Brazilian theater a powerful argument. "Cama de Gato" is best unparalleled, unabated, buried and forgotten.
