An accurate review of Neurenburg should unintentionally open the door to history by opening the movie "Valkyrie" (Tom Cruise). "Valkyrie" (2008) finally tells the world. There was a German resistance during World War II. Two professionally organized with bureaucrats, military generals, soldiers and civilians trying to overthrow the Nazi political regime, installing a new chancellor, gaining peace and closing the concentration camps. However, these unknown absolute heroes did not help the allies who helped the French resistance next door. Historians have since used an institutionalized agenda to hide a related evil that cost many millions of lives to all who are conditioned to believe that the German people fully support the Nazis and therefore the 24-hour bombing of genocide and "unconditional surrender" earned. It was imposed on the Germans. <br /> <br /> The German mystery codes were broken in 1943 by English scientists, so much of what the Germans did was known. During 1943, the Germans developed new jet fighter jets and jet bombs by companies such as Arado, Heinkel and Messerschmitt. Even though the Nazis have been eliminated and German resistance passed, the allies will not allow any democracy in the world to have jet aircraft, jet bombers, high-speed submarines, ballistic missiles and radio-led missiles without the US! This is where the institutionalized agenda is relevant. Consequently, the German resistance did not help the allies, although they always had important intelligence to eliminate Adolf Hitler. The coup of 20 July 1944 is proof that the Germans have made significant efforts to obtain peace. Instead, the Germans have ultimates of "unconditional surrender" and 24-hour saturation bombing in an agenda to avoid peace. The allies wanted to steal the world's largest technology and scientists from the Germans and possess complete ownership through an "unconditional surrender." It was a pretended Alliance agenda to keep the war going and to keep the Nazis in order to justify the 24-hour bombing, but it lasts one year after the day before complete armies in Germany progressed to the world's largest. stealing technology and scientists. of a gun. However, tens of millions of people died, as the allies left German resistance for their own greed. <br /> <br /> The allies imposed an unconditional surrender to the Germans as an excuse to complete the ownership and control of German property and government and this was done without using German resistance to the Nazis. The allies wanted to steal the world's greatest technology and scientists from the Germans to reach world-technological rule. As a result, everything else followed second for the evil Allied agenda that killed millions of German people in the 24-hour bombing; the concentration camps remained open; the war was prolonged and led to the "cold war" with weapons based on German industrial achievements, technology and scientists taken in the Second World War by two Germans. <br /> <br /> Nuremberg's 1946 War Crime Trials were a public relations deception and mass murder by allies as retrospective justice to the Nazis. It was a smokescreen to hide the evil and greedy alliance for world-technological rule rather than help the German resistance to overthrow the Nazi political regime. Ten million people died because the allies left German resistance. on an agenda, but they in any case rendered retaliation to the German chiefs of staff who at any rate paid or not to their war crimes in Nuremberg, although the allies committed genocide to reach global technological rule.
