The word 'Where' in the title of this movie called my alarm bells. They called louder when a title card referred to America's Civil War as the "State War" (the inversion preferred by the hard-suiders). Jesse James - Thief, Slave Holder and Killer - is described as a quiet, gentle farm boy. How dishonest is this movie? There is NO mention of slavery, much less of the documented fact that Jesse James's poor widespread mother had slaves before the war and that Jesse and his brother Frank were actively fighting to retain slavery. According to this film, all the Civil War soldiers have really fought to decide whether Missouri is a northern state or a southern state ... it's ALL. (Missouri: It's a candy coin! It's a breath!) Black people are completely absent from this movie, except for two smiles from a few beggars, one of whom carries a "HELP THE POOR" sign that is very indisputable instead of handwritten. (Some shots of 19th-century newspapers are also inaccurate, with types of 20th-century fonts.) <br /> <br /> This movie has a strange flashback structure. There are some impressive stuntry (and some good work by stunt horses), and excellent mounting. I searched for a dialogue: "Some of those boys will never taste beans again." The film gets a few facts straight: Agnes Moorehead, like Jesse's mother, hides her right arm in the scenes after Pinkerton's agents (here Remington), in which Jesse James's real mother had injuries requiring the amputation of her forearm. Some flaws here are pardonable: during his bush days the real Jesse James accidentally removed from his left finger, but Robert Wagner (in the title role here) does not have a blunt finger. I saw a picture of Jesse James's real wife; If she looks half as glamorous as Hope Lange in this movie, Jesse James may have stayed at home. <br /> <br /> There is a lot of revisionism here, and most of the male actors wear 1950s hairstyles. But many of this movie's mistakes were avoidable. Jesse James's mentor William Quantrill is mentioned several times, but all the actors have voiced his name. We see that Jesse and his wife moved to an extended two-storey home (where he will soon die) after paying a $ 18 rental fee. In fact, Jesse James's last residence (at 1318 Lafayette Street, St Joseph, Missouri) was a simple one-story cottage that rented for $ 14. There was no top floor ... so when Jesse James is killed, his wife could not come from above as Hope Lange does here. (She was actually in the kitchen.) One continuity error: Robert Wagner (without stunt double) does an impressive job of taking a snail in the jaw and falling while his hands are tied behind his back. back ... but when he got up, the rope tying his wrists disappeared. <br /> <br /> The script does some strange and unnecessary juggling of dates. Following the Northfield robbery attempt, Jesse says he expects to come home at his birthday. The real Northfield bank robbery by the James Gang (September 7, 1876) was two days after Jesse James's birthday. (Maybe he means next year's birthday.) Later, we see that Jesse and his wife moved to their home in St Joseph on a fine summer day, while Jesse told her what he was going to do when Christmas Eve came ... but in real life, Mr and Mrs. Jesse James moved into the house on December 24, 1881 ... so this scene should be * at Christmas! These mistakes were completely avoidable. <br /> <br /> Some of the fictionalities here don't make sense. According to this movie, the Northfield bank attack failed because one (fictional) henchman was too late to cut the telegraph wires. If it actually did, it would have hampered the James gang's breakaway ... but it wouldn't have influenced the robbery itself, which failed for other reasons. <br /> <br /> There are good performances here by Jeffrey Hunter (such as Frank James), Moorehead, Alan Hale Jnr (as Cole Younger) and stage actress Marian Seldes in a rare role-playing role. I was disappointed by Robert Wagner, usually a subordinate actor. Elsewhere, Wagner proved his impressive range by portraying judges, villains and moral ambiguous characters. Here he can't decide whether to portray Jesse James as a goodie or a bath ... so he doesn't do much. John Carradine phoned in his short role as a fictional jackal preacher who baptized Jesse and his wife at their wedding. In fact, Jesse James was baptized in childhood by his uncle, a Methodist minister ... but perhaps this second baptism is a supplement. <br /> <br /> Jesse James was not Robin Hood. (I doubt Robin Hood was also Robin Hood, but that's another story.) There's no single documented example of Jesse James who ever shares his prey with anyone outside of his own family. After some of his strokes, he didn't split the swag with the rest of his gang. In this movie, Jesse is shot immediately after making vows to give up his bandits forever. In fact, the night before his death, Jesse James and the Ford brothers stole horses that Jesse planned to use the Platte City bank robbery the next day. In preparation for most of his robberies, Jesse James stole horses from local farmers ... the same poor people who (inaccurately legends) were supposedly the beneficiaries of his greatness. I sat here on one scene, in which the fiction Jesse James is so refined that he disapproves of an oil painting that shows nudes tastefully. <br /> <br /> "The True (Not Much!) Story of Jesse James" is deliberately dishonest about a thief killer, and also dishonest about the Civil War. For the very impressive stunt work, one good montage and some good actors, I will judge this obsession dishonest 2 points out of 10.
