Before I give Spike Lee's mess of a movie SOMER VAN SAM a well-deserved splash, I'd like to make one thing clear. I do not simply reject this film for its abundance of thin and unpleasant images. What makes this movie so uncompromising is that Lee believes SOMER OR SAM should be taken seriously as a socially enlightening drama. For example, the crime-making films of Quentin Tarantino are filled with violence, curse and other sleaze, yet are highly vigilant because Tarantino does not attempt to shoot these films as social-redeeming works of art. He knows that such movies are just for entertainment. On the other hand, serious dramas such as SAVING PRIVATE RYAN and SCHINDLER'S LIST are often unpleasant to watch, but serve the inconvenience of developing the film's characters and characters, with the aim of emotionally engaging the audience with the story and characters on the screen. SUMMER OF SAM, unfortunately, is only in its own sensational and sleaze in its own sensational and sleaze, believing it serves as social commentary, just like other trash cans. <br /> <br /> SUMMER OF SAM does not serve as a serious drama, because its characters are only cardboard-cut stereotypes. His plot claims the emotional impact of the hysteria over the Sun of Sam's murders on the inhabitants of the predominantly Italian-American North Bronx area where the murders occurred. Instead of proposing the locals as a diverse mix of personalities, Lee simply divides every negative Italian stereotype imaginable. The men are ignorant, lazy, well-known goombahs. The women are divided between poor, self-sufficient "good girls" (Mira Sorvino's Dionna) and debaucherous "bad girls" (Jennifer Esposito's Ruby). Lee seems to want to pay back Hollywood for their years of negative African-American stereotyping by wiping out stereotypes of his own, and few critics seem to care. For example, if Martin Scorsese offered residents of an African American environment as a bunch of Amos an Andy and Tunt Jemima stereotypes, critics would justify such blatant stereotyping fairly. More importantly, one-dimensional, stereotypical characters undermine any film that is trying to be a serious social comment. <br /> <br /> Without exception, the SOMER VAN SAM movie is excellent. However, the acting is largely uninspired. Throwing just goes through the movements, or they have little to do with scriptwise. In addition, there are significant errors. Comedian John Leguizamo is very talented, but his Vinny character looks like an old, comical embodiment of John Travolta's Tony Manero from SATURDAY NIGHT FEATURE. And Michael Badalucco, a perennial 'good old' actor, is very much mistaken for a series of killer David Berkowitz. He is so funny rather than scary. The only show worth paying attention to is Adrien Brody as the troubled, but sincere, wicked Ritchie. The Brody performance and the typically stylish Lee cinematography are the only virtues of this movie. <br /> <br /> * 1/2 out of ****
