After hearing the word of the mouth about how bad this movie is, I took the dive and bought the DVD. It said everything previously mentioned about this movie is true. For a movie claiming that a budget is in the millions, it doesn't show up on the screen at all. The list of problems with the movie can drag on forever. Chief among them is the movie is simply too long. It dragged for a few minutes short of 3 hours. Nearly an hour could probably have been cut off the run time if the editor had just removed the abundance of scenes that had nothing more than the main character to stray purposefully. <br /> <br /> Second, as many of the "trailers" indicated, the special effects are nothing but special. The tripods looked here and there in a few shots, but out there was everything from the Z-1970s or 1980s. Probably the worst effects of all were the horses that moved back and forth when they moved. The heat radiating effects were laughing, as people were reduced to bones, which could somehow still flame-free. It was also a pity the Thunderchild sequence, in which the Thunderchild, described in the book as an iron ladder ram, did not look of the kind. Instead, it resembled a wreck of the First World War, completed with deck weapons (fired but had no visible crew) and torpedo tubing. <br /> <br /> The colors and backgrounds were just as bad as the effects. Most of everyone was early in the scene in which the main character and his wife went to a night hiker and he pointed Mars to her in the air. Well, the sky is black, but the view of the characters and the landscape around them is broad daylight. There is also a very sharp demarcation between the real landscape, bathed in full sunlight, and the fake black night sky with too big, fuzzy stars. To further detract, the color of the screens did not make sense. In some, they are bathed in orange light. In other green light. In still others it is blue light. In some cases, the exteriors are illuminated orange, but the interiors of homes are green or blue. The frame rate and the camera are very shaky, which looks all stuttering. <br /> <br /> Finally, the play is overall sub-par. One man portrays two characters that have the only difference, because one did not have a mustache. It sometimes led to confusion about who was and where they were all. The English accent, even to American ears, is disgraceful. <br /> <br /> In summary, this movie can very well make a claim to the worst movie released recently. I didn't see Gigli or some of the other recent flops, but this one, due to its poor quality in every respect, should be easily worse than anything that brought out the mainstream Hollywood. I won't be surprised if the movie makes it to the bottom 10 or 20 in the IMDb rankings. It's a pity that Mystery Science Theater hasn't been around yet.
