* WARNING. IT MUST BE SPOILERS, IF YOU CARE. * <br /> <br /> Well, the basic premise of this homemade Texas movie is: College kids + Haunted House + Evil magic book = Scary stuff. In practice, it compares a lot of time to see the time to see how much longer this movie is going to drag. A lot of French boys, along with various friends and volunteers, are setting up a charity home. The project is presented with a thorough repulsive character, the main objective of which is verbally and physically cast as much as possible. I had a hard time believing that anyone would even want to work with this person in any capacity: he is nothing but rude and insulting to everyone, including his girlfriend and his mate. Regardless, the children are visited by local character and annual pumpkin-maker champion "Pumpkin Jack", an elderly shot described as "Santa Claus or Halloween" and who pours a drawer for the house, including a ominous book that appeared prominently in the annoying strobe-flashing prologue (where a bunch of dressed cultures are turned into stir-fry). Needless to say, start a damn fool with the book, and eventually most of the purchased monsters are in real people, and the remaining few ordinary people should try to survive. There are some good things in this movie, but not much: everything is well shot and the makeup effects are decent. On the other hand, the artists also experience drastically; much of the plot makes little sense outside of a "it happens so can happen" series; there is hardly a musical score to speak of, but only songs throughout the film; and the movie takes an hour to actually get anywhere. The last problem is most telling: two-thirds of the 90-minute run time is used to set up the characters repeatedly. Tom is a nice guy Heidi has the control freak, but to date, Jill, who is now Dan the donkey, has a relationship, but she has a relationship starting with Kira, the girl who is wearing too many shawls. Then there is a very big jerk, Gary likes to play jokes, and Steve & Lily likes to have a lot of sex. Things that could be handled easily in 20 minutes, pull on and off, to the point where the lesbian "sex" scene (calm, it's pretty soft) left me for the quick forward button. It leaves us with half an hour of calorie-scaring, a sounding end and a deep-seated dislike of Uncle Pumpkin Jack, who I blame for the whole mess. Unless you can get it on a kind of deep discount rental (and really saw everything in the store), put it back on the shelf and keep looking.
