In this sequel, Bruce is still called Billy Lo (get it? Bruce = Billy, Lo = Lee. No?) But that's all it has in common with the other movie. Billy no longer looks like an actor. He seems to be in another country. He's more like a spy. He is the only cast member to return and unfortunately, they kill him to make room for a new character, his brother, Bobby. Unfortunately, when Bruce dies, the movie almost dies with him. It was extremely poor. They seemed to have written the script while filming. The footage works for a while (it's not too obvious), but soon Bruce is always shown in the dark (at one point he kicks out light for no other obvious reason to hide the fact that not Bruce plays part). Unfortunately, when he dies, the movie changes. I can't help but wonder if they were filming while they were writing and might have planned to keep Bruce alive, but later decided to kill him because it wasn't likely. Bobby didn't appear until Billy died. It's hard to change the main character halfway through the movie and Bruce is a tough act to follow, so it's hard to accept Bobby now as the star. Bruce is never seen in this movie again. I think they should have made this successor without Bruce, he has a lame role in this movie. People who hope to see a new Bruce Lee movie will be disappointed to see that while giving the best bill, he has a distinctive role. Even the worst movies have at least one memorable bit. If there was one thing about this movie, it looks like people are talking, it's the scene where Billy is fighting in a nursery. Ironically, it doesn't even use Bruce Lee footage. Note, they did it more convincingly in No Retreat No Surrender. Neither of the other actors has ever made anything else memorable. Bruce's friend (Colleen Camp) is never mentioned. My advice is to turn it off as soon as Bruce finishes writing his letter to his brother. Nothing else in the movie is worth watching. I found it very sad to die Bruce. I don't see how a small budget movie like this could get enough money to use material from Enter The Dragon. It was a cheap way of trying to pay for Bruce's name. Strange and this and the original are credited to Bruce's filmography. Fortunately, no one tried such a thing again. 1981 was the year of Bruce's last movie appearance. It was a sad way to end it, but fortunately it is proof that Bruce's film career has to be left alone.
