Is it possible to give a movie NO STAR? I don't think so. But many stars IMDb show it just think zero and you will get my drift. Director and photographer Timothy Hines did not have much of a budget compared to Spielberg's Herculean effort with the same material (rumored to be the most expensive film ever made), but it does not have to be an insurmountable lack . I saw a wonderful work on a comparative shoe ("Soldier and Saints" is a recent example). With hard work, integrity and, above all, talent, it is certainly possible to realize a faithful version of Wells' novella - and on a fraction of what Dreamworks spent on its "World War". Unfortunately, in all these departments, Hines failed. Even if he had Spielberg's budget and Tom Cruise signed the lead, his movie would have been just as bad as this little pawn on us. <br /> <br /> Mainly, Hines doesn't seem to be able to tell a story. Thanks to digital video technology, he can record images and sound, but he has little ability to compile a narrative with what he records. One walks a country trail, many. He speaks badly aped Receive English to someone else. Then he walks on the same avenue, just from the back, to show he is back. Slim, eh? Walk and talk, for almost an hour this is all that happens. OK, I'll give that one extended outing of the main character's house to the impact site on Horsell Common to show that it's a considerable distance from one place to another, can be helpful (a first-year movie student can a more economical and more aesthetic statement sequence than this, VAT), but half a dozen times? Back and forth, back and forth, etcetera, with a little yakkity-yak in between. Remarkable. The only explanation for this follow-up of redundancy, apart from total artistic inefficiency, is the desire to immerse thirty minutes of unhappy amateur CG works in something that can be presented as a long film. Eventually the Martian fighters appear and the running and talking are running and talking or shouting. Later we get staggering and cry for dessert. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, much of the dialogue is straight from the text of H.G. Wells lifted; otherwise we would have no idea what was going on. But isn't it the whole point of the theater to relieve a text, to realize which words alone can't convey? If a movie relies on dialogue or monologue to tell us what we see or how to feel, why bother? Why not play a radio? Orson Welles just made himself a household name. However, Hines thinks he's a filmmaker, so he's content to mouth the words and swallow the meaning. <br /> <br /> Second, Hines could buy some CG effects of some kind for his movie, but he has no idea. how to use it. Now I don't have one unquenchable sweet tooth for cakes. I believe good science fiction cinema doesn't need dazzling technical effects. Some really powerful science films have grown virtually nothing. But "The World War" as a film requires a certain baseline effort. Wells tells a story that depends on things that can be seen and heard and even smells. The effects do not have to be complex; They can even be rough (eg, road machines on wires that slide over miniature streets as seen in the George Pal / Byron Haskins 1953 version), but they must be handled well. Unfortunately, Hines's bonds are both rough and incompetent ?? stepper plane bikes higher than a cathedral sprout bump to make a sound like a pogo stick leaning on linoleum? Martian squidoids, although suppressed by four times the gravity of their own world, scream and shout without observable effort? skeletons completely denied flesh and muscles and shouting - the same stray horse and buggy greeting his way over the foreground a dozen times (reversed, left and right hoping we might not notice)? and on nauseum. Raw technique is unsuccessful. So you have a CG fire effect that is less than convincing? Okay, we can work on it. Don't use it too often and just show a few of them. The bumped women's order looks more like a crushed plum? Throw it away. This is unnecessary. You say your Mars flyer looks like a toy on a rope? If you have to use it, go ahead, but don't show it twice! But no, Hines won't listen. We get the worst outlook used again and again. Gotta get that 180 minutes somehow, son. <br /> <br /> Next, our acting, or more precisely, is acting too much. Whether it's in a talking role or just being paid to die, everyone in this movie is working out his heart. Apparently, Hines thinks he's getting a bargain - more flight out of fear! You, behind the tree, scare us, let's have a real connection that fits these tasks. You call it what in anxiety writh? Nonsense, my grandmother can write better - Nonetheless, the role as a whole and individually casts stink. They are not even good amateurs. But it doesn't have to be fatal. Many are a good movie made with rancid acting. This is what directors are involved in. And editors. What brings up another point? Who the hell did Tim Hines change this cheese factory? If America's butchers were so nice to cut meat, like Hines, it's cut to film, your next hamburger will be all the fingers and no beef. In spite of the closest three-hour running time, there are many things missing in this movie - not ranges, but single frames, which create a reckless effect that is expected to be uncertain. Perhaps Hine's intention was to simulate the effect of a hand-curved cine camera of the 1890s. If he was, I could say he didn't know how to do it.
