I would like to start with the fact that I am not an anime fan (with some notable exceptions), and I generally have a low opinion of so-called otakus because they are so in love with their particular brand of cartoon that they call each movie with head-muscular, big-eye characters as a work of art without even considering other important factors, such as the plot. And no anime movie represents this division between otakus and real-taste people as this elegant piece of waste. Deadly Anger: the moving picture. As seen through the slippery, inexorable eyes of an otaku, there is little to find fault in deadly rage - there are many strange Japanese y-humor, one-to-one twins, some "dramatic" moments, and everything is beautiful. But everyone else will be turned off by the cut, predictable plot with cleaved, predictable characters, culminating in a clicked, predictable end. The love stories are hilariously overblown - the scene in which Sulia "heals" Terry is obviously meant to be a gentle moment, but it is virtually impossible not to be thrown into spiral rods by mere blurring. And of course, deadly rage is not without the mandatory cartoon T & A - it is offered for free by the giant-born Mai Shiranui. And since lethal rage is based on the video game series of the same name (oh son), we are treated with numerous senseless, colored comos by popular characters with little or no relevance to the plot at all (they go through all the trouble to know set up Kim early, just for him to completely disappear from the movie completely to that point). This mess of a movie reaches its peak with the unintentional passing final, in which all the main characters, in turn, enter the almighty main cork in the one-on-one battle. This is a thing that has always amused me, even when fighting in animes is NOT taking place in a tournament, it always happens as though it was not at all! <br /> <br /> Otakus is always raving about how anime movies should be treated as MOVIES instead of merely cartoons, and an alarming section of the same people likes deadly anger. So would deadly anger be good if it wasn't an anime? The answer is an emphatic no - all this movie's charm, how little of it is, lives in the real drawings. If fatal rage wasn't an anime, it would have been an episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000 if the show was still on the air. It's the key - it's nothing more than a laughingly bad B-movie in the prospect of an anime epic. If you're a fan of movies so bad that they're actually entertaining, consider renting lethal rage (or catching it on the Sci-Fi channel) because it's definitely one of those. If you are an otaku, please wake up and realize that a good 90% of things you see are garbage. As for everyone, buy a Dreamcast and fatal rage: Mark of the Wolves, but don't even think about watching this movie.
