Sometimes laughing in the middle of a horror movie is a sign of his greatness. I remember the nervous laugh of the audience in the re-release of The Excorcist ?? very nervous laughing. It structured how freaked out we all looked at the voice of Satan coming out of a 12 year old girl. However, in the case of the 2006 revival of the 1972 cult classic The Wicker Man, it made me think that this new Wickerman is as frightening as the South Park character, Scuzzlebut, the friendly forest monster with TV's Patrick Duffy for " a leg and a celery stalk for an arm that is the favorite hobby to wicker baskets. <br /> <br /> 3 years ago, a friend of mine in Hollywood told me he had heard that Nicolas Cage would do a remake of the movie. I started laughing and my friend (Keith) was angry with me and named Nicolas Cage as a good actor. I just didn't think he could pull it off and unfortunately I was ready for filmmakers. Away is the reality, the outstanding original music, the originality, the creepiness and the wonderfully powerful dialogue. Instead, we have horror movie cliches, affected acting and storyline changes that disintegrate any credibility. Like many of the countless Hollywood remakes, we were recently inundated. It feels like we are watching 4th graders on a playground that plays Wickerman. <br /> <br /> The original film takes place on a remote Scottish island where a Scottish police officer was lured to find a missing girl named Rowan Morrison. In the new turn, a California police spokesman (Cage) is lured to a Washington State coast by his former girlfriend to find her missing daughter. She sends a photo and the missing daughter looks exactly like a young girl he didn't try to save long ago in a fiery accident. The accident haunts him quite a bit because the girl's body was never found. Yet, even after he got a letter with her photo in it, the connection was set aside while he was north alone, to help his ex-girlfriend find her daughter. He comes to find an island full of actors as if they were the descendants of Wiccans. Many of them seem to have not received calls for roles in The Village. And like the town it's not long before you realize there's nothing to be afraid of here. Not even the cloudy eyelid sisters talking in harmony. <br /> <br /> I think the opportunity in Hollywood to make huge amounts of money on a movie often comes on a large scale for the artwork. I think someone like Nicolas Cage, who is in so many movies, nowadays gets the magic that the movie can be when it is about to have a personal chef on the set that prepares its sweets. We need a bad repetition of the Wickerman because we need another 9-11 movie. I wonder if Nicolas changed Coppola's because he wanted to or because he was pleading for it.
