Anyone who has negatively communicated about this movie has done great analysis on why this movie is so bloody. I didn't want to comment, but the movie is battling me so much, especially the author / director. So I have to throw in my hat to join the naysayers. <br /> <br /> I saw the original "Wicker Man" and very much loved the watch of music, sensuality, paganism in a modern world and the clash of theological beliefs. . That said, I'm not part of the crowd that thinks the recovery of big movies shouldn't be done. For example, I love the original 1950's "Invasion of the Body Snatchers", but also enjoy the 1978 remake. Both films can stand on their own. Another example is "The Thing". The original, as champion as it looks compared to today's standards, has much to be proud of in the 1982 repetition with Kurt Russell (my favorite horror movie). So the small minority of people like "The Wicker Man" want to keep me from rejecting this crap just because it's a repetition. <br /> <br /> This movie stripped me of Neil LaBute's sexism and misogynistic tendencies. It also made me wonder how drivers, who want to make a serious excitement, a product that is so anti-feminine will turn green. There are too many scenes of Cage who hit women just because he is frustrated with the investigation of a missing girl. would he respond to the island in other cases where suspects are not up and running? The original created a society in which men and women are equal participants in a goddess-based religion. The threat to the main character came from everyone, male and female. There was no sexual hierarchy. <br /> <br /> The metaphor of bees, drunks, etc. was a little heavy handed and convenient ("The drunk must die!"), especially if Cage's character has cattle allergies. I wondered why the men on the island didn't fight back and just used physical ones to stop these women from treating them like grunts. It was not women with special supernatural powers, and half of them were pregnant, the other half old and fat, and the other girls and thin blond waifs. If the men really wanted to escape, they could do what most men do when they hate women. Physically they dominate. There weren't any guns or weapons that were out of the way to hold them if they were unhappy. But if they were happy to be drones, why didn't they have the opportunity to talk? They can be used as a threat to Cage because they will defend the community. They are drones, because Neil LaBute seems to believe that a women-run society will drop men. (The movie has already been made. "The Stepford women" anyone?) Classic symptoms of men who are afraid of what can happen if women come together with them and are truly equal citizens. <br /> <br /> The problem with the male-hate female society is that it makes uninteresting movie viewing and unintentional humor when the Cage women start beating. I believe that LaBute had to leave society an egalitarian one, keep sexuality and unobstructed resentment and push buttons of discomfort in the children on the island. Nobody likes pedophiles or children to be sexually exploited. So how would a cop react if he saw cruel acts of adult children? There will be a logical spiritual leap that these children are abused, an urgency created to save the missing child and get help for all the children. LaBute said he created the fiancé and daughter story council to give Cage's character an incentive to search. I don't think you need it. Any child being abused will respond to an adult to save them. The irony will, of course, be that the children's cage "finally" brings him to death. <br /> <br /> The dialogue is confronted and championed. The whole third act was hilarious. The audience I saw with a guffawed (and later booed at the end). I just thought the movie started wrong when the letter was written in the handwriting, and all the flashbacks looked to show how wounded Kage was. We don't need it. Just show him on the island for an investigation of a missing child. Most of us in the United States have seen "Law & Order" and other police procedures. We come to the movie as if we are Cage's partner to solve a puzzle. <br /> <br /> So much potential ... wasted. Neil LaBute, keep headlines for people who enjoy your male anxious hidden plays and flashes of that kind. Stay with your own company of men. Solve the exciters for people who understand the excitement. Here's your pitcher of honey. I'll see it.
