I'm sitting here and forcing myself to complete it. I showed that I blew 6 bux on the VHS. It may just as well suffer. I remember about 4 or 5 years ago a search on the Internet for the "World War" cause of the rumors of the Spielberg movie when I missed the old TV series of the early 90s. The website made it a multi-million dollar version of the classic book. It was a "perfect translation". Perfect CRAP is more in line with this movie. <br /> <br /> First, the video on this movie is glitched! It looked like I watched the Full Motion Video from an old 90-year-old PC or Playstation CD-Rom video game. Unfortunately, the color quality was similar. The play condemned Shatners' classic "dramatic break" in the quality of the Shakespeare environment. The CG version of various scenes was terrible, and the green screen ranges were worse than those seen in the old Dukes or Hazardd scenes. <br /> <br /> Second, it's slow and awful. I sat by 45 minutes of the video (no promos at the start) before the cylinder was actually opened to reveal the first alien. Then the stranger was a very constructed CG squid. I'm an hour now and most of the alien weapons I've seen are a revolving silver disc. The dramatic scenes are murdered with excessive instruments. The last thing about it, for an alien invasion in the 19th century, no one is worried about their lives. It's as if they have no concept. Although the media was slow, the word of the mouth spread rapidly and people would have known. The "illusion" of day and night was at its best slim. To change the color of people to purple, blue or green doesn't mean night time. Perhaps some lighting and real night-time shoots gave a much better illusion. There are quite a few thrown out rows throughout the film to just watch the "hero" gallop or walk dull roads. Continue with the movie. I know how people get around, you don't have to be so deep in depth. <br /> <br /> Now, finally an hour and 5 minutes in the movie and they show the strange machines. Mighty Morphin Power Rangers had better looking effects. Even the skeletons of vaporized people seem to be animated by a high school computer program student. The animations do not match the scenery at all. <br /> <br /> In closing people, if you want the "World War", do one of four things. 1) Watch the 1953 original, 2) watch the early 90's TV series, 3) wait for Spielberg's release to be released soon, OR 4) Read the newspaper book (something we've probably done in the English class already has). Avoid this movie. THIS IS A WASTE OF YOUR MONEY.
