Usually when writing a review for a movie online, it is one of three reasons. I also found something that was exceptionally lacking in a movie that would otherwise be excellent. I feel that the public's perception of a movie before it is viewed is inaccurate for a number of reasons, or I believe the purpose or message of a movie is needed. Explain or explain with the help of other reviewers. Although all of these reasons may seem somewhat negative, I find that a review is written that makes nothing but praise and utterances, such as: "This is one of the best movies of all time!" highlight viewer over its merits and disadvantages, and it also does not often give reasons why a movie is so good, which should be the point of review in the first place. Having said that, World War II is nothing more than a hasty, incapable attempt to seize money; piggy-backing his horrible carcass on the multi-million dollar advertising campaign of the same name movie directed by Steven Spielberg. Many people will buy this DVD in anticipation of the summer eruption and many more poor will buy it, looking for more material on the same subject. This movie is not even "so bad" that it becomes funny or engaging, but the audience will be so incredibly disappointed to reach the point of anger. Now with most of the insults out of the way, leave my arguments as a warning to those who are more fortunate than me. <br /> <br /> Judging from the cover and the lack of any publicity for this movie (I found it as SAM's $ 8 club), I assumed the cast would be non-names and that special effects would be nothing too spectacular. Cheque. This is not a big problem for me, because I find a huge budget and an over-dependence on big name stars and SE can reduce another decent movie. I also didn't expect to be blown away by a big dialogue or a moving score. Look again. What I was waiting for was a real serious attempt at a classic theme and some alien / combat scenes. <br /> <br /> Now, according to IMDb's policy, any spoilers need to be announced in advance, no matter how small, so here's fair warning. The movie opens with a very awkward little talk, followed by a trip to an observatory to look at a red point. Seriously, it is a picture of a red dot in a tube. It is very difficult to describe every little problem in depth, but by the end of the first ten minutes, the combination of shaky camera work, split scenes and a lot of runs begins to frustrate the viewer. However, the costume is not surprisingly bad and the hope that the pods will reveal something secretive keeps you going. The next 30 minutes will basically go as follows: one of the main characters walks to one of the pods, looks at the pods and speaks with another main character to look at the pod and it can be hot. They both return to town. These walks are not two seconds or so added so that dialogue can be exchanged. They are twenty seconds or more and just add filler to a three-hour movie that has already been inflated. In a particularly disturbing scene, the main character appears in a pod, then he is tested and panted, then he looks at the pod, then takes a minute to walk through a field to the village, then the village enters and walks. in a building, then he has a cup of coffee and says: "Thank you Mary" for a random girl serving him coffee, then he puts the coffee and walks out of the building, then walks a few minutes through the field and back to the pod. I apologize for the extreme start-up error, but this is perhaps the best way to summarize this whole movie. Characters talk too long about everyday things, they walk a lot, they send other people to walk, the camera varies between high speed and slow speed, but for a dramatic effect, the camera is just somewhere at Tech. The editing is fascinatingly bad. People's actions make little sense. For example, when the professor goes to a farmer's house and says he needs the farmer to give him to the village, the farmer pays and farms. When the professor says there is a pod and that men can be trapped inside, the farmer only locks himself in to see that the professor grabs a fork and opens the poor barn a second later. Of course, nothing of any consequence comes from this whole scene, as the professor walks into the main character for a moment, so they can start their afternoon walk. The whole movie feels as if someone at one point had a good idea to make a movie, but absolutely no idea how to get it moving. I saw better high school video productions. Eventually the special effects are ridiculous and do nothing to promote the story. I get the feeling that the director really wanted this movie to be a bit of a cult class of camping garbage. However, it is so terrible in technical aspects, and in the ordinary sense that it just makes people angry. Avoid this movie at all costs.
