You don't expect much from a PRC picture, and with exceptional exceptions - mainly from Edgar G. Ulmer and a few by Joseph H. Lewis or Lew Landers - this is exactly what you get: not much. This "epic" about Nazis in Africa trying to provoke an Arab uprising against the British is no different. The manuscript, Arthur St. Claire and Sherman Lowe, who have long been in the PRC, are trite, ridiculous, full of indecent wisecracks and plots like Outer Mongolia. The direction, by long-term PRC non-budget specialist Al Herman, is at its best semi-comatose. The performances, though - except for the spectacularly incompetent and annoying hammie, lead Walter Woolf King - is not really half bad. Veteran comedian Parkyakarkus is actually the best thing about the movie. He plays a Brooklyn man who sells as a razor seller and brightens the screen when he acts. He has a great comic timing, charm to save and seems to have some good time. Duncan Renaldo is quite convincing as an Arab sheikh - despite his Spanish accent - and veteran bad guy George J. Lewis as Renaldo's Arab contender does his usual fine work of evil, even though he sometimes goes over the top. Joan Woodbury is pretty pretty and has a nice light touch, and she and Renaldo have good chemistry, though, like the rest of the cast, they have nothing to do with King. H.B. Warner, whose career has stretched to the silent time, gives a sharp dignity to the lower rents, though he blows his lines several times and PRC is as PRC, they are not cut out. There is a huge amount of stock that is split from a large-budget silent movie, with a similar Arabic theme. Although I have no idea which one it is, and that the PRC is PRC, no attempt has been made to make it unobtrusive. : I rarely saw inventory material so blatantly obvious. <br /> <br /> "A Yank in Libya" is not very good, of course - well, ok, it stin - but it will be a glance just to see Parkyakarkus in its first. I heard from him and knew he was the father of actor / director Albert Brooks and Super Dave Osborne, but had never seen him before. It was worth watching this tenth PRC's "extravaganza" just to see him in action. Otherwise, forget about it.
