You just love opening series like the one in "Seven Women for Satan"? During the intro, there is a naked girl running through the forest, chased by a hunting dog and a malicious boyfriend on a horse, until she falls off a cliff and opens her head on a rock. Then the camera looks out on the man's face and we see how he simply sits behind a desk while his secretary waits for him to draw some papers. "Oh, I'm sorry, I was lost in my mind?" he says! Sweet, I've stumbled upon another completely choppy movie. Even if you only understand a minimum of French and look at the original title, you immediately know that "Seven Women for Satan" has nothing to do with Satan or ritual sacrifices, but only on the flamboyant escapades of a distorted and mentally unstable count during his weekend in the countryside. It's actually another terrible variation on the classic milestone "The Dangerous Game" about a nasty hobby of hunting people? preferably warm naked chicks - in the bush for sports. Well, it's actually more than just a variation on the 1932 classic, as author / director / actor Michel Lemoine had the prediction to link his lead star directly to Leslie Banks' legendary villain in "The Dangerous Game". Count Zaroff is probably the original Earl Zaroff's son, but he has swapped his private island for the remote French countryside. He also can't afford to be unemployed, so he is an office clerk and a manic killer from Monday to Friday over the weekend. Zaroff is a true weirdo who is hallucinating about dancing with a deceased woman, but actually his car over the living children. His butler once promised to prevent the Zaroffs from killing, but of course he's doing a bad job. There is no depth in the screenplay and the build-up certainly doesn't pay attention to tension or sinister atmosphere. Really, the only useful thing to do during this film is to count the girls falling for Zaroff's deceptive fall and hope they will reach seven quickly. Half of the film is senseless and boring lining, such as the elongated erotic dance act in which an image is inexplicably transformed into a muscular black man (???), and the other half consists of a psychedelic sleaze that eventually also getting tired all the girls seem mysterious. I have the impression that it is Michel Lemoine's intention to imitate his girlfriend Jean Rollin and make a shocking sex thriller. "Seven Women for Satan" is a French production, and this is necessarily star Jess Franco regular Howard Vernon ("The Awful Dr. Orloff", "Zombie Lake"). Lemoine herself does have the body of a crazy killer, but not the talent to portray one.
