The 1930s was a golden era of Los Angeles with its film industry and great potential of various other possibilities to become rich and familiar and happy. People arrived and hoped to fulfill their dreams. To expect open arms and welcoming offers, there were only a few who managed to succeed and find their way to the stars. The majority then condemned to stay hungry, disillusioned and unwanted, looking for some respect in dirty bars and unpleasant hotel rooms. <br /> <br /> Young Italian-American writer Arturo Bandini comes to LA for a similar quest - to spread his charm to get one of those beautiful rich women and write an excellent novel on a career path, so far, a single short story published in a clear anthology has been written. If he wants to create a romantic masterpiece, he looks like he can produce nothing without experiencing it himself, but sometimes he sends pieces of magazine stories to a local editor who helps him survive. He is proud to present himself as an Italian, but deep in his heart he feels his Italian origin as a burden. The little money and the courage to conquer the world he once had is gone and watch his dream change in a hangover, holding a last single nickel to spend. <br /> <br /> The coffee she brought to him was cold and sour and placed a curse on her triggers, an eternal relationship between insults, unspoken excuses, and a love hidden underneath. Camilla is an uneducated girl trying to get a US citizenship marriage, and also carries her heavy cross from a non-perspective racial heritage. Although she is much of a stronger and more experienced person, her situation as a beautiful Mexican woman is much more difficult to handle when Arturo is able to realize. <br /> <br /> Is it clear that Arturo finally finds his inspiration for working on the novel? Is it possible that their love eventually finds its place in the sun? Is it likely that their romance takes an unfortunate turn? <br /> <br /> It is very surprising to find that chemistry between the two main characters, performed by Salma Hayek and Colin Farrell, is not working. The relationship does not have the raw and authentic feelings. Hayek increasingly a character compared to Farrell, forgot to fight Camilla with the passion and power of her once-off brilliant character Frida. It is also difficult to rely on a character who is intelligent but uneducated and illiterate, using rather difficult vocabulary and intricate sentences. A harder character of a Phil Marlowe species will certainly suit Farrell better, even though in a costume it looks a beautiful character, he seems very lost to find the fragile world of a twenty-year-old dreamer balancing between a hidden love and desire to be true. for himself. <br /> <br /> Feeling embarrassed to watch the two on the screen is not right. Their relationship might have been wild, but it is more likely that a thunder and lightning are without storm, far from true passion, feelings just described don't feel inside. It is very sad that such a potential of an interesting script and good actors has been wasted, which is forgotten in a gray average.
