It had been innocent to attend the daily newspapers, as the shooting continued with the failure of a movie. Probably Cruise, the Exec. Prod., Seen what happened and Towne used a lot, much more of the naked footage in the final cut that Towne wanted, to prevent the disaster he saw. (Maybe Cruise even thought of "Titanic".) A Few items: Colin Farrell can't get out of a paper bag. But he is one of the tastes of the decade, a producer's treasure and one is forced to avoid the embarrassment of watching him by not attending his films. He has so many moments to not believe in what he does and you can see it in his eyes. I think he would have been the best film actor at best, even though he is not as rich or familiar as he is now, he plays second banana to dynamic leaders who can act. The trap of spending a lot of money for periods, costumes, cars, etc., and photographing them as if they were just coming from the steamer or car wash / wash. Nobody wants something to look good, well behaved. Or dirty. Is this because the production designer has been told by the line producer to make sure they didn't ruin the stuff, because then would the company pay for the destroyed items? <br /> <br /> It was a story about the thirty people, not a Disney Broadway musical about that era. How to do it in black and white or better, given Caleb Deschanel as your D.P., has uncovered the colors during the mix to represent the real wrath and weakness of times. It must have been a bit depressed to live so desperately as these people did in the Depression. More about Farrell. Did anyone believe for a moment this man was a writer? H. L. Mencken on the wall; Did I see his eyes roll on one point? Hayek and Farrell as a sexually dynamic duo? Send a boy to do a man's job? Perhaps in the book, which I did not read, was the story of an older woman and a youth. I can't dip too deep into the middle of the latter parts of the movie, because I started breaking out early. But the memory of the scenes I've seen made me think that someone is doing a non-amusing parody of a noir movie. Kind of what Saturday Night Live has been like over the past decade: not funny. (In my mind I thought of a Guy Noir sketch, music and everyone.)
