Ned Kelly (Ledger), the notorious Australian ban and legend. Similar to Robin Hood, with a mix of Billy the Kid, Australians love the legend of how he stood up against the English aristocratic oppression, and unite the lower classes to change Australia forever. The fact that the lower classes of the time were about 70% immigrant criminals, seems to be jumping around amidst this film. Indeed, quite a few so-called "facts" in this movie are, on reflection, a little doubtful. <br /> <br /> I think the suspicions should have been when it is claimed in the opening credits that this film is based on the book, Our Sunshine. If ever a romantic version of the truth could be seen in a name for a book, it was. It was not a historical epic, but an adaptation of one of Ned Kelly's questionable legends, though it is a hard and sporadic brutal version. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Ned Kelly is nothing more than a remaining Hallmark channel `real life historical drama 'wannabe! The story is flowing at a frightening pace. This is worrying because there is never such a movie! The sense of numbness after the two-hour pure fool has brought back memories of Costner's terrible Wyatt Earp years ago. Simply put, nothing happens in the movie, but it takes a long time. It might have been a little more bearable if the performances were good (because the direction was probably not). But, unless you are looking for a place to play the game, the worst Oirish accent is, you get disappointed. Between that, the game of `Who has the stupid beard? "," Put the obvious backstabber! " (clue, they are all ginger for some reason), and "Nature in Australia," including lions ". It's an experience similar to a big hangover flashing by Hallmark, The History Channel, Discovery Channel and Neighbors. Yup, nature appears a lot, to fill even more time (possibly an attempt to watch), the film remains relentless game shots, and once all native species are shown, there is a circus around a camel and a lion (used during one battle to try to make us really sorry for the lion as the murdered people). <br /> <br /> It's a tense, emotional piece of historic fluff that had to go straight to TV. There's not even one good word I can say about this movie. Even the usually fantastic Rush seems shy to be here. When one of the characters says there are only 2 bullets for him and his friend, I wish I had a gun to blow any memory of this movie out of my head!
