I can't get past the message of this movie. It is very clearly explained to ignore, and it is obscene because it has lost its meaning. I didn't read the novel, but Pollack's film opened with a scene at a CIA front office in New York. It is broken by two professional killers led by Max von Sydow, who hit the half-dozen about some about some bad. members we know and understand. The staff includes an elderly female receptionist, a discerning elderly professor whose toupee falls when he is shotgun (is it a joke?), And lastly, the beautiful Tina Chen looking up from the copier realizes she is about to to be murdered, and say, sadly brave, "I will not shout." Von Sydow replied sympathetically: "I know." These murders are completely unexpected, cruel, unmotivated by anything we are aware of and graphic. It's a cruel scene. <br /> <br /> There is absolutely no way that von Sydow and his henchman can be redeemed. And yet that's exactly what Pollack is trying to do after the end. <br /> <br /> After killing these innocent good guys, von Sydow switches his sides (because the other side is willing to pay him) and kills the evil mastermind behind a complicated intramural CIA plot. The script then changes him into a perfectly reasonable, sensitive person. "It's better to stay in Europe. Things aren't rushing like that." Or whatever. I swear I didn't make it up. Pollack wants us to believe it is better to be an honest mass murderer than a curvy bureaucrat. That's the message. You should write it down if you forget. Just what kind of psychiatric shambles do you have to be to change common values, don't call common sense, upside down like that? I understand that there are persistent adults who do not like the United States government, even hate it, and see conservative considerations everywhere and give a knee eclipse for otherwise unexplained events. I know people who think like that exist because I call some of them closer to friends. Nevertheless, at some point, this hatred should not increase in intensity, beyond politics or ethics, and in the realm of psychiatry. I don't believe for a moment that a man who kills people for money is better than a sinister government official. I don't care how the killer is pure and cultured or whether he knows how to reach the Louvre on the Metro. Anyone who works this message needs medication or meditation. <br /> <br /> I can argue that production is as rotten as his message, but I can't. It's done pretty well. (In some ways it's worse, because it makes the movie less receptive.) Even New York City looks like photogen on the screen. And it's been a long time since I thought of New York as photogenic. Robert Redford does an admirable job of portraying his character's initial shock and confusion, but then it becomes a telecommunication semi-genius. And man, he doesn't look good! His wardrobe is just right. Even his rimless glasses are getting busy. And she peacoat. Not everyone can make a navy jacket look glamorous. He also looks very attractive, the pigs. I really want to look like that. I want to wear a denim shirt and a tie with such panache. Faye Dunaway is well in her role, but it's not too credible. Will anyone eagerly sleep with a man who just kidnapped her and holds her to the gun? Even though he looks like Redford? Will someone be emotionally wounded when, when this ambivalent relationship is about to end, Redford asked her to tell no one what happened? Cliff Robertson is surprisingly good. He does one or two extremely good double-tasks. The postman is wonderful. The battle between him and Redford in a full apartment is beautifully choreographed and we really don't know how it will come out, because Redford (a book reader after all) seems uneven to the brutal craftiness of this hired robber. This is one of John Housemann's final roles. Pity. He is a magnet on the screen. And what puts an end to his life: a friend finds himself lost, walks in the streets of New York, in an environment most of his life. <br /> <br /> Yes, the movie is very well executed, but I can't ignore that evil, paranoid message. I have the same problem with Leni Riefenstahl's "Triumph of the Will." Or her Olympic documentary in which the announcer looks at a footstep in which Jesse Owens stares and says ominously, "This Negro is dangerous."
