It's hard for me to say so, because I enjoyed so many "Goals" and "Paper Moon", but I thought "The Last Picture Show" was a somewhat fascinating but exaggerated, self-explanatory movie. The most important positive, as far as I'm concerned, is the impressive photography. But for me, the film has nothing to offer the surface beauty (and some kind of hidden beauty). The characters were very difficult to relate to or care about. Actually, you had this very slow pace and this naturalistic style of acting, but it was all there to set up a very formal and predictable story. All the bumps you would expect from a small town of melodrama - all of the boy who is cheating with his teacher's wife to the disabled child to whom everyone is picking up. It was like 'American Graffiti' without the joy of life. Some people may say this movie is more realistic. Currently, many people seem to be the only virtue that a movie can possess. But for me the movie was just oppressive, and I want to see it again so badly that I would like to spend a few hours in the miserable city where the characters live. Perhaps this movie really belongs only to its time - perhaps if I saw it in 1971, I would be impressed by its novelty, just by seeing something else on the screen. But it would basically accept that I have never seen anything like Godard's "Breathless". Perhaps the overt reference to classic films in the film of the movie geek, and helped me to reflect on some of the film's weaknesses. But in the post-Tarantino world, it also doesn't look like it is unique or unique. <br /> <br /> However, it is interesting how he uses the movies in the film to give his own film more depth. We see 3 movies as I remember in the picture show. First, we see Vincente Minnelli's "Father of the Bride". Liz Taylor's beautiful look contrasts with Sonny's girlfriend and Minnelli's studied medium-class contrast to the true life character. Later, Howard Hawks's "Red River" highlights highlight the theme of a broken friendship and protégé friendship. It really reminds me that Bogdanovich kisses his own mentor's buttocks, as much as he did if I remember correctly by choosing a Hawks movie as part of his own screen reverberation with Boris Karloff in "Targets". I think this kind of thing was new in 1971, but it just seems self-forgiveness, like so much of the rest of the movie. <br /> <br /> Eventually I would rather see another movie by Valke, Ford or Minnelli than having Bogdanovich's film, reminding us why they were so striking in such a lesser and subtle way. Perhaps he intends to remind us of the giants whose time has passed - everything he really does reminds us of how small he and most of his contemporaries are.
