We must congratulate your Boll all. He did the unthinkable. He may be the only director to have two movies in the bottom 100 on IMDb! He's like a kind of movie cockroach. No matter how little talent he has, no matter how bad these movies are, he manages to make them. I know, he is financing them all himself through a bizarre German fund, but his ability to keep films despite absolute, complete failure is one of the great mysteries of the universe. <br /> <br /> It wouldn't be that bad, except video game developers are still giving their best features to this guy. I really enjoyed the Alone in the Dark series of games. Even the latest, the New Nightmare, was good for a few hours of play. There was a good movie made out of Edward Carnby's adventures, but it isn't. Now Uwe Boll got his hands on Bloodrayne and Hunter: the Reckoning. What's next, Silent Hill? Doom? I can only imagine the swing that this man will cut through spell-to-movie adjustments if he is not stopped. Someone should take his credit card away, or these video game publishers should be wise and realize that when they make a bad movie out of a game that kills the franchise, no one is interested in that title. <Br /> <br /> Think about it, House of the Dead or Alone in the Dark is a more viable game title? Not at all. A new House of the Dead game comes out for X-Box and no one will care. The title is dead and all because of Uwe Boll. So if any of you know work out there for a game publisher, or a game publisher, or have access to a game publisher ... please. Warn. <br /> <br /> This movie itself is not even worth reviewing. I cannot divorce what I did not have from this rest of the maize over this stack. Literally everything sucks about it. The writing, the acting, the music, the CG effects, the editing. I thought if I waited until it came out on DVD and then rented with low expectations, I wouldn't be disappointed. Boy, was I wrong. Never investigate Uwe's ability to print a large, steaming stack of BOLL sh * t.
