There must be a rule that clearly states that movies like Resident Evil are supposed to be in the spirit of the game, not in the spirit to blow everything up. RE was a survival horror game, and a damn effective one on it, but Paul WS Anderson managed to make it like any other video game movie came together. Alone in the Dark is essentially the same kind of a spirit as Resident Evil, so of course there is the slight hope that the director will succeed in having a piece of the brain to make a horror movie and not a action movie. Instead, Alone in the Dark only proves that there is no hope that video games will become movies. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that it is not supposed to matter, the plot is the biggest of many problems. with the movie. The movie starts with what can only be described as a five-minute scrolling text, which may or may not be important. After a minute, the audience no longer cares, and only by the rest who strikes the object closest to them. Then there's something about an orphanage, a few artefacts, an ancient tribe, some bureaucracy and a few demons. Everyone is so merged that the viewers really can't follow what is going on. Characters move in and out of the plot like candy, some have built up for meaningless deaths. Basically, what I can understand is that some demons have been released, and Edward Carnby (Slater) has some links with them due to an operation given to children in his orphanage, which failed him. He finds an artifact that includes the demons and brings it to an ex-girlfriend anthropologist (Reid), which of course he can have sex with for good reason. Then the hell breaks out, and the couple ends up with a military team led by an asshole commander (Dorff), who apparently has a mutual hatred for Carnby. <br /> <br /> It's all ridiculous, and the reason I don't really understand it is not just because it's complicated and mumbled, but it doesn't really matter to anyone. Instead, I strongly recommend that if you see this movie, bring a tennis ball or something to occupy yourself when the plot confuses you. <br /> <br /> The action scenes in a movie with a plot as horrible as it should at least fix a bit? Too bad, this movie is like any other devastated shit ever made, with enough quick cuts to decapitate a cow's chicks. Since it's based on a horror game, not an action game, it's particularly annoying. <br /> <br /> The first action scene that a man chanby chases from a taxi is one of the worst things I ever had to witness. , and the rest is not so good either. The demons seem somewhat cool, although the fact that they are powder when they are killed has taken away all the effects. Scenes involving many guns, which should be cool to watch, include the grinding fire as the only light source and the camera that seams and panning faster than the head of a cracking addict. It's all the kind of attachment that causes khaki to keep children in bed at night. <br /> <br /> The acting is what I would call calling actors and not letting them do anything. Slater does nothing but sounds important to the whole movie, though he has more talent than he is asleep. The same goes for Dorff, who gets an ungrateful role despite actually having talent (something that has happened to him a lot). Reid is exactly what she needs to be, background sex appeal, as when she tries to act it's a disaster (like the incredibly bad scientist watching what she did in the beginning). In all, this is the type of movie that worries me about future video games movies. If they destroy the spirit, it's just a matter of time before Samus Aran murdered the Middle East with an AK-47 and Tommy Vercetti fights a squadron of aliens. However, unlike Resident Evil, this one does not earn a second chance because I don't think anything can help me forget how terrible this movie is. It is slim, uninteresting and unaware. This is the film equivalent of diarrhea; It's all thrown together, nothing really works and in the end you're just glad it's over. <br /> <br /> TOTAL: 4%
