I usually start by portraying the movie, but before anyone quickly judges my review, let me predict that I am someone who likes the most movies (just watch my other reviews). Alone in the Dark is a film by director Uwe Boll, whose role before that was House of the Dead (2003). Like Alone in the Dark, it was also a movie adaptation of a video game. Almost everyone hated it. Well, I loved it. I even gave it a 10 out of 10! My point to explain it (which will surely shut down some readers right away) is that if I even hated Alone in the Dark, something should be wrong. <br /> <br /> The Premise: Who do I estimate? Attempting to give a presentation to this movie is about as easy as balancing the United States budget, but it does. Some archaeologists have discovered evidence of some lost American Indian tribe. The Indian tribe apparently discovered some means to break out the "second world", which was evil in nature. The bad things wiped them out, but not before they could close the door for the evil world and throw away the key. Later, some scientist / government researcher experimenting with the paranormal, and specifically this strain, decided to experiment on some children to try to produce a kind of hybrid with the second world. (Believe it or not - all this to this point and then we are told in a written prologue to the movie - it's just white text moving over a black screen with a voice over that also reads it for us) . Then there was something about the children who were in an orphanage, but the government took them back, and then a lot of people were looking for archaeological remains, and there were super-men moving around and a lot of military people being called in. and on and off. <br /> <br /> In fact, the breakdown never really stops. It is like an eternal story from hell. There are plenty of ideas here to fill at least 10 movies, maybe 25. But none of them are presented in a coherent way to create one good movie. In addition to the mystically lost Indian tribe and superhuman, we also get monsters that are like a cross between Alien and a werewolf, worms entering your body, into snake-like aliens, underground worms underground, zombies, Starship Trooper-like wars. evil scientists, underground lairs, gold mines, haunting warehouses, impalements, large, mostly unused museums, government conspiracies, golden suitcases pulled out of the sea, nuns, explosions, complex backlogs, a lot of ambiguous romance, car hunters, kitchen sinks. . . Wait, I can't remember if the last one was in the movie. Even more amazing (amusing?), In Fangoria # 240, producer Shawn Williamson is quoted as saying: "We spend a lot more time on the story, is very careful about it." Tara Reid called Alone in the Dark a smarter movie. <br /> <br /> Let me not fool anyone. Many of the above can be nice to the potential audience for this movie, but the problem is that nothing has the slightest connection to anything else. I usually had no idea of ​​any environment's relationship with any other environment, why we were there or what someone did (at least when every scene started). It's just a random mishmash of institutions and clichés, as if director Uwe Boll had 250 unrelated ideas in a hat and pulled them out like lottery numbers. When he finished, he and the editor, Richard Schwadel, decided to cut the film using dice, and then join them again by throwing the I Ching. Sometimes the movie plays like an extended director's rule (which is a combination of short, varied, unrelated scenes that directors circulate to get work), but maybe it's too generous. I'm not sure Boll would get work if it was his rule. <br /> <br /> Just as I tend to like at least most movies, I tend to keep most actors and most performances. It's very rare for me to say that a show was bad. Well, Tara Reid was bad here - and I'm someone who usually likes Reid. I don't know what happened. For a large percentage of the film, they move her like a prop around the set. They might as well have bought an inflatable doll. This would save them money they could use for some CGI ghosts and vampires in castle and cemetery settings. Perhaps they decided to move her around like a nice piece of driftwood after seeing the daily newspapers of her mumble in a monotone usually reserved for entertaining mother-in-law. <br /> <br /> Speaking of that dialogue, play alone in the dark like a Godzilla movie without Godzilla. By that I mean it is very pseudo-scientific gobbledy-gook. At least in Godzilla movies there is a campsite for it, because they know how ridiculous it is, and there is a huge return in that Godzilla can destroy the city center and shoot a giant battle with radioactive death bars from his eyes or something. <br /> <br /> Just what Stephen Dorff and Christian Slater are doing here is hard to say, except to persuade and file lawsuits against their agents. I can't say I thought someone in the movie had a decent performance, though maybe Slater saw the cigar at least. I think it's unprecedented to me. <br /> <br /> However, I haven't given this movie a 1. There was a skilled cinematography, even though Boll and Schwadel made it up and the loud rock sounds about the final credits were good. Heck, even the novel prologue was not that bad. I actually thought the movie had promise at that time. But it may just be the worst movie I've ever seen with a budget of 20 million or more.
