This movie just goes to prove that not every movie made during the glory days of Hollywood is worth seeing. Just because you have an excellent ensemble cast doesn't mean it can overcome a script written by a chimpanzee! Think about it - the movie had Richard Widmark, Lauren Bacall, Charles Boyer, Gloria Graham, Lillian Gish and Paul Stewart and yet it was still a bad movie! The basic premise of the film is not bad - a private psychiatric hospital where the staff is more screwed than the patients! Also the subplot that had the overworking husband and wife (Widmark and Graham) had a lot of promise. However, the script was handled with all the finesse and deftness of a drunken buffalo - with bellicose and road over and over again in the movie. In fact, it was less like a drama and more like a very bad episode of "General Hospital". Subtle, this movie is not !! Realistic, this movie is not !! <br /> <br /> While most of the reasons for this movie were, the horrific screenplay was, but I also blame the producers for the abuse and abuse of veteran actors. For example, Paul Stewart may not be a household name, but this character actor had extraordinary talent - especially if he was playing gangs in Film Noir movies. Yet Stewart is thrown as a very dissatisfied psychiatrist with a bizarre European accent. It just didn't work, as it was well outside his scene and his character was completely undeveloped and one-dimensional. In addition, Charles Boyer was merely hopeless and completely out of place. To see this fine romantic actor as a psychiatrist in the heartland of America just seemed strange. <br /> Overall, this is a very horrible movie. It is very visible in a train wreck, but it is certainly not very nice. My wife and I did not like much of the movie, but also felt it could have been very good if the writing were capable. <br /> <br /> PS - In the case of art that mimics life, Oscar Levant played one of the patients. . In real life, the brilliant Levant spent much of his life in and out of spiritual institutions.
