First of all, I would like to point out that this film has absolutely nothing to do with the Dutch folklore story of the ghost ship which is also called the FLYING DUTCHMAN. In this movie you don't see a single sailboat. You won't see sailors, ghosts or anything else exciting. This is not the story of the ghost ship, and I wish they had informed it in the main credits or I wouldn't have watched it, because I really thought it was the movie about the legend. Many people seem to think the movie is about the ghost ship's legend, as the movie is listed on the Wikipedia page for the "Flying Dutchman" legend. I don't understand why. Maybe it's based on the song called "The Wandering Jew"? Or maybe they just adjusted the worst parts of the legend? The movie starts with a battle series that makes someone hope the movie will have screenshots. Unfortunately, this is the only battle scene of the movie. Then you see Daniel Emilfork (who was Crank in the City of Lost Children) about two seconds, and that will make someone hope the movie will perform well. Unfortunately, he is very bad in the film. The same can be said of Italian actor Nino Manfredi, who was once one of Italia's best actors and who is condemned here to personalize a mad bird wrangler with no back story. The only purpose is to be the "wise man" of the film. And boy, does the movie need wisdom! Every other character of the story seems to enjoy swimming in exchange, shouting, torturing others (in feces), fornicating (in faeces) or in the outpouring even more just for the pleasure of it. It seems so nice that every character gets the story of dropping his or her turn at one time or another. From a Dutch director you can think that extreme filth and shockingly true filth are essential elements in a period that led to elements of the film of the Dutch film, Paul Verhoeven, "Flesh + Blood", so is a good movie. The idea of ​​"Meat + Blood" will make someone hope that a movie that is also dirty and visually straight ahead will be good. Unfortunately, unlike "Meat + Blood", there is no dramatic progress, no fighting, no good acting, and simple, no "flesh and blood". Photography, as the opening sequence unfolds, is well done and seductive. It also stops very early in the film. The music, by Nicola Piovani (from "La vità e bella" fame) is repetitive and annoying, when it is not irrelevant (it sometimes implies that there is grandeur in a row, while the actors on the screen splash in liquid fog ). During the first "act" of the movie, which takes no less than an hour (!), Find the movie within the same perimeter. It is around the farm where the main characters live. The characters play with excretion, drown in it, play in it. A long time passes through numerous ellipses around the main character, a young boy who loves to play, make older and play even more. The birdman speaks a lot to say foolish things in Italian. Spanish conquistadors speak French. Nothing makes sense. Everything is confused and takes hours to happen. Then there is a second act called "the ship", in which we see what a ship has been a long time ago, but what are the remains of a ship (covered with feces I called?). The main character, while walking a little further away from the farm, just happens to run into it and decides it's really cool so we stay in it. The breaker who used to live in it tried to kill him, but he didn't really care, because (did I mention?) He wasn't very bright. He thinks the ship can follow up and hopes to sail through it until more conquistadors have acted (at least it was conquistadors because of the Don Quixote styles hats, but as I said it was really confused who's who), they did Hollander a prisoner, along with the delayed hunchback, and they burn the ship on the ground. The last part of the film, which is very difficult for the spectator to wear, because it only consists of even more outbursts with even more delayed middle-aged farmers fighting, finds itself in a crazy asylum. More torture and drowning with faeces. Even more appealing to the director, who apparently surrendered to his work, or passed the second camera assistant to do the rest of the work. Eventually, many of the spiritually-challenged new "friends" killed the Dutch. The woman with whom he was with his brother's wife tried to meet him. The Dutchman and his son are talking. The film ends after two hours of dull images and calamitic acting and technical performances. Then the credits role and the spectator are very free not to see horrible movies without a plot pretending to be exciting like fantasy films based on legends, while being nothing but a mere catalog of how little eruptions some movies can get when they do not have enough finance to fight horses.
