The same night I watched, I also watched "Scary Movie 4", which made it a dual feature. Unfortunately, for these killer tomatoes, they can't stand the scary movie franchise. As I was boring here, I watched jokes that were stupid and stupid, brutally dated and cruel, the more recent parody laughed me out loud. How can I desire more than that? Director John De Bello uses the basic premise that some growth hormone went awry and turned the tomatoes into murderers. But his main goal here is to hit the disaster movie genre that was so great in the day. The script series of stoner humor, and perhaps if you take illegal substances with your movie nights, can be your cup of tea. I, soberly, stuck and watched a grown man under the cover like a tomato. And that one joke, it's never funny, where the inconsistency between the Japanese speaking actor and the voice is over too. Some may giggle, I don't. They even had a Hitler joke that wasn't funny, and I thought all Hitler jokes were funny. <br /> <br /> The story of this movie is so split (for no good reason) that it's almost impossible to explain. Tomatoes killed people, the government is trying to stop it, bad jokes are being told. Their goal may have been correct, as their targets include media, consumerism and paranoia (three things that still control our lives today). Oddly, the main selling point of this movie, those Gosh Darn tomatoes, is not much of an appearance. And when they do, get it, they are played by real tomatoes. The excitement has not done anything to me, because I get very little to watch a pack of tomatoes devour a body thanks to the magic of a stop-action camera trick. There is also a fear of breaking at work, which prevents this movie from being really funny. The ghost that someone falls asleep in virtually every scene can enjoy some heartache, but more than likely, it will be seen as an invitation to join the fun. <br /> <br /> I can also add that there seems to be an old-fashioned human egoism here. Man eats tomato and it is dinner, tomato eats man and it is a global catastrophe. But that's just the way the world works. In the film, the product becomes angry because of genetic modification, but in the real world our products (see Taco Bell) become angry because of neglect. And as the evil one does a green onion, this film's shelf life has long since expired. There are some good chuckles to have. The last shot was really brilliant, but it was nowhere near enough to save this temperate stink bomb. I'm pretty sure there's a good film buried deep within this concept, but the writing needs to be reviewed by about a dozen to get there. And by "there" I mean the level of "Scary Movie 4." ** 01/01
