If you make a self-known fine producer of cult cinema and / or bad movies, is there a certain point in life? preferably earlier than later? that you should look at "Attack of the Killer Tomatoes". This is an inevitable certainty because it is one of the most notorious terrible cult movies ever made. However, one small but essential detail is that "Assassination of the Killer Tomatoes" is deliberately terrible. From the opening message, although Alfred Hitchcock's "The Birds" is mocked, it is clear as a zero-gritty parody, and I can't leave the impression that author / director John De Bello never expected his film to be such a hit no. . The film spoils the current popular trend of so-called "eco-horror" movies (plants, animals and nature in general against humanity) and introduces the least threatening type of plantable imaginable as insatiable killing machines. A secret government agriculture project to produce bigger and tastier tomatoes goes awry and there are soon reports of tomato attacks from all over the country. The president puts together a team of special forces to fight the juicy enemy, which includes secret agents with very specific areas of expertise and horrific voice scientists. The first half hour of the "Assassination of the Killer Tomatoes" is very entertaining. Just as stupid as it is, is the view of usually shaped vegetables that leap out of the sink and attacking hysterical housewives very original and funny. The first half hour also includes many unforgettable moments such as the catchy theme song, the "Jaws" audience and the infamous unforeseen helicopter crash (see the trivia section for more details) that made it the final cut. After that, however, the whole thing becomes a boring, unstructured and unbeatable amateur mess. The quality of the jokes goes from fresh and inventive to embarrassment and straight, not funny and there are too many characters and sub-graphs. Personally, I prefer the pursuits of the late 80s and early 90s (which I saw before they saw the original), because they benefit from slightly better production values, incredible over-the-top tomato special effects and the presence of veteran actor John Astin ("The Addams Family") as the mad scientist dr. Gangrene. But, as mentioned before, the original unexplained compulsory reading material remains at some point in your life.
