*** Warning - this review contains "plot spoilers", but nothing can "spoil" this movie more than it already is. It's really that bad. *** <br /> <br /> Before I start, I want to let everyone know that it's definitely one of those incredibly bad movies. If you have a sad mood and need a very hearty laugh, this is the movie for you. Now without a doubt, my review: <br /> <br /> This movie was found in a bargain at Wal-Mart. This should be the first idea of ​​how good it is for a movie. Secondly, it is the star action star Dolph Lundgren. This should be the second idea of ​​how good it is for a movie. I'm still shocked that it's even put on DVD (who would waste their money, do something like that?), But as you might think, there's no extras or bonus material on the DVD. In fact, there is not even a menu; the movie just starts to play. <br /> <br /> First, the author deserves to be tortured and murdered for this movie. It has one of the worst scripts ever written and plagued with terrible one-liners; remarkably incredible, false dialogue; and inappropriate comments (like Lee's comment on Lundgren's err manhood, which I will mention later). There is not a single genuine sound line in the whole movie. The dialogue and plot go hand in hand, as the writing and make both progress in a totally stupid manner. The two police hate each other without a clear reason at the beginning, and then again for no reason, Lee's character moves over to the side of the road, walks to the other side of the car and says: I am Me will not let you go alone, because despite myself I love you! And I don't want to see you being murdered! '. or something to the extent, anyway. There are disgusting one-liners, mostly told by Lee. For example, when you hand it out with a bad guy, Lee says, "You have the right to remain silent. You have the right to be dead! "Lastly, I mention the totally inappropriate and nonsensical comments that Lee makes about Lundgren's neck regions. When bad guys start attacking after a seemingly random love show between Lundgren and Carrere, and Lundgren decides to fight them in his underwear, Lee says to him: "If we die, I just want to let you know you are the biggest Dick I have ever seen a man. "Yes, he actually says. It doesn't make sense and isn't even possible (Lee never actually sees Lundgren, so how will he know?) But the author threw it anyway in the writing. whole movie looks like a kind of action video game, and Lee even admits it.After Lee and the lingerie only Lundgren defeats all the bad guys, Lee makes a comment that is also really beautiful: "Wow, it's like a video game; we just defeated the first wave! <br /> <br /> Secondly, the plot of this movie is contemptuous. In my opinion, it is mainly due to the fact that it just doesn't exist. The wizard for this movie - which is by the way of IMDb review - seems to be about two men trying to stop the Japanese Yakuza from taking over Lost Angeles. However, this is very misleading, as the movie has almost nothing to do with it. They make very short, vague references to the Yakuza, who are trying to start a methamphetamine business with local drug dealers, but the whole film ACTUALLY turns to a poorly written attempt by Kenner (Lundgren's character) to avenge the death of his parents . Yakuza leader (named Yoshida) killed when he was only 9 years old. The whole plot can basically be summarized as follows: Yoshida wants to kill Kenner, Kenner wants to kill Yoshida, and the two try to kill each other. And of course, Kenner's sarcastic sidekick (called Johnny and played by Brandon Lee) acts like an ignorant idiot, and Tia Carrere gets naked. two times. <br /> <br /> The acting is one of the worst parts of the whole movie. The dialogue is so unrealistic, and their utterly sincere portrayal emphasizes it even more. However, you will expect the poor to act in any case from action stars, but this movie highlights some of the most unimaginable bad plays ever recorded. <br /> <br /> Finally, we come to the heart of the movie's basics: the terribly bad action. There are so many incredible, unrealistic action sequences in this movie. It's just amazing that they've managed to fit them all in. Although Lee also has his fair share of bad scenes, most of the real-life action is Lundgren. For example, Lundgren casually takes four or five Kung Fu bad guys one handed, without wasting his tea. Then, when it is surprised by an upcoming speed vehicle, Lundgren suddenly jumps over it. Or how about when he reaches through a closed door, the villain, on the other hand, grabs him back through the door and strikes him? Or, if he picks up Tia Carrere, he goes back through a glass door that falls around him, and jumps to a one-storey height while Tia is still in the arm, and then lifts a whole car without the slightest effort and uses it as a barricade to protect them from bullets? All the shameless shooting battles are also terrible, with Lundgren and Lee instantly killing every bad man, while the rain of bullets of their fifty attackers never touches one of them. This is, of course, the final battle show of the movie. Lundgren gets a blank point in his bare chest in an area that even if he could miss his heart, immediately started filling lungs with blood and killing him within seconds. Despite this, Lundgren remains in a leading position and runs it in the middle of a parade with Yoshida, the evil super villain. And of course, the passing people in the parade dressed as samurai carry REAL, fully sharp katanas, which use the two to fight sword. In addition to his bullet wound, Lundgren gets several deep discs in his chest and arms. Does this stop him? No, of course not! In fact, a few seconds later after killing the evil Yoshida (being nailed to a dartboard-like wheel and being blown into the flames without fear), Lundgren walks freely with Tia and Lee as if he were not injured at all no. . God, it's terrible. <br /> <br /> All these factors are then mixed every five minutes with a completely unnecessary, free postgraduate scene, including topless women at a party, the prelude of a topless woman, women at a strip club, naked women at a Japanese spa, and the useless hot tub and love scene with Tia. Not to mention the trip to the bizarre sushi bar, at which rich Japanese men eat sushi from naked women. What, incidentally, asks Lee to say with false false enthusiasm that after defeating the bad people, he and Lundgren will eat fish from those naked chicks! 'What is followed by an alarmingly high five. And we can't forget the horrible editing, like when the villains caught a man in a car in a junk park, and the editors left in a very obvious look at a stamped copy. The credits also cite a huge list of stunt workers, which means that much of the action is probably not done by the movie grounds. <br /> <br /> In the end, this movie itself ends with copper badness. It is illogical and impossible, and as a result remarkably entertaining. If you are looking for any kind of considerate theater, this movie will make you die. If you're looking for a good laugh and a good time with the bad movie, this movie will delight you. As a real movie I earn this movie a 0.5 out of 10. As an entertaining way to waste an hour and eighteen minutes, this beauty takes the cake.
