The funny sound you can hear when you see the obvious version of Jules Verne's classic journey to the center of the earth is Verne turning into his grave. The only thing about these 80 minutes opus that has something to do with "Travel to the Center of the Earth" is the title. Otherwise, everything else in this ill-considered production is new and not worth looking at. In fact, the director wrote here at IMDb.COM that he was only eight minutes away from the "Journey to the Center of the Earth" and the studio went on part of the sequel to "Dollman", Helmer Albert Pyun. his own "Alien from LA" with Kathy Ireland. Apparently the producers ran out of money and solved contractual obligations overseas. They implanted Pyun's successor to the Rusty Lemorande movie. Please, don't rent or buy this miserable piece of garbage. <br /> <br /> Contrary to director Henry Levin's "Journey to the Center" era (1959) with James Mason and Pat Boone, Lemorande's "Journey to the Center of the Earth" finds in the current place in Hawaii. Two girls, a British nanny and a dog are just being collected for the adventure of a lifetime. Richard (Paul Carafotes of "Blind Date") and his comic book obsession Bryan (Ilan Mitchell-Smith of "Weird Science") go out to explore a cave. The heroine, Crystina (Nicola Cowper from "Underworld"), is working for a domestic service called "Nannies R Us." Being a nanny was Crystina's lifelong dream, but she made less of all five of her nanny jobs. Nevertheless, her accompanying supervisor sends me. Ferry (Lynda Marshall from Africa Express) to Hawaii. Crystina's new client, rock star Billy Foul (Doomsday's "Jeremy Crutchley") who is planning one last concert to revive his flagship, has a dog named Bernard. Foul wants Crystina to take Bernard to a doggie day spa. Crystina waits for the arrival of her taxi when a careless car driver accidentally puts the basket that Bernard hides in Richard's jeep. You see, Foul hid his dogs in a basket because motel management bans animals on their premises. Foul disguised the dog as a human baby. Anyway, Crystina catches a taxi and says the driver follows Richard. <br /> <br /> After catching them to get her dog, the cabbie crawls away and leaves her. Crystina demands that Richard drive her back to town, but he has other plans. Unfortunately, Crystina comes with the guys and they get lost and find themselves in the lost city of Atlantis, a police state controlled by a dictator in the middle of the Earth. The rulers of Atlantis repeatedly inform their citizens that life on the surface does not exist. Our heroes and heroine almost accidentally stumble upon Atlantis. Atlantis looks like a disco and everyone seems to be straight from a punk rock opera. The ruler of Atlantis, General Rykov (Janet Du Plessis of Operation Hit Squad) orchestrates an attack on the surface with first-person clones, Wanda Saknussemm (Kathy Ireland of Required Roughness), to visit Atlantis. Predictably, General Rykov's efforts to rule Atlantis and overthrow the Earth fail, and our heroes and heroine save the day. <br /> <br /> "Traveling to the Center of the Earth" is an abomination. The film seems to be a comedy despite its superficial satire over dictatorships. Albert Pyun is one of my favorite low budget action directors, but he blasted it on this lightweight shambles of a science fiction saga.
