Traveling to the center of the earth is the story of some of Hawaii's tourists, three of their brothers and sisters, and one of them a young British kid who is a dog to a baby. When the brothers and sisters accidentally drive into their jeep with the basket of dog biscuits, the nanny follows them (it can only be safer to buy more) to the cave that the brothers and sisters intended to explore. For some reason they actually go into the cave and then, when the place starts moving in, they try to get out, except for the six-year-old sister telling them to get help. Meanwhile, the more they move into the cave, the more they continue further to the earth's hollow core. And look, this is where they find the city of Atlantis and its bizarre alien residents living under the oppressive rule of one stranger. They don't want them asking many questions about the outside world of their own. <br /> <br /> I see that Rusty Lemorande, the film's director mentioned, commented on this film explaining that part of the last half of this movie is actually the successor to Alien in LA. Well, no matter what, it was an incredibly cheap movie that I would only rank a little higher than City Limits (a 1988 sci-fi movie that was also made on a non-existent budget), because at least the end of this horrible piece of mostly incoherent film-making that cuts angles It can be humor and entertainment in the last 20 minutes if we finally see life in the alien world in the middle of the earth. I also give it a two star rating rather than one because it was sometimes funny, even if it was only in its subtleties. For example, the strangers ask the British girl if she is a stranger and she explains that the ministry should send her work visa soon. Or when the strange girl finds Bryan and explains that he is in the city of Altantis and he fails it for Atlantic City, New Jersey. Small things like this make the idiot of the first hour or so tolerant. Imagine how big the movie could have been if they had 1) actually intended to make it, and 2) actually had money to make it. <br /> <br /> I love how in the end no one wonders What happened to the little sister who was turned away in the beginning to get help. You just wander around the Hawaiian caves and not too far from the erupting volcano, you think.
