Lame movie. Totally uninteresting. No chemistry between Indiana Jones and the Black Hawk Down man. The car chase scene just goes on and on and on ad nauseum. They drive vehicles a few times, but always end up right on the tail of the bad things. The scene where Hartnett grabbed the family's car with the crying children in the back was just as stupid as it could be. He tells them about Eastern philosophy and how it is right to die, which I think the authors thought it was funny or even funny. It came just like moronies, totally unbelievable and even cruel. <br /> <br /> Some subplots were not even explored, they were only used as filler. Why does Hartnett get sick of looking dead, but still keep civilians in crime scenes? Why, and on what grounds, was the bad IA man suddenly arrested by the head of the blue? Why can I pick up the brokers and then just let them answer their phones or pretend they are Indian mystics and then let them waltz out of it without as much as a bang on the wrist? For some reason, though Ford is exposed as a fraud and fraud if he acts as a broker (he prizes when he tries to sell the producer's house to raise his own commission), they stay back to him. . anyway! They knew he lied to both of them! Yet, they were both saying they would never go. Dumb, not stupid. It is also one of the cop films where they only burn on public streets, without caring in the world for innocent bystanders. There they were, but just stood on the pavement while people sat down for cover. Surprisingly they didn't hit a single person after firing about 60 laps. <br /> <br /> The screenplay was horrible, the action ranges were boring, the plot was just a sidestory for a very pathetic effort to let us root Ford and Hartnett. Failed to fail. And Ford's phone! Turn the damn thing off! How many times can it ring in a 2-hour movie? 50? 60? This was frustrated by the centerpiece of the movie! Every 30 seconds that stupid melody will play! And if it wasn't Ford's, Hartnet's rings were! It was incredibly annoying! <br /> <br /> Full time wasting, Ford's worst movie since 7 days 7 nights, which was without a doubt the lowest point of its particular career.
