Well, this movie made me feel so strong that I signed up for an IMDb account to just warn people. This is remarkably terrible !! Nothing makes sense in this movie. There are too many subplots for a start. Josh Hartnett's character is an aspiring actor and yoga instructor, as well as a police officer who apparently goes far beyond what he lives, and teaches yoga only to hot girls (some of whom are waiting naked in his jacuzzi for his return from the work). Add to this the fact that his father was killed by a crooked policeman who appeared to be just in the current crime being investigated by the unfortunate duo. Harrison Ford's character is selling side-by-side real estate and sleeping with the Internal Affairs ex-wife's investigating officer who undergoes a psychological radio show calling Ford's character from time to time. NONSENSE !! <br /> <br /> I can't remember the characters' names, so I'll call it Ford and Hartnett. <br /> <br /> Then there's the dialogue that's brutal. I mean cringe-inducing stuff here. Throw each cliché in the book (with a grief in a dark bar during the day over a drink where the barman knows his name; the duo is being investigated by internal affairs (why?); Hartnett confronts his father's killer) and you have one hell of a mess. <br /> <br /> As I mentioned, the plot is boring and continuity does not exist: 1) When Ford's car is taken back, how hell does the repo guys know where it will be parked? Were they following him? 2) When Hartnett goes to the mortuary, and it just happens that the only idea of ​​the crime scene (an earring) placed on the charred bodies there (it was happy!) 3) When the two are arrested and caught up for questioning - Ford answers his phone and Hartnett "centers himself" with a yoga bag on the table. Instead of taking off the phone from Ford, the IA guy waits to call each time and then tries to grab it from the table before Ford does. Meanwhile, the female IA officer with Hartnett rubs her over him. Then, inexplicably, the two are released without answering any questions. 4) In the car hunt Hartnet's car is cracked and beaten in Hollywood, but then the car is suddenly perfect again. Not a scratch! 5) When Ford chases the bad guy in the building and he gets in the elevator how hell does he know which floor the bad guy came across? 6) When the two chase the bad man in Hartnett's car, Ford is trying to sign a property deal. Come on! 7) The bad man is the most unconvincing record ever. His motivation to kill an aspiring group of rappers on his label? They may leave his label and it is a warning to keep his other groups loyal. But hang on, how does he ever sign someone with that business plan? 8) Why is the IA man investigating the fact that Ford was finally arrested? There is no explanation! 9) And Hartnett gets his "play" to finally use the bad guy. <br /> <br /> I can keep going, I really can. Anyone who looks deeper into this movie, as an upright action comedy, needs to look their head, because that's all it is. There is nothing else! It is not supposed to be satirical or ironic. It's just crap.
