Literally, every aspect of this science fiction low-budget movie falls under the categories classified for its predecessors, peers, and those following. Bad special effects, a bad storyline, ridiculous amounts of blood and gore, annoying and useless characters, all you can expect. "Attack of the Sabretooth" is about a new holiday resort where the owners are genetic engineering Smilodon cats for attraction. The cats escape and start killing people. The man who performs the show wants to save them and not warn the unsuspecting visitors about them. There are a number of visitors and some employees who rebel and plan to kill the cats. <br /> <br /> Special effects mode, the movie is about an average performance that has given its budget. The sabretooths are depicted by poor CGI. Incredibly, however, the cats look more realistic in an open, detailed shot rather than the longer, more distant shots where the CGI is better hidden. Their attacks are recklessly bloody and unpleasant. Just as you would expect, they attack, pull down arms and legs and leave little behind. This is part of the reason why the movie is falling into poor chimes. <br /> <br /> The plot and characters are just as terrible. We have some college kids coming to the island and they are planning a scavenger hunt. And take it very, VERY seriously. Even as much as breaking on private property, tampering with and stealing security systems. Why do they take a simple game so seriously? Did I miss something? Was there money involved? Or were they sent to do this? I don't know, I could hardly follow the movie. But it seemed to me they were just doing it. Yet they went too far for the normal. <br /> <br /> "Attack of the Sabretooth" is a very poor film. Even for a low-budget sci-fi flick, it's a very poor and inexpensive example. It will wear most viewers to tears, may be appealing to some, and make your face and laugh all the way through. And remember, it's not a comedy, it's a cheap horrorflick, so it's not supposed to be comic.
