Three giant sabretooth tigers (created in a mitochondrial DNA laboratory, a "genetic breakthrough" derived from fossil material) are accidentally released by a series of events (such as a computer-flavored virus to secure security). unlocking measures to keep the resort, new stores closed during construction and a security guard left a gate open while looking for the missing page of a bustling porn force that the lives of those which comes into contact with it. The tigers are always hungry, but cannot digest what they eat. So the tigers are just tapping their prey to cut. Victims include a group of college children (the stereotypes include a goth girl, jock and tech nerd), security staff, and the somewhat-developed rich skeletons that we can easily despise and desire terrible death. <br /> <br /> With a series of bad sci-fi channel flashes, the attack of the Sabretooth has some of the most miserable computer simulated animals I've ever seen. And the final set of deaths is so carelessly offered, you will spend the deepest recesses of your soul the time on this really terrible exercise in the creature-function cannon. There are some good dark humor arising from the heads torn from the neck, but even here the prosthetic work is inconclusive. Prosthetic body parts and blood abundant as victims are called, crying for help and receiving none. I start to sound like a broken record and repeat myself in every user's comment I write for this sci-fi channel flash. I think maybe it's time to go to other types of theater. Robert Carradine has a role as a ruthless businessman who, by his truly apostate son-in-law, Nicholas Bell, becomes the first opening of 'Primal Park', a resort / zoo with genetically created sabretooth tigers, as a major attraction. Stacy Haiduk, still nice, is a security officer trying to convince Bell to get the investors he hopes to go in to put money into his multi-million dollar project to leave the island. Brian Wimmer is Haiduck's lover and his role is a mechanic who manages operations. <br /> <br /> Bell's fate at the end, due to a detached tooth of a sabretooth tiger statue, is the well. Carradine spends much of the movie Bell, his bow nemesis. The tiger's point of view shows people in a bright color as they move towards them. The movie eventually consists of characters flowing through dark corridors (the virus's virus cut off the power). They are concerned about their safety. The college kids commit to breaking and entering to get certain items needed. (This is a kind of activity a hunter hunting) to enter a brotherhood. The role players who play these kids do not rise more than their clips.
