The film begins with a manager (Nicholas Bell) who welcomes investors (Robert Carradine) to Primal Park. A secret project that is a primary animal using fossilized DNA, such as ¨ Jurassik Park¨, and a few scientists relive one of nature's most terrifying predators, the Sabretooth tiger or Smilodon. However, scientific ambition becomes deadly and when the high-voltage gate is opened, the creatures escape and start testing its robbers - human visitors, tourists and scientists. Meanwhile, some young people enter the restricted area of ​​the security center and are attacked by a pack of large prehistoric animals that are lethal and larger. In addition, a security agent (Stacy Haiduk) and her partner (Brian Wimmer) are barely fighting the carnivorous Smilodons. The Sabretooths, of course, are the right stars and they are amazing, but it's incredible. The giant animals are rushing their prey and the group is running down and fighting against one of nature's most terrifying predators. Furthermore, a third makes Sabretooth more dangerous and slower victims. <br /> <br /> The movie delivers lots of blood and gore as beheading, hair-raising cold fever, full of scarecrows when the Sabretooths appear with mediocre special effects. The story offers exciting and moving entertainment, but it's pretty boring. The giant animals are the majority of computer generators and seem quite common. Medium Effects, although players respond appropriately to become food. Actors give powerful physical performances that kill, run, bind and jump or hang animals over walls. And it takes a ridiculous final deadly scene. No for small children through realistic, greedy and violent attacks. Other films about Sabretooths or Smilodon are the following: ¨Sabretooth (2002) ¨ by James R Hickox with Vanessa Angel, David Keith and John Rhys Davies and the much better ¨10.000 BC (2006) ¨ by Roland Emmerich with Steven Strait, Cliff Curtis and Camilla Belle. This film full of bloody moments is badly addressed by George Miller and without originality because it takes too many elements from previous films. Miller is an Australian director who usually works for television (tidal wave, travels to the center of the earth and many others) and occasionally for movies (the man from Snowy River, Zeus and Roxanne, Robinson Crusoe). Rating: Below average, bottom of the barrel.
