It gives me a score of 3 is NOT what I would give the original Soviet version of this movie. American-International (a studio specializing in ultra-low budget food in the 60's) seems to have bought this film and completely destroyed it - a two-hour movie cut into a 64-minute movie! Plus, many of these 64 minutes were new material (like the "monsters") - so you know this movie has almost no resemblance to the original. The original movie seems to be a straight drama about Soviet space conquest - although I'm really not sure what it was originally! For insight into the original movie, read Steven Nyland's review - it was very helpful. <br /> <br /> By the way, it was the third Soviet sci movie I saw that American-International bought and then slashed to make a "new" standard film practice for a company that prepared was just putting anything on the screen to make a goat - of course, it doesn't cost much more than a goat in the first place !! This American film was about two competing world powers (NOT the US and the Soviet Union) who were first to Mars. The tough "bad guys" try but fail and the "good guys" save one of the idiot astronauts and then to Mars. Unfortunately, they are temporarily stranded on a Mars Moon where they have a few samples (added by American International) that are REAAALLY cheesy and one doesn't match a certain part of a woman's anatomy. Then they are saved - returning to the heroes of the Earth. <br /> <br /> The bottom line is that the movie has been slaughtered - transforming an amazingly beautiful artwork (for the time being) into a C grade movie. As a result, the Soviets really had a reason to hate America! I'm just shocked that the horrible work I've done with this movie didn't convince them to refuse to sell more movies to this movie! It is worth looking for a laugh, but the very bad moments that make you laugh are few and far between. So, the movie is a dud - not bad enough to be a must-see for bad movie buffs and to be taken seriously. I really would like to see this movie in its original form - it had to be a little bit of a picture.
