Monster is an indignation of a bad American concrete factory (is there different in Hollywood?), Polluting the waters of the small Colombian village of Chimayo, or somehow creating a catfish-like animal with a love for lamb and loose women . James Mitchum is Bill Travis, the man sent to Chimayo by his dirty mouth boss, Barnes, who can't keep himself from his secretary's hands coming to the bottom of the story. While in Chimayo Bill must fight with an annoying reporter who apparently sends all her stories into perfect English directly to America. I think in the seventies there was a market for news from small South American towns. There is also a radical name Sanchez who wants to sabotage the factory to pollute the water that the town also provides for locals, but why the cold sad economy gets in the way of touch enviro-marxism. Pete, the factory boss, is unaware of the monster when he has sex with his ex-girlfriend on the beach, tells her he sees the mayor's daughter Juanita and it's passed between them, then she was soon eaten that night. A little side action without the evidence. My hat is for you, sir. John Carradine around the cast as a priest who believes that the monster is being sent by God to punish sinners. You can see the contempt he has in this movie in his face. He can also film him to swap to the local currency to see if his check doesn't refuse. <br /> <br /> Suppose it is based on a true story, so much so that they say it twice in the opening credits, this movie is terrible on all fronts. Filming started in 1971 and was abandoned up to eight years later when Kenneth Hartford put his foot on Monster's throat by adding his two annoying kids as new characters, and even his daughter, Andrea, in the best bill with Mitchum and Carradine set up. The sound quality is non-existent and most of the screens seem to have been tarred over the camera before being filmed. It is made even more boring during the many scenes done at night. The monster itself is laughing, as it produces its ugly rubbery head for the anti-climatic end. James Mitchum with his brother Chris is proving that nepotism should be curtailed in the acting industry. Completely uncompromising drink. Sorry for your John Carradine.
