In a summer that also boasts such indifferent stinkers such as Snakes on a Plane and The Da Vinci Code, it's a very bold statement. But I'm standing by. Superman Returns, like King Kong 6 months before, are overblown, hyper-indulgent and with CGI to the eyeballs. My God, these things do my head. <br /> <br /> Richard Donner had the idea of ​​keeping it up for his 2 outings. And I find his approach to the special and optical effects most appropriate. Brian Singer is bombarding us with so much CGI that it really takes you out of the story and constantly reminds you that you're looking at a wannabe blockbuster who thinks the only way to impress an audience is to spend $ 250m (a totally irresponsible amount of money) on unpleasant visual effects that do not remain in the hype. We've seen everything and are everywhere CGI can take us. There is no real atmosphere or involvement in this. And for a movie that contains 95% of this crap, it's good. You invented it. <br /> <br /> I read so many reviews of fanboy critics about how the movie "soul" or "human heart" or "soft character moments". Puh-lease! We've already had breeding superheroes screaming: "You will love me if you already know who I am, a few times in recent years, and SR offers absolutely nothing new in this regard. Even the plot has been recycled rubbish Lex Luthor (a severely discarded and hammy Kevin Spacey) who wanted to plunder the landmass of America, has already been done in the first film! And it is your fate! It's amazing that they've managed to get rid of this litter. Sign up to 2.5 painful hours, even if the throw was equivalent, it would make it less unbearable, but Brandon Routh's personal character of a mahogany hat, Kate Bosworth is totally unconvincing as a Pulitzer-winning journalist. is as usual 250% wood and Kevin Spacey really needs to dismiss his agent or get some better judgment.The only cast member I liked was the beautiful Parker Posey, but I'm in strange girls. <br /> < br /> Every year, movies like this become bigger and more bombastic. Soon we will have $ 300 million movies. Studios need to realize that they may have to start looking down instead of looking up. For all the money that Warner spent on this heap of shit, for all the resources that this movie costs to make ... was it worth it? In my opinion, definitely not! This garbage gave me life for Superman!
