First, just let me comment on what I like about the movie. The special effects were fantastic, and very rarely did I feel like I was watching a video game. There it is the last nice thing to say about this movie. In fact, like everyone else, I want to read it to note that I can't even say how difficult it was to write this review without cursing. <br /> <br /> I have countless complaints about the movie, but four big complaints are in mind. My first big complaint has to do with the amazing cheesiness of the "plot twist" (if you can call it, as most people have probably seen it, come a mile away) where the 5-year-old son of Lois seems to be Superman's super-powered child. When the crying superchild throws a piano at Lex's henchman to save his mother, I almost got up and left the theater. Sanger could have made a much better Superman movie without using cheap gimmicks like a seemingly fragile but latent super-powered out-of-court child. It's been 5 days since I saw the movie and I still want to vomit. <br /> <br /> My next big complaint is the fact that Superman raises a continent from crawl to outer space. It doesn't take the Simpsons cartoon man to point out what's wrong. I don't know how many cartoons Brian Singer has read, but when Superman is exposed to even a small amount of kryptonite, he hardly has the power to stay on his feet. Anyone who had the idea of ​​making him fly, made a big island that was put out of his greatest weakness in space. No business has ever been associated with any Superman-related projects. The concept is as ridiculous as making a Dracula movie where the title character has a game through his heart and still manages to fly a spaceship out of garlic in the sun. Why didn't Superman just eat kryptonite? He can eat it and then brush his teeth with it, and then go to sleep in kryptonite pajamas. It is no longer absurd, then he must lift a continent's kryptonite into space and then fall powerlessly through the atmosphere without splashing into the interior of the park when he hits the ground. <br /> <br /> My third major complaint relates to the fact that Singer dropped filmmakers face-to-face with religious symbolism. I have to reach out with his characterization of Superman as the only son of a God-like Jor-el sent to earth to be a savior. Jor-el was not everything, he was just a scientist. And he didn't send his son to earth to be a savior, he threw him into a rocket and quickly shot it into space because his planet was about to explode. I will buy the Christian allegory if Brian Singer can show me the part in the Bible where God sends Christ to Earth because heaven is about to explode and then radioactive pieces of heaven become the primary weakness of Christ. Furthermore, the crucifixion scene where Luthor Superman puts in his silk with a kryptonite "spear" just wants to relax my face in a brick until I am brainwashed to see the brutal obvious and inappropriate symbolism that will be polluting the man of steel in the near future. They can just rename this movie "Superman Returns: the Passion of the Christ". <br /> <br /> And speaking of Luthor, my last major complaint relates to Singer's depiction of Lex Luthor. Lex Luthor is a keen, cold-hearted business man who is more likely to run for president (what he does in cartoons) than to destroy the world. The man wants money and power; He wants to be in control, not destroy everything. Still, the Luthor sees our Superman Returns, as well as all the previous Superman movies, a witty theater dune that comes with such schemes to destroy the world. If Singer had the slightest loyalty to the characters instead of the (rather dreadful) previous Superman movies, this movie might not be such an unbearable travesty. Perhaps Singer's next project is a Batman movie focusing on Batman's interpretation of the 1960s. ZAM! WHAP! POW !! <br /> <br /> To summarize, I don't know what I hate more, the movie itself or the fact that so many people are giving it good. Everyone is entitled to their opinion, but if you do not hate this movie, your opinion is wrong. I appreciate anyone reading it, not to see this movie if you haven't. Don't see it, don't buy it when it comes to DVD, don't rent it ... basically don't carry any money. This movie does not earn money to earn. In fact, I think that for every person watching this movie, Bryan Singer should be fined $ 45 billion. If you are a Superman fan and you really want to see this movie, just bow and kick someone in the balls and you'll have the same experience without wasting 2 hours of your time.
