The majority of Stephen King's short stories are jewels, with original ideas that don't take long to develop; basically lean and mean - he quickly puts them on a scarce number of pages, you read them, and you're done before you know you started. They are like the equivalent of a carton of McDonald's fries. They really taste good and you know there's not much nutritional value in them. (From a literary point of view, they do not say much about the universal human condition), but you will still tear, just not be a pig and go for the extra super-sized portion and fill up on too much fat ("too much fat "is a metaphor for the prose in King's novels when find yourself reading and saying one of them about - enough with the pop-cultural observations or clever Yankee aside - go on with the story!) He has four books short story collections compiled. I read them all - from NightShift to the latest, Everything is Possible, and they all show an efficiency of the point that is sometimes lacking in its tome-size novels. <br /> <br /> But his short stories never elevate their welcome ... which brings us to the TV adjustments of Nagmerries and Dreamscapes ... <br /> <br /> How did they (the range of producers) in hell a green light to change stories that are usually 15 pages in 50 minute episodes? I'll tell you how - two words - "Stephen King." Stories with his name on them probably did not become cheap, and one hour's performance made it possible to make more ads than the half hour, so ... what anthology had to be mostly of 23 or 24 minute episodes became double that changed a long time. double the commercial time ... Ka-Ching! <br /> <br /> I'm not going to waste time hinting at the plots of these stories - this review assumes you've already read and / or seen the stories; what follows is merely my gut responses that TNT offered ... Of the four installments so far, here are my ten cents assessment (from first to worst): <br /> <br /> Battleground - Not a classic in any way, but how can anyone with William Hurt try to make his fall by filming this episode without a single dialogue? And the home referral and destruction of the Trilogy Of Terror murderer Zuni pop proved to me the producers (and the author of the disappointment, Richard Matheson's son - the author of TOT) knew their mission with this one. was to make the action deadly, but at the same time enjoyable. It took longer to get to the Hurt apartment than it should have, but I think it has achieved its purpose. 8/10 <br /> <br /> Umney's Last Case - Selected this one mainly because of William H. Macy's performance. I think the author / Umney had started in the story earlier because he was the real reality of the story, and someone who was familiar with the King short story (probably half, if not more of the audience) knew Die Chandleresque setup was interrupted because of the author's reality, so we finish it and cut out the cute and smart, cooked party 'Private Dick Banter'. As soon as the writer / Umney's family tragedy has already been unveiled, I thought the show developed an emotional connection that made the viewer (at least) make me feel sympathetic to the real Macy's attempt at making his sadness. escape through the exciting excitement of his exciting creation. 6/10 <br /> The end of the whole mess - Uh, this title is how I felt about this episode when it was over. After twenty minutes I was ready to scream on the TV. OK, we get it all, the younger brother is a Mega Mensa Genius Prodigy Extraordinaire! We know of Ron Livingston who talked to the camera ("the time runs out for me" - not fast enough, I thought) that the young child will discover something very bad for humanity - we know it because he already built is a plane, but almost dead because he could not send it out of the way of a tree; And he inflated his chemical laboratory while he taught himself chemistry (to think the end of the world could have been prevented if only this child had oversight). There is so much time wasted in wasting the Henry Thomas uber genius when we finally come to the decision of his discovery - the end of the world by unintentional idiot - how much do we end up from the world? "- A cheap video recording of a reporter starting to forget what she is reporting, and short radio broadcasts announcing the day of judgment is near. Oh, and the brother's parents are rolling and singing old songs "My point is, if your story is really about the" end of the whole mess (world) ", I want to see the" mess "as it goes up in flames and crashes and burns. Talk about ending a whim, indeed, 2/10 <br /> <br /> Crouch End - This episode just totally disapproved of me, I could have lived with the constant outline of the happy couple arriving at their hotel, playing and tickling, having lunch got a taxi (it was half the episode right there), once they finally crossed In Crouch, the episode ended the cold fever, but it failed, not only was it scary, it was virtually fake. Ooh, look - a kitten ... wait, it turns ... oh my god! Look at this is scary eye! Uh huh. Went to film the Crouch End series at night instead of in the daylight. Things you can find unintentionally can become scarcer if you see them in the night shadows. But I think the budget was not high enough to shoot at night on the false London sets they slept for. On the page it is a very frightening story about tourists moving around in places where they do not belong and the terrible things that can just hide around there. The only terror in this adaptation was directing and acting - it was really terrible. 1/10 <br /> <br /> Overall Series Average (So far): 4/10
