THHE remake was in all respects a superior movie repair. Most remakes eventually become total rubbish, but under the very talented direction of Alexandre, Aja has become one of the best in terms of remakes and also as far as the mutant intrusion of human sub-genre of horror. In steps, part 2 is led by another individual, Martin Weisz, written by the father and son's combo of Jonathan and West. "I can't make a good horror movie to save my life anymore" Craven and if it is any indication of Weisz government skills and young Craven writing skills we are all in a painful future as THHE 2 is not as good as the first pass, but also not entertain at any level. <br /> <br /> We start with a pretty graphic mutant baby birth that is pretty cool, will not prepare you for the total rubbish that comes, just a hint in this movie. We then get a crew of scientists who are all briefly introduced and sent by our radiated rejections. In steps we are thrown out of army reserve to save the day, that's where the big problems start. From a lot of sub-pairing (even for this kind of movie) to the terrible characters to the lack of real carnage for most of his running time. 2 becomes a labor to watch, as nothing happens, as idiotic soldiers make mistakes to meet there, not by the mutants, but by themselves. Think of the Marines in strangers just the opposite and you have the idea of ​​how well these soldiers are trained. This is the real shame of the movie, as most of the Hills' occupants don't get the shots you'd like to see, as in the first movie, in fact, if it didn't have the THHE 2 Appendix in the beginning and the brief overview in <br /> <br /> The Mutant Mountainbillies are also not so amusing, but in many cases they are far inferior. after our previous bundle, as they all come off as they are rather under design and uninteresting. Also the one who took the cake was the Sloth-like Mutant (you know Sloth from the Goonies) who help them in the 3rd act. I waited for him to ask for a Baby Ruth or to start Rocky Road Ice Cream. Actually disappointing and shy is the only way to describe most of the things here. <br /> <br /> The gore is in the movie, but not nearly as visceral, as the original has actually printed the most as unlike the mutant baby's birth zone, there is actually nothing like the first . Another big strike against this movie. So what worked here, the answer is nothing at all. It felt like a sequel designed specifically to make money from the success of the first and not a real "good" movie. <br /> <br /> I can go further on the Crappy Drill SGT., The radio man who has a speech barrier (that's right, he's the kind of guy I want to turn in for help in a real crisis) or the pacifist fighter who looks like the same character form as our "hero" in the first movie, but I believe you get that point. This movie is not even in the same league or even the same planet as the first. It had to get a different title and was added to the Sci-Fi channel on the Saturday night. A real shame as a solid successor could have been, but unfortunately it looks like another horror movie that drops the ball into virtually every level and gets one of my lowest scores since I THHE 2 share the same score as his Giving: 2/10 Terrible: Words cannot describe how bad this movie is, is a total polar opposite of its predecessor in all ways, uninspired and absent-unnecessary. Next time, guys if you're going to make a successor, it's bad. Don't bother first. Please do not support this garbage at the theaters, save your money and thank me later !!
