This ridiculous and bare movie is definitely the most wrong version of "Hamlet" to ever reach the screen. Branagh's approach to the material can only be described as vulgar; go to such lengths as Ophelia in a straight jacket, with Fortinbras's army suddenly appearing on the horizon (looks much like the climax of Monty Python and the Holy Grail) when the palace is apparently guarded only by Francisco (which shouts a great deal -Shakespeare cries of "ataaaaaaaaaaaaaaaack" before being shot down, and a lot of star-comedian who rushed back to the days of Jimmy Cagney's Bottom and Mary Pickford's Kate. <br /> <br /> Branagh decided to set his film in an Edwardian setting, but at the same time decided to use an almost unspoken text so that the dialogue firmly rooted in the Elizabethan mentality does not make sense the context of being executed. And Branagh does not deal with such textual subtleties as the ambiguous nature of Hamlet and Olphelia's relationship. He treats the audience for a vulgar nude sex scene between the couple shedding any ambiguity straight into the glass of the glass. <br /> <br /> The unspoken text allows Branagh to enjoy his favorite cinematic pastime. More images by Kenneth Branagh. It has never been as clear as in the "How all events tell me" - ending the first half of the nineteen hour movie (that's at least how it feels), trying to play after a dramatic crescendo According to Gone With The wind says "I'll never get hungry again." This can serve Branagh's ego, but it doesn't serve Shakespeare or the speech: when I saw the movie in the theater, I leaned over to my companion and "Great moments with Mr. Hamlet 'cut. Last night, Branagh hit the funniest and most tasteless moment as he tried to perform the Olivier movie and his fair fourth death of Claudius by Hamlet from a tall tower on the monarch and holding him with a sword. get. Branagh's Dane does in the king by throwing a seemingly magical rapier out of the palace to run through Claudius's heart with a superhero's bull's eye. The only thing that saved the moment of unbearable embarrassment was that it was so outside the wall. <br /> <br /> While this movie was praised in some quarters as a serious portrayal of the tragedy, it is, in fact, nothing but a star-studded performance of a once-talented film maker being overtaken by its own narcissism . The Emperor has no clothes, and this Hamlet has nothing to offer, but some unintentional laughter and the terrible face of one man's ego out of control.
