All right, let's not be confused here. If it's a sequel to an original horror classic, does it mean that it's also automatically a remake of the original horror classic's sequel? Here's to hope it's not a general rule, like Wes Craven's own successor to the original "The Hills have Eyes" ?? somewhere released during the mid-80s ?? is easily one of the worst and most surplus horror movies ever made. Part two did not have a real plot and reused footage of the original, only to further exploit the real gritty and petrified premises. Craven also wanted us to believe that even dogs suffer from flashbacks and painful memories, as the loyal German Shepard of the Carter family experienced his bloody battle with one of the mountain hills. There were quite a few worrying signs indicating that this successor would also be a terrible failure. The remake came out barely a year ago and here's the successor already? The incredible speed of his release justifies questioning the quality of the writing. Don't they need a little more time to set up a movie that should be anxious, threatening and disturbing? With his outstanding film, Alexandre Aja changed the general opinion of horror remakes almost one-handedly, as he had the courage and mind to change essential elements of the plot and add more deceptive gore than anyone could ever have hoped. Also, Aja is quite a talented young director and noticed him with his French kits classic "High Tension", but who is this new director? Aja's "The Hills Have Eyes" was an unexpected hit, appreciated by experienced and older generous horror fans as well as the younger and overarching audiences. This is a very good movie and although an avalanche of new successors and clones will be inevitable, it is highly unlikely that one of them will ever level the surprising quality of Aja's smash hit. Keeping this in mind, plus a rather large dose of personal skepticism, I must admit that this fast-paced sequel is really not as terrible as expected. The script is routine and split horror feeder, which contains a fairly large number of characters with little or no spine and depicts tasteless how they are slaughtered by traditionally repulsive freaks. Following the events of the first film, the US Army erected a camp in the middle of the New Mexican Desert to investigate the effects of the nuclear tests conducted in the 50s and 60s. For the terribly mutated survivors of the mining community that remained there during radioactive testing, scientists and researchers form a nice starter until the lead role of incompetent soldiers arrives by truck. They are just supposed to drop food and supplies, but exercise their ultimate military exercise when faced with the relentless humanoids living in the memories of the mines. <br /> <br /> These are basically just another slasher with stupid characters who, even after losing their friends, are still stupid enough to separate themselves from the group and to act like easy targets to kill. It is also very easy to point out which people will make it alive, especially if one of the soldiers is against all forms of violence and another is constantly watching video footage of her cute 3-year-old son. "The Hills have eyes II" completely lacking ?? as expected ?? originality, logic and probable situations. The mutated miners are not nearly as frightening as their colleagues in part one, mainly because they are not organized this time and are just being turned like drunk and sex-hungry prototype samples. Since you don't mind the amateur G.I. Joe "heroes" and certainly does not feel sympathetic to the eyes of the hills, but this film is far less compelling and involved than last year's original. Most peculiar, this second movie is not nearly as violent and soft as the first! Successors usually compensate for the lack of tension and the absence of surprises with extra bloodshed and more graphic killing, but the action in this sequel is really tame compared to the sick footage found in its predecessor. There are a handful of scenes to satisfy the bloodthirsty horror fanatic? mainly that soldiers drop wreaths or shoot their own guns? but unfortunately there is no excessive arrow battle or virulent dog attacks. What a pity! What is the point of a successor if it even surpasses the level of coarseness and / or freeze of the original? Fortunately, the movie is never boring or unnecessarily sentimental, and you'll have the most fun mocking all the things that don't make the slightest sense! For example, purses that fall out of people's blood-related heads, do women fall without muscle and naughty soldiers? my personal favorite ?? the award of the ONE soldier with a speaking disability to operate the radio communication.
