Last year's recurrence of 'The Hills Have Eyes' was one of the better attempts to update the vague 1970's dissent slips for a new audience. Alexandre Aja allowed for an admirable degree of character development and when the violence began, it was mean and cruel and all done in a landscape of impeccable photography and production design. I was one of the few people who actually thought it was better than the original and looked forward to a second visit to the exceptionally dark and brutal world of wild desert mutants. <br /> <br /> 'The Hills has eyes 2', released just a year after the original, seems a rushed and thoughtless attempt to include cash on the franchise, with little thought of quality. Jonathan Craven's script could be written in a weekend, and given the speed with which this movie made it into theaters, it was probably. It falls back on every hackneyed genre cliché in the book, while offering absolutely nothing new to the desert-mutant mythology. I always leave a little disappointment when a successor replaces civilian characters with the army. Soldiers are always so lazy written and fail to thoroughly spoil with rough caricatures of strutting macho bullshit. In my mind, 'Aliens' was the only movie to successfully make such a transition, because of James Cameron's talent, not only to guide the best action series, but never forget that an audience should care for the people who slaughtered do not become. He was also assisted by some really talented actors. With "The Hills having Eyes 2", it is clear that video director Martin Weisz is not James Cameron, and the role-players of television parties do not have the talent or even the tendency to change their cardboard cuttings into anything that lives, breathe. people. <br /> <br /> Needless to say, each character is a broad and generic cliché. They act in stupid and illogical ways, make stupid and illogical decisions that lead to predictable stupid and illogical deaths. The latter half of the movie just becomes a boring pursuit scenario. "The lineage" (on which Sam McCurdy also worked as cinematography) proved that even these most derivative series can still be performed with true originality and tension, but we do not see such innovation here. <br /> <br /> 'The hills have eyes 2' is just a very lazy movie, without tension, tension or surprise, with no one involved and interested in delivering something of quality. It's an easy and tired excuse for a successor and earns the rest of his life in a blockbuster's bargain bin.
