'The Hills Eyes II', one of the most useless and blatant companions to come in a while, is 90 minutes of incompetent movies at its best. Or worst, but you choose to look at it. While 2006's 'Hills' remake was one of the best of the year, and really scary horror movies, this sequel takes every spark that made it such a thing. Part 2 never touches the ground, and its thoughts are not plunged. Worst of all, it's not that scary. <br /> <br /> In 2006, a reunion followed a family found themselves in the middle of the New Mexico desert, deserted, and rejected one by one by depraved and sadistic hills. People who became the atomic bomb on their land years ago because of the army have become who they are. Survival of travelers wandering in the region. The successor places audiences in the same desert, now occupied by the army, as they hide the hills and what happened to the poor family. When a group of military pupils are brought to the campsite, they find it deserted without signs of life. A Grim reality soon comes upon them, as they realize they are not alone. And the bloody lot given to many before them will soon become their fate. <br /> <br /> It doesn't take a genius to realize that "Hills" has no legitimate reason to exist. But since last year's remake was well received, both at the cashier's and by the critics, it was not surprising that a successor would be rushed into production while still having to earn money. This time there is no rhythm or reason for it, just an incredible and ridiculous set-up to make way for mindless characters, indomitable murders, a non-existent story and interest. Originally, director Alexander Aja Craven's cult made remake that was a unique and thoroughly disturbing experience. One who has cruelly crossed the line more than once. His honest display of violence, sadistic torture, a rounded characterization and a white-tortured tension, were all effectively used to shock and ward off audiences. The second time it's hand-downs again. There is no style, no grit. It is trying to build up tension through disinfectant bodies, when everything really is there, make the kind of movie, where even the gore looks, compared to more recent massacre. <br /> <br /> It is a sad state of affairs when distorted mutants capturing women for breeding purposes fail to pay attention. It's a drill, nothing more. 'Hills' have no bites. In spite of a jump or two here and there, there is nothing scary about this by-the-numbers horror movie. It feels like something you will see on the Sci-Fi channel, just with a few F-bombs, a bloodline here and there, a rape and a graphical birth scene that is gross or shocking. It's cheap. And with "Hills," you reap what you fuck. With no effort, you can't expect anything. <br /> <br /> Replacing Aja with Martin Weisz as director was the first big mistake of the movie. All he does is drain the film of any kind of emotional resonance. But even more shocking is the uncharacteristic bad script by Wes Craven and his son, Jonathan Craven. You ask, how bad can this be? This is the kind of dialogue that any comparison looks like Shakespeare. Craven had in the past had his fair share of clunkers, but I would never expect such a thing from him. It's so unintentionally funny, you have to wonder, is Craven joking about this? Or did he throw this one on his son after the studio paid him off? The film's characters are one-dimensional speech heads without emotions or common sense. The acting is just as bad. The only character that can win you is "Napoleon" Napoli, the scraping kid who doesn't fit the other. Even the terrible and instinctive villains, whom we had favored a year ago in the depths of our minds, are meticulously met. You don't hate them, you don't like them. You can't honestly care less. Just like this movie. <br /> <br /> Even though you were terribly scared at 'The Hills Have Eyes', as I was, you'll have a hard time enjoying something in this piece of garbage. It's getting as generic as generic, and there is absolutely nothing here that we have not already seen already. I can't express it enough, avoid 'The Hills Have Eyes II' like the plague. It is careless, inexorable, frantic, and a drill. Stick to the remake or Craven's original vision. Because if you don't run out of the first thirty minutes, don't say I didn't warn you.
