I watched this movie at its release and watched it 3 or 4 times, including last week. I'm sorry to have a voice of disagreement about Mr. Branagh's performance. <br /> <br /> It's really a wonderful, clean movie, to say nothing more than ambitious in 4 hours - nice shot and design. Derek Jacobi, Julie Christie, Kate Winslet, Richard Briers, and many others do good work. Then there's Kenneth Branagh. If there was ever an actor project for an actor, it is, and Mr. Branagh doesn't save anything to put Hamlet in the ham. From the stunt casting (which gives us the worst thing ever played by the cowardly mishap Jack Lemmon) to the bits of distracting things to saturate a "naturalness" to his own performance that prevents the nail from to throw the best-known soliloquy in all literature to shout every line of others. His performance confirms that while he is getting better on stage, where greater is needed, he has never been a good film actor. The landscape budget can be charged for catering, Mr. Branagh eats so much of it. His performance is a perfect example of why people are not going to see Shakespeare - "full of sound and anger, meaning nothing." And if there is a fault in his direction, it is that he firmly glued the camera to his remaining display. <br /> <br /> No matter what theories people can put on the Bard, he is said and done, a playwright. The brilliance of his plays rests on the fact that his themes are universal and timeless. Although there is no "real" way to play his plays, there is certainly great acting, good acting and bad acting. Shakespeare gives instructions to the players in the text of "Hamlet" itself. It amazes me how Mr. Branagh faced it but didn't hear it. It was an example to spend too much time saying something, and too little to find out what he was saying. <br /> <br /> Branagh certainly did a wonderful job of producing some entertaining productions, he would be wise to stay behind the camera and allow those who know the art of acting to practice it. His direction has always been better than his acting. I still give him great credit for the excitement of Shakespeare's filming. He made a good template for other productions. And it would be interesting to see him on stage, from about 20 rows back. But I hope he chooses to do more and do less. <br /> <br /> Is it worth seeing? Definitely. There are many little joys in the movie. But it is a long, long movie and in the end one can feel less than they have enjoyed than it survived.
