I suppose all the inside jokes are what made Munchies a cult classic. I thought it was awful, although the ridiculous story and character of the characters was given, it could have been a much better (and funniest) movie. Maybe everything they needed was a real budget. <br /> <br /> As many viewers have noticed, Munchies is something of a Gremlins parody. So, all the references to the movie. The movie starts somewhere in Peru during an archaeological dig. An annoying dufus named Paul, an aspiring excited comedian who, despite his career plans, doesn't offer sarcasm or funny jokes, is locked up in the caves with his father. His father is an unconventional kind of archaeologist, looking for caves for artificats or mummies or anything, but evidence of U.O.'s. And that's where the Munchies come in the picture. Hidden in the slit of a rock is an ugly little mutant that looks like a grueling rubber doll with a Gizmo voice. They call him Arnold, put him in a bag and bring him home so that Paul's father can finally prove the extra life. <br /> <br /> Paul, the idiot he is, breaks his promise to his father to break. look at Arnold (a bet he made with his father, if he loses, go to community college to get a 'real' career). The creepy neighbor with the bad back, Cecil (TV veteran Harvey Korman), wonders what his neighbors are about. So, he and his lazy son, a kind of pilot-hippie-type (who seem to have made his character a biker or heavy metal enthusiast), threw Arnold. Why? Of course, become a rich, fast-paced scheme. And of course, even Cecil's son is too dumb to look at Arnold. And after a few pokes and prods at Arnold, he multiplies to more Munchies. <br /> <br /> It wasn't even a movie that was so bad, it was good. It was just terrible. I was hoping that the Munchies would kill and kill the murders that were always after them, even Paul and his girlfriend. At least it would be one way to get rid of all the bad plays in this movie that really scared the movie. Not to mention poor special effects that look like puppets. And really bad to write everywhere - it wasn't even funny - not even that young policeman who can really give the murder of your eye. As I said, if they got a real budget and better actors, Munchies might have a good parody. Pass.
