Munchies start in deepest darkest Peru (looks more like a gravel road to me) where archaeologist Simon Watterman (Harvey Korman) and his son Paul (Charles Stratton) are on an expedition. Simon believes that ancient Aztec buildings were actually spacecraft control centers and he is on a mission to obtain evidence that alien life forms visited the Earth while discovering a strange little creature that he stuck in his backpack and back home go with him to the small American town of Sweetwater, California. Simon feels that the creature is the proof he is looking for and, for an inexplicable reason, decides to leave the thing while sharing his discovery. Simon asks Paul and his wife Cindy (Nadine Van der Velde) to take care of it. Meanwhile, Simon's brother and fast-food businessman Cecil Watterman (Harvey Korman) is once again stealing the creatures so that his brother will not make money out of it, but his idiotic stick Dude (Jon Stafford) has a fight with it and cut it up with a knife but the individual parts are growing back into separate little creatures that continue to cause much devastation among the townspeople ... <br /> <br /> Targeted by Bettina Hirsch, it must be one of the worst horror comedy, though not the worst. Lance Smith's script is so inappropriate that it is painful. Every joke in Munchies misses the target through the proverbial mile, I doubt the humor in this piece of crap would even appeal to pre-teens. There is as little as I am in Munchies almost something funny or even amusing. The basic story is also crazy, it just happens that this creature runs around without explaining how it is, why no one ever saw it, how it learns English so fast, and how it learns to manage etc. whole thing is a big Gremlins (1984) rip-off with none of the elements that made the movie so good. The character is moronic, the stupid deputy (Charlie Phillips) and his father (Hardy Rawls), Cecil carries an embarrassment of wig and false mustache and his head woman Melvis (Alix Elias) and more. They're just ashamed and ridiculous, I testify to anyone to find any of these jerky funny. Munchies actually fail spectacularly to be either a comedy or an abomination and eventually, yes, you guessed it. <br /> <br /> Of course, director Hirsch works with a low budget here and it shows the whole thing is happening in two homes, the desert, a few caves and a mini golf course. This is really cheap and unauthorized movie-making. The special effects on the Munchies themselves are really awful, they are just puppets that have no movement unless someone from the camera pulls a rope on the arm. I can't stress how bad the consequences are, these things won't convince my 4-year-old cousin (as I and yesterday proved). Total incompetence, sucking this movie. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is terrible, bad special effects, low production design, rubbish bins and stuff, just everything is shit. The acting is rotten through and through, from police to Korman who has two roles, proving he can't act and is not funny. <br /> <br /> Munchies are a very bad movie that fails in everything. who is trying to reach it, surely see it if you want me not to stop you, but don't just say you're not warned! My advice would be to see Gremlins again, but the decision is yours!
