Most will agree that the character of Wolverine is one of the most intriguing characters in cartoon history. I'm no wonder expert, but I grew up with the adventures of the X-Men and definitely approved of Hugh Jackman's now famous painting of the spectacular Logan. I enjoyed the first X-Men, the successor found heavy and messy and enjoyed the third one as comic book entertainment. Throughout the three movies I probably enjoyed Jackman more than anything else. I thought the idea of ​​making an "origin" movie about Wolverine could well be a better movie than all three X-Men movies. If we concentrate on one character, I thought there might be a movie that reached what I found the second movie failed. It's a fairly complex and character-driven comic book adventure. <br /> <br /> The reason why the Wolverine movie failed because the competition is more difficult after The Dark Knight. It's not even because of a plot development that's beyond the obvious and rudimentary - though definitely not good - no, it's because the movie doesn't even look like it. To begin with, it doesn't qualify as good entertainment. There is something about the action in this movie that comes so many, very automatically. With no bigger special effects or elements of tension, and when one event will predict you the next five, it almost feels like a yours Boll movie, which mimics an action / adventure movie concept you've seen a dozen times before has. Of course, nothing in this movie is as terrible as a piece of Bolls ** t, but if everyone speaks as if they were part of a chain of events that are so standard, you at least make the connection and that is definitely bad . enough. <br /> <br /> But there's an even bigger problem. Even a generic action movie is a generic action movie and it leaves you with lots of plot holes and character stupidity. I think you find the most fundamental mistake in the title. I mean, "Origin". Really? What do people think of this movie about that title? What do they mean ?? You want to know the origin of Wolverine? He grew up with his brother. In dramatic circumstances, they drove away from home. Then they went to war. All of them! The Civil War, World War I and II and Vietnam as well. Why did they do that? Not yet known. Eventually, the brother (Sabertooth, played by Liev Shrieber) became angry. "How?" you ask. I don't know, it was somewhere between Omaha Beach and Hanoi. "Yes, but why?" you still ask. I just said I don't know !! The film does not explain. He's wrong! "Yes, but ... you know," origin "... ... yes, it's an origin! I mean, duh! Anyway, they end up with a super-secret team of mutant elite soldiers. Government, ho-hum, Wolvie gets enough and leaves his brother, for six years he is a happy woodcutter with a loved one, who is finally a bit defensible to the time Sabretooth suddenly reappears. " but ... whyyyy? "- Oh, be quiet! - and Wolvie decides to be a guinea-pig for a bunch of angry scientists who make him a flesh-covered metal war animal. And after all the battles he ends with his memory being wiped out, cue X-Men the first movie. <br /> <br /> It's the origin, you can also find it on the back of the DVD cover. The real movie won't tell you anything else - no good heroes, villains or characters in general (lines from my bank heard: Fat suit! Pull black man! Oh, I'll give you 200 cash if d earthy girl surviving this movie. It's supposed to be gambit ...? mmhm, yeah, well ... oh, right), not one line of memorable dialogue and zero lines to cover a T-shirt. In addition, the general stupid things that are likely to be destroyed are added. generally what you can usually forgive ..... Well, it sounds like a waste of time, right? Fans will choose it or already. There is no stop. But if you didn't like the X-Men movies for any other reason, then they were well made and entertained - see them again and do yourself no favor by trying to seek origin where there is no one.
