Soulless milk from cash cow franchise. Generic superhero flick. CGI showcase. Gavin Hood's "A Series of Improbable Events." Combinatorial iteration of mutant struggle scenes clustered by inanimate justification formation / dissolution of arbitrary alliances. I don't expect Shakespeare here, but the cliché per minute meter was from the cards: Primal shouted as he looked diagonally and kneeled over murdered girl. Renegade military commander. Predictable double crosses. Vengeance sought for fallen lover. Excavated memories. Bad character at the last moment discovers morality. Misleading failures to execute nemeses after defeating melee. Lover not really dead. Lovers who actually act as spies for the hero's arch-enemy. Girl / spy actually falls for protagonist. Good people work for antagonists to save kidnapped family members. Bose mastermind fails to honor promises to reluctant employees. Friendly old couple take care of tired hero and are murdered for their problems. Certain deaths differ when third parties come to the scene before the coup. Don't hesitate to join secret government agencies. Abandoning the elite group in protest over the killing of innocents. Scientists cannot control indestructible killing machines of their own creation. Outdated, but sweet government's secret weapon 'shoots better design but heartless successor. Hero walked away from wreck and made a track of gasoline behind him. After everyone gave up, the flattened heart monitor picked up a wrist. Bose mastermind explains plans to hero, he sees no more than a threat. Hero refuses to kill the devastating enemy because he is "better than that". Transparent comic relief character makes hilarious understatements and horrible comments. Cheerful psychopath flames in random murderous rampages. Near indestructible Goliaths throw each other through a series of walls and other physical traumas that would only make a mortal death. Man sends dozens of gun-moving enemies with nothing but skillful sword play. Common sense and the laws of physics, biology and chemistry temporarily abandoned. Antagonist uses beloved's murder as justification for wrong crusade. <br /> <br /> I can go on, but it's just exhausting. If you are older than twelve and do not live in the mum's cellar, there is probably nothing here for you. Depressed enough, it's not too far from par for superhero movies so discount everything I've written if you can't get enough of the genre.
