It's official, people - Keep Hsiao-Hsien doesn't have a thought in his beautiful little head. Are you wondering why he chose Shu Qi as his muse? <br /> <br /> Shu (or Qi?) doesn't appear in this one. Instead, we get a quick Yo Hitoto, apparently a pop star in Japan. She is at the end of her song at the end. She is a pop star like the girl who serves you at Rockin 'Curry. It's an actriss - and a wasted Tadanobu Asano, typically a quality indicator that doesn't need anything here, but stands around and looks like a muttering Asian hipster and is too old to even manage it. <br /> <br /> Keep your philosophy? Life is limbo, a great deal, it feels and moves on. I want to do it, but Hou gives us nothing to feel in Cafe Lumiere as a mere photo essay of life in Tokyo Circa 2003, and the flabbergast observation that people are ships passing by night, no, make the trains that fit The day, never tied, each injured to its own destination, usually a variant of a dark tunnel or maybe a bridge if they are happy. Yikes. Flowers of Shanghai are one of the most sophisticated, technically advanced and enchanting films of all time. How can the same director who created the opening shot of the film, which has over twelve actors talking about 10 straight minutes at machine crop speed - an impossible direct performance - is caught up to make this laconic sub-Jarmusch reality porno for two. movies in a row now? Millennium Mambo may be dead weight, but it has at least two large shots, shots pointing to Hou's true calling as Odilon Redon's movie: The shots are the sex scene with the arrhythmic flickering lights and Shu Qi's opening shot swinging a blue corridor. She M.O. while Café Lumiere seems to have removed the two big shots from Millennium Mambo to make it more consistent. You are the judge if it looks attractive. <br /> <br /> Don't have to refine - you can't further refine the limbo idea as Shanghai Flowers. He has to expand, inflate outward, to release the inner expressionist and genre revitalizer that is wasted so senselessly on cliché minimalism. It's time for him to do a live action remake of Akira or something. This kind of movie where the actors have to be sensible because they are faced with a long shot and talk in monosillas, is now every last bit as safe, ghetto and stagnant as the Hollywood action. (What is the relationship between "reality" and people who can't speak? It seems to me that people in real life never stop jabbing.) Again, seeing the fact that 2005 was alone, has big-budget movies As diverse and rich in ideas as Aeon Flux, The Island and King Kong, it is now safe to say that even Michael Bay has surpassed it, and it is very sad. <br /> <br /> The good news is that Hou is in his fifties, it feels honest as if he didn't even start. There are a few moments in this film showing that the promise is still there, like a little bit early in the bookshop when the room drops to a bloody sunset-red while Hitoto talks about babies with gnomes faces. But what any fear holds him back, how comfortable it is to make the same movie over and over and through the gullible and pretentious as the rescuer of the theater, Hou, your time as the darling of the Rotterdam, Venice, Toronto, Berlin, And anything else movie festivals are almost up to and people are double-fasting on your ruse. Two words for you: Atom Egoyan. Two more words, or maybe three: Tsai Ming-Liang. You are now cribbing both of these boring scams that are about to set their own dark tunnels forever. Risk your shirt on a sci-fi epic, sold out, banned - but leave social criticism to people who have no eye and no heart. Let your picturesque talent fully express itself. You'll never get out of limbo.
