I am a relative of the transcendental work of movie author Yasujiro Ozu, whose masterly underlined view of Japanese life, especially in post-World War II, relieves universal truths. Having seen several of his landmark films, such as 1949's "Late Spring" and 1953's "Tokyo Story", I am convinced that Ozu has had a particularly idiosyncratic gift for the variety of feelings arising from intergenerational conflict by elliptical narratives and subtle to carry images. It is Taiwanese director Keep Hsiao-hsien's big aspiration to honor him at his centenary with Ozu. Under the author T'ien-wen Chu, it appears that Hsiao-hsien gets the footage right, but does not capture the required emotional weight that would make the glacier pacing tolerant. <br /> <br /> The story is about Yôko, a young Japanese writer who explores the life of mid-20th century Taiwanese composer Jiang Wen-Ye in Tokyo after returning from Taiwan where she learned Japanese. After 25 extended minutes of character set-up, she revealed to her father and stepmother that she was pregnant by one of her students in Taiwan. At the same time, Yôko's coffee shop friend Hajime, who used a used bookstore, had an obsession with trains and probably looks in love with her. Hsiao-hsien connects this sleek plot line with a series of shots that are kept for exceptionally long duration, as the frame composition changes. There are also long silences and plenty of trains with trains. While these techniques are in line with Ozu's style, Hsiao-hsien may not appear to be in the characters' psyche, as Ozu did with maximum fluidity and minimal theatrics. In particular, Yôko's fate seems rather insignificant in the scheme of the drama being offered. her parents' reaction is too passive to keep a lot of interest. In fact, the whole movie has an atmosphere of exhaustion over it, which makes the film's feel unmistakable. <br /> <br /> The performances are unobtrusive, but almost unforgettable. J-pop music star Yo Hitoto brings natural comfort to Yôko, while Tadanobu Asano is something of a cipher or Hajime. The rest of the characters hardly register, even Nenji Kobayashi and Kimiko Yo as Yôko's parents. Cinematographer Lee Ping-Bing offers expert work, though he violates a cardinal rule of Ozu films by not keeping the camera stable during shots. Hitoto talks about the pop song he used, about the end of his credit, "Hito-Shian". The DVD contains an hour-long, French-made documentary, "Metrolumière", which really helps to give the context for Hsiao-hsien's approach to the film. It contains excerpts from Ozu's films, in particular "Equinox Flower", to show the parallels with this film, but surprisingly no mention of "Tokyo Story" or "Early Summer", the obvious basis for some of the screens and situations. There are also custom maintenance cuts from Hitoto, Asano and Hsiao-hsien, as well as the movie's trailer.
