CREEPSHOW 2 is the bad sequel to George Romero's (overestimate) original, CREEPSHOW. Any sequel that follows a Romero film not directed by Romero himself has some great shoes to fill, mostly because of the Romero fans out there who think he is God. I didn't practice much for the first movie, and oddly enough, I didn't care for the sequel. The film series had so much potential, but it was short-lived because both films were less than stars. <br /> <br /> The biggest problem with CREEPSHOW 2 was that it had only three stories (except for the interim), and because the first story is struggling, it has the chance for almost half of the movie to really to be good. I saw CS 2 at the movies and the first segment was a real groaner. Anything dramatic with George 'I can't act' Kennedy is automatically doomed and the Indian statue was too hokey and simply didn't belong in this sequel. So after a very thin and dull start, there were only two other stories left to stop the fiasco of the killed. Unfortunately, the other two stories were not big enough to forget the first story. THE RAFT AND THE HITCHHIKER are moderately successful, moderate, because although the other two segments have their moments, they still fall flat. The last two stories are actually long gone. It's not that I wanted the stories to happen in a dizzying pace and that it would end quickly. However, both good ideas found in the stories were dissolved by the fact that they were slow and full and eventually fell flat when the segments needed more energy. more volatile and ending with punchier. If the last two stories were not stretched to fold the movie or all three segments were more short with better editing and direction, they could have added a much needed fourth story. With only three stuffed segments for a boring festival. <br /> <br /> The acting and writing in both the RAFT and THE HITCHHIKER segments is from terrible to good. I like Lois Chiles in the last segment. This is probably her best moment on the screen apart from her role as Bond Girl Holly Goodhead in MOONRAKER and in death on the Nile. But even her role is sometimes difficult to understand because of the useful direction and the unfamiliar story. Should we hate or sympathize with her? Do we have to sympathize with the annoying hitchhiker? If the hedge's body was found by other people on the road, how was he when he attacked Chile? Was he a ghost or a zombie or what? How did the body eventually leave the presence of the other people who found him dead to attack Chile? The whole thing is not very clear, even for a supernatural story. And the end is rather boring and insignificant. <br /> <br /> As for the infamous THE RAFT story, well, the acting is mostly on the terrible side and none of the characters is sympathetic or interesting. The characters would have been more interesting if the actors played themselves. None of the actors are convincing in their particular roles. Paul Satterfield looks smarter than the stupid stupid he plays and the actress playing his girlfriend is not very convincing as the typical bitchy slut does. She looks too scary. The same can be said with the other two who play the "regular" teenagers. The idea of ​​the killer oil slick is interesting and creepy, but not well executed. There had to be a fifth character for the story, perhaps a homeless man or a ranger crawling around the lake and knowing the oil slick and the alternative ego of the watery monster could have been. Just as creepy as the oil slick, it doesn't make for a compelling "character". And how the story ends, everything seems meaningless. No punch whatsoever. <br /> <br /> Apart from the few titles that always make it worthwhile to make boring things, CREEPSHOW 2 at a theater basically sees a waste of money and time. CS 2 is more rental material than you pay to see on the big screen.
