We're all there, sitting with friends, watching a bad movie, laughing at how awful it was and how poor the acting was; finally the credits roll and everyone looks around and says, "How is it possible, such a movie was made? Who paid money to make this screenplay a feature film?" Well, Jigsaw isn't that kind of movie, instead of asking how this garbage is budgeted, you're wondering why the makers were shot out of the sun. Yes, Jigsaw is probably the worst movie ever made or invented, it comes from a man who saw Campfire Stories and Fever Lake. The movie starts in some class class, what kind of class am I not sure, but it is an art class. Now these villages have been given a final project by their idiot teacher. Five of them were given pieces of a mannequin and said to design it in any way. And since there are only five pieces that the other students get in class and automatically A, oddly enough, there are only six students in this whole class so the one gothic gets a free A, good for her! A week passed and the five students, plus teacher, plus one hilly man met in a bar to discuss them and complete their project. They put the pieces together, head, arms, legs and inform the others why they chose their specific designs. These creative geniuses have taken full advantage of the week, one puts a saw blade in the left hand, the other gets a sawn shotgun, the right leg gets a lot of broken ceramics and the left magazine cuttings, the head is the worst ' Find a camera, ala Hellraiser 3, with a few bottle rockets for a stylish mohawk. After they all melted their void over their specific designs, the drunk teacher said they had to burn the mannequin, now appropriately called Jigsaw. Now, up to this point, it's standard horrible movie shows, bad acting, dialogue and everything else, but it was pretty believable, but after Jigsaw catches up, things are turning the worst ... Jigsaw comes alive. How you ask? I have no idea, he just does because the writers can't think of a realistic way for two pounds of valuable molded plastic to be alive (Come on guys, a lighting, a traveling voodoo priest, anything can work As soon as Jigsaw comes to life, he uses his new ability to walk very slowly and quietly using his cast fingers to cause destruction. First of all, he hit the cool guy with a little stick thread. The man who is about to get it up with a warm, elegant decision to drink beer is far more important than before. With him Jigsaw shot the sexy girl in the face and then gave an old man a heart attack with a slight twist of his head, then he saw a nasty southern woman and then her mountain-poor man; Jigsaw then kills the naughty man with some headless deception. Did I mention Jigsaw took body parts of his victims to make a human version of himself? No! Well, it is not important that they do not even show their macabre creation, they do not even show him a torso of his poor creators. Maybe he was trying to create the main detective of In Living Color. So after these five have been killed, the teacher and the northern girl are all left, the teacher determines that Jigsaw only needs a head to complete his masterpiece, as he is still not interested in that torso thing. To be the coward is the teacher who connects the girl as a sacrifice to the jigsaw. He just comes in to go with the teacher with his electric belly which is not even plugged in. That's where the freaking movie ends, we don't. "Don't even see how the teacher is killed or what happens to the girl, let alone an explanation why Jigsaw came to life or how he scared himself after he burned. This movie is so shy that it can be seen, it's just 71 minutes, so it's a small part of your day; For the memories of a lifetime, Jigsaw, Jigsaw, Jigsaw. Thanks Total Recall! The Judge ruled, just look at Jigsaw if you have plans to divorce your genitals, apparently.
