This movie really disappointed me. The play is horrible. Unbelievable. And it's about actors. The story is incredibly obvious: A group of independent actors are passionate about playing the life of the characters they play. I've watched many movies lately, thanks Netflix, and that's the first one I've ever seen through. I felt I didn't need to see the end; we all know the end of this story. <br /> <br /> For some, this "modernization" of the Gospels seems either sacred or enlightening. I can't talk to any of these things, because I wasn't raised in the Christian church. That being said, I was raised in the US and I live in an increasingly Christian culture. I'm curious enough about Jesus and about the modernization of religion, for better or worse. I didn't see Mel Gibson's version, but I guess those who like it will love it, except for the most conservative. I just wish it was a better movie. <br /> <br /> Many of these reviews praise Arcand's direction and especially cinematography. I didn't like it either. The film itself is quite prudish and preachy. I didn't believe the characters' characters and I was never involved in their lives on the screen. The play in the play is very dated and will not, in my opinion, carry self-weight in a real production. But that's the point. What I really needed to make it work would be stronger if the characters and the plot support the philosophical and theological questions the film would like to go through. And the musical choices are obvious and original. <br /> <br /> There were two examples of this that are easy to remember. First, there is a reenactment of the parable of Jesus who manages the money lenders from the temple: the chief actor, who fell for the woman Magdalene will play and who is also a model and dancer, is furious that she herself should be blown off by Auditioning for a commercial (with an evil producer and a lot of panting men in the audience) with her pants off. He rubbed the place and chased them all out. I think it's the level that the movie wants to achieve. The romance between these two is completely arbitrary and not at all emotionally realized and the scene is played like a high school version of the death of a salesman, that is, not good. Please stop beating me over with this high-handed "meaning". The other is the relationship between the other female head and the priest who asked them to do the plays and who eventually turned against them and betrayed them to the present-day corrupt Church. Why. Why is she sleeping with this man? "It brings him so much pleasure and so little pain." Oh, the holy whore and the sweet old soot. It seems to be just enough for Arcand to point out, but not worth enriching and enriching these characters. They go through the movements and I'm looking for the eject button. <br /> <br /> Feel free to write me off as bored, stored or just not interested. Feel free to watch this movie and see the Passion, in all its beauty, sadness and inspiration, delivered as an amateur and clumsy charade. Feel free to confirm all your preconceived ideas and see a pinch of artistic integrity left for monotonous folly. But don't say I didn't warn you.
