"Kings and Queen" is an inflated French drama that moves for no indefinite two hours and thirty-two minutes to no observable point or goal. <br /> <br /> The movie contains two unrelated stories, but eventually half the movie with each other. The first centers around Nora and her struggle with several men in her life, including an elderly father who discovers he has only a few days left to stay. The other story involves a young man named Ishmael, a violinist who finds him - unfairly, he believes - in a spiritual setting by an unknown third party. Having traveled on separate roads for a while, these two narratives come together when we learn that Ismael is a former Nora lover and the man she chose to accept her son from an earlier tragic relationship. <br /> <br /> With a little more focus and a considerable amount of streamlining, Kings and Queen could have been a strong and surprising drama about contemporary relationships. It certainly has moments of great insight and emotional power, and the performances are mostly complex and touching. But as a whole, the film looks at it so frankly it starts to ruin our patience and be welcomed early. Even more disturbing is the fact that, although we spend what looks like a soft eternity in the company of these people, we really don't know what to do about them if the performance is over. For example, Nora's father, on his deathbed, writes an indignation against his daughter's character, who simply doesn't gibble with the woman we've been looking at for more than two hours. Nora is not a Mother Theresa (then again, who is?), But she certainly does not deserve the invective thrown by her own father. Nora can be accused of being sometimes confused, indecisive, a little self-absorbed, but angry enough to have her father know he can give her cancer and die in his place? I do not think so. <br /> <br /> Maybe this movie works only at a depth I couldn't understand. But my suspicion is that even author Roger Bohbot and co-author / director Arnaud Desplechin will find it difficult to explain their purpose here. It is a well-activated, pretentious drill of a movie that takes the viewer on a long, winding journey through a sea of ​​personal crises, a journey that no longer leaves him wiser or enlightened than he was at the beginning no.
