"Rois et Reine" is an excellent mess of a movie that will probably irritate as many viewers as it is pleasant. It focuses on turns on ex-lovers Nora (Emanuelle Devos) and Ismael (Mathieu Amalric), as they each confront a major crisis in their now separate lives. While Nora's story is played straight, Ismael's play is mostly for laughter, although it's not very funny. Nora's crisis is caused by the terminal illness of her father, Louis (Maurice Garrel), and Ismael, through his sudden incarceration in a mental hospital, is attacking a mysterious third party. Ismael and Louis are just two of the men who formed Nora's life and in turn formed her. The most striking other is her now deceased first lover Pierre and their young son Elijah. As the past and present events are played out for the audience, and the ex-lovers re-engage in each other's lives, it gradually emerges that Nora's personal life story may be less reliable than she first reaches the eye. <Br /> <br /> Culture director Arnaud Desplechin has formed a significant strangeness here, one that has gained major plaudits in France. He deliberately destroys established story convention and develops the movie through a series of dramatic shifts in mood and tone. If this approach is based on a coherent unifying core idea or theme, it would have worked, but ultimately it is not clear what Desplechin's film is actually about. Heavy speeches on Greek mythology and Freudian theory are clearly evident, but at least for this unskilled filmmaker, it remains less useful than clarifying and interpreting the characters' lives. At other times, the treatment falls into kitsch, but the use of the anodyne "Moon River" as the film's theme suggests it is probably deliberate. <br /> <br /> ** Spoiler Warning ** I suspect an important theme of the movie is the not very original observation that how we can differ ourselves radically from how others see us or even how we think others don't see. Obviously, this idea is represented in the film by Pierre's violent death and the revelation that appears in the secret diary of Louis, but unfortunately it seems as if both events are completely disconnected from what is otherwise heard by Pierre and Louis's respective relationships with Nora has been revealed. . It seems to be on Desplechin's deception, as if he were putting our minds on our minds, rather than subtly illustrating them in the natural course of the story. One or two dark surrealistic attacks imply the presence of an alternative but largely unconscious world of terrifyingly stripped people, but again it feels more than pretentious intrusions of cinema rather than outbursts from a deeper reservoir of truth inherent in the story is. In fact, for all his heavy-handed tips in depth, the characters are unaware and undeveloped, as if they function more than digits for their creator's many ideas about people rather than real people in their own right. Many details of their lives seem random rather than organic. For example, as we are constantly reminded, Ishmael is a viola player, but over two hours before we really see or hear him play and the effect of his chosen instrument or appeal to his personality is never worked out. He can also be a marine biologist or a trapeze artist. <br /> <br /> Amalric brings a certain manic charm to the untamed but ultimately healthy Ishmael, but I found Devos and found monotone (perhaps deliberate) as the elusive Nora. Meanwhile, Jean-Paul Roussillon, as Ismael's father, Elsa Wolliaston as his psychoanalyst and Magalie Week as the psychologically wounded but challenging synthesizer he has befriended in hospital, has the greatest impact among supporting actors. Catherine Deneuve is also in it, although her role is not much more than a self-referring como. <br /> <br /> Eventually, "Rois et Reine" is quite an acquired taste. If it doesn't push your buttons, it is very likely that Desplechin's undisciplined and florid approach will frustrate and surprise even if you keep looking.
