This is yet another of that 'man vs. insect / eco-horror' trait; a theme that was popular in the late 70's. Only you can't really call it horror. There is no tension and no horrible events. In other words, this movie is pretty lame. It's not that it's really bad or something; It's just very boring. A construction site near a hotel reveals a large nest of ants. Later, we learn that, due to various types of pesticides used in the past, their bites have become toxic. Some people are bitten and rushed to the hospital and it takes ages for the residents of the hospital to find out what's going on. Robert Foxworth figures it out first and then you can see him berserk with a digger for what looks like a few hours. Then they flee home and wait to be saved. And man, you must see all the efforts they make to save them. I won't spoil too much, but at one point they even use a big helicopter. All the time I watched it, I sat there thinking, "Come on, people, you all wear shoes. Just walk out of the building. I'm sure a lot of ants won't catch you." All this is pretty ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Of course, many close-ups of creeping ants are shown throughout the movie. Ants in the garden. Ants in the garbage. Ants in the kitchen. Ants on the roof. Ants in the bedroom Ants in the sink. And the best part: ants crawling on people's faces while the actors blow through the reed. But if you see the groups of ants in bigger shots, they actually look like black rice that the designers glued to the wall. <br /> <br /> A little surprise came near the end. No, it has nothing to do with a twist in the plot. It's just that Brian Dennehy made an appearance as a chief fire officer. Ehrr ... What else can I say? This movie is called IT HAPPENED AT LAKEWOOD MANOR, but the box of my copy reads ANTS and the title during the opening credits was PANIC AT LAKEWOOD MANOR. There you have it. Now, as it is a 70s TV movie, I'll be very gentle in my final review. Now, the safe trees, another 'man vs insect' TV movie of 1976 was much better than this one. I even feel I should go back and add a few points to his rating after seeing ANTS. Lack of tension, action, excitement, shock and creepiness, the only thing you will leave after seeing ANTS is an annoying itch.
