About the only thing I liked about this movie was that there was just enough to keep me in the seat till the end ... I thought it might be in the NEXT scene ... /> < Those who love Gus Van Sant's films, especially his later ones, will probably like this. Personally, I find Van Sant's films dull, pretentious and fit. Well, he was an executive producer for this movie. So it is no surprise that the film could almost be made by him. Although personally, I really liked it better than Sant's latest efforts (eg Elephant). <br /> <br /> Unlike many here, I didn't think the movie was difficult to understand or disagree. I thought it was especially a movie that wanted to portray a certain mood - the mood of an adolescent slowly moving in the adult world - but so slowly that the changes were barely visible at all. But I feel that the problem with the movie is that "mind" is not enough ... and not just that, but the mood is painted here, I think was wrongly chosen for the story allegedly happening. The dream-like quality, which is so closely linked to nature, is beautifully captured here, but it is a mood that is much more attached to a much younger child. One who is still really caught up to look at nature unfolds (waves on a beach, grasses and flowers, spiders etc). The rhythm of the movie reminds me of my summers when I was about eight or nine. There is a TALK to the film that is contrary to what a very tense time in an adolescent life should be. If you get trapped in someone's loved one - or it's the object of bullying at school - you're anything but cowardly! There are only two moments that really worked for me in the movie ... SPOILERS HERE - only when Logan dropped the groceries and his mother threw a little fit. The frustrations of an adult dealing with a klutzy child, especially with no father present, really seemed to me. <br /> <br /> The second, and only part of the movie with some excitement, was the screens where "Leah" (Logan's re-creation of himself) calls Rodeo and tries to seduce him in a phone call. The first reason I liked it was because the person who did the voice of "Leah" was the most convincing actor in the whole movie. (It made me think of Claire Danes from My So-Called Life ... the voice even looked like Claire.) She and Rodeo had the only scene that was completely credible between the children. And what I really wanted was the fact that Rodeo pretended to be playing together ... it might be the best moment in the movie than - finally! - We have character development. <br /> <br /> All in all, a little wrong ... we'll have to see what he's doing in his next movie before we can really say much about the directors' possible talents. In the meantime, if he can get away from Van Sant's influence, it can make him a good world. Who is this director anyway - one of Van Sant's boy toys?
