The movie started with Wheeler entering the apartment of his girlfriend. Her aunt (Edna May Oliver - a person too talented for this movie) doesn't like Wheeler - a sentiment that I can easily connect with. The aunt decided to take this blind young woman off to get her away from Wheeler. They left and Wheeler invested in a small mythical kingdom in a revolution because they promised to make him king. At about the same time, Woolsey was in the same little mythical kingdom and he was made king. When Wheeler arrived, it was for the boys to fight it, but they refused because they were already friends - which made people very disappointed because death and the replacement of kings is a national pastime. <br /> <br /> I'm a big fan of Hollywood's Golden Age comedy - the silent era of the 1940s. I have seen and reviewed hundreds, if not thousands of these movies, and in spite of my love and appreciation for these films, I could never understand Wheeler's and Woolsey's appeal - the only comedy team that can be as bad as the Ritz brothers! Despite being very successful in their short Hollywood career (shortly because of Robert Woolsey's early death), I can't help but virtually every other successful team has done the same basic ideas, but much better. For example, there were many elements of this film reminiscent of the Marx Brother's movie, DUCK SOUP. Still, cut NUTS never made me laugh and DUCK SOUP was a stupid and enjoyable skirt. Sometimes Woolsey talked a bit like Groucho, but his jokes never had even punchlines that were even funny! In fact, he just seemed to be blameless. His only funny quality was that he looked goofy - probably not enough reason to put him on the film. In addition, Wheeler had the comic profession of a piece of cheese - a piece of cheese that sang very badly! A missing event was the old Vaudeville routine that later became popular with Abbott and Costello as "who's first" in this movie, but it had no spark of white or timing. In fact, shortly after they started their game, they just ended the routine - so early to leave you frustrated. I knew that "who was first" has been using and used by many teams for many years, but I really wanted to see Wheeler and Woolsey give it a fair shot and give it their own twist. <br /> <br /> Once again, I found another sub-par movie by this duo. While I have to admit that I rather liked some of their films (like SILLY BILLIES and THE RAINMAKERS - which I actually gave 6 on IMDb), this one was a great endurance test to complete - something I find, everything happens too often when I watch the movies of Wheeler and Woolsey. Where was all the humor?
