Final Score: 1.8 (out of 10) <br /> <br /> After seeing 'Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back', I had to be on a big Eliza Dushku kick when I rented this movie. 'Soul Survivors' is a rubbish "psychological thriller" dressed like a trashy teenage shield spot - even to the point of having a masked murderer stable, a film by young people like Dushku, Wes Bentley (American Beauty) , Casey Affleck (drowning Mona) a delicious Melissa Sagemiller. Luke Wilson is also there, ridiculously overlooked as a priest. The movie, the writer / director Stephen Carpenter's cartoon, looks like a mutant progeny of 'Your Eyes' or 'Vanilla Sky' and movies where a character (and audience) is caught in a world of discomfort caused by accident / death. The movie still carries out annoying images and leaves us in a state of confusion all the time until this alternative reality is finally resolved. I don't think these movies are so entertaining to start with, but 'SS' is a rocky cheap movie that you cut. The footage, the screenplay, the acting and the attempt at any originality are all thrown away to movies like this. Plus, it's PG-13 so it doesn't even deliver the Gore or T&A to maintain it as a guilty pleasure (even the unprecedented version is soft). I heard that the movie contains a "hot" shower scene between Dushku & Sagemiller. When the movie fell apart before me and all the other entertainment appeared, I waited patiently for the crash scene - at least I would get something out of it. Then it comes: the two girls get paint on their shirts, they jump in the shower full of clothes and scrub it off. That's it. People thought it was hot? Soul Survivors is one of those deadly boring movies that is so weak and clumsy that it's hard to have any feelings about it. It doesn't matter and is hardly worth rewriting. Eventually it leaves us empty. Carpenter's final is a mess of flickering light and sounding sound and this is probably the most lively part. It will undoubtedly make the rounds as a nightcap on the US or the Sci-Fi channel, due to its low cost and PG-13 rating - and that's probably the best.
