The world is facing threatening destruction and a suicide mission is sent to the Sun to prevent disasters by shooting a bomb in his fiery heart. Yes, it is Sun Crisis, also known as Crisis 2050, which has inflated much of the change that never appeared on the screen. back in 1990 and barely got enough to buy a happy meal for each of the movies in Japan before going straight to video (remember them?) in a reassigned version credited to one Alan Smithee. The plot hook is almost the same as Sunshine's suicide mission to the Sun, sabotaging aboard, logic supply - except that this time they are not trying to redesign the sun, but to explode in time to explode before it can reach Earth. With a talk bomb. Feeling by Paul Williams. Who wants to be promoted so that the crew will take him more seriously ?? Given that the cast also Jack Palance at his most demented OTT, Charlton Heston, at his most rigid, leading Tim Matheson at his most anonymous, original Hills Have Eyes' memorable Michael Berryman (you may not remember the name but you remember that face) and Peter Boyle as the industrialist to sabotage the mission, because if the world succeeds, it will be saved, but its share price will decline, and you will expect if it does not laugh for at least a minute. a laugh every line. No joy. It's the worst kind of bad movie: a boring one. The fate of the world may be in balance, but the whole film is shot with a total lack of urgency or momentum in the same unpredictable deadly slow pace. There is a low key and it goes through it, but here the throw doesn't even matter. Instead, they are silent most of the time watching scenes in the dark. You keep hoping that Paul Williams's bomb is talking about having an existential crisis, but instead the movie is just ... there, and doing nothing. Literally. This is one of the most inert films ever made? so inert that if Clive Owen was thrown, he would have looked almost near. Even a poorly declared suicide recovery attempt fails to make a fritter, as it mostly involves, yes, the role player just stands still and looks at screens in the dark. Even when the bomb is premature in the countdown before it is launched, do they handle the new crisis? stand still and watch screens in the dark as if they had all the time in the world. Traders Ivory Films have better action scenes. <br /> <br /> Things aren't much more vibrant on Earth where the movie spends most of its time with Matheson's son / Chuck's grandson Corin Nemec. spaceport about a barren landscape with Palance's mad desert artist "looking for that note out there while the chicks are still digging me" while being rejected by a Mad Max ripoff and evil corporate packet tracing him so they can ?? Leave him on a beautiful beach. Don't expect logical, if you haven't guessed so much yet. Best moment? An animal girl in a bar who describes Jack Palance as an old man with white hair and a face like rotting leather, although Chucky Baby fired the villain's plane with a bazooka from the hip from an office window or " Beating a butterfly who likes to be his beret, is welcome in a movie that offers 99% of its running time a whole lot of usefulness. Richard C. Sarafian's slightly longer original cut played in Japan offers another six minutes, but is called for a more manageable 17 minutes. The director of Vanishing Point must have thanked his lucky stars when the re-treatment excuses him for taking his name off the film. A movie that is so bad is not good, and it is painfully burnt with it
