"The Bat People" is a proud resident of the IMDb Bottom 100. Every time, the movie suddenly disappears from the infamous list, depending on whether there are new movies with Paris Hilton in the front or documentary on American Idol. star is, but it always comes back reliably. And why? Because, unlike the majority of the crap in the list, "The Bat People" is a legitimate bad movie and it deserves to be there, regardless of any media influences or internet buzz! It's hardly the worst movie ever made, as the basic concept certainly has some charm and ingenuity, but it is still indescribably difficult to put through the whole thing. The screenplay is incredibly boring, with absolutely unnecessary footprints and huge gaps in continuity. Still, the main characters remain aliens throughout the film. In addition to a sensible script, does the film not have spectacular deadly sequences and makeup effects? though courtesy of a young Stan Winston? is ridiculously incapable and remains largely unseen until the end of the film. The title of the movie is inaccurate, since "people" refer to a number in plural, while the story only turns on one Bat person. Much more than Bruce Wayne plays the real Batman in this movie and he also has a real Bat cave and a Bat mobile (a stolen ambulance)! The plot presents a young couple on their honeymoon weekend exploring caves. They wander off a guided tour group and are bitten by a bat trying to protect his wife from the animal's fierce attack. Worried that he was infected with rabies, he was vaccinated at the local hospital. However, he does not prevent him from slowly changing into a bloodthirsty bat. He cuts random people around at night and toys with the suspicious police officer while his loving wife is still very convinced that the uncomfortable behavior is solely due to allergic reactions to the rabies action. Sure, honey! The script never explains why a bat would attack people and how John always returns to a normal person at the beginning of a new day, instead of gradually changing into a permanent state of bat-guano. So basically, "The Bat People" is a variation on the good old werewolf theme, but of course not a very interesting one. The concept has shown much potential, but somehow the subplots are drunk and distorted, rather than abusive monsters. Some of the settings and the filming stations seem impressive, the misfit song played during the credits is remarkably remarkable. There is a bit of gore during the climax (finally!) And the main actress Marianne McAndrew is particularly keen to watch (though not to listen to). This bad and boring movie's current listing in the bottom 100 is spot number 80, and I personally hope it will stand somewhere in that region. The list would simply and traditionally feel without "The Bat People".
