Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II starts at Hamilton High School in 1957, where Mary Lou Maloney (Lisa Schrage) on her date cheats Bill Nordham (Steve Atkinson) with Bud Cooper (Robert Lewis). Bill finds out and is destroyed, meanwhile Mary Lou prom queen is announced in 1957 and goes to the stage to accept her award. Bill, who is still hurt, decides to play a practical joke on Mary Lou so that he throws a firewall on stage, but the slacking fusion captures Mary Lou's dress to set him and her on fire, in seconds Mary Lou toast. 30 years later and Hamilton High will soon hold its annual prom night. Bill (Micheal Ironside) is now the principal and has a teenage son Craig (Justin Louis), who is Vicki Carpenter (Wendy Lyon), and plans to go along. Bud (Richard Monette) is now a priest, that terrible night 30 years ago Bill & Bud is still haunting. One day Vicki watches the school cellar when she discovers a big suitcase that she opens. It seems to be a bad move, as Mary Lou's vengeful spirit is free and intends to claim her crown as prom queen and in her. Free time goes out to avenge her untimely death. First, Jess Browning (Beth Gondek) whose death is being sued, begins to approach Mary Lou's Vicki body the night of the prom. After winning the competition in the form of Kelly Hennenlotter (Terri Hawkes), who tries to fix the prom, she wins. Mary Lou in Vicki's body has been crowned Hamilton High prom queen who will return Mary Lou herself to make an unexpected look and make the party really alive. <br /> <br /> With absolutely no connection with the Original Prom Night (1980) and directed by Bruce Pittman I thought Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II was not a particularly good movie. The writing of Ron Oliver concentrates more on supernatural elements rather than cheap teenage cat themes, whether good or bad, will depend on your expectations. Personally, I found that these different elements didn't really gel or didn't work at all. The whole movie was far too slow to be really enjoyable. After the opening season where Mary Lou dies, no one else is killed until the half hour mark and then the movie goes on for another half an hour until Vicki is finally owned. draws momentum for the climax where an evil Mary Lou kills a whole person at the prom before she is supposed to be defeated, comes on horror film fans who you expected clichéd to "kill killer not dead and right for a successor" you not? Don't expect a high body number, just five throughout the movie & no particular graphics, although I like Monica (Beverley Hendry as Beverly Hendry) trying to hide in a shower block that Mary Lou smashed blood into. The supernatural side of Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II is portrayed by Vicki with many first-hour hallucinations and Mary Lou controlling objects during the last stages, including some spectacular shots of a rocking horse coming to life, the blackboard scene is pretty good, as well as changing it into water and zombie hands, dragging Vicki in it. Hello Mary Lou's pantyhose: Prom Night II is not outstanding. Like Mary Lou, as she looks at the compulsory one-liners, she made a good villain, even though she didn't kill enough people. Oh, and yes, I donated the runners to several other horror movie directors with almost all of the character's guys with one, it doesn't add anything to the movie, but it's a nice little touch I suppose. The acting is OK, but the normally trustworthy Micheal Ironside seems lost and uninteresting almost as if he were asking himself what he was doing about it and if he would ever work again. Forget about a gore, someone is hung up, there is a crucifix on the screen, someone is attacked with a neon light, a computer gets crazy and electrocute is a face (!) And Mary Lou bars from Vicki its body at first as a rotting zombie that was quite a cool scene. There are also a couple of front-end naked shots in the girl's drink, if that is your thing. To give credit Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II is right to watch, has reasonable production values ​​throughout and is generally well made. Overall, I was disappointed by Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II, it was just too slow and finally unconditional to keep my interest for almost 100 minutes. I don't know if it's a 3 or 4 star score, I'll give it a 4 because there's nothing wrong with it. I think and I've put in much worse movies, but it just didn't do anything I was afraid.
