A truly disturbed, cannibalist psychopath, John (Gary Kent, under the pseudonym Michael Brody) who lives in a cave, bumps campers who make the unfortunate mistake of backing up in his desert. Steve (Dean Russell) and his friend, Charlie (John Batis), get a playful argument with their wives, Sharon (Tomi Barrett, Gary Kent's late-wife) and Teddi (Ann Wilkinson) survive in the bush camp themselves. To prove a point, the gals decide to go out of Los Angeles for the desert for a camping tour that disturbs their partners to the point they soon follow. Teddi is set on fire if Teddi is murdered soon if Sharon runs for her life as the men arrive late in the desert due to overheating of their truck. Scared, tired and paranoid, Sharon received some unusual help. John's ghost children! It's right, John's kids stay in the desert, haunting appearances speculating on those who are in the bush, keeping Sharon special, helping to guide her to safety and her friends. Meanwhile, Steve and Charlie soon find shelter from a precipice and the darkness of the night in the very cave where John lives. Cook over a burning fire, the meat simmer is actually Charlie's wife, Teddi! Unknowingly, Charlie eats out of meat when offered by John, who finds the outsiders in his home! Anyway, quick and worried about their wives, Steve and Charlie found out about morning breaks. Meanwhile, John is going into a fight with Charlie, Steve and Sharon in a fight for survival. When Steve suffers a compound fracture between two massive rocks over a flowing river, he will be disabled to propagate such a nightmare scenario. Sharon follows her ghostly young friends for possible safety. They even plead at one point with their father not to kill her. Unfortunately, Charlie doesn't have such friends. <br /> <br /> Director Donald Jones (who also wrote it and broke the movie) has the film in such a breathtaking, beautiful place in the Sequoia National Park, California, where the giant trees tower to great heights, and I look basically at backwood beats for this purpose. For some strange reason I didn't find Jones's direction of the environment very atmospheric. The fear was lacking, although there were some worrying attacks by John using his knife (shot smartly, Jones's camera more than actually on the screen but somehow reached It's still what John's victims do. Within such a picturesque landscape, to see innocent people being fueled by a maniac, this kind of terror raises terror. City staff try to spend a nice few days in a different place to smell the clean, fresh air, enjoy the views of a beautiful view, just to find themselves through a creepy predator with a lot of intimidating knife. Jones tells the story why John is the monster he is, and allows Jones to find his memory to discover his wife's adultery and respond accordingly. She is also a ghost in the desert trying to punish her children. for "vice") and kill her as well as the lover in bed (.. a fridge repairer). The children, sad and depressed, committed suicide and now "pursued" the desert. They still have their father with whom they choose. I realize such a novelty, as ghost children in a backwoods treasure are unique and appreciated by some, but I rather got the idea and stupid to take seriously. They help our heroine escape some potentially dangerous situations, but it was very difficult for me to giggle uncontrollably. The music I found shocking 80's and the performances doesn't matter. I mean, I could respond to the situation they were in because it is indeed frightening to find yourself in an unfamiliar and hostile area chased by someone who knows the area so well. I think the movie is in many ways similar to NOT in the WOOD SALON! To go, except that the forest has the aforementioned ghost children ... Their voices echo when they talk to Sharon, their father or to each other. Gary Kent looks like a dirty George Lucas, with dressed clothes, and losing humanity. As I mentioned above, the violence is not as fluent as suggested, as director Jones can effectively cut off a great deal of penetration, but the way he runs the pieces leaves you quite untouched. Teddi's murder, the violence mostly faced on the surface of a nearby large rock formation, her pleas for John to stop a few times and stab once, trying to crawl away from her predator, a pending look , John,. I've seen better and worse of this kind of slasher movie, anyway, it's pretty mediocre, with some effective shots. I don't really think it's exceptionally memorable, except for the ghost children.
