I mean of all the dark, overlooked, low budget horror movies waiting to be rediscovered in a DVD release, why choose the forest? I love ultra low budget directly to home video or other alternative horror releases. I love 80's hacker horror. I love backwoods slashers with fools wandering in the night to be chased, killed and eaten by psychopaths. I'm all for the idea of ​​non-professionals working on a horror movie, as a way to break into the industry or just make a movie because they want to make one. I'm all for using public places, non-actors, no name talent behind the camera and in the studio. NO PROBLEM! The most striking image of THE FOREST is the opening shot of a couple walking in the distance over a bush in the forest: We see them as small, vulnerable creatures entering a stunned world where people may not be the top of the food chain don't be. most feared predator. Then the movie takes a dive and never comes back - we briefly meet the couple with a backpack, just as they realize they are stalked. They are divorced, both are slaughtered, and then we meet the lead actors of the movie while driving their car in a traffic jam. They meet their respective friends and decide to take a camping tour. Sound of snoring fills the room as people who came to see a movie bike with their cell phones, text messages, people not there, tell them how much the movie sucks. <br /> <br /> This movie is too slow, this movie is sowing, and this movie is too talky. It would not be such a bad thing if the authors said something different to the folks, asinine and unnecessary things. You know your horror movie is in trouble as the character with the most interesting lines is the striking park ranger who warns everyone of the Cannibal Woods. And over these "bushes" they talk so far away from civilization as the overgrown vacant lot behind the soccer fields, only with bigger rocks and a stream flowing through it. There are impressive shots of the forest of the forest, but no real feeling of being in the middle of it. If one of the characters just sat down on the route and waited long enough, someone would come together. <br /> <br /> What's worse about the movie is that it doesn't generate any human interest: I don't know who these couples are and don't care what happens to them. The recluse of the hermit is uninteresting, even though he suggested seeing freshly cooked meat from one of his victims' legs to give spooky bites to her boyfriend. It just happens to seek shelter in his cave. Its irony is the symbol of "underwhelming". Along with a deliberate ominous synthesizer music score, suspicious cinematography looks like someone who tied a camera to a dog, and it follows people's movements, a lack of observable gore, nudity, lurking excitement and unhealthy atmosphere and what We're here is a horror movie that's not as scary as a PBS educational TV show on how magnets work. <br /> <br /> I don't mean to give it to the people behind this movie, as they were obviously in the project. With nothing they pushed themselves to be creative, and ultimately they just had another boring movie over a few maggots haunted by a knife. There is nothing wrong with the concept. What is wrong is the impressive and completely pedestrian way it is performed, to the utterly pointless conclusion when the film comes just over the 80-minute point. The best thing you can say about the BOS is that it is relatively fast and there isn't much to recommend a repeat check. Hence my confusion as to why someone would feel the need for a DVD edition. It was good as a Prism Video rental year strange, as a DVD it would be $ 5.99 rack rate within a month to hit the shelves. There is little or no urgency to see the movie unless you consider making your own ultra low budget backwoods hacker in a public park where no one can charge your money to film it there. Here's a step-by-step guide to avoid. <br /> <br /> With everything that has been said and done, the film had an interesting sequence, or rather a sequence that was so pathetic and unclear that it was a mystery. dried film: The crazy man comes home to find his wife in bed with the local contractor. He sends his beloved, arms to himself with a kitchen knife that seems to have just been made to be used in a horror movie and take off after the interrupt. The guy corners and attacks his quarry, which sidesteps & runs away, just to make the psycho in his footsteps materialize with a bigger sword weapon. The psycho falls back on, and the man comes away. The psychomaterialized again, and again the man came away. Then again! Finally, on the fifth trial, psychotherapy goes out of the way to somehow drop a thrip. How did he arm himself with armed weapons? Is there a supernatural element of this psycho? Since the movie doesn't make it clear, the scene is just a mystery, which is staged to build up tension. The goal remains unclear. The whole movie is so real, without the need to do so and perform it in such a ham-fisted, uninteresting way you can't help but wonder what the point was. <br /> <br /> 3/10, and enough evidence just because you can release a movie on DVD that doesn't mean you have to necessarily.
