The title of these obscure and (almost righteous) forgotten 80-shooter inevitably reminds me of The Cure's mega-smash monster song with the same title, so a piece of lyrics in the title section of this user's comment. I also had nothing else to say it was helpful. But hey, "The Forest" is not quite hopeless and even not really bad. As nothing else, it at least obeys the initially unwritten first line of the 80-year-old shooter: killing someone within the first 10 minutes of play. Certainly you have heard a dozen times before from the basic premise of this movie, but don't let it discourage to see it, because "The Forest" has a few more things to offer than just an attractive sinister cover photo. It's actually a bit of an atypical 80's skater! The main characters are not ordinary brainless teenagers and the writing has solid ambitions for supernaturality. The concept is not always successful, let alone credible, but it is more than interesting enough to keep your attention and there are even some surprisingly strong moments of tension and intrigue to enjoy. Two married couples decide to go camping in the most isolated forest of California, but due to a stupid bet, the women travel separately from their husbands. Barely erected for the night, they get rude visits from a mother looking for her two children, the children themselves and finally the father who is looking for human flesh. The demented family can be real or imaginary, but the women are definitely in danger and by the time they arrive men are already gone. The men also touch the family, and they find out more about the slight dysfunction background. The forest is a strange and unusual film, to say the least. This is not exactly a masterpiece of plot, but the very strange atmosphere will certainly appeal to frank supporters of 80's horror. The murders are rather horrific and will be filmed, including a slit throat and a painful saw-carnage, and the filming spots are beautifully beautiful. The more you think about the story and its abrupt turns, the less it makes sense, so my advice would be to enjoy this strange viewing experience as long as it lasts and not a minute longer. The appearances are just above average, the music is okay and at least director Donald Jones (who is also responsible for the 70-year-old Schoolgirls in Chains) is trying to be a little more creative than the majority of 80's horror movies. Too bad it eventually failed.
