Painfully bad Christmas movie that has an equally painful bad performance by Vince Vaughn, who pays for his usual self, but this time for a children's movie, but with the white or charm that is in his R-rated movies. Vaughn seems to be on autopilot, but most of the movie and he is still in walls with his bright performance. After 30 minutes in the film, you will be in your inner plague and say "Bahumbag" how unfriendly this movie is and after another 30 minutes, you will want to find out about how unbearable the movie got at that time. From all the actors involved in this mess, only Paul Giamatti and Rachel Weisz bring a little bit of life to playing a paper thin role and this is masculine because they are both too good for actors to be in this movie. Paul Giamatti brings some depth and warmth to the character of Saint Nick himself, but he is forced to do Vaughn's level of youthful behavior as they keep their sad brothers and sisters busy. You can see in Giamatti's face that he is not playing his role and showing it painfully in some parts of the film. Rachel Weisz brings a sense of fun and spirit to her role, but she doesn't really have much character to work with and you can see in her face that she is aware that she feels irritated in some parts of the picture. the movie. Luckily for her, she's not in the movie at all and can save his face, unlike Giamatti, who looks like he's going to burn his agent at the end of the movie. The direction also feels uninspiring, as there is no feeling or flow, and it is supposed to be a holiday movie, but it feels as if you are just looking at a fine widow screen that is being broken down. <Br /> <br /> I don't know what went wrong here, but with just two actors involved (Giamatti and Weisz), they tried their best to at least bring something to the table with an infallible script they needed work, spotty direction with no feel for the job at hand (and it's a Christmas movie of all things) and an actor who just doesn't care about his performance (Vaughn), you have a very uneven bad movie that many painful to look.
