An irresistible, overly predictable and light entertaining low budget link of a sci-fi formula we've all seen a hundred times before - a group of scientists who in isolation confront some strangers and in all places (surprise, surprise) Antarctica! <br /> <br /> The movie has James Spader and an almost noteworthy supporting role (except Carl Lewis, who is not really that bad for a non-actor) to strengthen the author's inexorable dialogue. To make things worse, the tempo of the film is slow, there is almost no subplot, and the few action sequences are stereotypical and not exciting. She wonders that this thing goes straight to DVD. What a wonder is why Spader - especially an excellent actor, who won the Cannes Best Actor Award for Sex, Lies and Videoband - won a wonderful job in the innovative sci-fi movie Stargate. this shining project. Or maybe not, if you look at his career, as he seems to have invested his talents in more than the hits. <br /> <br /> The most remarkable thing about "Alien Hunter" is how they managed to beat so many elements of so many great scientific films, and still, the thing so listless and confronted. There are huge borrowed pieces from "The Thing" (both Howard Hawks original and John Carpenter's excellent 1982 remake), "Contact" and "Outbreak"; some tips from 'Alien', CE3K ',' The Andromeda Strain ',' Kubrick's' 2001 (ie 'Alien Black Box') and 'Mission To Mars' (ie the mystery message); and even a little 'Sneakers' and 'A Remarkable Mind' (though not sci-fi movies, they share a 'cryptology' connection). Hell, there are even wheat fields and Antarctica, just like the recent "X Files Movie". And the light translucent spacecraft at the end looks exactly like something plucked from a gorge out. <br /> <br /> It's all done before and done much better, though I will admit that there were some soft surprises at the end. I can say a little more about the plot, but there is absolutely nothing needed. You know more than half of this movie without ever seeing it. (5 out of 10)
