Summary: Something mysterious that transmits radio signals is discovered in the ice of Antarctica. The mysterious block is being excavated and taken to a research station in Antarctica. Julian Rome, a former SETI worker, is introduced to decipher the message. The problem is that one of the researchers is an old friend of his, and the situation is quickly becoming uncomfortable, especially as the other female researchers almost throw themselves to him. And the ice cube with the thing inside melted unnaturally fast. Soon the object is open. However, the secret continues as the object generates a large amount of electricity. It is decided to open the object, but just before it finishes, Julian covers the signal. "Don't open". But too late, and the object explodes when it is finally broken, and two things unleash on earth. The first is a stranger who was dormant in the object, and the other is a virus that kills the research staff immediately. And Washington, who has been suspiciously updated on this historic event, decides that those things cannot be unleashed on earth. Such a Russian nuclear submarine carrying nuclear weapons is sent to Antarctica. <br /> <br /> Comment: The movie has some surprises. One is Carl Lewis who performs surprisingly a good acting, and the other is that the special effects that are beautiful work well and much better than expected. Unfortunately, the story holds many surprises of its own, and this time not in a good way. Actually, it's so full of plot holes that the movies sometimes appear to be almost randomly connected screens. It is never really explained why Washington knows so much, why Washington is able to command Russian submarines, why the object is in Antarctica and has now woken up. It is really mysterious that the foreign pod is transmitted in understandable English. Some may want to explain this to the fact that the stranger was previously the Earth and knew the language (and of course, English, why?). But then it is very confusing why the lovely strangers who apparently want to save the earth from the virus send their "Do not open" message coded! And finally, the end can be as open as an end. <br /> <br /> The movie is a bit entertaining, but too much energy (of mine) must be deduced to fill in the cavities in the plot. Therefore, the overall impression of the movie is not too good. <br /> <br /> 3/10
