Five eyes start as five young teenage girls drive home early for their foyer, stop at a shop and unfortunately become another car and decide to just drive off and leave. Shortly after the other car forced them to stop and a mad woman with a shotgun gets out and yells at them, they take off their clothes and cling to them and then drive randomly. Frightened and shocked the girls think their ordeal is over, but the mad woman comes back for seconds, as she intends to kill the frightened girls and is low on gas ... <br /> <br /> Produced and directed by Greg Swinson & Ryan Theissen with Swinson writes the thing and Theissen responsible for the movies and editing I have to say that Five Across the Eyes is easily one of the worst movies I've ever seen if it wasn't the worst, I mean, I'm struggling to think of a movie I've seen is worse. First let me start by saying that I am sure many of the film decisions made here were deliberately trying to provoke atmosphere, excitement, realism and tension, but there is not one aspect of Five Across the Eyes I did not do. do not have. hate it to be honest. It looks like a bad home video posted on YouTube. And even then it is quite a bit embarrassing and an honest worthless waste of 90 odd minutes of my time that I could do something more entertaining and fun pulling my fingernails out with a pair of pliers. The reviews on the web look pretty positive, but on the IMDb (the number of one-star comments is revealing and they can't all be wrong, right?) And that's the message board I think is much more of an indication of what the average person thinks is absolutely destroyed by almost everyone and the phrase "the worst movie I've ever seen" is used a few times and to be fair, most of these negative comments are the same and I vote with them. The story is terrible, good, I suspect it is minimalist, but minimal? There is never any reason or explanation for the events that happen and it just feels completely random. It's going for centuries, the amount of plot here will struggle to fill a thirty minute countdown program, leaving a full length feature. The dialogue is terrible with these annoying girls who do not have a brainchild between them, but are going randomly and shouting. Oh God, the scream, there are seemingly endless scenes of these girls screaming or crying or crying, which not only irritate and irritate and prevent a healthy viewer from feeling any kind of sympathy for them. It also makes what they are trying to say almost impossible to hear properly. Then there is the right killer, the whole movie being shot inside the bounds of a mini-bus. The camera never leaves the car and if you can think it gets really boring add that the low body setting of only one person killed on screen & Five Across the Eyes is a movie I hate with a passion . <br /> <br /> On a technical level I can see again that the movie style was a deliberate choice here, but I have to be honest again & say Five Across the Eyes is the worst watch movie I've ever seen . As a fan of the movie, I like my movies to look like real movies, as this is a visual medium and I definitely don't want them to look worse than the average YouTube video or my home movies on a camcorder shot while I was drunk. It looks really amateurish and so bad, it's a full eyes and I hate every moment of every second of it. Just think the Blair Witch Project (1999) is only ten times worse, looking and sounding and you'll almost be there. There are times during Five Across the Eyes when you literally can't tell what's going on or happening because of the camera work and the almost black and grainy contrast levels. The violence is too short with a few splashes of blood and a blunt end. <br /> <br /> Low budget doesn't even begin to describe Five, with a so-called budget of about $ 4,000, which is easily one of the lowest budgeted films ever to have given a wide handout. The two vans in the film were owned by members of the production and it is basically almost the whole budget there, those places. The play is pretty bad by the main cast. I just hated all the fake hatred and shout that didn't convince at all, but incredibly irritated. <br /> <br /> Five overlooked as one of the worst movies I've ever seen and I've seen some movies, when someone is asking, I'm the worst movie I've ever seen seen, Five Over the Eyes will definitely be a name. I hate it, every aspect and miserable moment of it.
