I'm amazed. Yes, that's right. I'm really caught here. In no way did I find it terribly, but on the other hand, it was a frustrating experience in macabre hysterical and dark incoherence. The idea behind such a trim, minimal low-budget India production, is not bad, but it is a confused muddle and has done nothing to me in the end. It's amateur and simple; It wants to exploit beyond denial and do so in the late-fashion-fast filming style. We've moved the documentary cord (hand-held) camera everywhere (even though you've never left the bus), and sometimes feel fuzzy and vague, making some details difficult to find. The latter used such a thing, but there are times when it becomes too distracting and even deceptive. Keep it still will help. The context has little foundation (leaving 10 night girls on the way home from a late night soccer match and getting lost on the back roads. In a street they get involved in a small accident that defeats an unoccupied SUV headlamp. "They flee and not too long for the one light SUV to appear behind them. Soon to make their night a memorable trial in terror, most of the time a prolonged, noisy and relentless cat and mouse game is spent. <br /> <br /> As to be disturbing ?? I think it depends. A few moments can shut you down with attention to pain, despair and demented brutality (with good use of piercing sound FX which is more favored with the images and not forgetting the alien background sound effects), but I also pinched myself. . In parts, it can be repellent and intense with a real gradual rush, but hardly credible. The injuries of random characters never seem as serious as you believe, although it should be taken for granted. See how blood runs freely, but it's not quite convincing and can be bored. The constant nocturnal car hunt can do as much before it gets repetitive. We scream, spit, bleed, run, curse, body fluids, and so on. There were also quite unpleasant details. With little right to do, it needs a much stronger manuscript if the virgin is forced to write down one. There were too many curvature moments, and there was not much in the depth of the characters and situation in which they were. It was about pieces, waiting for the next painful encounter and it took it long enough. Helping is that it has an unpredictable pattern. <br /> <br /> The performances; Jennifer Barnett, Angela Brunda, Danielle Lilley, Sandra Paduch and Mia Yi are workman-like with their trapped characters and draw an authentic chemistry to make the manuscript shortcomings in its character foundation. Veronica Garcia's overturned, bug-eyed intensity as the loony driver of the SUV was something ?? yes something. Her character's true motivation for the terrorization of the girls and her unstable state of mind is virtually non-existent. I think it's good enough to be psychotic. Now it's probably the most ominous thing I got in the incident, that awful soundtrack. Terrible techno music, cute hard rock and an overwhelming closing. It never felt exaggerated or in the way, but it went like a sore thumb. Co-directors Greg Swinson and Ryan Thiessen are trying to get the best out of their little resources, but even with the edgy spirit, it's finally a bit of a mystery. Maybe it was nice to make, but it just wasn't.
