Watch TRUTH ABOUT LOVE (Is it a double star over the star?) Is like inserting white sound or crafted water sounds to help you sleep - you put it in the DVD slot because there's nothing else on the store shelves not and you are After a hectic day you should have distractions. And it works for the purpose: being a British romantic comedy is a bit more. <br /> <br /> The story is a very simple one about a woman Alice (Jennifer Love Hewitt) who is married to a growing man Sam (Jimi Mistry) who has put his love life to sleep as a result of the burden of his busy legal practice. His partner Archie (Dougray Scott) loves both Sam and Alice, but has a longstanding appeal to Alice who goes beyond friendship. Alice stares with her sister Felicity (Kate Miles), a free love lawyer, who encourages Alice to have business. On Valentine's Day, after drinking with her sister, Alice sent a ticket to Sam, signed "Anonymous" as a test to see if Sam was responding and testing his faithfulness. At the same time, Archie sends a radish seed packet to Alice, on which he did not enter a suggestive love. Both regret the ex post facto. Sam is actually time with a lover Katya (Branka Katic) and boasts Alice on Alice. Alice arranges commands with Sam via email and phone calls and plans to meet Sam in disguise as 'Anonymous' to test his faithfulness. The whole role-players are trapped in the foolish charade and the end prove that true love must be based on the truth - and how it results in the different gems is the surprise (of the kind) of the fluffy script. <br /> British comedies work because of the quality of writing and the rigorous quality of acting. Perhaps director John Hay chose to place a British actress as Alice instead of putting an ugly accent on Jennifer Love Hewitt. The result can be improved. But in the end, this story by Peter Bloore jumps between lightly humorous and pathetic in his messages. A terrible distraction is a musical score that is consistently so loud that it already covers and is intrusive. There are some nice scenes from London and a few moments of sensible humor, but in the end this little movie is really best used as background music / white noise. Grady Harp
