The story goes like this: A little girl, Katie (Jessica Simpson), decides to visit her boyfriend in the big city. When she arrives, she discovers that he is not as faithful as he should be. Katie then ends up in New York's adventure. Fill in as bicycle messenger comic and beautiful accidents. She falls into a hole in the ground and thus meets charismatic good man Ben (Luke Wilson). It is not love at first sight, at least for her, but fate and Ben will not go so easily. To be a "small town" girl AND blonde some evil drivers at a building firm decide that she is the perfect scapegoat for their clever plan. Misunderstandings follow with hilarious and sad consequences. However, it is one blonde who will not lay it down! <br /> <br /> People who are condemning this movie will soon be wrong. The jokes are confident and fit, and the story is well developed. The relationship between Katie and Ben feels so natural that it was something that Godard created to be ashamed of. The versatile Jessica Simpson once again only surprises with a strong role she can draw. Simpson is really the Marilyn Monroe of our day (there is even one scene that honors her!). She balances perfectly between vulnerable and disgusting. Katie really shows us that you can't judge a book! Luke Wilson is as charming as ever. Even if he was mistaken, the man would be as attractive as anyone. His light touch, puppy's eyes and light back make it difficult to resist. Andy Dick plays the role he was born to play, one of the two diabolical drivers. He can't really be underestimated. The power of the show lies in its self-control. This is remarkable, as most actors will just run away and play it for cheap laughter. Not this guy! <br /> <br /> In conclusion, director Scott Marshall made an intelligent and often hilarious comedy designed to become a classic with theater masterpieces such as Epic Movie and Norbit. Kudos for everyone involved, especially Jessica Simpson. Her sincere smile and heartfelt laugh will make even the hardest man break into a big grin. You can be hard, but you're not that hard! Warmly recommend to anyone wiping their feet and seeing a romantic comedy that once feels honest. Thanks for this movie! Oh, and the soundtrack stone! <br /> <br /> Now if you haven't found it yet. I'm sarcastic. 10/01
