It's a common practice for a film about suppression to be a bit muffled in style and tone. However, there is a difference between the use of restraint and the encouragement of narcolepsy among audience members. In "The Secret Lives of Dentists," starring Campbell Scott and Hope Davis, director Alan Rudolph plays so close to the jacket. This means that it is a movie that never lives much more than a recognition of how teeth are a metaphor. <br /> <br /> Scott gives a good performance in the role of David Hurst, a dentist who is married to another dentist (Davis). Rudolph quickly sets up the dynamics of their relationship - he is completely absorbed in the day-to-day parenting duties, she is quietly disillusioned with their devastating family life - and then saves the tension when Scott may or not his wife with another man. From this point on, the film focuses on whether David will confront his wife Dana about her possible adultery or not, whether she will beat him or not. From time to time, David is being treated to visits by an imaginary 'friend' in the form of a former patient played by Denis Leary. (Death of Brad Pitt's Tyler Durden in "Fight Club"). <br /> <br /> While there is enough uncertainty about Dana's infidelity and David's instability to justify investigation, the last two-thirds of the film is embarrassingly empty of theme or narrative. Instead, Rudolph creates drama from a nasty fever that travels slowly through the Hurst family, resulting in a pointless hospital visit to the movie's climax. The film never falls on the hints that David really does if he is not so dedicated to his family; It also doesn't spend much time looking at Dana's indifferent balance between his family life and her other, more fulfilling ambitions. <br /> <br /> Choosing to spend most of the movie worrying about a fever, Rudolph killed the momentum of his movie. By the time the fifth member of the family becomes sweaty and sick, the film made all the good gifts of Scott's well-measured performance. David and Dana finish their stairs again and again to a less than cathartic final. With nothing to build on the last hour, the conclusion seems uncomfortable and lax. "The secret life of dentists" takes a general theme and does nothing to improve it. Overall, a disappointing, unimaginable movie.
