Yes, I know - you tremble with excitement. Well, * The secret life of dentists * will not upset your expectations: it is solid, but essentially unimaginable, truth, but boring. It's about the story of a married couple who are dentists and who share the same practice (already a recipe for trouble: if it wasn't for our separate work life, we'd all get the ditch out of his own annoyance). Campbell Scott, whose mustache and attitude reminds Everyman as much as Ned Flanders * The Simpsons *, is the gentle, uncle-Pa man, and Hope Davis is the bored-tight housewife who channels her frustrations into amateur opera. . One night, as Dad and the daughters attend one of Davis's performances, he discovers that his wife is singing her frustrations more than just singing: he sees his wife kissing and flirting with the director of the opera. (One fine touch: we never see the opera director's face.) The prospect of conducting divorce, divorce and custody proceedings - only profitable for lawyers - Scott prefers ignorance of his wife's cuts to be submitted. br /> <br /> The literate among you already started: Ho-hum, another story about the Pathetic, Sniper Little Cuckold. But Rudolph, who took the story of a Jane Smiley novella, hopes the goodness of the material will be compensated by a series of flashy, postmodern touches. For example, one of Scott's cricket patients (Denis Leary, staying relatively - and blessed - in control) will later become a kind of dentist's construction, which is a devil-on-shoulder advocate for the old fashion male. virtues ("Dump the b --- h!", etc.). When he is not cut out by his imaginary new mate, Scott is tormented by other fantasies, which include his wife in three directions with two of the male dental assistants working in their practice. It's not too far to say that this movie * Eyes Wide Shut * is for Real People (or Grown-Ups, at least). In addition, Campbell Scott and Hope Davis are definitely recognizable people compared to the glamorous couple Cruise and Kidman. Furthermore, the writing for * Secret Life * is clearly more relevant than Kubrick's. As proof, I portray the dentists' children, especially the youngest one who is about 3 or 4 years old, and whose main expression is: Pa Pa Pa Pa Pa Pa! Dad! Dad! Dad! Dad! Dad! It is the family life, with all its charm. <br /> <br /> The movie would also make an interesting double account with * Kramer vs Kramer *. From 1979 to 2003, one can easily find the Feminization of the American Man. In this movie, Dad is the housewife as in * Kramer *, but he was in no way strangled by the domestic role, unlike Dustin Hoffman, who was too masculine to make toast. Here, Scott gets all the plumbing, such as cleaning up the children's vomiting, cooking, cleaning, and taking the children to what the doctor's after-school activity is. And everything without complaints. (And without direct comment. It is taken for granted only.) <br /> <br /> The film has virtues, mostly related to the verisimilitude. However, it is being subtracted by its insistence on trendy distractions, which culminate in a long scene where a terrible five-day gastric flu makes the household laps. We must endure unrelenting fantasy sequences initiated by the imaginary leader Leary. What existence, incidentally, eventually reminds of the Brad Pitt character in * Fight Club *. And it finally ends the movie's other big mistake: the lack of originality. In this review I realize it's too easy to refer many other movies. Granted, this movie is an improvement on most of them, but still. * The secret life of dentists * is worth seeing, but doesn't get too excited about it. (Not that you were excited anyway, I think.)
