Apparently, none of the previous judges, most of which praised the film for its accuracy, actually read a Louis Pasteur biography. The most glaring inaccuracy is in the relationship between Pasteur and Napoleon III. In the 1930s the latter was always shown in a bad light. Being far from an admirable character, he was an undisputed politician and a self-appointed "military genius" who allowed France to be dragged into a disastrous war. He wasn't the stupid reaction here. He had an intelligent interest in science, and like many other people in the 19th century, a bright future was seen as a result of the improvements it made. From Pasteur he was his Patron, he built a laboratory and provided him with all the resources. what he needed for his research. While the lab was under construction, Pasteur became seriously ill. A bureaucrat, who decided it was a waste to build a laboratory for someone who would soon be dead, ordered work on his own authority. the emperor heard about this, his indignation shook the bureaucracy, so there was talk of a while, and the work resumed quickly. The emperor personally visited Pasteur to comfort him and assure him that he would get his laboratory. The emperor would often bring members of his court to admire Pasteur's projects, and it was clear to all that Pasteur was one of the emperor's favorites. Pastor's greatest concern about the emperor was that Napoleon thought Pasteur was almost a miracle. Le worker who could do almost anything and constantly gave him orders beyond his previous experience. Pastor, a very modest man, always objected, but Napoleon would say he had full faith in him and Pasteur in spite of his doubts, they always had a close and friendly relationship. And after the emperor was overthrown, Pasteur refused to say a bad word about him, grateful at the end of his life. <br /> <br /> The part about his daughter with the baby, and Pasteur who sacrificed his principles to get doctors, never happened. The part about anthrax and rabies, for which he was famous, is generally right, but the notion that the anthrax experiment has raised him from darkness to celebrity is false. He was well-known and respected when it happened. This film is from a dramatic point of view, but much distorted as a biography.
