Hayden Christianson and Jessica Alba are two of my least favorite actors of this century team, which is probably the most beautiful attempt to restore the already terrible The Butterfly Effect. Awake is so boring and so completely uninteresting that you can sleep better. Terrance Howard, who is still recovering from the diabolical August Rush, is making a decent fight as the sadistic doctor looks as if hell is bent on killing Christianson. After looking at his performance, I'd love to help. Alba, who is still recovering from Fantastic Four's rise of the silver surfer. Of course, it is disastrous and irreconcilable as she always was. Only once was she quite brilliant, as it was in the safe hands of master director Robert Rodriguez in Sin City. It may be that Jessica alba is not so poor in an actress, as most give her credit and it is possible that her acting abilities are weighted by poor writing. If so, it would explain Awake. What about a script that would shy away from the 9 out of Outer Space plan. <br /> <br /> Jessica Alba, Hayden Christenson and Terrence Howard star first director / scriptwriter Joby Harold's thrilling psychological thriller about a man who is the frightening general surgical phenomenon known as "aesthetic awareness" , experiencing those who are set out on the operating table remain aware of what's going on, despite being completely paralyzed and unable to call for help. When a successful young man (Christenson) goes under the knife and realizes that the anesthetic did not do his job properly, the horror is quickly instituted if his worried wife (Alba) is anxiously waiting and a frightening drama unfolds in the operating room. <br /> <br /> The first attempt by director Joby Harold to try to work tables that made Final Destination for airplanes turn on a blood-frozen arrogance. The pre-credit series tells us that one in 700 people suffers from a phenomenon known as narcotic awareness, where the patient remains conscious but paralyzed during surgery. One such unfortunate individual is Clayton Beresford Jr. (Hayden Christensen), who wakes up during a heart transplant ... and he can feel every cut. <br /> <br /> Intermittent inventive as it was tortured on psyche, Awake failed to inject real terror into his new premise. Spiral from chilling simplicity to absurd conspiracy, it is hindered by stylized twists of Christensen and Jessica Alba. You wish you had a calming pick before you look? <br /> <br /> VERDICT: Awake is at its best, very relentless. A draw film that no doubt looks better on paper. As a movie, it is very generic and extremely distracted. Awakening fails to inject terror into his new premise. The end result is really tough. Alba and Christian are the least of your worries, as the main mistake of the film lies in its inability to frighten its audience. Awakening is a movie you are likely to penetrate.
