What an unfortunate mess is "Shiner." I wanted to keep this overall anti-film aspirant, and actually found a few moments with powerful resonance. Unfortunately, those moments are little and far between. While I appreciated what Calson was trying to do, there was no benefit that bones tried. No budget kinematics were destroyed with some real horrible editing that didn't benefit the movie at all. <br /> <br /> While bad acting in low is budget (and big budget) movie, Shiner has some remarkable bad appearances that are almost painful to watch. In particular, the "straight" couple Linda and Young Guy. These are the two most poorly written characters that offer almost nothing to the story. The acting is so abysmal and not the actor apparently able to resist or crack, as they are drunk with their horrible lack of skill. The cunning editing almost gives the impression that these roles were completely free and had to prevent the movies from being thrown stereotypically as a strange gay movie. It would have been better than that. <br /> <br /> With all that goes wrong, there are several shows that look like Calson is hoping to get. In particular, the story centered on Bob and Tim. These are the two most richly drawn characters and offer the most rewards with truly engaging performances by Nicholas T. King (Bob) and David Zelinas (Tim). Tim is a boxer with serious problems. Remarkably low self-esteem is disguised by an almost cartoon like arrogance he wears like armor plating. Obsessed by Tim, the seemingly harmless, but eventually creepy Bob, stole the boxer in the classic cat and mouse mode. When the tables are turned and the hunter is hunted, it leads to the film's only true emotional catharsis. In a movie so artificially hard-edged (this is a compliment), a character must break through this revelation (or collapse, as is the case here) and the final confrontation between Bob and Tim offers Zelinas and King the opportunity to few actual plays. . <br /> <br /> As played by Scott Stepp and Derris Nile, Tony and Danny seem to be the focus of the movie, and despite their own bravado moments (including a really disturbing scene of sex / violence) Unsubscribe reveals), but they don't seem to be a cartoon-like art, and it's hard to look at - or beyond their apparent one-note symphony and find nothing but the obvious. <br /> <br /> Finally, the same raw material can (and should) be used to tell this story better. Unfortunately, there is not much to recommend, but the actions of Mr. King and Zelinas really offer something special and a look at what was possible and ultimately worth seeing.
