So, did it really come to this? Are we, as consenting adults, blamed for the next generation of cinema-goers, who don't have a cinematic understanding and celluloid ability? With regard to the Wayans and Co. latest addition to the moving picture scenario; Little male. This UK P.G. (Parental Guidance), a person under the age of twelve must be accompanied by a responsible adult, certified movie, the feature of what has now developed into the worse case of eclipse, as cigarettes from the photos of film icons of the 1950s. <br /> <br /> The predominant among twelve's here, who, without a great oversight, also sat there, obeyed, took possession of everything, unaware of their subject and the partially-grown features that Kleinman portrays . , at least in part. Movies can generally do better than this poor effort, while these nonsense enter them while they are young and fresh. The biggest fear for the future of Cinema is that a child's ignorance can only continue to mature. bliss. Cinema deserves more than that, and so is its growing, and literally, audiences, this blatant cash cow feeds on the ever-impressive young minds. <br /> <br /> There's no cinema experience here, no open eyes wondering, no awesome respect for the magic of movies. "There is nothing but indignation and contempt, because the lack of substance, originality and the rendering of mind, less tedium and parody of everything that is ultimately wrong with the Hollywood machine for the sake of quick money, must we endure cinema audiences like this archetypal disaster movie. <br /> <br /> Will it be like Hitchcock, Fassbinder, Leone, Kubrick and Schaffner in their graves? Money they all chose, no doubt, but talent and exuberance for perfection and quality, and to a great extent respect for their profession and audience, they were never short. Once again we see another cliché of bad taste with the works of the Wayans clan, while the kind of White Chicks (2004) undoubtedly came to the bourgeoisie of American society. The irony here is that the two leading protagonists, who are again played by the Wayans brothers, are so much sheltered, that all recognition does not exist, it also makes a better movie, and that is the actor Terry Crews who White give. Chick his substance and personality, not the Wayans. <br /> <br /> Yet, with their 1970s Blaxploitation movies, like the 1988 movie, I am going to Git You Sucka, which can be seen as a comic and amusing movie, with heavy weights like Isaac Hayes, Jim Brown, Bernie Casey and the beautiful actress Ja'net Du Bois. The fact that the Little One has absolutely no person of any kind, which he is ever, is shallow and narcissistic, without appreciation or value to his followers. He's quick to take your money and before we know it, he hides the chains of commercialism. There is no recognizable attempt at where our money is spent, after Scary Movie (2000) could only go up, but unfortunately they did not do it, no wonderful artistic value and no doubt that the installment of this fearless movie moguls next movies will be straight to the video. One can only hope. <br /> <br /> To some extent, the Wayans created a movie genre. they beat the movie parody, they watered every lane and with their inevitable style. They slowly destroyed the reputation of the last hundred years Cinema has given us. May the spirits of movies be over, as far as their growing audiences seem, because when the bubble bursts, they may be so sensible.
