[Contains SPOILERS !!!] <br /> <br /> Timon and Pumbaa watch The Lion King. Timon decides to go back before the start, until the story really begins. So they go back. Long ago. Back even before Simba was born. Back to Timon's old house, which was miles away from Pride Rock. A clan of meerkats threw underground to hide from hyenas. The worst digger in the clan was a pompous, self-centered meerkat named Timon. His mother felt sorry for him, but Uncle Max just shook his head. Mother suggested Timon to be on duty; Timon had dreams of a bigger and better place there somewhere. Just then, the hyenas arrived Shenzi, Bonzai and Ed and almost killed Uncle Max. It did. The other meerkats just wanted Timon to leave while Timon wanted to leave it on himself. So he kissed his mother goodbye and started. He didn't take very far before getting home. Just then he met Rafiki, who had taught him to look beyond what he saw. Timon had no idea what it meant, so he continued to meet a warthog named Pumbaa, alone because of a flatulence problem. Timon and Pumbaa then come together, but Timon announced their acquaintances rather than friends. <br /> <br /> They soon arrive at Pride Rock, where all the zebra, antelope, wildebeest, rhino, giraffe, elephant and many other simple animals have gathered. What is happening? Timon doesn't mind. They are pushing. Timon saw Rafiki at Pride Rock who lifted up the air he couldn't see. Just then all the animals took a bow. Was it the birth of the new king? No, Pumbaa passed gas and the animals bent to cover their noses; Timon and Pumbaa are trying a variety of new homes, but each one is uncomfortable because of incessant singing or hyenas or a huge stampede of wildebeest! Pumbaa and Timon suddenly find themselves downstream. When they reach land, Timon decides to give up. But then they look at their new paradise. It was beautiful: trees and water fell as far as the eye could see. Timon called the place a strange phrase he learned from Rafiki: Hakuna Matata. Timon and Pumbaa will one day bow to buzzards as they enter Simba. They take him under their wings and become father figures. They teach him the art of eating and taxing insects. Pretty soon, a teenager Simba takes on Timon in a grueling game. Simba won and Timon died ill. <br /> <br /> One day, Simba's childhood Nala arrived. Timon and Pumbaa just knew she would run out of friendship. Suddenly Simba walked away. Nala and Pumbaa race after him, but not Timon. He decided to stay with Hakuna Matata himself until Rafiki had a little sense in him, so he joined Pride Rock with his friends. Timon's mother and Uncle Max then arrive. While Simba is struggling, Scar, Mother and Max are digging a big hole to attack Shenzi, Bonzai and Ed. It worked. Scar is quickly thrown into the same hole where he is devoured by the hyenas. Then everything is fine. Mother, Uncle Max and the rest of the meerkats go with Timon and Pumbaa in paradise, which is Hakuna Matata. Back to the present, Timon and Pumbaa end the movie when tomorrow, Uncle Max, Simba and Rafiki suddenly look at it again. So do Mikkie Muis, Donald Duck, Goofy, Snow White, the Seven Dwarfs, Dumbo, Peter Pan, the Lost Boys, Mad Hatter, March Hare, Genie, Aladdin and Jasmine. <br /> <br /> Well, I have to say that The Lion King 1 1/2 wasn't as good as I had hoped. It was too ridiculous and stupid. The original Lion King was a masterpiece. It had a serious story with light comedy being thrown in. This one was just stupid and made a mockery of it. I swear, sometimes Timon and Pumbaa are just too exaggerated. They are survived to the point of no longer being funny, just annoying. The original voice story is back: Nathan Lane as Timon, Ernie Sabella as Pumbaa, Matthew Broddrick as Adult Simba, Whoopi Goldberg as Shenzi, Cheech Marin as Bonzai, Jim Cummings as Ed, Robert Guillame as Rafiki. New to the film is Julie Kavner of TV's (Too) long-running series The Simpsons as Timon's mother and Jerry Stiller as Uncle Max. Anyway, this movie is not The Lion King III, and it is not II because there is already an II. It only happens after Part I and Part II are a way. That's why it is 1 1/2. Finally, I do not recommend to Lion King's hosts, because it is too ridiculous and volatile. But the kids will love it, so I recommend it to them. I hope this will also be the LAST Lion King movie. Two is enough. "The Lion King 1 1/2". What we expected from Disney followers. <br /> <br /> -
