A director and his crew walked out to the isolated Beal house to make a low-budget horror film about the seven mysterious deaths of the Beal family that occurred in the last century there. Even with warnings by the caretaker, the director does not pay attention to the suspectedly cursed house. One of the crews finds a book titled Tibetan Book of the Dead, using some of its parts for their writing. But if it is red, they bring a ghoul out of his grave. <br /> <br /> Drilling, confusing and sticky, all that is rolled into one is equal to this rare midnight horror production. What feels like an eternity, it never seems to be doing something that is effective from somewhat decent ideas. Although director Paul Harrison's bunch of stressless direction set up some ominous, moody and atmospheric sets. But laziness set it earlier. The whole movie in a film structure takes up most of the movie and in this time it is more or less of great interest. This is not fun either. Think of Bob Clark's "Children Should Not Play With Dead Things" (1972), and now we have older actors in that part. However, I found that "Seven Corpse" is inferior. The script prematurely has a little wink in abundance before it is finally deadly, predictable and with many unfinished possibilities. The inexpensive foundation that entails limited sets didn't matter, but the beautiful, dark look of the house had a foul air on it. Performances of a recognizable b-cast are mainly rigid. John Carradine in a small part mainly sheltered. John Ireland plays a lead director, Faith Domergue's excited actress demands attention and Charles Macaulay prints it. The slow grinding facility is crossed between "Ten Little Indians" and your usual zombie set-up. But it's not all that is endearing, even with its occult and supernatural edge. Hell even throws them into a cemetery action, with no victory. When the rotting ghoul make its appearance ?? Eventually, but a little late. It gets a little better if it is very baffling. Just like the inspired opening, the finish is wonderfully clever. Too bad in between, it constantly pulls. Continuity in many scenes is about non-existence and the death scenes are more exciting and bloody (but indeed poorly executed) in the film they make, what happens to them when the zombie appears. Generic music counts are due to screaming, but honest Gothic clues, and camera work is scarce with a lack of imagination. Shoot and frame. Shoot and frame. Work done. It's a wrap.
