This is the type of movie that actually hurts to admit it really sucks. I sanctify things like this! The early 70's grindhouse flicks with dazzling audio titles and a shocky low-budget atmosphere usually rock. "House of Seven Corps" seems to have even more trumps as the role-play is a gathering of great genre veterans (including John Carradine, John Ireland and Faith Domergue) and the filming places (the titular house, the cemetery) are of course advisable for a gloomy story of terror. The film opens with its absolute biggest and most haunting memorable rows, but unfortunately, they are the only ones that qualify as such. The credits are a beautiful montage, complete with freaky color effects and horrible freezing frames, which illustrate how the titular home received its notorious reputation. The last seven owners have been mysteriously murdered here and the credit show shows their congratulating final moments. Someone fell on the balcony and shouted, drowned a lady in her bath, and another female hung from the ceiling and four macabre tableaux. Needless to say the house is cursed and the uncomfortable actions of the t-supervisor Price (Carradine) just doesn't strengthen this reputation. In other words, the house is the ideal turf for award-winning director Eric Hartman (John Ireland) to shoot his satanic horror film project. The film-inside film structure is what causes "House of Seven Corpse" to be so boring and insignificant. Many movie footage is being wasted on crew members who are filming and dragging movies in the camera? even worse ?? Faith Domergue and Charles Macaulay, who portray horrorly unbearable actors stereotypes. The plot eventually gets a bit interesting (just a little, do you think) when one of the characters read a few lines from an occult book and accidentally wakes up a rotting body in the backyard. The asthmatic (judging of the sounds he produces) slowly swears at home and kills the entire film crew, reminiscent of how the previous seven in bodies have changed. After a running time of about 60 minutes, the film suddenly turns from humdrum to just strange and confusing. I'm still not sure if the final strife has to do with the concept of reincarnation or coincidence and all the remaining characters suddenly appear to be major transformations shortly before they die, for some reason. I honestly regret to confirm that "House of Seven Corpses" is a pretty horrible movie. The sites and scenery are chilling but not nearly used to the full effect and there is a serious lack of horrible bloodshed. Several low-budget 70's gems were surprisingly gross, so the lack of financial means is no excuse and the film-in-movie murders really do not count. Even the always reputable veteran stars deliver hammy performances and Harrison's direction is completely uninspired. Not recommended unless you think the zero cool four and a half minute opening opening fittings are worth buying a copy.
