I made three remarks to make about this movie, which I discovered that I was eliminated in a lower rack at Blockbuster. First, it is interesting to see the approaches that filmmakers are trying to film essentially unmeasurable works. Some, like Kubrick did with "Lolita", got the original writer to write a script similar to the original work. Of course this can't happen here; Kraft-Ebing has long been dead. Some have used the site of the original work as a starting point to go in a completely new, unrelated direction (the recent adaptation of "Tristram Shandy" comes in mind here). You can dumb it - the film of "Slachthuis Five" is an example of this in my mind. Or you can simply take the format of the original and try to make it into movie vignettes. This would be the approach of Woody Allen's "Everything You Wanted to Know About Sex", and probably this movie. Considering this is probably the only thing one can do with a scientific work such as "Psychopathia Sexualis". The potential loss is that any cumulative point that had the original work was obscured or destroyed. And so it is here. <br /> <br /> Point two is the movie style. Some would call it a "tribute" to Murnau, Pabst, Carl Dreyer, etc., but I think it's rougher than that. It is too heavy handed and self-conscious to be effective for a long time. It's finally just annoying. <br /> <br /> Point three may be a less intellectual observation. How did people make a film about wild sexual disorders and perversion that is so incredibly boring? I found the movie impossible to pay attention to, and anyone who does not automatically depict sexual disorders will also find it. I don't want to be completely flawless and say the movie is useless, but I have to say that any point the filmmakers have made is quite obscured by the nature of the source material, the open copying of cinematic styles and the stubborn refusal to hear the audience. to engage at an emotional level (possibly for fear of being accused of titulation). <br /> <br /> The movie is a dubious exercise from the beginning and doesn't really work for me, I'm sorry to say.
