Dreamgirls, despite Tony's fists, winning an incredibly weak year on Broadway, has never been a jewel in the crown of stage music. However, it is not to say that in the right movie cases it cannot be placed on the screen and polished. Unfortunately, what screen transfers are basically a slave faithful version of the stage hit with all its inherent weaknesses. First, the score has never been one of the strengths of this production and the film does not change that factor. There are many songs (maybe too much?), But few of them are especially memorable. The closest thing to striking songs is the title song and One Night Only - the very famous and I tell you I'm not going, is less a good song than a dramatic piece for the character of Effie (Jennifer Hudson). The film is smooth and technically well-produced, but the story and characters are surprisingly thin and lacking in any resonance. There is some interest in opening hours, as Jamie Foxx's Svengali-like driver manipulates his actions to the summit, but it takes a back seat in the last part of the movie, when the story is trying to shoot him comfortably. a villain, despite being right from a business standpoint for a good majority of the film. Beyonce Knowles is nice and sings her songs well, but is stuck with a character that is basically all the surface glitter. Anika Noni Rose as the third member of the Dreamgirls trio literally has nothing to do with the whole movie. Eddie Murphy makes himself well-known as a singer, naturally based on James Brown, but the role is not particularly flattering and ultimately has little impact. Foxx seems to be ideal pouring, but it seems weird and bored. The film's biggest selling point is surely former American Idol contestant / Oscar winner Jennifer Hudson in the central role of Effie White, the group's temperamental singer and a triumphant closing action. For me, Effie was always a big problem in both the show and the movie. The movie obviously wants you to feel sorry for her and rather keep her hand, but I have never been sure that this character deserves this commitment. From the beginning, Effie mostly performs like an unpleasant selfish, self-centered diva who is more interested in what everyone else can do for her, rather than having much interest in the group she is part of. When she is called from the group for her unprofessional and bad attitude, the charges are more than well founded, but the stage show / movie seems to think Effie should be cut unlimited just because she has a good voice. Although the film is trying to soften some of Effie's harder sides to make her more enjoyable, the charges still stand. Her story becomes more manipulative by suggesting that she should have our further sympathy because she is an unusual mother who struggles to increase her daughter - with the implication that (much like the talent card) motherhood immediately makes any behavior excusable. In fact, the only major effort the film makes to show Effie's motherhood is to tell us about it and then include a scene where she barks at her daughter in the unemployment office, insisting the girl "has no father not "and then refuse to seek profit to support them as singing is all she knows. In the hands of a skilled actress, the gaps might be restored with technique and charisma. Unfortunately, Hudson is not that actress. She sings well, but the dialogue-driven moments do not come to her, and do not do emotional moments. Effie's signature moment (the aforementioned and I tell you ... number) was sung by Hudson, but emotionally flat in the acting department. Effie is supposed to express her anger and despair against her trouble, but Hudson comes out as a cabaret film that has a hot number. All in all, not the emotional highlight one expects. The latter part of the movie is basically a predictable blend of events that Foxx maneuver in Hudson's earlier position and allow her to hide and glorify it all over. Foxx's criminal offenses in the movie are undoubtedly in the hands of many struggling record producers, but the film's apparent implication that he did this because he helped collect the disco era is rather ridiculous not to mention pretentious and Disgusting, especially from a movie with the whole depth of a puddle. The end result is a faithful representation of the stage hit, drained of emotion, energy or anything that can be described as dynamic.
