Before I start, I would like to say briefly that this movie was in itself very well made and well behaved by all those involved, including Whittaker, who indeed deserve his nomination. It is very entertaining, and. . . Taken in the right context as a work of FICTION, it's a very good movie. For that I give it the two stars. <br /> <br /> But rather than wasting your time reading what you can read a hundred times elsewhere, I want to show the absolute fictional nature of this movie and how dangerous it is to sell people a work of fiction as if this is true. I emphasize that this film does not let us know in the credits that the main character, Dr. Nicholas Garrigan, a complete invention of fiction is not. On the contrary, it offers this character in a true historical setting and lets the uninformed viewer assume that he really was and what they see is the truth. I have no problem mixing facts and fiction - but to do so in such a dishonest case is in a word rejected. <br /> <br /> There can be no doubt that Africa, along with most Third World Countries, is big with human misery and suffering. Hollywood has long been trying to capture the suffering of people in these countries on film. But Hollywood also has an eye for making money. The only real way to find out what is happening everywhere, but the West, is to experience it yourself, or at least in an honest documentary version. <br /> <br /> But these depictions of fictitious characters in real historical settings can do just as much. At the end of the day it becomes less to imagine the facts for the viewer to decide for themselves, and more to guide you from image to image and to hit you over the head: "Say, we thought you were crazy ! " The last example of this can be found by anyone who is willing to watch the documentary document on the DVD after they have been filming. The most shocking image of the movie is probably watching the body of Kay Amin, Idi's second wife, whom he killed when he discovered her infidelity. In the film we see that her limbs are cut and tied in reverse order (arms for legs and vice versa). This is the director who makes sure you understand that Amin, like the Gungans, is bomb-bad! But look at the documentary, we learn that it is nothing more than a myth, which is not true of the Health Minister's meeting at our time. <br /> <br /> So. . . what. . . they just do these things? Why? Because Hollywood has a low opinion of our intelligence, that's why! They don't trust us to get ourselves right. Seeing that she was murdered and murdered is in itself enough to come to the conclusion that Amin is not the sweet man he portrayed to the media - we do not need these Texas CHAINSAW MASSACRE-inspired images to strengthen it ! And that's just the tip of the iceberg. What is not explained to the casual viewer is that the main character Garrigan himself is fiction. There was no young Scottish doctor under Amin's wing. As such, Garrigan is clearly present to help us dumb Westerners understand the African world. The producers seem to be not interested in a movie about Africa unless there is a white face in it. (Ironically, even the titular character is portrayed by an American black actor!) The problem with this is that the movie is no longer a disincentive of Amin and his regime, but an elusive thriller about a white western who is after Africa comes for all the wrong reasons, making several terrible mistakes, and then "redeeming" itself, even at the expense of three other innocent lives. Frankly, I must say it is almost despicable to suggest that the actual tragic death of Mrs. Amin was the result of a printer with a fictitious Scottish doctor - it seems almost a morbid joke for entertainment! I really wish Hollywood would stop us from smelling our money. I noticed for the first time that he was inclined to do so with the exquisite manipulative A BEAUTIFUL MIND, Ron Howard and Akiva Goldsman's pure sweet adaptation of John Nash's life, which removed the dark side of the man to just torture hero that America can only get enough of The sad truth is that Hollywood has been selling these mistakes for years, and viewers who are predictably and understandably lazy or unpleasant to investigate themselves, buy these false portraits hook, line and sinker. <br /> <br /> Look, I'm definitely not suggesting that Amin be changed into a villain, he wasn't. My point is, with the truth so shocking enough to convince us of the brutality of the man, why should Hollywood be so fiction long? Why should Hollywood still insult us by holding our hands through these movies? Why can't they trust us to think for ourselves? Can't we just put the honest images on the screen and let the audience decide? I appeal to all who are watching Hollywood's "real" movies to do the favor of investigating yourself and never accepting what is on the screen even close to the truth!
