Forest Whitaker's performance is becoming more and more impressive, making it almost worthwhile to sit through this drink. "Historical fiction" does not justify the change of history. The absurdity begins with the imaginary main character James McAvoy playing. Creating a fictional observer for the purpose of giving the reader a point of connection in the book is a pity, sorry that white people cannot read a book without a white protagonist, but at least he is placed in a little passive role. Setting up a fake historical actor and crediting this fiction with the exposure of Amin to the world is irresponsible, lazy and stupid. Not to make the creation of this creation credible or even sensible is just criminal and opened the door to movies like the one they want to make with Leonardo DiCaprio as a lucky Enron whistleblower who never existed. The world's logic does not apply in this film where some Scottish children think it is good to sleep with the wife of a murderous dictator. This does not apply where the dictator's wife wants to sleep with a silly, fearless white boy. For this reason, everyone was sleeping with this mischievous, irresponsible, arrogant white boy. He even licked Gillian Anderson with her fine pails. <br /> <br /> Let me declare, I don't like James McAvoy. I'm not sure what it is about him, but I thought she was mr. Tumnus in Narnia was creepy and perverted. I think Kerry Washington will never look at him twice, so I can't believe that the woman of a powerful dangerous man like Amin would lose her risk and lose her life for him. I don't believe him as a doctor, and I just don't see the appeal. His character looks much more arrogant than it makes sense, and tries to make him look like a bad thing to shoot the cow. Right there that word ... absurd. Think about it, you look at all these characters bend themselves into knots to accommodate this incredible main character and there was never such a man. <br /> <br /> Gillian Anderson looks incredible and sounds more Brits than most British. Whitaker gives a huge expansive magnetic display, and emphasizes, with his incomprehensible pre-Oscar speeches, just how much he performs. It is a pity that the film had no reason to exist around him.
