"Women? They're all scrapers ...!" <br /> <br /> No, not a good translation; not at all! It lies behind the previous year's "Dad's Army", which completely misses the special small-screen magic of the original television sitcom original and doesn't interest the big screen at all. You can only say that this movie represents a British decline, and even if it is, a * British film industry * is falling. And it's hardly a recommendation, is it? To be an example of sad folly ... All that remains to the subtle of the original TV is surgically stripped, by Cliff Owen, Galton and Simpson: endless, dilapidated musical clues, yawn from the Ron Grainer theme ... enhanced sentimentality (that shabby, thick-eared ending ... the stronger the second Steptoe movie looks compared) an increased seediness - with director and writers completely detaching themselves - fully applicable to something like the 'misunderstood monstrosity' (yours on this site) from 1973, "The Mutations". There is a strange cut, sneaking scene about the scene where Harold is hit in a rugby club, that I partially hate and reclaim (so far, as a friend from the TV series spoken ...), but at least it looks like an original slope and tension pattern that only comes to light in Britain in 1972. However, there is an implied prostitute, who is a "heart of gold" that becomes a loose woman. -traitor 'pon poor auld' Arold - and out of caricature writing of the 'class' element; Not to mention, surprisingly biased actions of the usually redoubtable leads. Brambell and Corbett join the script, and indeed fail to cure it of a necessary ham. What would Anthony Aloysius Hancock have made of it? I will only give it a few moments on work - mainly those where G&S play a little more carefully and play the B & C approach nerves - and that's not an unshakable relationship. <br /> <br /> But and oh, how hard it is to say this: it is tiring, boring, deliberately disconnected from the reality and that has made the TV series big and in line with lazy, foolish, misogynist "fuck it, it'll do ..." reality of much of what is allowed to pass for the mainstream film-making in Britain of the time.
