OK, let me admit that I haven't seen any other traders of Ivory (the distributor) films yet. I also no longer saw celebrated works by the director, so my ability to discuss before the Rains goes beyond the film's own analysis. With that access, let me start. <br /> <br /> Before the Rains is another kind of movie that doesn't know what genre it wants to be. Initially, it makes it a romance. In most novels, the protagonist falls in love with a supportive character, separated from the supportive character, and sometimes with his or her partner. This film's hero has already won the heart of his lover, but cannot be with her. His name is Henry Moores and her name is Sajani, and they live in southern India during the devious days of the Raj (British imperial rule). Henry has long since left London and fell in love with his Indian girl, despite his legal marriage and child overseas. What could be better than that? They often slumber for intimate afternoons until some children notice them. Word spread to Sajani's husband questioning her involvement with Moores. She denies any contact with him, but Moores asks her to leave the area. Sajani refuses to commit to her and commits suicide. Please note that these events occur in the third third of the movie. The film changes tone and becomes a crime drama in its final parts. <br /> <br /> Sajani's body is discovered, as Moores' family visits. The alleged offender is Moores' English-trained assistant T.K. TK knows about his master's case, but remains silent until his life is threatened. Once declared innocent, he tries to regain his honor by killing Moores. TK is too sick and let him walk in a dirt road as the rain falls. <br /> <br /> I want to warn you, it's not a romance movie. The DVD cover and theater posters show an Indian woman and white man embracing in an idealized tropical environment. This picture is captured directly from the opening of the film, but quickly disappears. Then it's over. It seems like an attempt to capitalize on Western fixation on forbidden love. It is not effective at all. Not only is the movie not a romance, but its characters have no personality. They are bundles of walking cleats. Moores is an arrogant white man who does his Indian friend, T.K. does not recognize his intelligence. TK torn between his own heritage and his educational background. Sajani is a woman who doesn't have a choice in her romantic life. Oh, and of course, Moores' family is curious about Sajani's death, but still slightly racist towards Indians. If the tone wasn't that serious, I'd be prepared to ignore these issues, but it's not. The film is presented with a didactic overtime that emphasizes its poor character development. <br /> <br /> No, this movie is not terrible. Unlike the ridiculous script, it's not poor. The actors are all experienced and play well here. Nandita Das, who plays Sajani, was part of the wonderful Indian drama Water. Even director Sivan has an impressive resumption. He recently won the Terrorist, which is part of Roger Ebert's "Great Movies" collection. What happened here? Why is this movie so bad? Well, Sivan said he was inspired to direct this movie because he had a brief review in Israel called Red Roofs. Apparently the story was "timeless", and Sivan tried to create a similar experience that took place in 1930's India. I have no problem with this approach, but I think Sivan could have been motivated this time. The actors, cinematography and set design are acceptable, but if you don't share Sivan's aura, you probably won't like it. My recommendation is that you assume you are not in line with him and look something else. Final Consensus: * and ½ from *****
