I can understand after seeing it again for the first time in many years how it is considered one of the worst Laurel & Hardy's. For me, it's not as close as bad to "Air Raid Wardens" and "The Bullfighters", but there are some big mistakes in it. The film was set up to show Laurel and Hardy as the owners and instructors of the dance studio. Hardy is funny as the premier lead of a London bridge dance, surrounded by the stars of the 20th century Fox. In the next room, Laurel teaches the beginner's ballet while wearing a ballerina outfit. An unashamed carpenter spills cloth on the floor, resulting in a predictable gag where Hardy ends the loser. Then, in come the racketeers, now selling insurance cover their protection racket. One of them is a very young and attractive Robert Mitchum. But they don't even kid the boys to buy insurance. They are being arrested. <br /> <br /> This is the end of the gangsters and the last time we see the dance studio. The rest of the film is dedicated to Laurel and Hardy's support of rich patron Trudy Marshall and her inventor boyfriend, Robert Bailey. They are first trying to help hide their relationship from her disapproving parents (Matt Briggs and Margaret Dumont) and hopeful advocate Allan Lane, who we can tell, is a good pig. It leads to Briggs's hidden bar, which is tees-total Dumont, and a gag where a clothing is literally pulled out of the rich patriarch, which supports its bed in a pond. When Bailey uses the boys to help display his shotgun, pandemonium follows. The dead pan-butler announces to Case and Dumont that their home is on fire. <br /> <br /> Later, Hardy wants to use the insurance policy to earn money to pay for their dance studio rental and hope to break Laurel. a leg to do this. There is no reference to the fact that insurance sellers were gang members and that the policy was likely to be invalid. (Even if they became legal insurance sellers after being arrested, their licenses would have been revoked). Laurel ends up with a bus left by the driver over a so-called rabid dog (just a decorated, delusional Toto look, or possibly the real pooch), which causes Oliver to run on a large beach roller coaster. somehow the bus landed, which fit its wheels perfectly to the tracks. Roller-coaster gags can be exciting, as evidenced by "Abbott and Costello Go to Hollywood", and this one is amusing but anticlimactic. <br /> <br /> As the story lapses, it seems that all of these gags are no point, the impression that it was just a series of one-reelers made up to make a full-length feature, hopefully part of a double account. L & H, as I have mentioned in other reviews of their later films, has lost much of their luster after leaving Hal Roach's service, but surprisingly here they are not as old and tired as they made in films no. year. If the gags were not as amusing as some of their other movies, it would definitely have a "2" instead of a "3".
