For the fans of Laurel and Hardy, the 1940s and then a very sad time for the team. Their contracts with Hal Roach Studios have expired and now they were "free agents". They could work for any studio they offered a job. Unfortunately, Fox, RKO, MGM (without Roach) and even a French movie company that hired the boys, got absolutely nothing for their comic talents. Plus, Stan and Ollie were much older and saw these geriatric men who were talking, looking nice, not very funny. Stan was very much affected, and Ollie's weight had flown to the point where he could barely walk, and so it made me laugh uncomfortably at their very, very calm. <br /> <br /> In addition to their age, this particular movie suffers because Fox Studios has cast them strangely into a supporting role and created a parallel plot with a young couple - something that reduces their time on the screen and changed them into careless "hangers" instead of being themselves. A cute, cuddly Stan and Ollie are very strange to the old Laurel and Hardy of the 20's and 30's - and it was very strange and they were poorly fit. <br /> <br /> Now, even with their age, it can be a decent movie if it's decent writing and if it looks like the studio is cared for - and it's clear they've used the B unit here - with the best second-class support. In particular, there is very little laugh and the last 10 minutes of the movie is simply scary - solely on a messy backstop screen for the stupid pursuing scene - which may be just one of the worst of its kind movie history. <br /> <br /> For sensible zombie lovers of Laurel and Hardy, it's probably a movie they will love. But for the lovers of the team who are willing to honestly evaluate this movie relative to their amazing previous movies, it simply comes up. In fact, from all their full-length movies before 1940, I can't think of one I liked less than DANCING MASTERS. Unfortunately, from the post-1940 movies, it might be just one of them. Unfortunately, it got much worse - with miserable movies like THE GREAT STATE AND NEWS, BUT PROBLEM. I just wish the boys retired from SEA shortly after SAPS. <br /> <br /> Finally, I wonder if all the positive reviews for this movie on IMDb can reflect the judges' love of the team more than it's an indication. that this is a good movie? For an audience not already in love with the team, I don't know HOW this movie will do anything else - it certainly won't convince anyone that Laurel and Hardy were comic geniuses. But even comic geniuses require material worthy of their talents.
