This movie uses all art house cliches (slow pace, long static shots, minimal dialogue) to hide the fact that there is really nothing worth looking at here. There is no plot to speak, the characters are sad or cliché (Tersteeghe's character), and they never talk to each other about anything about their unpredictable lives. The film is centered on a woman who finds out about her adultery. Instead of confronting him, she takes half-hearted revenge by committing adultery herself. After a fight and reconciliation with her sister - who knew about the adultery without telling her - she asked her husband to cheat on her. They seem to be reunited as a family. Two other story lines - the planned shift of the woman's elderly father with his young wife to Guernsey and rivalry with the woman's sister - do not offer interesting developments. The suicide of a colleague of the woman who appears to be in the movie is not a subject in itself. For 2005 - or any other year for that matter - it's not enough to make an interesting movie. <br /> <br /> Also, what little potential for dramatic development in writing is not being used or is being deliberately avoided, such as when both the woman and her sister mark a particular piece of furniture from their father's house because of his planned move will be sold. Both sisters want this particular piece and have given their rivalry in the past - about much more important things than furniture: men - this can lead theory to a confrontation. Or the case can be solved by one sister who gives the other side. Either way, this would not be a very interesting or original development of the story, but it would be a bit of a development anyway. The film makes this situation clear (with both sisters hitting each other during the marking and one sister saying she doesn't want to draw straws), but it deceives us from any resolution: the scene ends simply and how it rather dreams and materialistic - Problem solved, not shown. <br /> <br /> Although it is almost completely absent, the dialogue in the film is immaculate and lukewarm. For example, when a visit to Guernsey during the visit to Guernsey is addressed, the 2 sisters addressed their rivalry. It's in a three-line dialogue that is a childish "yes that's - no it's not". The battle and reconciliation scene with the 2 sisters is completely without dialogue. It gives a highly artificial, stylized and unrealistic impression and significantly reduces its impact. The way the woman finally - finally! - Addressing her husbands adultery in a single dialogue, should be seen as belief - and at the same time totally unbelievable. The man does not seem to have any noticeable reaction, or if he has any, it is not shown. The woman does not call her own adultery against her husband. The scene in which the woman, husband and their young son fell asleep on a sister-watched plane may be considered a happy ending, but the way the characters have addressed the problems of their lives what has happened before makes it unlikely. <Br /> <br /> Due to its slow pace, uninteresting story, leading direction and absurd lack of dialogue, I found this movie as an example of everything that could be wrong with an art house movie and a total waste of time .
