Slither is a horror comedy that doesn't really have enough horror or comedy to qualify as one or the other. It has a particularly good scene, any number of singers working, but very little actual scares and not enough humor to maintain the movie. In addition, the writing does not focus on the hero and heroine and goes out in several places. <br /> <br /> A big shortage of this movie is that it is being launched and then its hero (Fillion) is followed Grant Grant (Michael Rooker) as he is first introduced and then becomes the monster. This whole piece of movie dragging - Michael Rooker's character is not as interesting to us as a human being, and watching him go through a series of moves, while in the monster's interest, would be interesting than that Grant was - Portrait of a Man Turn into a monster rather than a horror comedy alien invasion movie. In the final analysis, this movie's problems are in the script - it's not as important to hearing how the monster behaves or propagates. The purpose of a horror comedy is to set up the heroes in a corner with shotguns and then throw mistakes on them, crashing with anyone who is tearful or disgusting. Instead, we get an exploration of the stranger's habits and tactics that just drag this part of the movie. The apparent heroine (Elizabeth Banks as Starla Grant) is more central to this part, but I felt that the movie had left its narrative track, unless it planned to follow Grant Grant to the end. <br /> <br /> When Fillion and his posts finally confront the stranger, the movie starts to boil, but again the problem is in writing. By now, the audience - and the characters need to know - knows that Grant not only suffers from illnesses and, as a result, (shotguns) - instead, they constantly face increasing evidence that it is not something " let's not get you to a hospital "help. Although their responses could be human and real, they were characters in action and had to do just what the film had promised - delivering action. A lack of action scenes in a movie with so few ideas like this is a great failure. <br /> <br /> *** SPOILERS AHEAD *** After the first confrontation and the eruption of the alien larvae (a minor character and perhaps the best scene in the movie), the script reveals the movie. At this point, one of the characters is almost taken over by the stranger and develops an insight into the stranger. The writer-director (Gunn) chooses as a completely new character, rather than one of already-developed minor characters. Why? Why was he introduced to a completely new character more than an hour in the movie central to the plot? By the time this character is attacked, we know almost nothing about her and can care less about her, even though she is a winning teenage girl in her bath. If Gunn decided not to use this character and used only one of the established minor characters, he could have completely avoided introducing her family and saving time and money. Furthermore, the hero and heroine would be filled to the stranger's plans without all the additional characters, and could have been to blow up all the aliens earlier and with more power. <br /> <br /> My last criticism is based on the movie's appearance. Gunn is mainly a writer, or maybe it was budgetary restrictions, but this movie looks ugly and uninteresting. Most of the action takes place at night in the bush or on a field, and the screen just looks dead. The sets in Wheelsy (the fictional town where the action takes place) look cheap. The whole movie looks cheap. Box Office Mojo says the film's budget was $ 15m, newspapers say $ 29m, and as they didn't use a call talent, I would say the money didn't appear on the screen. The monster is just repulsive and rarely looks dead. <br /> <br /> The last criticism is based mainly on the reality of the character's actions. By the time Fillion and Co started grabbing the Grant / stranger, one woman disappeared and Grant was known to have mutilated animals. At this stage, I expected the FBI or at least the State Police to arrive and take over from the hick Sheriff. A woman has disappeared and probably killed, and a local is psychotic. Time to call the authorities. But basically I was hoping it would happen because I just wanted characters that would appear and ACT. <br /> <br /> Although this movie is apparently a horror comedy, the movie is most similar to Dreamcatcher. terms of monstrous invasion and the type of monster and its intentions. While Dreamcatcher had much bigger story issues (especially the Morgan Freeman subplot) and especially the end, it was in many ways stronger, mainly because the main characters were stronger, but more important because it looked beautiful. Although it may be anathema - the film that is weaker prefers general plot and structural backbone due to production values. It just shows how uninteresting I got the look of Slither.
