This movie admonishes me. It may be that I'm just a stupid American, but I really only get 400 beats. Everything I read about this movie was a total rave, but I just couldn't be interested. I'm sure it was revolutionary in movie recording, as all the critics say, but if it's right, it's just really boring. Maybe it's the language barrier, I just can't be "sensitive" or "artsy" enough, but regardless of the case, I hated this movie. The story itself is not bad; It's about a young French boy who is treated unfairly by his parents and his teachers, and eventually ends up in a youth facility. This in itself should be interesting, and it was only. There was nothing wrong with the dialogue, but then it's hard to say because half of the conversations were not subtitled and for no apparent reason, so I didn't always know what was going on. But for the dialogue we could understand, it made sense. The actors were credible enough, but it's hard to tell what a real person would do in these situations. So you feel the main character, but just in the sense that when he gets into trouble, you think that sucks. The plot is not even your typical plot. Every time he gets in trouble, he gets more trouble than the last time, but the reasons never vary too much. And throughout the film, you realize there's nothing that the main character really can do about it. So, it's more like just waiting to see how it ends. By the way, the end was completely over my head. It's too much for me, and I just didn't get it. Leaders to the end were easy enough to follow. Surely the structure was there, and it also made sense, but everything was really drawn out. For the amount of dialogue and significant moments, the movie could have been shorter an hour. It just didn't end. Part of it was the unnecessary long shots, of which no reason was especially memorable; For example, the end was a clip of the main character walking in a country road that lasted a good thirty seconds. Now I'm sure there was a deeper meaning somewhere, but for the average viewer I'd rather get more food at that time. Or at least something more useful than sitting and watching this boy run, like doing my laundry or making a nap. <br /> <br /> Final verdict <br /> <br /> The feeling throughout the movie was that it would probably be very mobile and just wonderful and that it would teach me a nice lesson if I could get what the director is trying to say by his ?? unique decisions. As it was, I just spent a good two hours of my life.
