This movie aka "the four hundred blows" is a mistranslation. For less than 400 coups "means" to lead a wild life. As a French, I'm amazed if I see the popularity of this stuff, but not an excellent movie at all. 1. This is not the first film of the nouvelle vae move; look at Agnes Varda's "la pointe courte" (1956). Alain Resnais's "Hiroshima mon amour" (1958), Claude Chabrol's "le beau serge" (1958) is anterior. Historically, "lesson 400 coups" occur. 2.The "nouvelle vague" was sometimes extraordinary and difficult on their predecessors: Overnight, Julien Duvivier, Henri-George Clouzot, Claude Autant-Lara, Yves Allégret and many others were doomed to oblivion. His selfishness and contempt are typically "Nouvelle vague". You've never heard of the big generation of the thirties (Renoir, Carné, Grémillon, Duvivier already laughing, Feyder), says Maurice Tourneur or Max Linder. So, thanks to Truffaut and co, some people will never discover jewels from the fifties or forties (Duvuvier's "sous le ciel de Paris", Autant-Lara's "douce", Yves Allégret's "une si jolie petite plage") and "maneuvering"). It went so far that William Wyler, Georges Stevens and Fred Zinemann were worthless! 3. "Lesson 400 coups" are technically quite disappointing: it's very academic, the story is as linear as it can be, the teachers are caricatures, and Claire Maurier's mother delivers such memorable lines (you need to be a French about 1960 to understand how ridiculous it is: Well, your father has only his letter (junior school diploma) and I only have my high school diploma. You should know it in 1960, barely 10% of pupils have the HSD in France! Antoine Doinel had to be proud of his mother! She wants him to have diplomas, who can blame her? 4. Compared to the innovations of "Hiroshima mon amour", which contains a brand new form, and a new "fragmented" content, "lessons 400 coups" in meaning. Truffaut will only master a new form with the much better Jules and Jim, "helped by the incomparable Jeanne Moreau. 5. The interpretation is pretty tight; Jean-Pierre Leaud, who is probably listenable when he is baptized in English, is quite properly, but he will soon turn into the most affected of his generation 6.The subject = stolen childhood has better days (Julien Duvivier's "Poil de carotte", Luis Bunuel's "los olvidados") and will follow (Maurice Pialat "l'enfance nue", Kenneth Loach's "Kes") I don't want the Truffaut, but his movie is not bad, but frankly, French movie buffers, Jules and Jim prefer "l'enfant sauvage" (a honest, true and commercial compromise for a mistake) "l'argent de poche" (as academically as "400 coups" but much more funny) or his pretty Hitchcock pastiche "vivement dimanche". <br /> <br />
