It's a Frank Zappa axiom that "music journalism is people who can't write people with interviews who can't speak for people who can't read." If you ever need evidence that musicians can't speak, it's the movie for you. Repeated attempts to enter the prophecy stumble upon themselves in order to ultimately produce monosillabic commentary in angry voices: "Wow." (Thank you, Idris Mohammed.) This film is pretentious, but while much of the pontificating of Youssou N'Dour and his gang of happy men (and one token woman) stir, save the music that day. <br /> <br /> The main idea behind the movie (which I consider the main idea to be from the insoluble commentary) is interesting. Gathering a group of musicians from America and Europe and taking them on a journey through the various music styles that grew up in and out of slavery back to their roots in the music of West Africa, and a concert in the old slave fort of Gorée from the coast of Senegal. We are treated to gospel, blues, jazz and variations of this, including a fantastic drum in New Orleans and Senegal. There is also a good part of N'Dour's own compositions. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this is another weakness. It is never quite clear what N'Dour wants to achieve. To some extent, the film appears to be a self-promotion exercise on N'Dour's part. He wants to play his own music, to some extent jazzed and in the company of a lot of musicians he admires. He is obviously ashamed of this and early in the film he gets the blessings of the curator of the Gorée Museum. <br /> <br /> The clash between the various agendas is displayed in several other places. For example, someone obviously felt it was not possible to tell the story of black music without involving a gospel choir, but N'Dour and most of his friends are Muslims (a point repeatedly made by the film). made). The whole early sequence in which the black Christians are involved is uncomfortable and then they disappear from the story to the close harmony group (the only black Christians who can hold a tone?) At the end of the film, Dakar appears. (To be honest, they are acting triumphantly and the best piece in the film.) If the story of black music should nod in the direction of the gospel, why not also in the direction of Latin America? Where are the black musical influences from the Caribbean and Brazil? Samba? Reggae? Then there is Europe. Here it seems that the black diaspora have no caliber makers, as N'Dour chooses to design in Austrian guitarist and a trumpet player from Luxembourg. Are they in the team just because N'Dour had previously played with him? What I personally found most annoying was, however, the long drive that tried to get a kind of 60-year-old Beatnik / Black Power / Nation of Islamic cultural events in the New York home of Amir Baraka (including Leroi Jones). recreated. Hearing people talk about the importance of "knowing your history", and then in the next breath that continues ignorance. Why do so many African Americans believe that taking an Arab name is an assertion of their African roots? And why do they think Arab Islam is so much more admirable than European Christianity? Who thinks they think the African slave trade in the first place? The film doesn't have much to say about the situation in West Africa, except that the current circumstances are the result of all the brightest and best to send 300 years away. The Senegalese seem to be a poor but happy, musical gifted people, friendly and welcoming, respecting their elders (and not above the refugees of visiting Americans in the fish market). Is this ethnic stereotyping or just my imagination? There is no comment on the armed guard that N'Dour and the camera crew need in the opening order, as they walk through the streets of Dakar. <br /> <br /> There is also a strong implication in the movie The Slaves Taken from Dakar come from Dakar. The correspondence between the folk drumming style of New Orleans and the folk drumming style of Senegal is cited in evidence. The last thing the slaves heard before they were chased away was the dream of their homeland and they wholeheartedly asked. Of course, the slaves shipped from Dakar did not come from Dakar. They were captured or traded from the interior through the Senegalese coast and sold to traders of what European power the Gorée slave fort was currently holding. The people of Dakar are not the descendants of Africans who have escaped the slave trade, they are just as likely ?? more likely ?? to be descendants of the people who sold their black brothers in slavery and exile. <br /> <br /> The two calendars are again in the final part of the movie. There are two separate ends. On the one hand, the concert that N'Dour and Co on the road have reproduced and prepared, and which they deliver on the courtyard of the Gorée slave fort. The other side comes when the Harmony Harmonists sing the spiritual "Return to Glory" in the seaward of the slave fort. It moves a lot, even though it's hard to believe, the performance is as spontaneous as it seems. <br /> <br /> This is a faulty movie. Unclear of the story that tried to tell and draw in different directions. Annoying, confusing, beautiful and emotional by turns. Look at it (listen to it) for the music and the feelings, but don't expect relief or intellectual rigor.
