I loved "The Curse of Frankenstein" so much I rushed to get Frankenstein Must Destroyed to see Cushing again ... even if it was without Chistopher Lee this time. To my great disappointment, this movie doesn't just do Lee, but it does without Frankenstein's Monster! Was it a case of "If we can't find Lee, we won't have a monster at all?" Why would they do this? The monster is half the fun of the whole thing !! This film is devoted exclusively to the study of Baron Frankenstein and his quest to complete experiments that he began in brain transplants before ending in an asylum. I found the scripture very poor, with the need to stop disbelief, which is too much for the audience. I'm willing to suspend a fair amount, but this movie has become quite ridiculous, which took me out of the movie, rather than immersing me in it. <br /> <br /> But Peter Cushing is absolutely brilliant to play pure evil. in this movie. Being one of the most beloved actors and infamous sweetmen, he could definitely play and threaten. The supporting role is competent, but has little to do, even the young doctor and his fiancé helped in Frankenstein. A Bumbling police chief is introduced, along with his appropriate sidekick, to generate some comic relief, then they are completely dropped from the movie! Why? We are led to believe that the police chief will be the head of the Baron, then we are led to believe that it will be the young doctor, and then it ends up being the victim of Frankenstein's brain transplant experiment. There was no tension, we were not invested in the "creature", and the end was so ambiguous that we left one dissatisfied because it is so clear that they are still pursuing a sequel. <br /> <br /> Also, there are virtually no horror elements. Yes, there is an attack in the beginning (outside camera), and we are treated to the sound of Cushing which switches off the tops of two men's skulls (again, from camera) and there is the most disturbing and thoroughly unnecessary rape scene (90% of them are off-camera again). I understand that there is a love to make the public think, because their imagination is much worse than we can show. "But come on, if you don't give us a Monster, at least SEE the few" terrible "elements you choose to include in. To give us a skeleton in the lab with a green light is just not scary. <br /> <br /> On top of a bad writing, I thought directing was mostly flat, there were some nice shots, but otherwise no excitement, atmosphere or The same director returned in 1958 to "Curse" and I thought it was brilliantly directed ... he thinks he was as uninspired by this movie. <br /> <br /> The movie gets a 4 out of 10 of strictly for Peter Cushing's powerful, nuanced performance ... beyond that, I found little in this movie worth recommending. Instead, my suggestion is to look at "The Curse of Frankenstein" and see a really good Hammer horror movie.
