Even by 1942, the film set-up of the essay offering HER CARDBOARD LOVER is dated to the extreme. The hijackings of one half of a couple (from husband / wife, ex-husband / ex-wife) to get the other back to the threat of marriage to someone else, divorce or a final divorce through jealousy, humiliation or other schemes are much better done in classic things, such as HIS GIRL FRIDAY and the Philadelphia story. Both of these movies have women with a strong, irreversible screen presence and who have played independent, proto-feminist characters. In both movies, both women are alienated / divorced from their (witty) first men and wanted to marry colorless men who were exactly the opposite and both would be bamboo to reject their golden men and adjust their passion for them. <br /> <br /> The plot in her CARDBOARD LOVER changes the gender: here it is Norma Shearer in the Cary Grant role, this time to defeat a former friend (George Sanders) through Robert Robert Taylor to position as her gigolo. The problem is, Shearer is far too old to play a role more appropriate for an actress in her mid-late twenties. Sanders is about as much involved as a piece of furniture. Anyone who would fall in love with his fiancee, see a strange man coming out of her bathroom as it happens, sticking the lights out of him and a big scene. Not here. And Robert Taylor plays his part as if he tried Cary Grant half the time, not in speech bends, but in general. <br /> <br /> But the worst part is Shearer himself. For an actress used to give parts that give her a sense of intellectual sexuality and dramatic presence, Consuelo Craydon plays the brunt of completely overworking, over-emotional, and moving, still part of her style. more than ten years earlier acting and more fitting, letting her look like an extremely manipulated artist wiping out the joke from a situation like water from a fairly dry sponge. It only burns the fires that tell the theory that Irving Thalberg gives the creator of her career and voter of (most of her) roles; why did she have roles like Charlotte Vale and Mrs. Miniver passed on mega-hits NOW VOYAGER and MRS. MINIVER is a mystery, but then most accounts say that by now, they have just burned out of the scene, losing interest in the whole thing and it's no secret that anyone who has experienced this kind of thing has lose mainly focus and cannot wait until retirement or the end of a contract as soon as possible. This may be the case. She looks lost, she looks tired, she looks bad at ease, goes through the motorcycle instead of living the part. After this movie she will not make it anymore, but it will be responsible for the discovery of Janet Leigh in the late 40's and in the 60's as a fetter in herself.
