I couldn't make much of the time of this movie, nor anyone else, based on other reviews. The opening scene of this movie has virtually nothing to do with the rest of the story. In it, a photojournalist with a big mustache canceled his holiday to get away from his girlfriend. He is assigned to photograph a mountain range. It is rumored that it is being pursued, but I could not tell whether he heard it from his boss or later in the film. On the way he meets a beautiful writer (Patty Shepard) and convinces her to go with him to his work session. Throughout the movie there is this horrible music party, mostly made up of noisy song that screams you: "ALWAYS SHOULD!" What really makes one go crazy is that the movie always looks like it will be fine, though it never does. There is a beautiful mountain landscape and some really creepy atmosphere. The inn and the quiet, deserted old mountain spread buildings are quite ominous. The foggy nights really look, not like someone puts an artificial mismatch on the set. And the idea, though not original, had potential. But it never improves, at least not enough to be worth it. Here's how it goes, more or less. They stop at this inn run by a strange innkeeper (you expect him to be called Igor) with a hearing problem. There's a scene where the writer thinks a can of river is in her window, but the scene is so dark, I didn't know what was going on. Whether it's poor lighting or poor movie transfer is unknown to me. Anyway, we never know what happened. There is a scene where she walks during the night. Whether she is sleeping or hypersensitive through the witches of the title is never explained. Another scene that is never explained is when their car is stolen, then found again, with nothing stolen. They come up in this seemingly deserted mountain village of which the only resident is this seemingly friendly old woman. There are other things, including a linked wild man in a cave that is never explained, an attempt to sacrifice the author somehow (they will kill her or her brainwash to join them ?), The witches themselves, a bunch of brunette women in white clothes who do not appear until the last 15 minutes of the movie and whose practices and beliefs are never explained. Even the closing scene doesn't make sense. When everything is said and done, most people will say, "Huh?"
