To say this movie is very difficult to follow and just as frustrating to put it through is very soft. Also said that the current available print is dark, foolish, scratchy, abysmally edited, painfully baptized, seemingly censored and in almost unshakable form is also correct. This film is in need of a good remastering of the full, uncut, original negative and to see how it is quite atmospheric (and won the director an award at the Catalan Film Festival), it can actually be worth it . Then again, maybe not ... It's just impossible to say in his current state what kind of movie it really is. It starts off quite interestingly if you can discount the completely senseless precedent sequencing round, which involves a distorted cat-killing, snake-loving girl named Gerda. The girls, Mrs. Carla (Mónica Randall, who had to take a little off the eyeliner), splashed a little petrol in the garage and flares the brat. Feeling as crazy as Gerda, she will visit her estranged photographer (ex?) S boyfriend Mario ("John" / Cihangir Caffari). He is out of work on vacation, but so desperate to get away from Carla that he requests his employers to compile him on an assignment ... any order. She shouts, "You will be sorry!" while protruding the door. Well, Mario was assigned to photograph a "Hekseberg" (somewhere in the Pyrenees, I believe). Before arriving at his destination, he sees a hottie on the beach called Delia (Patty Shepard) and snaps some pictures of her off her bikini top. Just a little cut, she claims it's a single writer, the two flirtants and then decides it would be an idea if they were traveling with the mountain together. When they stop at her place to pack her bags, Mario suddenly hears loud, sinister music. Delia claims he only hears things. <br /> <br /> So the two start their journey on the mountain and stop at a local inn to spend the night. There they meet a strange, partially deaf, mad-old innkeeper (Victor Israel) and Delia claims someone spies through her window. The next day, under a trance, she walked down the mountain and eventually ran to her by Mario, who jumped from his jeep. While discovering what's at stake, someone steals their wheels and they are forced to walk and eventually get the jeep undamaged at the foot of a small, old, seemingly deserted village ... almost like someone deliberately try to lure. there. Well, as we will see, that's exactly what happened. In the village they touch a friendly old woman named Zanta (Ana Farra) who claims she is the only person who still lives there and lets them stay in her house. Mario takes some pictures of the "abandoned" city and when he develops them, they are honestly full of people. He crawled a little, he and Delia started loose and stuck in "treacherous" dung and had to survive and leave for the night. The rest of the movie deals with voodoo dolls, black cats that change into sexy women, satanic rituals performed by ladies in their bras and a deadly fall of a cliff. And yes, by chance, Carla is the estranged woman also one of the witches. It all takes place in half-darkness and to be honest, I didn't know what hell was most of the time. The incessant "open" end is just an extra slap in the face so anyone has to suffer the rest of this senseless mess. <br /> <br /> Honestly, there are just a few things that stand out from me as very good. The first is actress Shepard, who has the great Barbara Steele kind of dark, mysterious beauty. There is also an excellent music performance (credited to Fernando Garcia Morcillo) and songs sung to make this film as atmospheric as it is. The location work is pretty decent, but as I said, the pressure is ugly as it can be and it doesn't make sense, so be careful about this.
