In Europe, this is known as Who Dares Wins; In America it is known as the final option, but under any title, this ridiculous SAS action movie asks the audience to place its unbelief on the one side for about two hours. I find it incredibly difficult to understand how Lewis Collins (the hero here) was almost chosen as Roger Moore's successor in the Bond films. This man is so expressive that he struggles to find a job in a laundry museum. waxwork !!!) Fortunately, Judy Davis is on hand to deliver the case partly with a greasy performance as a hard-line lady terrorist, and there is a climbing-active ten-minute performance lawfully orchestrated by director Ian Sharp. It should be added that it is a very, very, very long wait for this closing time, and I cannot honestly say that an almost two-hour wait for some decent action was worth it. <br /> <br /> The SAS man, Peter Skellen (Lewis Collins), is being scrutinized by a group of peacekeepers. He wants to see the end of the nuclear weapons stock. He meets their leader Frankie (Judy Davis), a strong talking and opinion woman who may just be able to take extraordinary measures to achieve her goals. Frankie's dedicated clerk appointed a beleaguered siege against the US embassy in London and insisted that a nuclear missile be fired on a naval base in Scotland. (She believes that when the world sees a nuclear explosion for real evidence, everyone will be so frightened that they will join her disarmament campaign). Unfortunately for Frankie, she makes the mistake of taking Skellen on her small embassy attack, and he plans to weaken their plan from the inside with a little timely help from his SAS comrades. <br /> <br /> The film is inspired - of course - by the incredible SAS assault on the Iranian embassy in 1981. Someone who saw that event on the news apparently thought it would be good to record a movie similar way. Unfortunately, the film is rather banal, with too much stupid dialogue and a bunch of embarrassing bad scenes (the archbishop's debate that comes up in a riot?) Frankie's idea of ​​bringing about peace by starting a nuclear explosion is ridiculous anyway, so she becomes a ludicrous figure just when the audience is about to see her as an interesting villain. Who tries Dares Wins to be a celebration of the military legend that the SAS is, but at the same time put it in awkward action-clickable and ill-considered plot. The result is a well-meaning but totally ineffective cut boy's own absurdity.
