So, this movie is welcomed, glorified, and carried to incredible heights. But in the end, what is it really? Many of the ways it was done to work for an audience on the screen are not working. The fairly academic camera work keeps the signature obscured, and scenes in ASL are difficult to follow as a result, even for someone who is relatively fluent. The voice interpreting of Matlin's dialogue, under the pretext of Hurt's character "holding the voice of his voice", is increasingly changing her into a strange objectionable object as the film is underway. Matlin shines in the few scenes where her signature is not partially hidden. But most of the movie, when it is a love story, is shown only from a single point of view, that of the man. As Ebert said, "If a story is about the struggle of two people over the common ground on which they communicate, it is not fair to make the whole movie on the terms of only one of them." <br /> <br /> The idea that an oral teacher who has been using methods for decades in many deaf schools for decades will be presented as "revolutionary" in itself offensive. His character is weakened as a credible teacher while filming. The sign of comedy from a deaf accent is honest, pretty low. And his attitude towards the male students of his class is quite symptomatic of how he behaves with women: as a fair man. A Feestone in which a number of deaf people are involved, including some academics who meet together, seems to be isolated, in a way that is fairly inconsistent with his credentials. I saw how interpreters shift spontaneously to talk between each other, even when they were not aware of a deaf person in the area, yet he felt like a fish out of the water in an environment where his education had to make him completely accustomed . As a lover, he looks like a typical dogged nice man, including his inclination to act possessively. And yet, the movie is really only really seen by him, as everything his lover says is filtered by his voice. <br /> <br /> The scenes involving other deaf children are generally wallbangers. The broken symbolism fails, the dance scene, the pool scene, even the initial sleep scene that is supposed to carry it. All these scenes that try to hint at the isolation of the deaf main character are flawed broken metaphors: many people I know dance to bark, beat what deaf people feel (rather than shrink like chihuahuas) and an evening dive for an audience, is rarely an excuse to make a deep statement on the isolation of deafness (no, seriously, when I go swimming, I'll go swimming) ... <br /> <br /> also fails to use the end of the play, but it makes it a story of a deaf woman submitting to a strong man. Although the original play ended with a more even ground, where both had to accept each other as they were and where he eventually had to recognize her real voice, the movement of her hands was not the vibration in her throat. <Br /> <br /> And for all the breakthrough it may have seemed, Marlee Matlin remains Hollywood's token-deaf woman to this day.
