There is something in most of us, especially guys, who admire a real working class small town "real men" populist prize. And Sean Penn does it for us with a cherry on top. Quite a lot, many people use Penn as a political sweepstake, but I don't judge movies or actor / directors by politics or personality. That's what right-wing commentators like explicit faux film reviewer Debbie Schlussel do. While acknowledging that he is one of our best actors and a good director, I think this picture was a simplistic piece of intentional liquor he has donated since. <br /> <br /> Okay, you have the core of this. There is this good policeman, a small town trooper, Joe, who played against David Morse. In the opening scene he put a guy on a farm in the country. big sixty cars. The bad guy stops, comes out, shoots at him so Joe has to stab him dead. There was no explanation this man was driving to do such a desperate violent thing and the dead parents ran out of redneck at the police station while Joe really felt sad and guilty of killing someone. So we know Joe, the farmer forced his country into a police word, is a good basic kind of man. Then his brother Frank appeared, he was a sadistic, amoral bully, fresh from the army and Nam, where the war inflated his blood. Some people here and in other reviews have just called him an irresponsible uplift of younger brother and Sean tried to make a point about what our John Wayne naughty culture and war is doing to other good people, but what I saw , was an amoral, sadistic bully who enjoys hurting and ripping people. Then there is mom and dad, Marsha Mason and Charles Bronson, who do the required turn as old-fashioned couple, then die; she sued by illness and he by gun, to advance the story for us. Both times Frank is the bad man who is a miserable SOB. But good Joe brings him back to Podunksville from prison, so Frank can fix his life by swearing bridges and living with his totally stupid, screaming, trashy pregnant woman. But Joe has a good wife, played by Italian actress Valeria Golina, who is Mexican and Sean uses it as an exercise in a fair action decoration of goody Joe and his true psychology under his uniform and crew. For me, it was a completely useless affirmative action subplot that Sean used to burn his difficult church credits by sucking on Mexicans because Mexicans are so tough and cool. <br /> <br /> But Frank is bad and we get the required events like stealing a friend's car, robbing the petrol station by knocking the clerk over the head and then flashing the car and all the cool things the hell raisers do. Then there are the obligatory 8mm movie childhood flashbacks of young Joey conscientiously moving the lawn and cowboy dressed Franky jumping on his back and wrestling him and yadda yadda so we all know what deep bond there is between them. <br /> So the movie winds around with a very small town sklock to warm the heart of a red states. The performance of the movie was a good soundtrack of good sixty songs such as Jefferson Airplane and Janis Joplin, which were completely inappropriate, except for the 60's era, to win the hearts of old hippies. The worst offense is this, as the movie was inspired by a Springsteen song, The Highway Patrolman, the song was not included. <br /> <br /> So Joe's brain-dead woman goes to work and Joe runs to the bar to be loaded and spends a populist drunken victim's play on how difficult things are, while good Joey comes to back him drag to his wife. The barman is good Ole Ceasar, played by Dennis Hopper. So, Viggo - Frank looks for no specific reason and kills his break Ceasar after good Joe leaves the Cop. <br /> <br /> So Joe pursued his bad brother and I had such hope that he was the right thing and blew that threat to society. Instead we get a scene where his brother stands in front of him in an old 50-year-old on a lonely road at night, and a little Franky in his cowboy suit and cap guns come out of the car to the good Joe, the kid from the 8mm recoil home movie sequence. Oh yes, such a drink! Then there's a bit of Zen crap about the Indian runner, who is a messenger, is the message, ala Marshall MacLuhen? See what I mean, Sean did much better than that, so don't be afraid to miss this one.
