If my memory is correct, this movie originated as something of a comedy - a funny look at the adult entertainment industry. If that's what it's supposed to be, it doesn't really work. It's just not funny. To make it reasonably meaningful (as it is called a comedy!) Failure, since I have no personal knowledge of the subject, I will avoid commenting on the authenticity of the story - dealing with the deterioration of a Toronto massage parlor, except to say that - if true - life is pretty boring. <br /> <br /> For over an hour, this movie gives us nothing but a background knowledge of the main characters. Conrad is the newly appointed manager of the massage room whose basic work apparently is to make sure the girls do not give "full service" - a euphemism for real sex. As for the girls themselves, Betty's aim is to buy her own room so she can run her own business. Cindy is an illegal immigrant to Canada who supports her family at home and Leah. Leah is a bit strange. , undefined character with a nipple fetish - where - what seems to be in the business because - well, because she's in it! I have no idea what her character is about. These three may well reasonably assembled characters that accurately represent the motivation of the women involved in this business. <br /> <br /> The movie meanders over and doesn't offer much to the "twist" reveals Conrad to be. the bad guy we had reached earlier. The only thing that was really interesting here was that part of the story - Conrad's secret plan and the revenge he testified against the girls. The plan for revenge was pretty good, and you're grateful when it comes out, because basically, until then, you're wondering why you're saving your time with it. If the story was more focused on revenge, it could actually be a pretty funny movie. <br /> <br /> The performances of the 4 leaders were all good, though I didn't think anyone was so outstanding. All four characters were a little level. Cindy was a sympathetic character, and so Conrad had been for a while, although apparently the bad man of the movie. Given the subject, there is surprisingly little nudity (and what's there is limited to one scene.) In fact, there is even some air innocence around many of these. As far as the overall quality of the movie is concerned, it is a low budget effort, which shows, although you expect a certain fury to be a movie that has been put in the context of a body rubbing stall, so it is forgiven. It certainly says something that has been released 8 years ago and is still the only credit to author Soo Lyu's director and - given the normal lack of depth in the Canadian film industry - that it is not even considered worthy of nominated for any genius awards - the Canadian version of the Oscars. 4/10 - and I'm generous with it.
