WARNING: This review contains SPOILERS. Don't read if you don't want to make some points known to you before watching the movie. <br /> <br /> With a role like this you wonder if the actors and actresses knew exactly what they were doing. They saw the writing and said, "Hey, close meetings of the third kind were such a hit that this one cannot fail." Unfortunately this is. Did they even think of looking at the directors' credentials? I mean, would you do a movie with the director of a movie called "Satan's Cheerleaders?" "Greydon Clark, who would later send the infamous" Final Justice ", made it. It makes you wonder how the people of Mystery Science Theater 3000 can hammer out Final Justice and miss the Return. <br /> <br /> The movie is in a small town in New Mexico. A little boy and girl are unattended one night in the street when a powerful flashlight beam appears and moves across a spaceship. In probably the worst special effect sequence of the film, the ship injects a kind of red ink on them. It looked as if Clark had a cup of water in the camera's lens and dipped his leaking pen in it, so immediately you were treated with cheese. Anyway, the ship leaves and the adults don't believe the children. Elsewhere we see Vincent Schiavelli, who I find to be a great actor (look at his screens in `Ghost 'for evidence, because they are excellent), which is a prospector, or as I mentioned him, the Miner 1949. He walks out of the cave he is in, and he and his dog are swallowed by the ship. Twenty-five years passed, and the girl grew into Cybill Shepherd, working with her father, Raymond Burr, to study unusual weather phenomena. Or something like that. Herder sees some strange phenomena in satellite photographs of that small New Mexico town, and she travels there to investigate. As soon as she gets there, the local farmers bother her, blaming her for the recent waste of cattle, and Deputy Jan-Michael Vincent comes to her rescue. From this point on, the film really pulls as the two quickly fall apart, especially after Vincent deviated from the locals and told Shepherd that he was the little boy who had seen the ship with her twenty-five years ago. While this boring mess is taking place, Vincent Schiavelli, with his killer dog on his side, walks around to kill the cattle and any people he seizes with an unusual item. You know those glowing plastic sticks selling Halloween trick-or-treat stores, the kind you shake to make them glow? Schiavelli uses what looks like one of those glow sticks to burn incisions in humans. This is the second worst effect in the movie. Every time Schiavelli appears on the screen with the glow stick, the atmosphere of the scene suddenly becomes dark, as the filmmakers thought the light bulb needed the improvement. It ultimately makes the movie look even cheaper than it is. <br /> <br /> And what does it lead to? It's hard to tell when the final, confusing scene arrives. Look, Burr and his team of scientists are trying to explain the satellite images that Shepherd has as a kind of calling card, but nothing makes sense. Why is Shepherd and Vincent age and Schiavelli? Schiavelli explains why he is killing cattle and people and why he wants to kill Shepherd, but it doesn't make much sense if you really think about it. I mean, why didn't he kill Jan-Michael Vincent? After all, he had twenty-five years to do this. And the strangers won't need him if Shepherd is dead anyway, so why try to kill her? Speaking of the strangers, it is never clear what they really wanted from Shepherd and Vincent. What is their goal? Why are they waiting so long to intervene? How could they be so sure Herder would come back? Not that the answer to any of these and other questions would have made "The Return" more enjoyable. You'll still have bad lines, very bad, especially by Shepherd, cheese effects and poor direction. Fortunately, the stars escaped from this movie. Cybill Shepherd soon died with Bruce Willis in "Moonlighting". Jan-Michael Vincent appeared in decades of the B-movie, often in over-the-top parts. Raymond Burr has made a pile of Perry Mason televisions until his death. Vincent Schiavelli was a great character actor in a large number of films. Martin Landau, who played a law enforcement officer, quickly made the wonderful 'Alone in the Dark' and the horrible 'The Being' before moving into the films he was recently known to play. You can't ever bet on these stars because their careers must return to `The Return. 'Zantara's score: 2 out of 10.
