I'm a big fan of Lucio Fulci; many of his Giallo and spotters are among my favorites of all time, but being for television movies is very subpar and not what I expected from the great Italian director. The film is not interesting, like some of Fulci's more tame Giallo's, or like the majority of his cult classics; It lacks in both main areas and ultimately ensures that the film is not very good. The movie works of a plot that has been used many times before, but it is still an idea that always gives the opportunity to jump into an interesting story just because it focuses on the theme of the aftermath that is the ultimate unknown is. This film focuses on Giorgio Mainardi; A man who is not kept very well and after he died of an apparent stomach bleeding, there are not many people who are sad to see him go. This means that his ghost is trapped somewhere between life and the afterlife, and therefore he decides to come to the bottom of his death, and his only ally in this endeavor is his daughter. <br /> <br /> The video I watched this movie is proudly proclaiming that the movie is "in the style of HP Lovecraft" and this is one of the most blatant attempts to make a movie I still have ever seen selling. There is nothing less to the big horror writer in this story, and the reason for this seems to be because of the title deal with the Stuart Gordon / Lovecraft movie, "From Beyond" - which is much better. The movie benefits from a clear Italian style, and the score is pretty good. Unfortunately, Fulci found it fitting to braai every scene in it - and so the theme is quickly annoying. The plot plays in a very boring way, and most of the scenes simply enthrall the ghost "desperate" to find out, or the daughter places her suspicions on her relatives. This movie is made for Italian TV, so it's not surprising that it's all pretty soft. There is a little gore and a nightmare sequence with zombies; but it is not the Fulci that we all know and love. Overall, this movie is extremely mediocre and not a good idea of ​​Fulci's talents. It's not worth bothering unless you're a Fulci finalist.
