Now I am a lover of the B movie genre, but this piece of garbage insults me to no end. Firstly, the movie Lizzy McGuire's brother heads up as the annoying little child looking for his lost 3-legged dog. Please, what kind of dumb ass does a three-legged dog miss a goddamn mutated crocodile please I ask you? And here's another point to think about, why do they show that the Dinocroc on the back of the movie box is huge and actually in the water? I believe if memory spent that thing about 2.6 minutes in the water, and was just ashamed of 6 feet, it was a heartbreaker. But the characteristics of this movie were the reason that it was so bad that I almost died, because I believe the bad play would make me dead. But the fact remains that this thing is once again created by another military test site to train super crocodiles for military battles or something from the source of all things the everlasting E.V.I.L Corporation. And let's not forget the characters, let's see we have the # 1 as a male head and half decent chick (who doesn't know how to act) as the female leads to what I WOW says! The only thing worse was the play, of course, the heroes spend about what looks like 2 hours talking and planning a long way to kill the dinocroc just to fail and kill in a normal way that is about 15 seconds to come. All in all, this movie was out gay with its random opera music in the background and the fact that it was probably the gayest of all CGI monsters ever made it impossible for bullets and bombs (otherwise it wouldn't have been made for the military DUH!). By far the best scene was when Lizzy McGuire's brother walked in the cabin and the dinocroc eats him and causes his head to clear with a bang that I can add. I believe you would be better off shooting yourself and then looking Dinocroc. And as far as the director is concerned, I believe we have to get a lot of people to hold him with a nose and both turns him into the cross to destroy half an hour of our lives until he finally dies and then can I continue living.
