"Plan B" is strictly at-the-number rate, except for one thing. I found it surprisingly rather offensive. <br /> <br /> Jon Cryer is the "star" of this movie and plays his usual, smarmy, selfish, snotty character who was actually in "Pretty In Pink" and never had any fun. Rooster does not even begin to describe its performance. Ricky (Mark Matheisen) is a muscular, blonde, struggling actor (gasp!) Just worried about his hair and laid. Talk about a stock character ... ugh. At least the other three characters are somewhat enchanting. Lisa Darr and Lance Guest play a well-grounded, optimistic, caring couple who are struggling to conceive. However, since they are not thin drama queens, their roles are considered boring and are not given enough screen time. Sara Mornell plays the role of playing Gina, your usual pretty and beautiful young woman who just can't find the right partner in love. I've seen this character a million times before, but at least her performance has overcome some of the shortcomings caused by the predictability of her situation. <br /> <br /> What surprised me about this movie was his youthful advancement of stereotypes. They have a Russian character for the sole purpose of mocking him and making fun of the way he spoke. He is portrayed as wild, ignorant and incredibly level. They just warmed up for the usual nonsense about gays. Gina decides to be gay for a while because she has no luck with guys. Honest. It wasn't that bad, except that they really went overboard when Gina brought a lesbian to a Christmas that her friends were throwing. Her lesbian date had very short hair (as I am sure all lesbians do). She also became very upset (as I am sure all lesbians do) when Gina had the nerve to put on lipstick (!). Finally her date goes to the party that almost every woman touches there and mouths out when Gina expresses her disappointment. Of course, we all know how gay people can't stay as much as a few hours much less months or even years, right? (Please note the sarcasm in that statement. Thank you.) <br /> <br /> This movie is based on a tired and predictable starting point, but Cryer's unlikely performance combined with the idiotic stereotyping sinks this movie. to the lower depths of the theater. 10/02
