Imagine adapting a James Bond novel in a movie, the filmmakers have eliminated all the action and excitement of making it child-friendly. Whether a television producer told Chris Rock, he can't deceive that his offers can be rated PG. Similarly, the director of the movie "Something Wicked This Way Comes" expressed the excitement and exhausted yesterday for melodrama for younger audiences. It created a monotonous plot without the complications of the book. To try to make the story of "Something Wicked This Way Comes" easier for kids to follow, the filmmakers have eliminated the theme of good and evil, both of which exist in all, and always good about evil. It is evident in Will's character transformation, Charles Halloway's salvation of Jim, and the carnival's defeat. <br /> <br /> Will's transformation into a more adventurous boy has been muted in the movie. The scene in which the Fabric Witch's visit's home visits a balloon has been cut out of the film. Instead, a green mist Jim and Will follow home and give them the same bad dream about the Witch and her spiders. The balloon attack shows us that Will has overcome his fear of doing things on his own. He gets on top of a neighbor's roof and tears the balloon with a bow, defeating the Witch. "Sorry, Dad, he thought and sat down and smiled. This time it is me alone," will decide if he is preparing to meet her. (147) Removing this scene from the movie prevents us from understanding that Will is becoming more adventure. The film shows us many examples of Will, who are afraid to follow Jim, but never curious as his friend. In the book, Will has both a good, quiet side and an "evil" brave side like his Jim. In the movie, every boy has only one mindset, which destroys Bradbury's theme of good and evil in every person. <br /> <br /> In the book, Will will save Jim because of their friendship, but, in the movie, Charles Halloway saves Jim to pay Jim's dad. Will Jim pull out of the carousel in Bradbury's novel because he doesn't want his best friend to grow up without him. This is the good thing in Will, the fact that he cares for his friend, saves Jim from the evil curse of the carnival. On the carousel, Jim released his other hand to drag on the wind, the one part of him, the small, white, separate part that still remembers their friendship. "(269) It shows that there was a good inside of Jim, who has the potential to defeat evil, but when Charles Halloway saves Jim in the movie, he does it to pay the debt he Jim Father's father, who rescued Will when he was a little boy, By rescuing Jim, filmmakers ruined Bradbury's original idea that it was going to win against the evil. <br /> <br / > At the end of the film, the carnival is defeated by a tornado and lightning instead of smile and laugh, and when the book ends, Dark turns into a little boy and Charles Halloway smiles and laughs at him so much that he it cannot evaporate and evaporate, in Bradbury's world, bad people feed on fear and can only be defeated by happiness and love. His message is that good will always rule evil, but only if that goodness is expressed outwardly. for evil looks angry, "said Charles Halloway while dying Dark love. "So I'll just do you good, Jed. I'll keep you simple and watch you poison yourself." (275) In the film, Mr. Dark the only thing left on the carousel when the lightning strikes it. die. By eliminating the arms of laughter and smile, the filmmakers mean that bad weather is the most effective way to defeat evil, as if lightning strikes only those who are evil. This prevents Bradbury's main book, which does well to others who come from evil. <br /> <br /> Good may always conquer evil, but trying to make movies more child-friendly will always force filmmakers to leave some of the themes from the books they are based on. In the movie, "Something Wicked This Way Comes," Will will not transform, Will's friendship does not save Jim, and smiles and laughs defeats the carnival. As a result, the filmmakers left too much Bradbury's main points. The process of adjusting a book to a movie often ruins the world the author has set. In the case of this story, Bradbury's frightening world of opposing forces of good and evil is reduced to a tamer, simpler version of himself.
