Before I start, you must know that I'm a big fan of many of Sonny Chiba's films. His biographical series of the life of his master, Mas Oyama, was wonderful and one of the best martial arts films ever made, like most of his Street Fighter films. The action was virtually inevitable and with the possible exception of Bruce Lee (depending on who you ask) he was the greatest martial arts practitioner on film during the 1970s. Being so good, I've seen at least 15 of his films and recently bought more (which I am currently watching). Unfortunately, despite my love for these movies, I'm not a wise zombie who worships the man so I judge every movie a 10. There are a few reviews like this here on IMDb and I really think someone who gives this movie a 10 should be ignored because it is such a bad movie from a technical point of view and is not even close to the essence of Chiba not the best work. A score of 10 is not a real score - it's a zombie fan trying to make a statement about Chiba, not this movie! As I said, this movie is technically terrible. Some of these were the result of my view of the American print version, with its irrelevant prologue and bad dubbing. But most of the problem will still exist with the original Japanese print. The camera work is just abominable - as it has been done by chimpanzees (smart chimps, but still chimpanzees). Often, much of the quick martial arts action is missed because the camera is so slow or the tops of the actors' heads are cut off due to the hardness of production. And again and again, the camera pans in and out as if it's a new toy used by an idiot, and the editing is over. Cuts are done randomly and confusingly. <br /> <br /> I don't "I don't know if the musical score was original or not - but it was very, very bad. A similar acidic rock from 1970 was poorly mixed with Ennio Morricone's Spaghetti Western music. It was annoying, distracting and just stupid. <br /> <br /> As far as martial arts action is concerned, I think it has chimps the choreography would have improved slightly. Instead of the big battle scenes you're looking for in a Chiba movie, the battles are too short and often missed by the camera! So what you're left with is the story ... and it can only be the worst part of the movie! It's supposed to be an anti-drug film protruding from Sonny Chiba as Sonny Chiba! And when the movie starts, he promises to destroy the drug trade in Japan. But the Mafia (complete with not a single member who looks Italian, but who is ALL Japanese) vows to stop Chiba. And when a lady at Chiba comes with promises to give him information on how to destroy the drug trade, he agrees to help her and risk his life without conditions - although she's never ready to tell him what she knows not! In fact, later it seems she's just trying to use Chiba to protect her while selling herself a big briefcase full of cocaine - and he's still trying to protect her! It doesn't make sense at all and throughout the film, they seem to have shot the film without a screenplay - like when they went into the bars and brothels and Chiba drove around like he was drunk. <Br /> <br /> So, if it was so bad, why does it still earn 3? Well, in the 1970s, there were many more horrible movie films (like many from Hong Kong in the 1970s) - including one with guys wearing gorilla suits to use kung fu and their handlers with 3 foot long tongues they use has to fight (now it's bad). Second, while the action is very bad compared to other Sonny Chiba movies, compared to his contemporaries, it's not that bad. Yet you can easily perform better than this terribly small movie. <br /> <br /> By the way, if you're wondering if it's the worst Sonny Chiba movie, it's definitely not! In one of his first films, IMPORTS OF THE NEPTUNES-MEN, Chiba plays a leotard-carrying superhero who tackles conflicting invaders of the planet Neptune. It's so bad it's PLAN 9 OUT OF SPACE AND THEY HAVE HITLER'S BRAIN DEFENDED FOR TERRIBLE. <br /> <br /> A final note for parents. Like most of Sonny Chiba's films, this one is very violent and has its share of boobies. Don't let young ones watch it, no matter how much they beg! Let them wait until they're older before watching them, acting R-art movies!
