The best thing you can say about this movie is that if you're a fan of Sonny Chiba, this movie gives him a lot. Chiba speaks; Chiba set; Chiba snow; Chiba glares at the camera; Chiba pushes and kicks the live sushi out of a whole bunch of bad guys; Chiba sits on couches and chairs and looks thoughtfully; Chiba drives his car ... <br /> <br /> I enjoy Chiba as an actor and a martial artist ... but even for a Chiba fan, this movie can have a little too much Sonny Chiba . This is, of course, something of a vanity car for him. And no, I will not place Street Fighter in the same category, because in SF he plays a relentless, amoral anti-hero and he shares the camera with a plot of friends and enemies. Here he is almost always at the front and center, and he tries to be Batman, Captain America and Bruce Lee. Toshiro Mifune and Chow Yun Fat couldn't draw it for the entire length of a feature film, and Sonny just published some sort of welcome. At least he can change his suit at some point. <br /> <br /> The movie is further wasted by a completely free and bad introductory order (apparently in front of the movie for the American version) and a goofy courage "(" Viva !! Chiba !! Viva ! Chiba !!) that starts things wrong. There is a little surprisingly amateurish and inappropriate dubbing - Sonny (or his usual English stand-in) apparently can't be bothered to do the chorus for the American version, so they have a little dull with a completely different and smoother voice and dialect that comes from the face we all know and love "Street Fighter". <br /> <br /> Even with all the bugs and the exaggerated exposure, it can still be a minor classic, but the camera works and the fights are hopelessly cheesy. I am willing to believe that Karate really works if someone is as wonderful as Chiba's character is supposed to do it, but the director and cameraman wrapped up their engagement by cutting and modifying the battle scenes with a weed killer so you don't really can see what's not going on most of the time. It's not bad: there are some decent shots and compositions, and there is at least one memorable and nightmarish moment when the bad guys appear in the client's bedroom in a truly inventive way. <br /> <br /> And as for the real plot ... forget about it. For a "bodyguard", Chiba's character is something of an idiot. The script depends on his mistakes and oversight that puts him (and his "client") repeatedly in dangerous situations so that he can escape his way. After 30 minutes it's even the most credible judgment to think that this man is supposed to be any good. (Also, if his character really would destroy the Japanese drug trade, he would have put his neck in the screen for ten minutes and shook her until her teeth jumped like a chestnut until she had her little secret mess and a whole lots of useless death and conflict would have been prevented. <br /> <br /> Yet, as a whole, this movie is a long way from the bottom of the barrel. It's still Sonny Chiba, and he's still fun to watch. I paid a money to get it out of the bargain DVD rack at a local mega-mart, and I feel it is worth looking at once.
