It's easily one of the worst martial arts movies I've ever seen, and it says something. The chant of viva Chiba, viva Chiba is heard at the title, soon you'll be stupid, stupid. The basic story is that the mafia is running drugs in Japan and one man has vowels to stop them, which is of course our husband Sonny Chiba. The Karate master offers his service to anyone who can provide information about the drug master. A woman comes forward and he becomes the guard, but what are her true intentions? Let me say at this point that cares? Soon we will be treated or tortured by a series of poorly choreographed battles and a lame story that is laughing more and more at any moment. Sonny eventually wipes out the bad guys with his karate skills, ending the story. Oh yes, the woman was also corrupt. Congratulations, you may have just watched the funniest movie ever. <br /> <br /> As already mentioned, this is one of the worst martial arts I've ever seen. What makes it semi-watchable is to see how bad a movie can be. Some have already mentioned the infamous American intro in the movie. It's probably the most entertaining part of the movie and it's quite funny. I would agree to look worth seeing how lamb was the 70-year-old karate scene. Watch as Aaron Banks hangs a man hanging through his nuts and hitting a fat student (poor editing) who hits him in the throat. But everything is badly done in this movie. Terrible incredible battles, fake, I mean false blood, bad acting, dubbing, wardrobe, and let's not forget the story. One man to take out a whole drug problem in a country? I bet. Fighting to fight is laughing. It was the 70's when people still believed that karate was effective in battle, but Chiba brought it to new levels with some of the nonsense in this movie. Let's see he kicks a gun in half, kicks a guy so hard, that looks as if his denture falls and of course cuts the bottle scene, gives me a break. Not to mention the fact that it is very difficult to tell what is happening in the fighting, because it is filmed so badly. One part that was amusing was when he broke the guys' arm through the door and gave him a compound break. OK. As the action goes on, we are treated with blood-yellow, really false blood. To say it seems poor, is understatement. The acting isn't quite in this movie. However, I don't expect much from a caliber of this caliber as long as the action is good, but it wasn't and as expected the dubbing is very poor. Was it my imagination or did they go to the Asian, would they dancer with a black accent? As expected from a 70's wardrobe, you will be in stitches that laughed at some of the trends and nasty women posed for the free nudity that comes with these flashlights. Also, why would the mafia be so obvious, and wherever black ditches coats and hats all the time? Don't try to hide it now. The characters were also stupid. The pimp club owner's one is stretched out in a Japanese pimp bag and the others who have a taste for boring look like a fat hippie. One last thing that kept me going through the movie was the terrible music with a few women's whales. It was very irritating. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is a horrible movie by both martial arts standards and good filmmaking. That doesn't mean it's not entertaining. With a film that is so poorly made, it is hard not to laugh at most of this movie, if you can stomach it. It was an old favorite with my best friend. If it was pure bad, I would give one star, but the laugh it made would bump it up. 4 out of 10.
