Lil Bush is a 30 minute cartoon show featuring 2 15 minute episodes featured on Comedy Central. It takes place in a fictional, cartoonish Washington D.C., centering on the satirical, childish representations of George W. Bush, Condoleeza Rice, Donald Rumsfeld and Dick Cheyney. Other politicians are likewise moderated, acting as minor characters. <br /> <br /> The pilot of Little Bush, which led to this commentator's expectations, was a fairly level and esoteric production, barely delivering on his forthcoming promise: a satirical look at the current presidential administration. Although one has to admit that the performance of the show has earned a little, although it would be difficult to imagine that a show would survive almost entirely from the disruption of a single political person to continue episodes after his term of office expired. which can only be described at best as sloppy, and which has really fallen terribly in the worst, has damaged the potential small potential of the show. <br /> <br /> Lil Bush, which can be technically classified as satire, tends to have its real use of the special tools of comedy to paralyze its targets in extremely vulgar (but not particularly original, entertaining or funny) no. The performance's consistently poor writing often consists of a little more than the recording of Bush / Cheney jokes that have heard ad nauseam elsewhere and put it all in a 30-minute television block. As such, most of the jokes presented by the authors were scandalous clichés, some of which had been in public traffic for over 6 years. For example, comparing the vice president to Darth Vader may have been funny in the first 300 times. He heard it on the Daily Show / Colbert Report / Letterman / Conan O'Brien / Leno monologue / any late-night talk show. Forever, but it's not funny here. As if that wasn't enough, the show's stands just seemed to be a way to promote the same old, tiring Bush jokes made by the authors at the center of the program. <br /> <br /> In the show's defense, when the writers dare to write in a truly original joke (which seems to be a rarity) it is often somewhat humorous. If the show were to expand its depth somewhat and place its characters in new situations, exotic situations, rather than the same old mistakes and "quagmires" committed by the Bush administration, then they should not rely on the same old Bush jokes and The show can again be considered a bit tolerant and possibly even innovative. Ultimately, it is difficult to ascertain the shortcomings caused by the Lil Bush range; his clear lack of originality and poor writing quality, or his painstakingly ambitious ambitions. It's reasonable to expect Lil Bush to maintain a small base of left-wing fans, that is, if they can endure the exceptionally weak writing; as long as the program continues to relieve the Bush administration thoroughly. However, the majority of viewers will soon recognize the program for what it really is, a weak and useless vulgar attempt at satire, and tuning for something more intellectual stimulation; The price is right, maybe.
