Carnosaur 3 is bad ... terribly bad. Bad to the point where it's funny. How important, how much I try to convince myself, I just can't believe anyone in this world can find this reception for serious reasons. I mean, come on, even the cover is bad! OK, the special effects are absolutely ridiculous. These "Carnosaurs" are really ridiculous. A scientist tells the soldiers that they are moving incredibly fast, but when you see them running, they run at the speed of ... an actor in a rubber suit to run as much as possible. And the explosions are funny (there is no other word to describe it). In the beginning, a bullet touches a Jeep. ... And the other explosions are also laughing. But the worst is the script and the so-called story. You don't expect a good story (or I don't think anyone is renting this movie, expect a good movie), but at least the story should try to make sense. I mean, how hard is it to make a story about dinosaurs that at least kill people coherently. Incredibly difficult if you look at this. Oh, and if you think it's easy to make credible commandos than your characters, tell the authors of this horrible, horrible piece of crap. I mean, what sick man would make cheap jokes after one of his friends died? And they do a lot of it. And if you think a movie about dinosaurs killing soldiers can only be packed at least action, WAKE UP !!! This movie is incredibly boring. The carnosaurs (who invented this lame name anyway?) Attack (in boring action ranges where you don't do much). The soldiers think of how to beat them (in incredibly funny scenes where they are really trying hard to be serious, but they can't even survive for one second). So, they attack the carnosaurs, but their idea doesn't work (another ridiculous action sequence). Back to planning (with some lame jokes cast) in another ridiculous scene. And it goes on, and beyond, and beyond. And let's not forget the play that is so convincing as the special effects ... and the story ... Oh, okay, this movie just sucks from A to Z. <br /> <br />
