OK I had higher expectations for this Carnosaur movie, just because the successors seem to have improved when they came out. I like Carnosaur 2 better than 1. I thought this one was newer, so it should be better right? Well, I soon learned that I was wrong. I was very confused with the casting. They brought back Rick Dean for another spotlight character and Michael MacDonald as police officer. Now for Rick Dean lol, in Carnosaur 2, I thought he was adjusting the role well and wasn't really annoyed by him, now in Carnosaur 3 wow they put him as an elite soldier. Now we're getting goofies here. The movie really started off with a decent rifle fight and dinosaurs escaped little trucks, but as soon as the Scott Valentines team arrived, we had a mix of romantic comedy with very funny performances of delayed and floppy dinosaurs . br /> <br /> I will start with the birds of prey, they have dragged tails there, which in the second was in the air, which is more common for a dinosaur that can run up to 50-60 mph. And when they ran, they waved back and forth and the heads didn't move at all. there were hands all over the place and because they were shot very badly by the director, they looked stupid and out of place. <br /> <br /> The t-rex was extremely pathetic. one of the previous 2 movies. At least that one seemed scary. The one in this movie looked like it was always the smile. The legs when it was running were hilarious, as was John Wayne in the old west, all the tight legs and things. LOL another thing I noticed was that the hands didn't move, they jammed next to his body so that it looked and sounded (God the sounds were terrible) !!! Now that I was the director and realized that I had to work, maybe I would try a little harder to hide the fakeness fact. As for the rest of the movie, well, it was the smartest and hardest military team I've ever seen. The weapons they used would not make sense to the scenario. They even had a distressing scene in the warehouse where the carnos were furious. Now I was joking at this scene because I thought that while this stupidity was going on, the Dinos came in and caused damage. Instead, the director wasted about 7 minutes of our time. I'd like to watch this movie as the 3 stooges of dinosaur films. You have delayed military, delayed dinosaurs, delayed scenarios and you have a wonderful 83 minutes to spend your day. <br /> <br /> Now I don't say I won't see it, bc actually I recommend everyone sees this movie that wants 83 minutes of pure entertainment. It may seem like I'm ranting, but I really make this movie from what it is. It's really fun to watch, because as you watch it, you think of yourself, "did the director really make it serious?"
