I really don't see the real surplus value of this movie. It's not bad enough to be hilarious. There is no sleaze or gratuitous nudity (although there was plenty of opportunity). There are no gores. There is no tension in the first hour of the movie, as there is a way to play many scenes tourists with a party and natives playing funky tribal music. The last part was actually very funny: You see these natives hitting congas and jembes and that is what you badly synced on the soundtrack. But they also added this funky bass line to the soundtrack. So where was the bass player? At one point the natives are angry and start killing tourists. Why suddenly? It is supposed to be because the evil white men are building this tourist complex, which, according to them, woke up the wrath of the river-crocodile god (I actually missed the explanation for that one). But the natives have helped build the tourist complex for a few months, so why the sudden rage? And how did they push the helicopter into the water? It's all stupid and useless. This movie also features the beveled African American model I've ever seen. <br /> <br /> At one point our lucky front couple visits this cave where a strange, old-fashioned man lives. The only point at the scene is that they make the "shocking" discovery that the killer crocodile is actually an alligator. Crocodile or alligator, what is the difference? It's big, it's made of plastic and it eats people. All the same for me. The alligator is a pretty silly creation. It is very stiff and motionless and does not even blow its feet when swimming. The eyes do not even move when shot in the close-up. I think they didn't know "animatronics" in 1979. There are also many inexorable cuts of local wildlife. I suspect this is stock image. <br /> <br /> As I said, the first hour was pretty lame and the only reason I didn't turn off the movie was because my cat slept on my lap and I didn't "I don't want the lovely thing to wake up. But the last half hour of the movie got better. We finally get some action when the crocodile swims through a horde to panic that people are cutting their teeth and cutting them. The most entertaining (and at the same time, funny) scene is when Alice and Daniel drive a bus across a bridge and it falls apart. We look at a match version of the bus that falls into the river. Funny. But nice shot. In fact, there are several other good camera movements. Surprising for this type of movie. I will show some stupid details about the end of the movie, but I don't want to spoil it completely if you decide to watch this movie. My advice is to stay away from it. If you want to see a decent alligator movie, see Lewis Teague's ALLIGATOR. I admit that one is not Italian and is not a JAWS rip-off, but it is definitely better. And if you're interested in other movies made by director Sergio Martino, then I highly recommend the highly entertaining 2019: AFTER THE NEW YORK FALL. This is an over-the-top rip-off of every possible post-apocalyptic future-of-doom movie. "Italians" and "rip-offs", two words that go very well together.
