Dennis Hopper is undoubtedly one of the best American American actors of our time, and it was interesting to see how he would play his role as a police spokesperson on the case of a child killer. Most movies Hopper has always played to threaten psychotic threats to blow things up or go to a deadly spree, but in this movie, Hopper tried his best to keep that intensity and emotion while wearing a shield. Once I got into the story of the movie, I was addicted, but that's just the little things that eventually killed the movie. <br /> <br /> The concept of the movie is wonderful - not just the police are moving. to catch the killer, but we get a chance to see how the gangsters work to catch the killer. The sub-plot of the soccer stadium is a bit ridiculous, but necessary to involve the gangsters in the murder hunt. <br /> <br /> It's all about what's good you can say about the movie. Although Hopper tried to act like a tough, experienced street smart police spokesman, I couldn't help but feel his acting was under par and there was not enough conviction that he was really attached to the case. The directing was also awful - it didn't feel like a real movie, but rather a TV movie production. It's clear when gang members meet for the first time to form an elite team to hunt the killer. When the front gangster shoots the other mouthpiece into slow motion, the play was poor, predictable and terribly unaware. That was when I knew one of the first things would be horrible. <br /> <br /> The camera of the camera was amateurish, and the recalling scenes or ghostly images of the murderer's little sister had no real characteristic effect. . If it were indignant, it wasn't. Everyone's actions were terrible, and even for Hopper, I didn't feel like his character, and I just didn't care too much about his relationship with his daughter. <br /> <br /> The final thing that bothered me Most are the swat team. As soon as I saw the swat team in action, I thought something good. But I was wrong. First of all, the whole team consisted of 4 guys. It's just impossible. Secondly, the swat team doesn't seem to have any training at all, as they often carry their one-hearted HKA4 bands in the film. If the killer were hiding near the staircase with a shotgun, these 4 idiots would have been clashed because they didn't even look at anything or pay attention. They had to put both hands on the gun, but they didn't seem to take the job seriously and just moved around. 3rd SWAT team members do not shout commands like "Keep your eyes open, beware of yourself, we are good to go ... etc." In fact, they use hand signals or radios. But they literally shout at each other - how about the killer when he hears you come? And to take it all off, these guys have no plan - apparently they just go up and down with a wild turkey hunt. Eventually, they end nothing. It was the last straw. I'm not an expert on special forces, but basically what I just sketched is pretty common sense. If the audience knows that the movie is terrible, the action is actually the lifesaver of the movie. If you can't even bother to raise the action, the movie is lost. <br /> <br /> I give 2 stars for the concept, but the rest can't be credited. If you want to see a crime thriller, don't struggle with this one. There is a lot of crime in the movie - but it has a lack of excitement.
