Antitrust falls right into the category of movies that strive for a good point while it fights, but falls completely flat. I don't hate the movie, but it misses key elements, such as tension. There were other attempts to make an interesting movie about computers, such as Hackers and The Net. They all fall short. The unlikely termination of both The Net and Antirust seems to be virtually identical. These movie shows suffer from one big mistake in perception: People in the PC business who have this remaining self-ego who accept the general population are waiting to hear the latest news about PCs and software. I worked for many companies and industries, and they all seem to have an extensive view of their own self-interest, just like this movie. <br /> <br /> The way they suggested plot lines was pathetic. Milo, who is allergic to Sesame Seeds, has almost got one of a restaurant bread basket that crosses the folly. Only his "girlfriend" prevented him from death. It makes one wonder how Milo could have survived as long as possible, and twisted the dangers of Big Mac balls and Sesame seed loaves, as they covered themselves so well. Sesame buns and Big Mac buns. <br /> <br /> Antitrust doesn't provide much tension either. The patterns and predictable plots are easily found long before they are revealed (come on, was anyone VERY stunned when Yee Jee Tso was killed?), Thereby destroying any real shock value. And here again we have another movie / story where the bad guys in the end chase the good guys to get the disc. We should have a moratorium on this simple Simon plot line for about 20 years. Yet I printed. Maybe the end will be the payout, but no. The utterly ridiculous end to which we head the security of the company, another bad guy, is turning around and being the good man allowing Milo to download NU.R.V CEO Gary Winston. And of course, the news coverage of Gary Winston's arrest was celebrated more than when Hinckley or Oswald were arrested. Gary Winston, played by Tim Robbins, is a cardboard cutout of the same character that Robbins played in Arlington Road. But it fits perfectly in Antitrust, which should be called "Anticlimactic" or "Anti-Original". <br /> <br /> In the years to come, this movie will probably be banned, just on your local third-rate UHF channel.
