When I sat down to watch this movie, I actually expected a bit, as the plot was pretty complicated. The use of football as a launch pad for the complication was also an interesting approach. Unfortunately, despite the bravery of dealing with controversial issues such as culture adding clashes between the Muslim and Western culture, generation conflicts and bias towards gays / lesbians, it leaves you with the resolution with a fairly simple relief for all the tension in the whole movie. This leads me to the impression that the makers have done a little too much to tackle and try to deepen when they did it. <br /> <br /> However, this does not mean that the film is right-handed, because it is delivering the conflicts where it is very credible and amusing. The film succeeds in getting involved in this matter, but as mentioned above, the authors have played a little too deeply. This has led to some rather unrealistic character to end up confronting the conflicting conflicts. This puts the ball at a time when the makers could really be brilliant to take the film to another level of appreciation. <br /> <br /> Even if the movie doesn't at all try to be a deep drama, the environment has so much potential in the plot, it becomes a disappointment when the ball falls. In this way, the film moves from a good and reflected comedy to a standard cliché that becomes ridiculous in its happy ending. Nothing is left out in the Hollywood end. So, even if the story is tempting and you can stomach the large number of settings, you can't help rolling eyes to the decision. Personally, I was close to shouting "already done!" on the screen. <br /> <br /> There were some decent plays in the movie, and the two young female central characters had a few good moments. So their parents and other bi-characters did. But the handsome Irish coach was an embarrassment of acting, which dropped the film a little in terms of realism. He didn't look very nice, but rather self-indulgent, despite his good deeds, causing the threatening conflict between the girls to be slightly tense. <br /> <br /> I give the movie a 4, as it is a tempting story and they looked for a nice perspective to approach the subject. The script and cast have many good credible characters, giving the audience the opportunity to recognize themselves or others. If the discounts were not so disappointing, I would give the movie a 7 or 8. If you enjoy this movie, I would recommend the movie "East East", which I think is so good, if not better, delivering cultural conflict, as well as being amusing and engaging.
