I saw the trailer for this movie a few months before its release, and MAN made it terrifying. Especially how this movie is based on a real life phenomenon. I was incredibly interested, and thought it could be a decent horror / thriller movie after years when it's shit. Well, you know how movie hangers look a movie better than it is: maybe by showing all the creepy parts or by overstating some elements. The commercials for the movie both resulted in my eventual disappointment. <br /> <br /> In no case is this "the most disturbing movie in years". Hell, I doubt it was the most disturbing movie of the week's release. This movie takes the whole "basic facts" thing too far. <br /> <br /> This movie was not a complete crap. I have to admit that it was my interest and Micheal Keaton was credible as a man who supernaturally sought answers. Otherwise, this movie is a great cliché. After John's wife dies, he learns about EPP, which surrenders the voices of the dead to everyday electronic devices. He suddenly receives messages from his wife! My God! It's not just his wife who reaches him, it's other dead people. Give, imagine. A movie about helping dead people. Come on, give me a break! The cliches don't stop there. There is also the mandatory bell-on-the-same-exact-time-every-night trick and three evil spirits that threaten our hero. Not only was the movie cliché, it wasn't SCARY. The movie literally had two jump scenes, and the two scenes are almost identical. The end is terrible because it opens the door to a sequel. There is also a final message with a message saying how just 1 out of the X voices heard by EPP is threatening, with a nice happy play. Away to break the mood, you guys. Jeez! In the end, if you want another forgotten horror movie, see White Noise. The only reason I might think someone is watching this movie is that the person is also a Keaton fan or interested in EPP. Sure, the EPP aspects may be slightly interesting, but I don't like my movie concepts being pushed into my throat and inflated in my face. This film is anxious, original and disturbing, but it's the opposite. You know you have a lame movie if the ads use the ghost to talk about it. "I won't see this movie anymore."
