John Rivers' life as an architect and family member took the worst turn when his wife disappeared and died after a terrible accident that had to change a tire on her car. During the days she was missing, he confronted a man following, and he told him that he was in contact with his dead wife on the other side by E.V.P - Electronic Voice Phenomenon. Of course he does not believe it, but then she hears strange calls from her cellphone and he contacts the man to find out more about E.V.P. Soon John is committed to it, but something supernatural doesn't like him interfering with the dead, as the others are communicating with his wife, the white noise is predicted before the events. <br /> <br /> Since this DVD I've been sitting on my shelf for a while, I thought I'd better get around to watching it as it wasn't my copy. But then I don't think the owners were in a hurry to get it back, because they didn't question me. Oh good. So I decided to give it a play because I was in an unbelievable mood. After hearing all the bad press about it, I didn't expect anything from me, but I was entertained for 90 minutes. Well, more than 60 minutes, like the last half hour, was a bit confusing. The film is nowhere as good as it could have been, but the time has come quickly enough, although it is a rather low supernatural thriller. I thought it wasn't all wasted. The first hour I found some effective sequences quite interesting and there is a haunting hardship generated with a slow progress of subtle silence and tragedies haunting you, but unfortunately it comes later in the movie. This is when predictably forced jumping comes into their own and somehow it doesn't just fit in the context. It gets pretty hectic, loud and very mumbled with its MTV style editing and kinetic camera work coming into action. I couldn't understand what's going on inside the brackets and the abrupt climax. The whole explanation of how everything fits into the bigger picture is pure hokey. This is a very unsatisfactory conclusion, as it goes for something big, but hits rock bottom. I thought they were working well up to that point with the lighting and flashing camera work. Unlike the distinctive sharp lighting, the score has kept this movie atmosphericly gloomy. Everything is done very smoothly with its luster and fancy hardware, which makes it so sterile and empty. <br /> <br /> You can easily see that the movie's heart is in the technical components and doesn't expand into the characters and story. There is no connection and lasting sentiment within this thin material. After a while it just tries too hard to convince you that it is in manipulative excitement and popping in many blood-biting things from outside the grave. It just got a little repetition to see if someone was watching a fuzzy TV screen. The E.V.P machine was the star of the show. Well, it had more impact than the slack performances. Michael Keaton is more than a capable actor, but lately he has disappeared from the card and offers a modest performance as the dangerously obsessed John Rivers. However, he deserves much better. Everyone else is pretty brittle and forgetful. Not because of the performances, but of the lack of depth in their characters. This clover was not bad to start with, but it became pearly by drastically falling off. <br /> <br /> I will not mind seeing it again and I will not recommend to anyone unless you have an interest in the subject and enjoy the recent Hollywood harvest that produced horror / thrillers. It's just a pity that this over-produced movie couldn't make it successful, as it was a promise in his idea and a more than decent throw. I didn't hate it, but what a disappointment.
