Absolutely one of the worst movies of the year. The plot is ridiculous, the characters poorly developed, and the point of departure annoyingly stupid. All this starts when Michael Keaton, of nothing alternating since Batman, loses his beautiful writer wife, Anna, to a car accident, possibly by driving her one of those convertible VW bugs, though she's supposed to be rich. In his sadness, Batman moves to a new apartment and takes on a hobby: take nothing and look at it. He learned from a very fat pathetic man murdered by three tall shadow fellows who lived in his TV. Pretty soon starts killing people, thanks to EPP, or Electronic Voice Phenomenon, which is apparently this deal where dead people can send messages to live people through tape recorders, video cameras, dead phones ("Anna cell phone? She is ... DEATH ! ... Must be ghost. Mhmmm. No other possible explanation. I'd better start talking about this. ") Etc. Why can't they just write something on a piece of paper or knock over a few things to create creative pictograms, never explained. ANYway, eventually Batman discovers that he is seeing the future, and he decides to help this woman he doesn't know. He just comes out of the house, because the tall dark guys just enter after he left. "I can travel between the living and the dead through electronics, but I'll be dmned if we can be in time! Am I right guys? (They nod in the mutused agreement)."). He traces this lady to a warehouse and finds out that this character from the first ten minutes of the movie (watch hard or you will miss him!) Is actually a serial killer working for three long shadow devils, what in Raiders or the Lost Ark style strikes and kills him, resembling the cartoons they are. Only then do some detectives appear and save the woman. After Batman's funeral, he decides to send a message from outside the grave that apologizes to his son for being an idiot. Obviously, the best way to protect his child from the horrors of the PPE is to expose him to it. The little child just smiles. Nothing phases of dude, even when his father, Batman, of course starts talking to TVs. The highlight of the movie was when someone's phone rang and a guy shouted, "It's Anna!"
