New York, I love you, or rather, called Manhattan, I love watching your people. In love, sometimes an exact example of the difference between a story is told and a situation tells. Case in point, look at two of the segments in the film, one where Ethan Hawke lit a cigarette for a woman on a street and continues to talk to her with silly sexy talks and another with Orlando Bloom make a movie with an incredible question from his director to read two Dostoyevsky books. Although the latter is not a great story, it is at least something that has a beginning, middle and end, as the composer tries to score, gets Dostoyevky immersed in his lap and eventually gets help (and maybe something more) from A girl speaks to him as a link between him and the director. The Ethan Hawke scene, however, is like nothing, and feels like a fly that is added or directed by a filmmaker who invests it (or, in that respect, Hawke with a combination of Before Sunrise and Reality Bites). /> <br /> What is annoying about the movie in general is that the few stories that work work really go well with one or two possible "stories" and then the rest of the unfolding situations are made to connect or overlap with each other (Bradley Cooper, Drea DeMatteo, Hayden Christensen, Andy Garcia, James Caan, Natalie Portman, etc.). It's not even that movie - almost always in * Manhattan * and not the New York or Queens or Staten Island or the Bronx (not even Harlem or Washington Heights). It is a lack of imagination that one has found in spades, better or worse, in Paris. It usually does little to do with New York, except for passing references, and at its worst (the Julie Christie / Shia LaBeouf segment) it is incomprehensible at a frightening level. <br /> <br /> So, basically, wait for TV, and do your best to immerse in and out of the movie - that is, for three scenes: the said Bloom / Christina Ricci segment is charming; the Brett Ratner director segment (yes, X-Men 3 Brett Ratner) with a very funny story of a teenager taking a girl in a wheelchair to the prom just to get a big twist; and Eli Wallach and Cloris Leachman as a lovely, old couple in Brooklyn on their 67th wedding day. All others can be missed, even Natalie Portman's director debut, and the return of a Hughes brother (only one, Allan) to the screen. A mixed bag puts it lightly: it's like looking for a bag of mixed nuts, full of flap beans to get the few almonds.
