Ugly shot, poorly written and amateurist sequel to Joe Dante's 1981 classic. "The Howling" is one of two or three ANY good werewolf movies ever made and yet it is "rewarded" by a series of turbulent and irreparable successors like this. If it is a comfort, Stirba is a successor in name and there is absolutely no connection with the characters or events introduced in Dante's film. The plot here turns on a bloodthirsty cult of Transylvanian werewolves ?? mainly female children ?? led by Stirba. Stirba is played by Sybil Danning who transforms from a crooked old lady into a blonde superbab (with impressive bosom) in the eye of the eye and becomes hairy when sexually awakening. Her arch enemy is played by a seemingly fatigue Christopher Lee. His character? Stefan Crosscoe ?? is an occult investigator who travels to Stirba's kingdom, accompanied by an American couple who lost their friend to the werewolf cult. If you're just looking for dirty gore and gratuitous nudity ... this is your movie. Even the smallest murder is shown in great detail and we are even treated to blasting eyeballs and the dirty image of a dwarf pierced on a pointed fence. However, if you want some dust or depth, you'll be very disappointed. The dialogues are embarrassing and there is absolutely no tension to find anywhere. The screenwriters seem to constantly confuse werewolves with vampires (the Transylvanian environment, garlic, woodcut ...) and Danning's beautiful balcony is used innocently as the only gym of the movie. During the final credits, a shot in which she shoots her top is repeatedly reviewed (according to my fellow judge, Dr Gore, no less than seventeen times!) Which is pretty pathetic and useless. The music is okay and some of the scenery is pretty pretty. I'm talking about the fiery exhibits during the opening credits and the dark dungeons of Stirba's castle. Directed by Philippe Mora is a huge mess and ?? as far as it goes to me ?? His only valuable film remains "The Beast Within", released three years earlier.
