The Howling II begins as it means to continue with a bizarre and surrealistic opening story by Christopher Lee, whose image is imposed on a moving star field, o and a skeleton also appears for some reason. He says: "It was written that the inhabitants of the Earth were getting drunk with her blood. And I saw her on a hairy beast, and she had a golden challenge full of the dirtiest whore and wrote on her forehead. Look, I'm the big Mother of an inaudible word I couldn't make, no matter how many times I hit the tape and tried it, sorry # and all the horrors of Earth. "This revelation story means nothing and is not bizarre. Following the opening credits set for shots of Transylvania architecture, we get a caption on the screen informing us that we are in "Los Angeles, California, United States, City of Angels." I knew I was for a long 86 minutes. This is probably not too long after the events of the original Howling (1981) and that is Karen White's funeral. After the ceremony, Karen's brother, Ben (Reb Brown), is spoken by an 'occult investigator', Stefan Crosscoe (Christopher Lee), who says Karen is a werewolf and that she will come back. Ben rejects such nonsense. But with one of Karen's friends and colleagues Jenny (Annie McEnroe) he visits Stefan at his home. There, Stefan tells them about Werewolves and how they can be killed, he calls Stirba (Sybil Danning) who is the queen of Werewolves. Stefan also shows them a photo taken at Karen's funeral of a woman named Mariana (Marsha A. Hunt) and that she is a very fierce and dangerous Werewolf who wants Karen. Stefan says he will use any titanium with any verewoves. Ben figures that Stefan means he will also share Karen. Karen, with Jenny, travels to the cemetery where his sister's tomb Stefan wants to stop. Many werewolves, however, come on and attack Stefan, Ben and Jenny. They survived the attack and found that Stirba could be found in Transylvania. Everyone decides to travel to Transylvania and stop Stirba and her Werewolves from taking over the Earth by fulfilling an ancient curse. Once there they travel to a small town called Vlkava which means 'where wolves live' and meet with the local priest, Father Florin (Ladislav Krecmer) and his small but loyal group of Werewolf hunters, hey, what else can I do for them call? Oh, and a dwarf named Florica (Ludmila Safarova) also helps. They follow Mariana which they hope they will lead to Stirba. But Stirba knows about Stefan's arrival and plans for him Ben and Jenny. Will Stefan put an end to Stirba's world domination plans? Will this movie become more bizarre or surreal? See it and find out. Directed by Philippe Mora, this is a strange mess of a movie. It is poorly edited as some rows just jump in the car. The biggest problem is the script by Robert Sano and Gary Brandner, based on his novel, which is all over the place and doesn't make sense or suggest us any right characters we want. Fortunately, it moves like a rocket and is never sowing or sowing, unlike the original one. Something strange or bizarre is always going on to entertain the viewer. Most people will probably hate it, but for those of us who enjoy 'bad' movies, it's just there with the best of them. There are werewolf orgy that are just freaky to look at. We get some cool Werewolf lethal weapons. The sets and places look the same and I don't know if it was actually shot in Transylvania, but it doesn't seem like I thought in the mid 80's Transylvania. Stirba's castle is part dungeon, part Gothic castle and part modern luxury home. Stirba and her servant's costumes are very over-top, Stirba wears an outfit that looks like it is in a S / M video and to be honest with her, she looks pretty sexy, and her minions also carry hoe leather clothes . The special make-up effects vary from good to arm, a dwarf's eyes explode, somebody has cut off their hand and a priest has creatures from his mouth, but it's not a movie loaded with gore, though There is a lot of effect. werewolf transformations and attacks series. There is a lot of nudity as well as Stirba and her minions are a real bunch of forest warriors! I also have to call the music, the soundtrack is dominated by horrible rock music I hated and I eventually overturned the volume. Acting is poor everywhere and on earth was Christopher Lee thinking when he accepted this movie?! I wonder what he thinks of it. Actually, the whole thing is a real mess, but I found it a pretty entertaining mess myself. Impossible to recommend, but it looked me to the end. Speaking of which the end-credits exceed what appears to be scenes and cut screens, Sybil Danning's shot also includes taking out her skirt and probably exposing her breasts more than 20 times! If that's your thing.
