I should add conflicting comments here. Several reviews I've read compared this movie to Wong Kar Wai or Hou Hsiao-hsien. ie one of the admirable flotilla of Mandarin sweets that has come our way in recent years. Unfortunately, it's not quite accurate. Rather, the film plays like a film student's attempt to imitate these masters. All the pieces are there - the beautiful backdrop, the vague minimalist dialogue, the slow-blowing camera work, and the male leaders, in particular, who spend a fair slap of time thinking about. Sounds good, but unfortunately nothing is on the right track. The dialogue is being led. The acting is usually unable to highlight the characters above type; the married couple and the small sister are exceptionally poor and unreliable. Unfortunately, when mediocre character display is combined with a classic "Chekovian" (ie very predictable) plot, the results are almost boring and in the worst pain. I couldn't help seeing the "Blue Danube" river scene, for example, as a genre parody (although the aerial "jumping time" air over the river gave a bit of black humor ...) I actually went to this movie on the basis that Mark Li Ping photographed it. While the setting is elegant, and the swinging camera attempts to repeat the mood of "Flowers of Shanghai", the film is not visually in the same league. In fact, I have to admit that after an hour I was wondering if it was the screenplay or play that had ruined the movie, I suddenly remember planning to meet my flatmate for dinner and the chance to go (and I can't remember the last movie I went out of). I guess from the reviews that the end might have a positive aftertaste, but at the time I couldn't care. If you want to see something alongside similar rules made with real talent, I would recommend something by the above two directors, for example "In the Mood for Love" or "Flowers of Shanghai", both by the talented Mr. Ping (the former with Chris Doyle), and both are masterful enough to inspire years of failed emulations like this. It is not often Mr. Hoberman who misled me, and maybe you'd rather listen to him, but don't say you weren't warned. Craig. <br /> <br />
