This is the first of the "The Complete Dramatic Works or William Shakespeare" BBC series I saw, and if all of them are like that, I can't look any further. Being virtually the full text of the play is all that this "Romeo and Juliet" goes for, and is lacking in all other sections. Alvin Rakoff reveals himself as a terrible director, both in the technical and artistic aspects. In the former, because he commits mistakes that even a first-grade film student would wisely avoid. For example, take the badly edited first shot of Abraham and Balthasar into the opening scene, or the Nurse's entry of Friar Lawrence's cell, and ask where Romeo is so much ahead of her that she clearly sees him when she was blind. And in the latter, because every single one of the artists is mismanaged, even though some of them are good actors. Rebecca Saire looks exactly like Juliet always thought to be, and she doesn't look like a bad actress to a teenager, but her performance has no passion whatsoever. Patrick Ryecart as Romeo is even worse, not just as dim as Juliet, but also too old and not even beautiful. It comes as a combination of Malcolm McDowell and the Chucky doll. Getting them together makes it impossible to think they feel anything to each other, let alone the main players of the greatest love story ever written. Alan Rickman plays Tybalt in his screenguard as if he were Darth Vader. It is a big mistake that takes away the complexity that Shakespeare intended, no character as a hero or villain, but all defective people. This Tybalt is so common that we don't believe the characters' pity after its demise. As for Paris, I thought of Spaceballs' "Prince Valium". Only Celia Johnson manages the nurse's character a little justice. <br /> <br /> At 168 minutes, this production can't encourage us with the characters, because the characters don't interfere with each other and never saw their own roles. The best screen version is still Franco Zeffirelli's. But to be honest, this BBC one is almost not as bad as horrors like George Cukor's flamboyant geriatric version, or the crime against humanity, which is Baz Luhrmann's feature-length MTV video. 10/04.
