Superficically, "Brigadoon" is a very promising entertainment package. Gene Kelly and Vincente Minnelli, the team behind an American in Paris, are reunited with many of the great artisans and women behind their previous collaboration. Gene's leading lady is Cyd Charisse, one of the best dancers of the 40s / 50s theater, and unlike the generally better "It's Always Fair Weather", this movie has given them the chance to dance not just one but two to get it. Lerner and Loewe were the emerging team behind such future hits as My Fair Lady and Minnelli's musical masterpiece Gigi. Lerner and Minnelli have already shown their bad collaboration on the excellent "American in Paris". <br /> <br /> What happened on the way? Why is the movie itself such a stupid? Minnelli did not want to do the film, despite his previous warm artistic and personal relationship with Lerner. Perhaps it was because the film's innate conservatism was just too much of two steps forward for MGM and one step backwards for Vincente Minnelli. But once trapped in this command, as Brigadoon's inhabitants are trapped within its city limits, Minnelli has tried to turn it into something that would be entertaining on a particular distracting, if not liberating, way. The ultimate result is truly horrible to watch. <br /> <br /> While the naive charm of previous Minnelli hits such as "Cabin in the Sky" and "Meet Me in St. Louis" strive, the plaid tights are residents. The Brigadoon can do nothing about the illusory nostalgia of those who have never been before. The madness doesn't even match the gleaming glamor of "Yolanda and the thief" or "The Pirate" because the highland institutions at the same time seem too specific for such an exotic fantasy and too generic for true human emotions. The only people in Brigadoon that I can at least participate in are the inept man who tries to escape and the unlucky fellow traveler played by Van Johnson accidentally beat him. The general proceedings in the congregation Brigadoon itself are too arcane and provincial even due to a backward form of Christianity: they look positively pagan in their aspect. For example, in return for Brigadon's immortality, the honorable and most common "good" pastor of the town sacrificed his own place in the so-called blessed refuge. <br /> <br /> At one point we are convinced that "everyone's looking for their own Brigadoon." That's enough to say the box office for this photo confirms my own suspicion that most of us are not looking for is after this kind of quasi-rope paradise. The premise itself is ridiculous and almost insulting, but can work if the players were perfect. But Kelly herself is the most deceptive thing about the movie, and Charisse is terribly disgusted as a virgin optimist, just as Lucille Bremer was in disrepute in "Yolanda and the thief." Van Johnson does his best version of the classic Oscar Levant sidekick to Kelly (even illuminating 3 cigarettes at one point like Levant in "AIP"), and he offers many amusing moments. But it says something in itself as the best part of a huge budget extravaganza with all the best talents of MGM, is a scrapped Van Johnson show.
