I don't often feel compelled to give negative criticism to a movie; After all, I often feel the stuff, "if you say nothing to say it, don't say it at all," would be the advice for the many naysayers we listen to every day, striving for the things we want. . If it's the same to you for the reader, though, I feel compelled to show it with the one-off exception to Christopher Walken's return role, as Gabriel is pathetic. I tell you to warn yourself beforehand that even if you are a fan of Walken's deadpan delivery and style or of the original "Prophecy", you will be very disappointed. If you buy it, send it back. If you rent it, make sure it's only ninety-nine cents. <br /> <br /> What's wrong with this movie? A full list will take too long to read and will lead you to tears, but a brief summary will be: the once quite crystalline clear picture of the relationship between angels and mortals of the first movie is torn. Gabriel is converted from the rather morbid right hand of God that he once was (and in this role he is WICKEDLY funny in the first) to little more than a thug for heaven. As Walken is so good at playing (we remember Frank White from King of New York), he is still pleasant, but the supportive role is an undisputed and unconvincing mess of mortals and angels who could not get an idea of 50 not. cents. If you can figure out the plot, you are a smarter man than me. One feels that we are deliberately moving from stage to scene, just to move the movie to Walken's next big line. By the end of the movie, you really want him to blow his horn and the walls of Jericho will fall on the people who made this natural disaster. <br /> <br /> Bottom line - it's an insult to our intelligence that they've made a sequel to this movie first. The original tells the right story, answers the questions that should have been, and left alone the one you intended to think about. There are no compelling reasons to follow these characters who were in the first place - the priest who lost his faith, the girl who kept the big secret, the teacher who protected her children. Even Lucifer himself was more interesting in himself. first movie as all the other characters in the successor. I feel sorry for anyone who sees this movie and not the first because they will probably never want to see the original and this is a real tragedy.
