Everyone knows that Gregory Widen's original "The Prophecy" didn't really need a successor, but you also don't need a rocket science degree that is above your chimney to realize that further cash payments on this lucrative horror concept were inevitable . Part two is a very prototype example of a straight-to-video sequel, which means that the creative and intricate plot of the original is much simplified in favor of more action, more witty one-liners and a lot more terrible religious landscape. The only good news is that the producers have managed to keep Christopher Walken for Gabriel's role, and he still delivers a brilliant performance that justifies a rental price. If it wasn't for Walken's performance (and maybe some players in the supporting role such as Brittany Murphy and Glenn Danzig), the prophecy II would surely disappear after the release into oblivion. The movie begins with Gabriel, literally spat out of hell, to continue with his continuing War of Heaven here on earth. The goal of his struggle this time is to prevent the baby from nurse Valerie Rosales (Jennifer Beals) from being born. For you see, her unborn child is the first hybrid between a heavenly angel and an earthly "monkey" and the birth of such a superior being would hold the downfall of Gabriel's evil rule. So, just like in the first movie, he engages in a suicide accomplice to help him and Valerie completely into Eden for the final build. "The Prophecy II" is a revivable and sometimes even entertaining movie, as long as you do not make comparisons with the original and as long as you overlook the multiple plot holes and errors in continuity. Fortunately, when the storyline gets boring, the makers put a brilliant Christopher Walken moment to lead you. His interactions with rebellious Izzy and especially his ignorance of modern terrestrial technologies often lead to valuable and memorable sequences. On a slight letter of rejection, I often felt that "The Prophecy II" looked like the same as "Terminator II" ?? Gabriel's resurrection looked like the teleportation of a futuristic cyborg and the Eden site, where the last battle takes place, looks much like the steel factory where Terminator II also ended. Coincidentally, I think? Overall, it's an inferior and acceptable successor, but it's still worth checking out if you're a fan of Christopher Walken's unique acting charisma (and who isn't?).
