It is one of those horror blocks where twenty pieces of dark art roam around a campfire and get into trouble in doing so. A portal was opened with a world of demons known as the Kelippoth of the Sitra Achra by a man whose daughter, Summer, is kidnapped by something taken in it. Summer is being trained by a mysterious group whose identities are never revealed to fight the devil's monsters. This is part of the plot that allows him to investigate. Anyway, three wannabee witches, along with Renea, the most enthusiastic, dark-haired practitioner in the dark, and her lesbian cohorts, Jasmine and Marlene (.. it's more or less a passing gift with them.) with friends, Jason and Ricky, on a journey in the desert where summer disappeared from her home ten years ago. The opening of the portal through a spoken text written in an old book, a demon is free, like Summer, now a fighter babe whose training has led to a very fit and athletic body and skills needed was to slay monsters in the other world. <br /> <br /> A low budget contains a clumsy but ambitious story that limits it to a limited environment. These young adults spend a lot of time in the bush and hope not to be an animal. As the case may be in these movies, the demon stands on the side, while the story evolves as the summer tries to remember how everything happened while she was friends with Jason who wanted to help her recover the lost time . The action is mostly shot in the dark, which makes any violence difficult to decipher. Brigitte Kingsley (and the rest of the female cast for the case), is a mighty nice eyecatcher, dressed in a slim dress like a female Conan, a beautiful body that we have to enjoy from the moment she gets to the closing of the movie. Some lesbians (kiss and kiss) and nudity spit things up nicely, and the throw looks fun with the goofy plot. It is so ominous that the mad tones are probably suitable for the material. <br /> <Maybe it's interesting to be with World Wrestling Entertainment's "Captain Courageous" Christian (real name Jason Reso) as one of the groups, haunting his alter ego as a chicken. Landy Cannon is similar to an unlikely hero, Jason, a loving, naive young man whose former fiance, Jasmine (Vanessa James) is now bisexual and in love with Marlene. Jasmine's cruelty is toying with Jason's feelings by hiding her a relationship with Marlene's knowledge, while Ricky and Renea are trying to guide him away from the idea that he can set up a dead flame that never goes out . The Kelippoth devil is mostly darker, I don't think to show how ridiculous / laughable it seems to be fully presented. The lesbian antiques of Jasmine and Marlene (Haley Shannon) are mostly tame, diminished their love, once in the forest against a tree, toned down and also replenished with the dark night. My rating is a bit favorable, almost exclusively due to Kingsley, for purely superficial reasons, rather than the plot or movie-up. The movie aims to encourage the boys (and girls who love hot women). However, I think, for the most part, the humor falls a little flat.
