THIS is definitely a strange way to promote a movie that has a great deal of peace. And it looks like ordinary suicide on the side of the studio, as (1) The festivals between the film were long known before the film's release. (2) The feud between the producer (Robert Fryer) and the director (Michael Sarne) was also common knowledge. (3) The role-players have made no secret of their contempt for the film and have made it public on every occasion, with daily set bulletins reported by gossip columnists. <br /> <br /> And (4) The author, Gore Vidal, virtually hates it one day. Nonetheless, that tagline sums it up. Raquel Welch <br /> <br /> gives a decent performance as Myra, and she also looks beautiful. John Huston is very funny as Buck Loner, the ex-Cowboy Star who runs a deadly academy. Of course, Mae West (in her first screen phenomenon since 1943) has adapted her part to fit herself, and she is wonderful as "" well-known "(and it is soft). '' Talent Agent '' Leticia Van Allen. Yet she had wondered (after waiting so long for a good vehicle to return) how she had ever landed in this mess. <br /> <br /> Tom Selleck (in his film block) is one of her "clients". John Carradine and Jim Backus, as doctors, also briefly absorbed. Rex Reed like Myron, Farrah Fawcett and Roger Herren, as victims of Myra / Myron's sexual passion, is not here or there. The same goes for writing, which not only focuses on the basic plot of the book, but seems to be in at least three different directions at once. Although Wes's part was originally larger, she was reduced to a cameo role by the time Sarne was editing. And partly as a result, it looks like she's in another movie. Apparently, the producers at one stage realized that Mae would be the big draw of the movie and could not replace most of her cut material. They rushed her back to the set after filming for the second of her two songs, both of which come from nowhere. The device Sarne used to throw in old movie clips of passing stars to emphasize any points he made is not working. By the time the movie ends, a weary spectator may wonder what goes on in hell. Not surprisingly, just about everyone who relates to the production felt the same way, and it died at the box office. A technically flawless DVD includes, among other things, separate commentaries from both Welch and Sarne. Everyone has completely opposite opinions of just what went wrong. No doubt, this is a home video released by a 2001 '' Vanity Fair '' piece, which tries (in great detail) to do the same thing. In fact, the structure of the novel made a screen adjustment a dubious venture, but with Sarne driving what was apparently an awkward production, it never had a chance.
