It was the Sixties, and anyone with long hair and a hip, sensible attitude could get money to make a movie. That's how Michael Sarne, director of this colossal flop, could get the job done. Sarne is one of the most undisputed people who ever gave a dollar to make a movie. In fact, the entire studio had to be beaten to vote for a man who made exactly one previous movie, a terribly precious 60's hip-black-white featurette named Joanna. This film played the similar unpretentious actress / waif Genevieve Waite, who could barely speak a whole line without entering an inappropriate facial expression or bat-like twitter. Sarne, who was unlikely to be able to make a cartoon, never had a big-budget Hollywood movie in mind, was over his head. David Giler's book is the best place to find out how the faux-infant terrible Sarne could pull the wool over everyone's eyes. If there is ever a historic marker indicating the superficiality and eagerness of an era, Myra Breckinridge provides that marker. It embodies the emptiness and prudent excess of a decade that is more often remembered for a great sea shift in body politics. Breckinridge is a touchstone of another, equally important vein. Look at this movie and you will get a different perspective on the less frequent fatigue of spirit that often went for talent in those years. <br /> <br /> Many reviewers talked about cutting footage from other films, especially older people. Some have actually kept this "commentary" on what happened in the movie, others found them senseless, annoying and intrusive. Although the movie is so bad, any intrusion must be an improvement. <br /> <br /> In my opinion, the real reason, Michael Sarne, put so many film filings in Myra Brekinridge, to paper the bottomless shortage of white and imagination he owns. That is, Sarne was so imaginative that he just threw these cuts to fill the space and take time. They were not inspiring, they were desperate. His writing skills were nonexistent, and David Giler walked away wisely from the project, as one might be able to get from a ticking bomb, leaving Sarne to really make a movie and he couldn't. It was beyond its slim capabilities. Hence the introduction of what seems like half an entire movie is worth clips. The spirits of writers and directors - long ago passed - were prompted to solve this disastrous flopperoo because Sarne couldn't. It turned up on the days he was sitting on the set and thought for eight hours while the whole role and crew (and not the producers and the accountants) cooled down and waited for something, a great imagination. , a hint of originality, a sopcon of white, to crack out of Zeus' forehead. Um, oops. No Zeus + No Imagination + No Sparks = Millions of small dollar bills with small wings - each made from the hundreds of licensing agreements needed to use the cuts - coming out of the window. Goodbye. <br /> <br /> Like myself, I hated the movie. They have blessed Sarne's many betteries, people with many talents - even those whose skills were not great - outperformed the abilities of the director and ultimately demonstrated how lacking in inspiration, originality - and even with ordinary skill . even the cutest of them.
