Anyone who knows me even remotely can tell you that I almost love bad movies, and I can honestly say I've finally seen one of the everyday legendary bad movies: the almost indescribable mess that MYRA is. BRECKINRIDGE. An adaptation of Gore Vidal's best-selling book (he later denies this movie version), the star images MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is really a movie so bad that it remains bizarre entertainment from start to finish. The X-rated film about sex changes and Hollywood was an absolute catastrophe at the box office and was literally intrigued by critics and audiences at the time of its release. Not surprisingly, the movie has become an almost legendary cult status among lovers of bad theater, and I was really excited to finally see it for the first time. <br /> <br /> Director Michael Sarne (who just had two other previous live credits in his name at that time), took a lot of flack for the completed film and in truth it doesn't really seem like he has an idea about what he tried to achieve. The film is often incoherent, with complete sequences in such a half-hearted way that many scenes become almost incomprehensible. Also annoying is the gimmick of using archive material from the Fox cellar and nailing it at regular intervals in the picture. This means that archival material from previous movie stars such as Judy Garland and Shirley Temple in new movie scenes of often cruel sexual acts, and the process not only works (it also caused a minor riot as actors such as Temple and Loretta Young the studio sued to use their image without permission.) <br /> <br /> Perhaps Sarne is not the only one to blame, as the movie's screenplay and casting will also shake many viewers in disbelief. For example, this film will ask you to believe that critical film critic Rex Reed (in his first and last major film role) can have a gender change operation and emerge as the beautiful sex goddess Raquel Welch? The film also becomes difficult to follow when Welch as Myra attempts to take over a movie school of her cute uncle (played by legendary film director John Huston), seduce a fresh female film student (Farrah Fawcett) and the school's resident bad boy learning (Roger Herren) a lesson by raping him with a band dildo. Did everyone follow it? <br /> <br /> And it gets even better (or worse, depending on your perspective)! I still called the movie's top-notch star: the legendary screen symbol of the 1930s, Mae West! Me. West was 77 years old when she appeared in this film (she was 26 years old) and apparently she regarded herself as a formidable sex symbol as a school talent agent who had a young man Tom Selleck throwing herself on her . As if it wasn't bad enough, the scene-deaf creatures perform two newly written songs about halfway through the movie, and I think I might endure permanent brain damage to listen to them! <br /> <br /> Of course, nothing like this would seem like anybody with a fair taste as "good", but I would give MYRA BRECKINRIDGE a 4 out of 10 because it's always morbid entertaining even when I had no idea what to do in hell. Also, most of the cast is trying very hard. Raquel, in particular, seems so bent on making her poorly written part meaningful that she manages to make the movie worth watching. If she only worked with a decent script and skilled director, she could eventually receive some respectful critics. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is also good. The engaging John Huston (who really had to regulate the picture) had a few funny moments. Rex Reed is not bad for a non-actor, and Farrah Fawcett is pleasantly careful and fun. Roger Lord is also good, but he has never appeared in another movie (I think he could not only survive the man who caught Raquel Welch). And as someone of the above description could guess, Mae West was totally out of her mind when she agreed to do this movie - but it is part of what makes it fun for those who love a bad theater.
