MYRA BRECKINRIDGE, rarely seen since the release of the scene in 1970, has become a word for cinematic debacle of legendary relationships. Finally on DVD in an unexpectedly nice package, it is so unlikely that it will be widely heard today as it was when it was first released. <br /> <br /> Gore Vidal's 1968 bestseller was a dark satirical statement. Most filmmakers felt that the novel's story, structure and overall tone would not be filmed, and the industry's insiders were surprised when 20th Century Fox not only acquired rights but also hired Vidal for his novel to suit. But studio executives soon had cold feet: Vidal's adjustments were repeatedly rejected and the author director Michael Sarne, the curious author, was brought in to bring the film to the screen. <br /> <br /> Studio drivers hoped that Sarne would type in the youth market as a target for the movie, but Sarne proved even more of the material than the drivers themselves. Review on rewriting that is followed. The cast, sensing disaster, has become increasingly versatile. In her DVD commentary, star Raquel Welch says that she rarely has an idea of ​​what Myra's motives were from scene to scene or even within a single scene, and that every person involved was making a whole different movie . In the accompanying "Back Story" documentary, Rex Reed says that MYRA BRECKINRIDGE was a movie people who hid in their changing rooms while waiting for their lawyers to send their calls back. <br /> <br /> The accuracy of these comments is demonstrated by the film itself. The basic principles of Vidal's story are there, but not only has the story of all broader implications been cut, it seems to have no sense in and of itself. Everything runs in several directions, nothing connects, and interrupts many scenes that might have had the logic of previous scenes. And while director Sarne has repeatedly stated in his comment that he wanted to make the film as pure farce, the only laugh made was accidentally. <br /> <br /> Heads of these accidents are Mae West. It is true that West is unexpectedly well preserved in appearance and that she has not been lost with a single plane - but there is no such thing as being in her seventies and her belief that she is the silence that sexiest trick in shoe leather is very disturbing, to say the least. But worse, really, is the fact that West is out of her age. Her efforts to translate herself into a hip and hilarious person lead to one of the most embarrassing self-caricatures ever seen on film. <br /> <br /> The remaining cast is largely wasted. Raquel Welch, a significant underrated actress, plays the title role of Myra much like a Barbie doll on steroids; Non-actor Rex Reed is unexpectedly effective in the role of Myron, but the whole role is essentially without point. Only John Huston and cameo players John Carradine, Jim Backus, William Hopper, and Andy Devine are relatively unhurt. Yes, it is really the debacle that everyone in the movie has feared, it will be: fast when it has to be slow, slow when it needs to be fast, relentlessly from the beginning to the end. True, director Sarne has the opportunity to have inspired ideas - as in the use of movie clips from everyone from Shirley Temple to Judy Garland to make a difference to the action - but largely when Sarne has a choice of How to do something. to do, it seems he made the wrong one. <br /> <br /> The way and why it is made clear in Sarne's audio commentary. Sarne doesn't like the novel or the subject in general. He didn't want to write the script, but he needed the money; He didn't want to show the film straight, but he needed the money. He makes it very clear that he did not like the writer Gore Vidal and Rex Reed (at one stage he states that Reed is "not a pretty person") and to this day he considers Vidal and Reed to sabotage the film because he refused to play in their 'homosexual agenda' - which, if you get it right, shows that Sarne does indeed have a movie of Vidal's novel, rather than his own strange imagination. <br /> Although he spent a fair amount of commenting time stating that the film is very similar to the gay community, Sarne never really seems to hear the gay film's appeal from his ridiculous inaccurate depiction of gay people do not arise. . Along with the movie itself, Sarne is more than a little homophobic - and quite frankly the only worst choice of writers and directors to make for this project. <br /> <br /> In addition to the comments by Sarne and Welch and the making of the documentary, the DVD edition includes several trailers and two versions of the movie: a "theater release" version and a "movie release" restored "version. The only difference between the two is that the final scene in the "restore" version is printed in black and white. The edits made before the film did not recover in general release, but the documentary details they were. The widescreen transfers from both are remarkably good and the sound is pretty good. But to end where I started, it is indeed a film that will interest most film historians, film buffers and cult film fans. I give it three out of five stars for their sake alone, but everyone has to pass it on. <br /> <br /> Gary F. Taylor, aka GFT, Amazon Reviewer
