MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is one of those rare films that instantly established its place in film history. Price for the film was absolutely inconsistent, even of the people involved in making it. This film was fired one day. While there sometimes comes some maverick that will praise the film on philosophical grounds (aggressive feminism or the courage to tackle the issue of transgenderism), the film has not followed a cult as some notorious flops do. It is not considered a misunderstood masterpiece such as SCARFACE, or regarded as a camp classic like SHOWGIRLS. <br /> <br /> Undoubtedly, the reason is that the film, although shameful, doesn't love, or even enjoyable. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is simple in common. As a Hollywood satire, it is cold-blooded and temperate, but in a low-key way. MYRA obviously assumes that Hollywood is a corrupt town, but continues to attack such beloved icons such as Laurel and Hardy, Shirley Temple, Judy Garland and Gary Cooper. The film seems to imply that everything about Hollywood on its own is dirty. There seems to be something that is inherently courageous to mock mocking holy cows, but doesn't give a rationale to mock in the first place. The film is also viscous anti-American and anti-establishment and anti-this and anti-that, but all in a superficial, late 1960s, trendy way. Like CASINO ROYALE; SKI-DOO; I love you, ALICE B. TOKLAS and other hip-epics, MYRA is a middle-aged vision of the hippie-dippy youth culture. It tries to embrace the very attitude it emphasizes. But instead of excited self-mocking, MYRA makes no attempt to hide its contempt from anything that comes into its grip. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE has the humor of a bully; there is not a moment of innocence in it. His intentions are not honorable. TIME magazine describes it as "about as funny as a child molester", but it's not nearly as sympathetic. <br /> <br /> For example, poor Mae West criticizes the film, which is described as all that looks like an outdated dragon queen to a rusty stroll. Of course, the octogenic star did not know how ridiculous she seemed to be playing a nice talent agent, which for men is small enough to be her grandchildren or even her grandparents. But, director Michael Sarne had to know, but he used her anyway. Why? Because she was apparently the joke. Like John Huston, John Carradine, Grady Sutton, Andy Devine and other veteran performers in the film, they are just there so that the film can mock their age and use them to cast their movie carts. They are thrown as smarmy self-parodies, such as Rex Reed, the arrogant, fine film critic, who is just playing in the movie. But the real Reed, the celebrity hound, jet-setting, talk show gossip, can charm a silly funny way. but like Myron, Myra's alter-ego, he is just zealous. Again, apparently for Sarne, Reed is the joke. <br /> <br /> You see MYRA BRECKINRIDGE and you don't see actors, you see victims. No more so than Raquel Welch. Nobody will accuse Welch of being a great actress, but it is proof of her perseverance and her appeal that she survives this film and has made her career prosperous. In virtually every scene, Welch was ahead and meanwhile a target for abuse aimed at the film, but for her credit she gave a remarkable nuanced performance. Although, of course, centered on the natural beauty of Huston and the almost catatonic west, Welch should not do much to achieve a good balance. Yet, she makes her terribly intrepid dialogue with a deadly smirk, with just the hint of self-righteous enjoyment that a James Bond villain will be proud of. According to the legend, Welch was hit by an apostate west and subjected to repeated verbal abuse on the set by the ruling siren, Sarne, not to speak of one deteriorating scene to another. It made it all the more remarkable that she could give it a cool and saturated display. <br /> <br /> The only intriguing element of the movie is trying to find out what the movie's agenda is. The whole story is a fantasy fable, indicating that it is moral to deliver, but what it might be is someone's guess. With all her talk about destroying "the last vestigial traces of traditional masculinity out of the race," it seems a feminist ax is grinding. But as a feminist, Myra is a monstrous figure, a sexual predator. Besides Myra is not a woman, rather she is an error of Myron, who is supposedly a gay man. It can explain the male rape scene as well as the character's love / hate attitude to the macho, seemingly straight, quietly rusty, but it doesn't explain his / her obsession with the so-called lesbian tryst with Farrah Fawcett's Mary Ann. The film is obsessive with sex, but can hardly be accused of being in favor of the sexual revolution; all the sex is treated as if it is not dirty, or at least perverse and humiliating. Making Gore Vidal's original novel is not helpful, as it is as confused and useless as the movie. <br /> <br /> And it's a rare movie that actually seems to hate movies. Not just movies as a business, but movies as part of the culture. The movie itself is wall-to-wall above references to old movies. All that director-writer writer Sarne approaches with a bad contempt. He chased the 20th century Fox Traps and played the movie with pieces of old movies, not a tribute or a social commentary, but mocking the innocence of old Hollywood. How can an artist - if you'd rather call Sarne - make a work of art if he hates all the medium he works on? The lot of trouble is completely self-defeating. <br /> <br /> MYRA BRECKINRIDGE doesn't look like nothing but being nasty. It hates Hollywood, it hates America, it hates sex, it hates gays and straights and women and men and old people and youths and Laurel and Hardy and, well, you call it and it probably has a scene showing disdain for it. In a very sad and sad way, MYRA BRECKINRIDGE can be the first punk manifesto, a celebration of pop culture nihilism.
