I bought a set of 4 DVDs for $ 10 at my local Suncoast, which includes this movie and three other trashy horror flicks (including the sequel "Heksery XI"). So basically, I paid the $ 2.50 rock bid price for this movie, if you did the math. I can't say exactly I was ripped off. I have a thing for trashy horror movies, but it's the kind of garbage that gives trash a bad name. The budget can't be more than $ 1,000 (although it seems they've spent a total of $ 1.50). I know this is a low-budget movie, but it's no excuse for totally uninspired camera work. The movie "Blood Cult", though not very good, is made for a very low budget and has quite good camera work and acting. The play in this movie is the definition of "effortless", especially of that muscular guy with the Texas accent. Everyone reads quite a lot of their lines from the page. You can take it figuratively or literally. I won't be surprised if the script was off the camera. I said before that I have never seen a bad English actor. This movie has quite a few bad ones. And although English movies aren't always good, they always seem to have at least some sophistication. That's why I don't see why any Englishman or Englishman would be willing to make a home video style. this. Did Ivory put a hold on their decisive calls? Usually I think people are too hard on directors and actors. Even some of the worst movies in Hollywood have some professionalism in directing, acting and filming. Even if you watch a movie like 'Glitter', you can't honestly say it looks like a third-degree shooter has shot the screens (although a third-degree could have written the script). I saw home movies that were better shot than "Witchcraft X", and it was not exaggerated at all. Even the gore is minimal, as the filmmakers only had money to buy some fake blood at Party City. There is no single attempt to make this movie - let's just call it that. You get the picture. There is a lot of nudity, but it doesn't save it. However, I have to say that the girl with the red-orange hair, bare or wearing a outfit outfit in the movie, is really hot! <br /> <br /> My Score: 1 (out of 10)
