but "Cinderella" gets my voice, not just for the worst Disney princess movies, but for the worst movie the company made at Walt's lifetime. The music is really beautiful, and the story is called "classic". What fails in this movie is the characters, especially the title character, who can only be called "the heroine" in the least sense of the term. <br /> <br /> After a short prologue, the audience is introduced to Cinderella. . She wakes up in the morning and sings a dream is a wish that makes your heart. "It sets her as an idealist (and therefore deserving of our sympathy). Unfortunately, the script gives us no idea what she is dreaming about. Freedom from her servant role? The respect of her stepchild? Someone to talk to mice and birds? In one song (cut off from the movie, but presented in the special features section of the latest DVD), Cinderella tells her the desire to be a lot of her so she can do her work more effectively. You go girlfriend! In short, Cinderella is a very mere character. She passively accepts her stepson's abuse, escaping in her unspoken dreams of relief. She only claims herself once by reminding her stepmother that she is still a member of the family. For that she gets permission to go to the ball if she completes her homework and finds something to wear, a drawing gesture that is clearly absurd to anyone, except of course Cinderella. Can anyone see that Belle or Jasmine is such a doormat? If Cinderella is boring, her male counterpart is nothing short of lifelong. The Prince in Cinderella gets no dialogue and almost no screen time. We get no idea if he is a good man, if he respects Cinderella or anything. All we know is 1) he is a prince and 2) he is dancing well. Heck, even the prince of "Snow White" sang at least a romantic song. Not only does this lack of development mean that romance is less interesting, it makes Cinderella look like a social climber or an idiot, which is already weakening her already turbulent appeal. <br /> <br /> Perhaps how dull the main characters were, the animators chose to give excessive screen time to the movie's comic relief, Cinderella's friends, the mice. Granted, these characters are amusing. Yet, when the comic relief steers the appearance of the principals, let's just say your story has problems. <br /> <br /> Dinsey likes to proclaim all his animated features as "masterpieces". While many of them are, there are some who do not deserve this appeal. Sinderella is an excellent example of this fact.
