If you ever wanted to see a movie highlighting style over substance, it's for you. For me, Son de Mar is beautiful to watch, but there are precious little substances, unless mawkish, melodramatic, manipulative love yarns turn you on. This can be one of the well-known 'chick flicks' you have heard so much about. <br /> <br /> We are about halfway through this movie before anything really happens: Ulises (Jordi Molla) goes out to sea and doesn't look for tuna, and doesn't come back, and leaves his wife Martina (Leonor Watling ) and son to look after themselves. Then, in a furious six-minute screen-time, they buried Ulysses, Martina's marriage, and her son grows into the middle of childhood. This quick conversion is the least and very sloppy: after 40 minutes more or less hanging around, we are suddenly in a thoroughbred melodrama, all in six minutes. Five years later, Ulises (as in the walking superhero Ulysses, get it?), Return to his 'Penelope' (Watling) to just find that she is married to Sierra (Eduard Fernandez), an inexplicably rich man (what does he make that dough?) Which inexplicably holds crocodiles as pets. When Martina, in great rage, asks Ulises about his absence, he tells her that one day she will take her to the island of Sumatra, and she will understand everything. <br /> <br /> And here's the thing: he DOESN Don't take her to the island of Sumatra. The reference dies somewhere in writing. He does NOT explain where he was and why he ignored his wife and child for five years. He does not liberate himself as an honorable man, and the film does NOT fill in the plot holes that are staring at us at least half of the film. I can only accept that director Bigas Luna wants us to fill in the story lines with the mystical clues (fish, reptiles, the sea) he offers through breathtaking cinematography and elusive dialogue. It just doesn't work. The narrative 'bow' on this movie ends more like a wobble clothes line. <br /> <br /> I'm sure Jordi Molla is a good actor, but I couldn't buy his Ulises as any hero. (which is what the original Ulysses had to be). With moist sensuality, he spits a short stanza of identical poetry from Virgil about 2,000 times and each time it generates Martina on explosive orgasm. This man has to be hired to relive old marriages. I'm sure Virgil will be impressed. He didn't lay it that often, as I understand it. <br /> <br /> This poetic 'device' is prominent in the movie, and I have no choice but to assume that it was a gender reversal of Ulysses' famous siren song (ie beautiful girls who seduce to distant sailors , who was doomed if they answered the stuff, siren call). If that's what Bigas Luna is up to, you can see the problem - he presents a complicated symbolism in a snatch-and-grab effort at High Art. Again, it just doesn't work, at least in my eyes. Watling is a beautiful and magnetic young actor, but she gives us a character here that doesn't have much intellectual or even romantic depth. It's beyond me how she falls in love with a man who has a front-rent mind on his face (like in vacant), oily 1960's style hair that looks more like seaweed, and one of those fashionable 21st century beards "(you know , four days of growth, no more, no less) He is supposed to be a dreamy kind of guy (I think), but his eyes suggest that he may be suffering more from an exaggerated exponent for a deadly writing. <br /> <br /> Don't lose heart, this movie is great to watch, don't try to link the dots to the red herring, or think too much about what you hear In the way of dialogue, you can do a lost speed replacement on this movie (especially in the first 40 minutes) and you really won't miss out.
