Steven Vasquez directs and writes with James Townsend, the star, this strange little drama cum horror flick with apparently very good ideas and intentions: make a gay movie that takes a different storyline than the usual prize and make a drama that wants to be judged on his merits as an excitement. So why doesn't it work? To begin with, the film loses direction to the opening frame and throughout the film throughout the film, dead to make a tension player, but to satisfy an audience who wants to see naked encounters. Not that it's a bad thing: it can definitely improve some movies that are Hollywood successes. The film also tries to talk about experiences in young men and women, relationships, disturbed parenting, the club scene with all the wild antiques that accompany such events - and murder. Devon (James Townsend) at all appearances is a successful kid with a friendly friend Jenna (Sarah Kelly), but he has an eye for boys and visits a bar where he meets Brian (Alex Wilson) on the same road and Devon offers help at every level. Devon comes out, Devon comes out and the mysteries start: boys are mutilated in the neighborhood. Devon's stepfather psychologist, dr. Kirk Tyler (Dan Swett) is not what he seems to be and despite Devon's comforting mother Donna (Sonja Fisher) Devon is thrown into the streets because of his new relationship. Dr. Tyler in a dark business is with Dick Detective Cunningham (Earl McDougle) who apparently investigates the missing boys. Devon gathers his sources from his girlfriend Jenna and her loved ones. The group reveals the darkness of dr. Tyler and sewing detective sidekick. And thereby Donna gives warmth and understanding as the perfect mother of a gay boy, etc. <br /> <br /> Some of the actors are pleasing to the eye (and there are very few, the eye does not regularly check!), but the degree of acting is low all the time. The only thing we are forgiving (and in some cases it is just too poor to forgive) is the sense of commitment of all concerned. Yes, it's a low budget movie and yes, the director needs time to learn his trade. But in the end there is something to say that the people involved are trying to take a gay movie to another level. Maybe their next one will be polished more. Grady Harp
