... and not in a good way. BASEketball is a waste of the film in all sorts of ways. It is offensive to all the senses. It doesn't necessarily bother me, I've seen very bad movies, very bad movies and will see them again. BASEketball though is a caliber movie where you regret sitting ninety minutes of life through it. The reason why BASEketball insults me is that it dies Trey Parker and Matt Stone in a movie they didn't write. Any respect I have had for David Zucker has long been exhausted. His recent flush movies are lazy knives that look and feel like they're made by pre-pubescent boys who sob on penis. "Airplane" was a revolutionary and very funny comedy and watched BASEketball. You will be surprised to discover that they were made by the same person. <br /> <br /> I have so much respect for Trey Parker and Matt Stone. These men today are the funniest and smartest comedians in mainstream entertainment. Their photos and South Park episodes are as relevant as they are funny. Every joke, even the jokes, has intelligence behind them. It's easy to forget that there is a mature way to approach immaturity. I think BASEketball was a great growing experience for them because they hate the movie for all the right reasons. It's a stupid mess with no sense of dignity or class. Parker and Stone shouted themselves mainly. The movie is like a 90-year-old Family Guy episode. <br /> <br /> Parker and Stone have never been good actors. They are serviceable in their films. I can't really find a way to describe their performance in BASEketball, except that it feels like they are spoofing a spoofing film. Each line is delivered on such a crazy wink. It's as if they are trying to make fun of the worst of these types of pictures and yet they become the same. I'm reminded of the South Park episode "How to Eat with your Butt" where Cartman sits in a movie, looks at a brutal comedy without plot or plausibility, except to break out. Parker and Stone use the same voices they did in that scene. for this whole picture. Actually, it's sad. <br /> <br /> And yet it's not my problem with BASEketball. My biggest gripe with the picture is that I sit there knowing that Parker and Stone are aware enough of this piece of crap script. I know if they accepted the damn thing and rewritten it that it might be about to see it. There is no indication that Zucker also leaves them improved scenes. Parker and Stone are just tools for a bad director. BASEketball has some funny concepts and I think Parker especially if he is allowed to take the Zuckers script could have worked out more. Instead we get potty humor. Don't rent BASEketball, you can get the same laugh to watch a group of grade schoolers chase
