I gave this movie a 5 out of pity. My intention is not to burst anyone's bubble, because I have seen that, as I have commented by others, this film is greatly appreciated by many. Well, this is not praise, and I say this because I saw the original anime, Basilisk, and this movie is shading it. Maybe if you see Shinobi alone, you might like it. It is pleasing because of the choreographed battles, based on fantasy more than on martial arts, and I agree that their beauty is deeply improved. But the story is nothing like the original. Now I understand that when one converts an anime / manga into a movie, certain changes must occur. I didn't expect to see the freaky characters of the anime, though they have an established role, and some are really deep and well-designed. But I probably didn't expect to see big and wrong changes, basically destroying the whole story. Dramatically and unethically crippled characters turn into something that the public may love more. For example, Oboro, who is a sweet, innocent girl in the anime, completely and completely in love with Gennosuke, becomes a revenge-runner in the movie. I liked the fact that the woman is strong and evades the limitations imposed on her in the era (we are talking about Japan, 17th century), but her mood changes are incredible and poorly written. Hotarubi, which is one of my favorite characters in the film but which is not known for her childish and sensitive nature, becomes a pathetic girl who has not only fallen in love with the anime, but is more or less worthless. the storyline. I can continue, like how they made Tenzen, the worst and most dangerous character in the anime, extremely weak and unattractive, or how Gennosuke appears to be the main character totally misplaced and confused, again WEAK. The music is beautiful and the image is amazing, what was expected of a Japanese movie, and I appreciate it. But don't look if you have seen and enjoyed Basilisk, because it's just hopeless. Basilisk, though based on fantasy, with elements of horror and largely exaggerated, is wonderful and has so much more depth in his characters, storyline, historical value and that is, may I say, heartbreaking. Shinobi was a waste of time and I couldn't believe it was going to be what the climax would be. Oh, it hurts me deeply to judge a movie so hard, but I advise you. Please look at the anime, or at least look at the movie and then restore your picture of what Basilisk really is by watching the anime. Otherwise you will have a seizure if you realize how they killed it.
