It is a pity that Greta Garbo, at the age of 36, ended her infamous career with this ridiculous wrong identity marriage. With the success of her first romantic comedy, Ernst Lubitsch's masterful "Ninotchka" (1939), where she was ideally cast as a naughty Russian envoy, Garbo is reunited with her leading husband, Melvyn Douglas, for a sitcom story that She plays Karin Borg, a clear-Jane ski instructor who is impulsive with publishing executive Larry Blake when he is beaten with her. As soon as he makes clear that work is his priority, Karin accidentally decides to mask her as her high-life twin sister Katherine tests her husband's faithfulness when he is back in Manhattan. <br /> <br /> It is surprising that this infamous 1941 was burnt by George Cukor, who led Garbo to her greatest dramatic performance in 1937's "Camille" because it is such a vehicle that is not at all before screen legend is suggested. Only someone with Carole Lombard's natural sense of comfort and anger could have got away with the shenanigans in the by-the-numbers script by S.N. Behrman, Salka Viertel and George Oppenheimer. MGM's intention behind this comedy was not to make the tragedy of characters she benefited from in the 1930s, along with Garbo's image of war-time audiences who felt the studio heads. <br /> <br /> But Garbo appears to be badly-behaved mostly as the fake party girl Katherine and especially compared to knowledgeable farceurs such as Douglas and Constance Bennett as a romantic contender Griselda. Garbo looks in his spectacle in a spectacular and spectacular spectacle in her chic hairstyle for the "chica-choca" dance sequence. The story ends conventionally, but with the addition of a long physical sequence where Larry tries to maneuver his skis on a series of mountain cliffs reminiscent of Sonny Bono's death. Roland Young and Rut Gordon (in a rare appearance at this point of her career) appear in comic supporting roles as Douglas associates. This movie is not yet on DVD, and I will not regard it as a priority for transmission, as it represents a curio in Garbo's otherwise legendary career. She was apparently unhappy during the filming. I can see why.
