You may be a little confused if you make this fool, from the beginning, since the credits list is Susan Dey as 'Special Guest Star'. Um, why would a one-off MOW like this have a guest star? Well, if you stick to it, you'll find yourself paying more attention to Mrs. Dey's buttocks, wrapped in a flower bikini as the housebabe of the "Partridge Family" on the beach to which the imaginative title refers. Susan's derriere is especially compelling when she shakes it at the camera, teasing and tickling her pseudo-neglected brother in a lightly turbulent scene. Unfortunately, Susie and her home fight a lost battle: the jiggle TV maze that could put the bottom on top was three years, so sweet booty just got a supporting role. In 1976, Fat Freddy Silverman would have put it behind right and used this flick as Susan's audition band for Charlie's Angels. As we are, we denied Susan's denial of cheesecakes and had to play for a very enjoyable career playing gloomy, neurotic women. <br /> <br /> The view over Susan's hill, it must be said, is not very compelling. The scenery is fun and photographed in a bizarre, frenetic way that briefly fools you into thinking that there might be some creative intelligence at work behind the camera. Nope. It's just a typical stress-challenged 70-year-old TV player that allowed weekly serials to earn extra money (and some cable users, although they didn't know it at that time) and their "series" shows. "Here we are treated to a TV-scale nuclear family that squares against TV shooters who cannot decide whether they are a motorcycle gang or a hippie cult (so the movie makers divide the difference by placing them in dune bumps) and has never learned one of the primary lessons of the 1970s television: do not mess with Dennis Weaver (see "McCloud" and "Duel") .The only potential for depth in this movie is in the aforementioned teenage boy Steve's character, played by the long-forgotten (as ever remember) Kristoffer Tabori, who is supposed to be rebellious and upset and may experience sympathy for and attraction to the lawless gang that threatened his family, but Steve, like Tabori ( why have we not seen this wunderkind anymore?) Is actually just uncle and moody and not one clash when big D gets serious and a line in the proverbial (and literal) sand, for sleep-deprived and Susan Deyniacs (there just be there from you).
