When playing this movie on television, you might want to save about 90 minutes of your time and change the channel. There is nothing special here that you should see. Story is about two married couples from Arkansas traveling with Reno. Couple number one is Lonnie Earl Dodd (Billy Bob Thornton) who is a car dealer and has problems with his marriage. His wife is Darlene (Natasha Richardson) and she has a low self-esteem and they have not been intimate long ago. Lonnie sleeps with Candy (Charlize Theron), wife of his best friend, Roy Kirkendall (Patrick Swayze). They all drive to Reno and the four stay in a luxury suite. Roy and Candy tried to have a baby and finally Candy discovered she was pregnant. But Roy calls his doctor in Arkansas and finds out he's sterile. Candy and Lonnie recognize their relationship and now the whole journey is in chaos. This film is directed by Jordan Brady and he has made some other low-budget films, but this is his first with an impressive role. Unfortunately, Brady doesn't show much comic flair, but you can't blame him. This script is just not funny and one of the rogue problems is that the characters are all written on a sitcom level. Just because they're all from the south, doesn't mean they should be naive and idiotic. Thornton's character doesn't have the sophistication to tip the bellboy over a dollar. And Swayze's character is foolish and stupid by everyone mentioned throughout the film and one of the rare good moments comes when he asks everyone to leave him for at least one day. Penelope Cruz appears as a prostitute and it is a totally worthless and useless come. She hardly speaks more than 3 or 4 lines! I think she has made Harvey and Bob Weinstein an obligation that executive producers are for this movie. The only person who is not really bad is Richardson. We see her gaining more self-confidence, but this plot line in the film is very obvious and cliche. All these actors should know better and it's hard to see that they all read and love the writing. This is a total waste of time for these actors, but at least they paid. As for the viewers, you are not paid, so save this one!
