There are many movies that have set release dates, just to pull out the spread of a legitimate snafu of some kind, and then put them in limbo for a long time. You can only expect a movie as 'slackers' in a coma, because it's worth it, which is minimal. Release dates are constantly shifting for this truly horrible movie that is as much a leaf on the radar as it deserves. The prospect kicks under the guise of Ethan, a creepy guy with a frightening obsession for the campus bombshell Angela. Ethan devilishly rejects the help of David and his friends who faced the school for the whole run with extortion to help Angela win. I don't like giving out spoilers, but for a piece of crap like this I can make an exception. Angela falls for David, Ethan shoots everything deliberately, the good guys win. That's what happens in a nutshell for another tired teen-gross-out genre. Gross humor is funny, it has always returned to the days of the immortal classic "Animal House", like the contemporaries like "There is something about Mary" and "Road Trip" among dozens of others of which there are too many. to name. But if you use it as a plot point, you can get that far. For example, Ethan has an Angela doll made up of her individual hair that he knows he knows about it. Nobody wants to testify that Ethan is urinating in the shower while singing for himself. No one wants to see a young man singing: "She'll come around the mountain" with a sock on his penis. But nothing can prepare you for the full visual assault to see the 50-year-old bombshell, Mamie Van Doren bore her breasts on 71 years. I don't know if it's the story's lack of coherence, which cuts into scenes that make absolutely no sense. Director Dewey Nicks was a former fashion photographer, and after reviewing this film, you just wish he would go back to the profession. The worst thing you can do on any movie is to make it look like you're having fun because you detract from your goals, like "Slackers", by burying the grave under a heap of brutal gags vignette and lack to construction. It's like a lot of college students got drunk, took the camera, and shot and assembled a lot of casual crap. If you want to see a teen-brutal comedy that's really good, I suggest 'American Pie' and 'Animal House', or 'Road Trip,' just something entertaining, and not terribly bad like Slackers. Coincidentally, Cameron Diaz makes a cameo in this movie, just like in another bad movie like The Sweetest Thing, where the story treats rough humor like another plot, rather than a device that's much like this disaster. If you pass by 'Slackers' at your local video store, keep walking, and land on the bottom of the shelf as it deserves.
