I was aware of Rohmer's admiration for the late works of those he regarded as a great pleasure, and those normal spectators are widely regarded as artistic failures (such as Renoir or Chaplin's very latest films, yes, the "police of authors" also has its dark side). But with 'Les Amours d'Astrée et de Céladon', Rohmer himself wanted to be the last film to exacerbate this tradition of great directors, who made a final senile film by Urfé's L'Astrée To adapt. "With the ridiculous aesthetic codes, witch looks just like a parody of Rosselini's last movies (the ones he made for TV from Descartes or Marx's lives). <br /> <br /> In his version of" Perceval " Rohmer declined to give film-real landscapes a rewriting of what a classic representation of the Middle Ages could be, the director apparently changed when the XVII century was involved, and movie actors, like 1600's farmers dressed them. Antique text surrounded by contemporary trees and landscapes, but the whole thing looks even more ridiculous than Luchini and his fake trees, not that the story itself is stupid, but the way Rohmer mixes artifacts, of course, looks childish and amateurish. it quickly becomes involuntarily funny (and I don't even mention the annoying pronunciation of the actors, the annoying and sad humorous tries by Rodolphe Pauly, the ridiculous soft erotic tone, the poor musical tentative, or the strange fascination for trasvestisment!). <br /> <br /> The radical aesthetic of the film finally makes it a joke, which blends a mix of soft-erotic movies for TV with theological scholastic discussions (sic!). At the start of the film, Rohmer teaches us that the original French region of the story is now being exploited by modernity. That's why he had to film 'L'Astrée' in other parts of the country. However, I'm sure the movie would look more modern and interesting if Rohmer had actually filmed the same story in a modern environment with the same narrative codes and artistic decisions. This movie may interest some historians, but most of the cinephiles may be laughing at this last and sad Rohmer movie.
