I usually don't write a comment if there are so many others, but this time I feel I should. I talked about taste in another review, saying it's all in the eye of the winner, but if it comes to this movie, if you want it, it simply means you have bad taste. <br /> <br /> I love movies. I loved "Isle of the Dead", which is almost an unknown B&W movie. I even liked "Scream" and "Scary Movie". I like these movies because, if not many, they have at least something good about them. I appreciate 99.9% of the movies I've seen because they tell a story I haven't heard yet, and most directors just make good story movies. During this film I thought, "Where is it going?" (even near the end) "Where did they get these terrible actors?" "Was it supposed to be a joke?" and so. With the obvious strife threatening, I was skeptical, but I hoped it might "make" the movie and prove that I didn't waste my time. Unfortunately I was wrong. The storyline was bad to start with, and the twist has actually ruined a glimmer of hope. Here's an overview: Story line ?? Like the first movie, which was good, this one is slow and sparse without hearing related to the characters or situations. The situations are cringeworthy and level and completely boring and predictable. The twist was terrible, it didn't make me feel like excitement or WOW. Not "My God." There was nothing in the bulk of the movie you could look back and think "Oooo wasn't that smart" because it wasn't. In the "Fight Club" there are flashpoints at the end that show bots where Tyler's true identity has been shown cryptically. And when you see it again, you saw more, it was really a genius, how it was written, interpreted and directed. It was a meaningless attempt to make a wonderful turn. I think it was "wild stuff" that had a very bad double twist and I still liked the movie because the rest was OK and it wasn't too hard to be a big one. She is like the CI2 writer thought it would be the best ever. But really, it's just a bad story with a bad turn that is being plunged into the end. The film ends almost immediately, with the entire film of Sebastian's entire story built up which means nothing and forced a horrible half, pedophiles ending with a particularly young and innocent acting girl. Acting? The actors in this movie are terrible. Almost as bad a "Sunset Beach." - Extremely wheat and badly executed. It's not even that bad, it's good like "Hunk". The worst act I thought came from Amy Adams who played Kathryn. It was a solid, pathetic and bad thought behavior by her. Robin Dunne was also poor. I haven't seen "American Psycho II" yet, but his beloved "cool" style has also ruined that movie. <br /> <br /> I can't even say it's a good movie for teenagers, as it isn't. If my son or daughter likes this movie, I'll be ashamed. But they will not, anyway, because they will take everything into consideration that makes a good movie, of which this film has nothing. Really. I'm disappointed that some said, "You may not be in the age group for this movie, and it doesn't." I love all the movies now that I like a teenager and had very good taste. Do you really think that when you reach 20 + 20, you don't suddenly have a teen-like storyline? No. I love "Mean Girls" and other generic teenage movies, and watch "Beverly Hills 90210" all the time. There is no excuse for poor directing, acting and script, I'm afraid. Besides, I was 16/17 when I first looked at it. If you're older, you just make a better judge of a horrible movie. I can't believe anyone can give it 10/10, one of my favorite movies is "Memento" and I've given it 9 as I know there can be better. It's a pity for this site that people do it, give 10s flap, or don't get the movies / show, and so give it. <br /> <br /> Anyone who wants this movie should change their taste greatly. And maybe their lives, and thereby realizing it's the worst movie ever made. (Worse than "Loch Ness") <br /> <br /> If you don't have a bad taste, or just don't have a bad taste, you will absolutely hate this movie.
