Well, normally I'm not being chased so hard, especially when the first movie was done well and was finally a good movie. As for 1999, I feel that one of the top five films was cruel intent. It has everything a good movie should have, except for an original story, as it is a novel, it was still good. To cruel intentions 2 that just had to be more open to a series based on the movie Manchester prep. This should not have happened. Actually, after I have seen this movie, I understand it. Before the thing started, I was, like at least the author and director Roger Kumble, the one too. Well, 1 minute in this movie, I was disappointed. It starts with a rehash of opening the original with another spinning sebastian instead of placing the shrinking daughter's bare picture on the net. He put the principals' wife naked in the school guide. It would have been good if the woman wasn't like 50. And basically the rest of the movie is a wannabe carbon copy of the original. What I understand if there is nothing wrong, leave it as it was. But you can't do it with a movie. This was actually a prequel, I just gave it a chance to see how they turned out as they did in part 1. But with Sebastian who is more or less a prankster and Kathryn is herself and turns sebastian into the sexual predator, he was in the real story, this movie has no basis for it. Whoever did the decisive thing on this thing was far away. At least they could have tried to get people who looked like the original cast, but no, they just rented a bunch of not even really good actors. I use this term, although I don't know why. They certainly did nothing in this movie. <br /> <br /> All these movies are a lot of one linen that doesn't even have the white ones that have the original, but some of them did, but it was just because they were part 1. Another bad point was in part one that you could understand the need to pay attention for attention, as there was no involvement with tender parents they had in them and they were poorly used, as if to show why the children are like this. However, it didn't work. The best thing about the original, however, was that the cast had chemistry that they took in this world. The screen tension there was, made the film what it was. This thing really ruins the experience of the first one way out of it.
