Cruel intentions 2 are bloody terrible, I mean uber-bad. Words can't explain how bad it is, but I'll give it anyway. <br /> <br /> The plot of Wreed Intentions 2 is very similar to the first movie. Sebastian (Robin Dunne) is kicked out of a private school and is forced to move to New York. There he decides to make a new start and just establish a life of normal life. Unfortunately, he has to deal with his stepson Kathryn (Amy Adams) wants to drag him. Sebastain began to fall in love with Danielle (Sara Thompson), the innocent daughter of the principal. Kathryn wants Sebastain to just sleep with the whole school described as a "whorehouse". Kathryn also wants to take revenge at Cherie (Keri Lynn Pratt), who humiliated her during the school meeting. Kathryn wanted to make the freshman in the biggest slut in the school, a similar subplot for the first film. <br /> <br /> Cruel Intentions 2 is basically a canceled TV show, which has changed in a prequel. There are so many problems with the movie. It was poorly written, unfunny and poorly performed. Luckily for Amy Adams that the show never started, because now she's a pretty big actress. While cruel intentions had a sense of realism and could be seen in the real world, Cruel Intentions 2 is in sitcomland and, as described on amazon.co.uk, is a rogue version of Saved by the Bell. There were some dark themes that deal with sexual and drug use in the first film, but in Cruel Intentions 2 it was trying funny and some of the ideas in the movie shouldn't be, as Kathryn has a relationship with a teacher. Other ideas do not work like the secret society where all the popular children meet to discuss the demise of other students. The film also had a major problem with sexualized 15/16 year-olds. I know teenagers have sex, sometimes a lot, but when it comes to film or television, it is treated very seriously. One well-known feeling was when Daneille encouraged Cherie (who is 14/15 in the movie) to simulate sex on the back of a horse to the point where she has an orgasm. The idea of ​​turning a girl into a slut is only very wrong with me, and should not be made into a subject of comedy. The jokes in the movie fall flat, whether it be an oral gag like "she's all going to moan when she sees you" to a visual ghost where Sebastian Kathryn's face first squeezes in mud. <br /> <br /> There is much wrong with this movie, which I don't have time to go into, but I say it should be avoided. Just watch cruel intentions, while not a classic, is still a decent movie and treat the subject well. <br /> <br /> This movie is just a pervert's wet dream, with school children having lots of sex with each other.
