The worst movie ever, it's a statement that people often throw at IMDb. Whether it's your Boll movie, bad classics like Manos The Hands Of Fate or the latest no-brains summer action festival of Michael Bay, people are often quick to jump to the sudden conclusion they put on the board, that there is nothing worse. in the movie world. <br /> <br /> I envy these people because, fortunately, they are ignorant and unaware of how deep the rush of lobster films is. There are movies out there, so bad, so ominous, so inadvertently hilarious and so ridiculous that cults form around them to celebrate their horror and their discussion boards are the most favorite places on the internet, because everyone unanimously agrees that the movie is so right. <br /> <br /> Ladies and gentlemen, I'm offering you Ben and Arthur, an 85-minute gay epic that is so bad that it's very much like a violent car accident. You know it's terrible, but you can't stop. look at it. The brainchild of self-proclaimed "Hollywood actor, director" and may I add the beach fish Walvis Sam Mraovich, this movie is legendary terrible. Let me give you an indication of how ego drove the project. Mr. Mraovich not only directed this movie, he wrote it, produced it, produced it, made it, edited it and eventually succeeded. It is a man who is so blinded by his own ego and thus believes in his non-existent genius who likes someone with an ugly child, he not only sees how catastrophic his bastard creation really is. <br /> <br /> Everything in this movie fails on an epic level, the acting is the worst you will ever see, the plot is the most ridiculous, the editing and cinematography is the most amateur and even the music is like nails on a plate. I'm aware that I've gone a bit like a tangent here, but believe me this movie is really as bad as I describe it. I will say this movie is horse-drawn in a movie, but the truth is It's not even shot on film, it's shot on a digital video camera, not much better than the one that sits in your closet and now collects dust . Don't get me wrong, I forgive low budget budgets, provided the concept is interesting. For example, as much as I didn't like. The Blair Witch Project has shown that low budgets can still lead to an atmospheric interesting movie. Ben and Arthur do not have a good idea to fall back, even though this film is shot at a 20 million budget with Hollywood's best actors, it will still suck, the plot is so horrible and the characters are even worse . One of the main characters Arthur, portrayed by none other than Sam Mraovich, is one of the most cunning little bugs ever placed in a movie. You won't like him within 5 minutes of the start of the movie, and by the end of the movie the hatred will turn into a straightforward dislike. Apparently, Mr. Mraovich forgets that we are supposed to root for the hero. <br /> <br /> I don't want to spoil all the gut-breaking hilarity, you'll experience watching this movie (which I urge you not to pay for), so I'll give you two easy, soft examples of how silly this movie is, soft and soft as in the least offending mistakes in the movie. In one cut we hear one of the main characters say they know a good lawyer and call HIM. The shot fades and falls back in and this HOM they spoke of earlier is actually a woman, a spectacular mistake to make in the post production I think. The second is simple, seconds after seeing this transsexual lawyer, the characters are told to fly to Vermont. We then cut a shot of a plane landing under palm trees in a sunny area. I've never been in Vermont personally, but I'm sure you won't find any palm trees there. <br /> <br /> Imagine this kind of stupid amateur contradiction that is combined up to nearly half an hour with ridiculous dialogue and plot and multiplies it by 10 and it won't fully prepare you for Ben and Arthur yet . Imagine the absolute worst movie you've seen in your life and imagine it's even worse and you'll still not be on the same level as Ben and Arthur, but this movie is really that bad. <br /> <br /> But we have to be kind of happy, movies like this are a real rarity. They give us the hope that one day we can become filmmakers or that we can be writers. Simply because we will have a new sense of confidence due to the fact that we will know that nothing we produce no matter how much amateur such a festival can be. <br /> <br /> The real movie of all time is finally discovered, and it is called Ben and Arthur.
