Holy crap this movie was bad. I just saw it as a joke. It is not even so bad that it is unintentionally good. This film looks designed to hurt me personally. It really worked out well. It is as if the people who made it all the very annoying things about the movie PRIEST, which was added to a lot of ugly dudes, took something interesting, funny, or even extremely sexy and clever from the conspiracy, and then added in a lot of old rotten cheese. That's all it is. Cheese. There is not a single person who could possibly link this movie. There isn't a universe that this movie might possibly take. Why can't a movie like this be just about life and be happy? Why did they have to make this already stupid idea for a movie even more ridiculous than it already is? Why can't they at least try to make it a good movie, or even a B movie. Now that I think about it, what did they try to do with this movie? I looked at the expectation of a camping love story and instead I got a boring student project about an idiot who had to find the strength and courage to marry his boyfriend while his annoying Christian brother tried to destroy it all! ! No, I'm not joking. That's what it's all about. Sounds good? This film is fairly ignorant of people of the Christian religion, with the stereotyping that all Christians are hard-hearted, rude and clear to make as many people as miserable as possible. Many Christian people I know will never speak or act like these freaks. However, the film is just as unfair and ignorant to the gay community. This must be the most tastelessly produced stereotype gay men since the man on the radio station on the ROADKILL video game. It's so nervous and just annoying to the point that I couldn't pay full attention to this movie. The creators of this train swing had no strategy for set design, acting, camera angles, lighting, mini-dissertation, authenticity, or an idea to make it entertaining or interesting. There is not even a single sex scene, or at least not a credible one. Jamie Brett Gabel was the only man in the movie that looked at any good, but his good looks were unfortunately lost. This is trash. In a perfect world, this movie will be chosen 0.0. It's worth 0 as a movie alone. A mentally handicapped nun that is blind and deaf and can write small legs for arms and legs and whose face is located on her armpit, directly and with a better film, and will probably also be a better actor. The fact that this film exists is a crime against the word "film" itself. This movie is so bad that other movies should be ashamed to be available in the same viewable format. I can put a broom in a chair and then take it with a camera and then stop the movie and then replace it with a mini-x-mas tree and then record it and I have already made a movie that will always be better than BEN & ARTHUR with at least half. There are only two things worse than death. Torture and look at BEN & ARTHUR. I am a gay and I will probably be the gayest person you will ever meet if you've ever met me and I don't think I've ever been offended by a whole movie I was the first five seconds. movie alone. If this movie was a mistake, I personally will find a way to change the famous phrase "It's good to make mistakes". It is good to make mistakes, unless the mistake was BEN & ARTHUR. You know how people always say things like, "Good stuff comes from everything!" I think BEN & ARTHUR was mainly invented so that something on this earth could be nothing that would come out good. To name this movie is the worst movie I've ever seen, too much credit. It's like this movie is designed just to qualify in a category of its own. There are good movies, there are bad movies, and then there are BEN & ARTHUR. This is Ben and Arthur.
