Frustrated by the synopsis (every gay video now has a hump on the cover; it is not necessarily considered a good sign). I bought Ben and Arthur without knowing anything about it. This is my second (and I assure you it will be my last) purchase of a CULTURE Q CONNECTION video. As far as I am concerned, this DVD is nothing but a blatant rip-off. I don't make this observation light? I am an important collector of videos, gay and mainstream, and I can say with any authority and without hesitation that BEN AND ARTHUR is just the worst movie I've ever put in my life. Period. My collection boasts over 1,600 movies (93% on them on DVD) and of these, over 300 are gay and lesbian themes. I almost own every gay movie ever made, but I'm comfortable declaring that I buy almost every gay video of interest being released, and many times I buy videos without knowing anything about the movie. Sometimes it makes a pleasant surprise - Aimee & Jaguar, It's In The Water, Urbania and Normal are all examples of excellent gay titles I accidentally stumbled upon. So when I read on the box that BEN AND ARTHUR had a conflict between gay enthusiasts and Christian Law, one of my favorite subjects, I decided to take the scuba diving view, despite my previously disappointing purchase of another CULTURE Q CONNECTION TITLE, VISIONS OF SUGGESTIONS. That movie was pretty bad, but compared to Ben and Arthur, it looked like GONE WITH THE WIND. So what was so wrong with Ben and Arthur? Very! To begin with was the "plot" as it was, completely ridiculous. This film made me almost sympathetic to Christian law? We are asked not only to believe that a church will send out a member because his brother is gay, but that a priest actually wants to set up a gay couple to save their souls (as it even makes sense). The writing is so poor that many scenes do not make sense, and several plot points do not reflect logic, follow-up or correlation with the story. Murder and violence are both acceptable consequences for the gay activist / right-wing conflict, and the acting is so bad that it's hard to imagine how someone in this movie has been hired. The characters that are supposed to be straight are almost without exception clearly gay - and nelly stereotypes to start; the gay characters are not sexy or interesting. This movie is enough to prevent anyone from buying gay theme videos forever, and the distributors should be ashamed. The only advantage this photo has about my other CULTURE Q jack, VISIONS OF SUGARPLAMS, is that this one has a soundtrack with clear dialogue. Hardly a distinction as the script is so complicated that the concept of writing only serves to make you more aware of how bad this movie really is. This is an embarrassment to Queer culture, and I intend to warn everyone I possibly can before they waste their money. At $ 9.95, this movie was too expensive; I understand that it will soon be under $ 20 again, which is still highway robbery, again under price. I paid the original price of $ 29.95, and I have never been in my life again. The only real laugh associated with this drift is the reviews ?? I have seen a number of user-friendly reviews for this movie on various websites, and there is always one or two praising the director / writer / actor that it is clear that the judge is a friend of this Ed Wood wannabe. How sorry. How desperate. I just want IMDb to allow you to award zero stars - or even minus zero. If ever a movie deserves it, it is.
