If there was a movie that earned a 0 out of 10, it would be. 'House of the Dead' redefines the term 'bad movie'. Other bad movies, such as "When a Stranger Calls" or "Premonition" will actually look much better compared to "House of the Dead". The basic plot of House of the Dead is a group of twenty somethings traveling to a remote island to attend the "rave of the century". When they get there, they only find tents, a bar, a stage, and some bloody t-shirts. They decide to stay anyway, and they are soon attacked by zombies. <br /> <br /> There is absolutely nothing about this movie. It's not entertaining. Instead, it is painful to watch because of how terrible it is. The acting is incredibly bad. In a DVD interview, one of the actors claimed that Uwe Boll, the director, is not afraid to tell anyone when they do a good job or a bad job in a scene. It's a blatant lie. The manuscript apparently was written by an 11-year-old, who decided to pick up a scene of someone on a girl's chest and include the hilarious line, "it looks like someone is moving away here." The characters have no personality or depth and they do some of the most moronic things ever seen in a horror movie. Somewhere along the way, the characters also change magically into a SWAT team to pick up the zombies. It's as if they don't even have to shoot their guns and they automatically shoot the zombies in the head. <br /> <br /> The frightening thing about this movie by far is directing. There's something wrong with Uwe Boll. Boll's camera work is surprisingly uneven. His pans to zombies running through the forest are more stupid or threatening. Even worse, Boll actually thought it would be a good idea to include small pieces of footage from the House of the Dead video game in the movie. Very often, and in most random times, you will suddenly get an animated zombie shot. It does not make sense. No one in their right mind would think it was a good idea. It's like Boll wants to remind us repeatedly that this movie is supposed to be based on the video game. Your Boll also decided it would be cool to include 360 ​​degree rotating shots during the action scenes, a la The Matrix. Unfortunately, he does this too often and every shot is misleading. The soundtrack of this movie also turns the mind off. Most action scenes are accompanied by harsh rapids. It also adds to the subsequent headaches caused by the atrocious House of Death. <br /> <br /> "House of the Dead" is not bad, because it is based on a video game. In fact, it has very little to do with the video game. It doesn't fit in the category of 'so bad that it's good'. However, it fits in the 'so bad that it's painful' category. This movie is just sucking. Your Boll should never be left anywhere near another movie set. Even his presence will curse a production. To all the directors out there: when one of your movies gets a bad review, just remember you didn't make 'House of the Dead' and you'll feel much better. I'll never get those 90 minutes of my life back. To sum it up, words really can't describe just how bad this movie is. Everyone involved in the production of this film, especially Your Boll, must be ashamed of themselves. Although what I have said, "House of the Dead" can heal, it's really not. Nothing about it is funny. Avoid it at all costs.
