When George C. Scott played the title role in "Patton", you saw him blowing his fist's pipes, shooting a revolver on the German dive boomers, and playing ridicule on superiors and subordinates. The most action we get from Gregory Peck as 'MacArthur', a figure from the same war of questionable greater achievement, is when he scratches card boards with his finger and raises his familiar eyebrow. <br /> <br /> Compare Peck's performance with Scott's can be unfair. Yet, the fact "MacArthur" was made by the same manufacturer and played by the same composer, and parallels, as well as the fact that both films open with the generals addressing cadets at West Point. It is clear to me that the filmmakers wanted to imitate the Oscar-winning film a few years earlier. But while Peck looks more like Scott ever did, he mostly comes across a story that feels less than drama than a Wikipedia breakthrough of MacArthur's later career. <br /> <br /> "To this day, there are those who think he was a dangerous demagogue and others who say he was one of the greatest men who ever lived," we told an opening title. It is a typical dishwater bit after Vietnam sophistry about those who led America's army, much of its time, but what we get here is not a view either. MacArthur, as presented here, does not make as much anger or inspiration as he did in life. <br /> <br /> Director Joseph Sargent, who fueled the famous turkey "Jaws The Revenge", does a paint-by-numbers work with flash combat settings and some obvious uses (such as when Chinese American troops Korea attack, while the screenplay by Hal Barwood and Matthew Robbins makes a MacArthur proud that comes so kindly to the point of gentleness. Also caught up in his public image, but never less decent. <br /> <br /> Here's how he leaves the landing art and makes his return to the Philippines. There you see him at the Congress in his "Old Soldiers Never Die". For a long time, he has sat in a Toyko theater waiting for the North Korean to cross the 38th parallel so that we can survive the story, while the newspaper photographs rise Japan's rise from the ashes under its enlightened rule. Peck's co-actors, Marj Dusay as his dedicated wife ("you are my best soldier") and Nicolas Coaster as a loyal aide, burn teary eyes toward their companion's wonderful, but earn no interest on their own . <Br /> <br /> Even when arguing with others, Peck never withdraws his voice and generally wins his arguments with thunderous eloquence. If Admiral Nimitz wants to delay the delays of recycling the Philippines, a point of personal pride and tactical concern for MacArthur, MacArthur is back with the comment: "Just as I listened to his plan, I thought I had our flag "No doubt the real Nimitz would have said something about it, but the character in the movie just bowed his head and accepted the insult in the presence of President Roosevelt. The only person in the movie that MacArthur seriously disagrees with Harry S Truman, who Ed-Flanders does a good job, despite a prosthetic nose that makes him look like Toucan Sam. Truman's MacArthur shootout must be a dramatic highlight, but here it takes place in a quiet meal talk in which Peck MacArthur plays as nothing less than a genius martyr. <br /> <br /> I've never been sold. Peck's are at the top pantheon of screen stars; He has a great presence, but even has complexity in many of his best-known roles. But it is unfair to put him so much here, as he has little help in defining MacArthur as something other than a talking drill. Except for two scenes, one where he responds to the surrender of the Philippines ("He struck Old Glory and pulled up a bedding!") And another where he has a mini-crash while waiting for the US invasion Inchon, unlike Communists who undermine He at the White House, really plays Peck Peck here, not the complex character that inspired the well-known sobriquet "American Caesar". The true MacArthur would probably have been such a comparison. What you get here is less worthy of Shakespeare than the Clown shake.
