Okay, so I'm not a big video game buff, but was the game House of the Dead really famous enough to make a movie? Certainly, they have gone so far as to bring in fast video game heads throughout the film, as if they justify a particular scene of violence, but there are dozens and dozens of games that look exactly the same, hand in the bottom of the screen, probably your own, love any weapon and go on all sorts of strangers, or die or snipers or whatever. <br /> <br /> It's an interesting show in House of the Dead, with lots of college kids (LOADED college kids, as it were, kids who are able to pay some fishermen just like $ 1,500 For a ride after they miss their boat, try to go out to this island for what is supposed to be the rave of the year. The first thing that came to the House of Death after it was watched is that it has become increasingly clear that modern horror movies have become nothing more than an exercise to achieve creative ways to get very thinly-dressed teens into exactly that. same situations. At least in this case, the fact that they were going to a rawe, the way the girls were dressed, were excuses. They look bad from the place to walk around in the cute chicken herds, but at least they thought they were dressed for the occasion. <br /> <br /> Clint Howard, probably the most interesting character in the movie. , delivers an absolutely horrible performance, the greatness of which overshadows every other actor in the film. I can't handle it if well-known actors change their accent into movies, it's seldom effective, and Howard points out that it is equally flat to let a well-known actor pretend to salt this harsh fisherman with a gritty voice of years of breathing air. He didn't even grate. It sounded like he ate a cinnamon roll before the shooting and accidentally inhaled powdered milk or something. Actually hard there, Clint! I expected more from him, but then he again participated in this mess. <br /> <br /> Once we get to the island, the movie temporarily changes into one of the Friday's 13th movies that took place at Camp Crystal Lake. Many teens played by actors who were too old to get their parts naked and then kill. The nudity was impressive, I think, but let's consider something for a moment. These kids pay nearly two large to go out to this island to go to the Rave Of the Year, find NO ONE, and say, who wants a beer! Even the man who pulled that stack of hundreds out of his purse to get them there didn't think they found a full bar and not a single person in sight. Here's the input from director Uwe Boll - There is alcohol! They will not notice that the party they came up with was made up of none but themselves. <br /> <br /> Not only do they start drinking, but remember the fact that the whole party has evacuated the island, but when one of the girls goes into the dark forest to find out where everyone is (one one or other girls and one of the guys go together), the guy and the girl who stays behind, decide that it would be a good idea to pick up for a quickie now that they are alone. It's as if they were expecting the island to be empty, and now that they were the rest of the people they came across for a while, they would have a little privacy, as no one else is. Brilliant! <br /> <br /> Now for the things everyone hated, judge by the reviews I've read about the movie. Yes, inserting shots of the video game into the movie, mostly to show it, yes, the movie was faithful to / directly copying the video game. Sure, it was a stupid idea. I can't imagine who thought the little nugget, but worse than it is the Matrix style bullet time scenes that are thrown over and over and over. For the first time (at that stage I found it pretentious and cheesy for a movie like this to create such a shot as if it were something original), it is noticeably more for the technique of the shot itself, rather than any dramatic meaning or creation of any kind of tension for the film. <br /> <br /> One of the things that a zombie film makes and gets you on the edge of your seat is to get them slowly but relentlessly to the living people, who is much faster, but gets tired. run from places to run, and with a terrifying shortage of things the zombies have to fight. The first two are done right in the movie, the kids are scared and do not have many places to run, as they are on an island, but as they have a ride with a smuggling, they find themselves heavily armed . And I mean it very strongly. I mean, these people have everything from machine guns to hand grenades, which remove the most stress from the approaching undead. <br /> <br /> Then you have what I call the techno-slasher scene. Since the rawe has never happened and I think since Uwe Boll thought people would be disappointed because they didn't hear any techno music in the movie. There is one scene in the middle where all the people of the dead kill and incredibly change it into something of a music video. There is techno music blasting, as the shots are fused faster and faster until it is nothing but a faded shot, mostly only about 5 frames long (that's about 1/6 of a second) flashing in time on the screen with the speed technology music. Clever, I think, but it has no place in a horror movie, because it removes a sense of scarcity or tension from even the great effect because you can't see one thing long enough to respond to it. You just look at these shots flying over the screen and wonder what the hell the director thinks when he decided it would be a good idea to put something in the movie. <br /> <br /> I have Many people compared this movie to Resident Evil, who mostly claim to copy it and that's exactly right. At least, I appreciate it here, as it was not in Resident Evil, it was not a man-made virus that killed people, other people could infect, they changed as vampires changed others into vampires. 28 days later was also an inspiration for this movie, it's just a pity that the House of Death did not do a single original thing, except for the somewhat moronic idea of ​​quick photos of the video game on which it was based, you forget. I really think it was a much better movie. Of course, while I can't say that I know much about the game on which it is based, the title and the movie poster deserve a much better movie, but unfortunately I think this is often the case not with horror movies. It is really so sad when a movie comes as clearly advertised as an undamaged horror movie, and the frightening thing in the whole movie is the final shot suggesting the possibility of a successor.
