Lynn Hollister, a small town attorney, travels to the nearby big city about issues related to the death of his friend Johnny. (Yes, Lynn is a man despite the female-sounding Christian name. Were the writers a sharp reference to the fact that John Wayne's birth name was Marion?) Hollister believes Johnny's death was an accident, but realized soon that Johnny was murdered. Further investigations reveal a web of corruption, crime and electoral rig related to Boss Cameron, the leading light in the city's political machine. <br /> <br /> It sounds like the plot of a fierce crime thriller, possibly in the film noir style that became popular in 1941. It's not. A man betrayed, despite his theme, is more like a light romantic comedy than a crime drama. Hollister falls in love with Cameron's attractive daughter Sabra, and the film then concentrates on their romance as well as on the suspense elements. <br /> <br /> This movie may just have worked as a straightforward drama. One reviewer states that John Wayne is not at all a credible attorney, but he could not play a cowboy in every movie and a tough intersecting lawyer who used organized crime would probably be well within his compass. Where I agree with that reviewer is when he says Wayne wasn't a Cary Grant mimic. Romantic comedy just wasn't on his street. One of the weaknesses of the studio system is that actors must be obliged to play any part of their bosses that they require from them, whether on the street or not. And as Wayne was one of the few big stars working for Reproduction photos, they would undoubtedly want to get as many miles from him as they could. <br /> <br /> It says even Cary Grant himself couldn't have made a man-betrayed job as a comedy. This is not a reflection of his comic talents; this is a reflection on the total lack of amusing material in this movie. I doubt anyone, no matter how good their sense of humor developed, could find something to laugh at. The film's light tone doesn't make it a successful comedy; it only prevents it being taken seriously as anything. It is one of those films that are not fish or meat or chicken or good red herring. 10/03
