First, I didn't know anything about 'Mazes and Monster' before I looked at it. I didn't know about the role-playing controversy behind it or the fact that it was a Made-For-TV movie. When I looked at the front page (the updated DVD one), I seriously thought it would be another fantasy adventure like 'Legend', with Tom Hank as the ninth hero of the 1980s who came into the earth for a princess save from an evil maze filled with monsters. Sounds exciting, right? This is what the cover page suggests at first glance. I was given this movie as a gift, of course under the same premise because my aunt knows I'm in action movies with a medieval myth theme. And it has Tom Hanks, one of my favorite actors. So I plucked this movie in and expected a good movie with Tom Hanks in an 80s special effects world that would be good for a laugh. <br /> <br /> No! None of this happens. Now, before I continue, I'll confess, I'm a nerd, but I have no interest in role playing. That's what this movie is about, so my interest in the content is at its best lukewarm. And M&M (copyright infringement?) Is not even a good role-playing movie featuring lovely geeks who use their imagination to enter a world of awesomeness. No! It is a role-playing film that must be made by some religious people (the same people who also think Barney is the work of Satan.) I understand, Satan is a smart man, but I don't think he is desperate. enough for the soul to attack RPG lovers to worship him. This movie is THEE anti-gamer film. This is what I get from this movie: it hates RPGs and it doesn't just make fun of the people playing in role-playing, but it makes poor Tom Hanks a spiritual patient. <br /> <br /> Tom had an excuse to talk to a volleyball in 'Castaway', poor man was alone, but Tom somehow made his madness fun and you literally saw the Volleyball as' a lovely character by Tom's good acting. I wish I watched the movie instead. In this movie, Tom is attacked by a faithful dragon (it looks like a weak-hearted mascot to an RPG team) and has a cleft personality that is at its best. Tom's play just exceeded to make you bad for his character and nothing else. I find that the poor man has lost his brother and is not right in the head, because the film wins points for deliberately tragic. I'm not one for movies that exploit mental illness and the end to 'M & M' made me feel like cr * p. Luckily I looked at 'Hudson Hawk' and had a good laugh before my soul was broken. Yah, 'HH' surpasses 'M & M'. . . lot! It's not one of Tom's better movies. In fact, it's your most depressing movie I've ever seen him. (Even 'Private Ryan Save' isn't depressed). I walked in hopes of seeing a good movie and I finally got the exact opposite feeling. If you want to watch a sad (both emotional and visual) movie, look in all respects. If this movie needs to convey a message, it is the following: "Don't play RPG if you're Cuckoo for Coco-Puffs."
