The psychology of this movie is really strange to find out. It's often billed as an anti-RPG movie, but it's really not that simple. Here are apparent contradictions that make me wonder what (anything) they are trying to say about games. <br /> <br /> For the time being, they introduce all the characters to home life, all with parents. who are divorced, alcoholic and totally out of touch with their lives, except for the times they are hard pressed to succeed. Tom Hanks is probably the worst, just failed from another school and still has a brother who has disappeared and may have died. <br /> <br /> It has mentioned several times that they are playing the game to work through real-life problems. And sure enough, in the end, when they see Robbie (Hanks), they are all happy and well-adjusted, starting with their adult careers, solving problems, hiding games (Daniel doesn't even want to design computer even more), and even Robbie's mother, who is always drunk and unhappy, is suddenly the Happy Homemaker who looks fresh and bright and arranges flowers. <br /> <br /> Certainly, JJ suddenly decides to commit suicide, but the reason is completely because he is a lonely seungenie who can't get a date and not because his character doesn't die, as in the well-known Jack Chick Channel (which happens later and it almost seems like he's doing it deliberately, so that he can end Daniels's game and let everyone play. In fact, the prospect of live action role-playing games In the cavities, it's the only thing save, to kill himself!) And in what can be the coolest tableau scene in the whole movie, Kate looks very quickly at the chain mail and looks right at the camera and says something like, "The scariest monsters are the one in us own thoughts. " <br /> <br /> The greatest fantasy element in this movie is the two muggers who overtake the rich couple, so they can rob the dirty, homeless boyfriend of his magic beans. The recurring theme ('The Way We Were' for the '80s) could in the end be very gripping, but as a way to kick off a movie, it is totally depressed. And for one last secret, our hero, with full Pardu regalia, has a psychotic break, his character becomes completely and begins with his quest. Of course, the first thing he does is turn into 20-year-old street clothes. <br /> <br /> Maybe the movie's irrational, but I think it's about an irrational subject. In those days, a circle of kids with dice and pencils was considered infected and possibly possessed, and you could be insane if they talked to you about their mumbo jumbo. The anti-play paranoia is summarized in the first scene, where the reporter asks the police word, police say a child lost in the tunnels and there is a chance. Mazes and Monsters are somehow involved. The reporter admits that he is vaguely familiar with the game (although he allows his own children to play it), then turns to the camera and rolls a polished spell that blames the game for anything and admits no possibility of a other explanation. In the end, it is not a masterpiece, but interesting as TV films.
