A few weeks ago, the German broadcaster "SAT1" advertised this movie as the "TV event of the year". Unfortunately, I saw better things on TV this year. <br /> <br /> I didn't think much of the movie, but I quickly reminded you about two other horrible movies when I watched the commercial - Titanic and Pearl Harbor, because the photo looks so familiar: Die "heroine "(if I can really call her) in the middle and her two" loved ones "next to her - Pearl Harbor, anyone? In fact, the love story is a poor man's version of one in Pearl Harbor and one was poor! <br /> <br /> But if I want to see movies and analyze their patterns, I finally decided to see that garbage. The film begins with a doctor who leaves his family for the military attack on Russia near the end of the Third Reich which his wife promised to return. Fast forward to spring 1948: Germany lost the war and allies and Russia captured the country and tried to eliminate one another for world power and their ideologies: capitalism towards communism. Well, I think you know the story already, because you need to know it. The movie doesn't really save it and literally take a dump on historical facts. The film tries to portray the US government as angels and ignores the contribution of other countries during the airlift, especially Great Britain, which accounted for nearly a quarter of the rations, despite their country bombarding a country they are trying to do. help. <br /> <br /> Whatever was beautiful, the historical remarks made by the people in the movie were when the heroine's mother told her daughter Germany could be separated in two with an answer such as: "This is impossible ! " Or when Stalin (where the director thought we were like a mustache on the actor and he would look like him), says that Russia should stop Coca Cola from spreading in Germany. Yeah right, if Stalin ever said something like that. Or there is this one American pilot who tells his fellow a bread with meat and everything possible in it - please! Citizens were invented before that time. <br /> <br /> In the movie you see once a map showing the airlines. It looks nice that the card seems to come straight out of a laser printer in '48. American general Lucius Clay, whose main idea was to stay in Berlin, is portrayed as a man who is mean and grumpy and has all the ideas he has historically liked, such as the airlift and the improvement of the idea. came from the fictional character Phillip Turner, the love Interest of the main actress leading me to other aspects: Not enough African American soldiers in the movie were like two in the whole movie! Relations between American soldiers and German citizens were also not allowed, and by revealing such a relationship, the American soldier could be sent home. I don't want to say that there were no relationships at all, but in this movie there were some who were almost married. If it wasn't the pilot's death in his fake CGI plane, which seems to be extremely unrealistic, especially the CGI fire! <br /> <br /> If that wasn't enough, all Americans spoke in this movie of accent-free German, although only a few months ago in Germany - see, I'm also Americans living in Germany for me completely living. life and even I have a little accent. Especially bad was the child who acted - the children had two expressions on their faces: "Normal-I-look-monotonous-like-a-robot" and grin. <br /> <br /> All the movie was boring from start to finish too slowly, especially the love story that was the same as the one in Pearl Harbor, with only half the dialogue. The unfortunate part is that the movie was very successful - 8.97 million watched the first part and 7.8 million millions the second part the day after. SAT1 therefore wins two consecutive wins in the overall market share and a major victory in the commercial relevant group. But as I always think: The biggest hope of stem is where most flies go.
