First of all I must mention that I enjoy the first movie "Samehada Otoko to Momojiri Onna" ("Shark Skin Man and Peach Hip Girl"). Although it was a debt to Tarentino's "Pulp Fiction", Ishii's scroll was the job of carrying the story, and the whole film crashed with energy. The scenes between ASANO Tadanobu and GASHUIN Tatsuya were particularly interesting. There was action, plot, bizarre characterization, enough sex to keep things interesting, and a totally unpredictable story line. <br /> <br /> So it was with a certain degree of anticipation and optimism that I started to look. "Party 7". And my enthusiasm was certainly dedicated to the opening credits, which my wife left and I was actually amazed at how dynamic and exciting they were; the mix of anime and live action work was brilliant! Then the real movie started. Actually, it didn't start as much as a kind of shuffle in the side door and stood there, stuck through its pockets and looked uncomfortable. <br /> <br /> The entire movie is in three rooms. One is a futuristic voyeur paradise (borrowed from Shark Skin Man ...), the other is a travel agent's office, and the third (and by far the most used) is an ugly hotel room. In the room, a throw of seven characters meets and ... does nothing. Really. I'm not a stranger to talk. One of my all-time favorites is "My Dinner with Andre", the most popular of all feature films. "My dinner with André" is much more exciting, and it only has two middle-aged men discussing their lives over dinner. The key is that Andre Gregory and Wallace Shawn tell interesting stories. The movie of "Party 7" literally falls for each other for the entire film. "No, you don't!" "Yes I do!" "No, you really don't!" "Yes, I really do!" "No, you really, really!" Yes, I'm really ... "you get the idea, I hope. I wish the director. <br /> <br />" Party 7 is an incredibly insoluble movie. There is only the flashiest of plots (money stolen from the Yakuza, just like in "Shark Skin Man ..."), accompanied by almost no action. There is no interesting dialogue. The characters are largely uninteresting. It was as if Ishii had removed the conversation moments from Tarentino's films and built a whole film around them. But Tarentino's conversations always have their own internal logic and white ("They call it a" Royale, with cheese "). Not so with the dialogue here, which is duller than you can imagine. Gashuin's hilarious cameo (which is always wonderful) and a low key performance of the wonderful ASANO Tadanobu, I would have given Party 7 a single star, it was really worth making it throughout.
