Since I saw the other three, I thought I could also catch it for the fourth part of The Omen series. As a stand-alone movie, this film is mediocre; but as a successor to the 1976 masterpiece; It's a travesty. The film goes on the same route that many series go down when they run out of ideas. It's the idea to change the male lead to a woman. It is always obvious that this film is made for television, as the play is very standard. The plot lacks ideas and the abominable murder tones seen in the previous three are limited to a bloodless minimum. The film does not hold a thread with the original, which I will not disclose as if it were obvious; that revelation is one of the most interesting aspects of the movie. The basics of the plot magnify Richard Donner's original original, and see a young couple adopt a child they call Delia (fortunately Damiella or Damiana). There is a large dog involved, and a child less; and very soon the woman starts to suspect that the child may not be completely normal; since she is eight years old and never suffering from illness. <br /> <br /> The first two consecutive to The Omen were not bad at all and the series had actually ended at number three. I think there was money somewhere in the row, because there is really no artistic reason why this film should be made. It doesn't bring anything to the table in terms of originality, and the only thing that will probably succeed in doing so is annoying fans of the series. The movie looks and feels like a TV movie and mostly plays like a movie about the turbulent upbringing of a young girl. Indeed, Asia Vieira looks like a little bitch; but she never convinces that she is the Antichrist, since her stars are superfluous and most of the "evil" she does is ridiculous. Faye Grant is given the most beautiful role and impress; while the rest of the fame goes to stars in such a terrible waste of time. The only good thing about this movie is the theme song, which was obviously ripped off the original; and is overused. In general, this movie is not really worth watching; since it produces nothing of which the series is famous, and does not even justify the weaker second successor.
