and it did. It is through my experience that when a horror movie reaches franchise status and subsequent titles are released, they are all hit by one inevitable factor: irrelevance. Omen IV: The Awakening makes no exception to this rule, with another small child allegedly embracing their role as the Antichrist, predicted by a religious prophecy. Haven't we seen it yet? Wasn't it enough that we experienced the rise and fall of three films before this release? If you are a horror enthusiast like myself, you will realize that it is common for a horror movie that has many successors and prequels to its credit to fade into redundancy - Children of the Corn, Hellraiser, Phantasm; the list goes on. At this point in the game, I'm sure you know what to expect when you're ready to see the fourth title in a series. Regardless, there are times when you are back and realize how shameless some movie makers are. Omen IV: The Awakening is just that too - a shameless money exercise. <br /> <br /> This movie does not offer anything new or intrigue to the Omen series. As unique and sincere as Omen IV tries to compare with its brothers and sisters, the similarities and plot devices are similar. Elements like the guard dog, the involvement of a priest, the skepticism of the people involved, the decapitation death team (clearly a tribute to the original film when the journalist is beheaded by the glass plate) ... even to the right of the father's involvement in politics and prestige within the community makes it too predictable. <br /> <br /> Although it is common to die a B-judge in a horror title in a series, the play of the cards is full of ridicule and inadvertent humor due to some of the poorly rendered lines throughout this film. The atmosphere completely disappeared compared to the first three titles. In addition, the epic score Goldsmith compiled in the previous movies was replaced by an auditory debacle; an absolute joke, and made me wonder if it was actually meant to be used for this movie or just being pulled off a "bank" of stock sound ... which really says something because I rarely comment on the common abuse of a musical score - until now. <br /> <br /> All in all, I want to call Omen IV: The Awakening a failure. In the world of horror movies that carry a long list of titles behind them, some of the points succeed and some fail. If you are interested in creating a different notch on your weathered watch belt as I am for completion purposes, maybe you can also incorporate this title into it - if not for entertainment value, then appreciate when a movie is properly executed or poor.
