Omen IV: The Awakening begins at the 'St. Frances Orphanage 'where husband and wife Karen (Faye Grant) and Gene York (Michael Woods) are given a baby girl by Sister Yvonne (Megan Leitch), whom they adopted, they call her Delia. On the first things going well, but as the years passed and Delia (Asia Vieria) grew up, Karen became suspicious of her as death and the disaster followed her, Karen was convinced she was angry. Karen then finds herself pregnant, but discovers a sinister plot to use her as a surrogate mother for the next Antichrist and gets a shock when she finds out who Delia's true father was. <br /> <br /> Originally directed by Dominique Othenin-Girard, who either quit or retired and was replaced by Jorge Montesi who completed the movie. Though he bothered, anyone's guess as Omen IV: Awakening is absolutely terrible and a shame compared to the well-known predecessors. Brian Taggert's script is hilariously bathed, I don't know if this nonsense actually looked good as the written word on a piece of paper, but there are so many things wrong with it that I even find it hard to believe. As a serious movie Omen IV: The AWakening falls flat on his face and it works really better if you see it as a comedy ghost. I mean the scene to the end when the detective face-to-face with a bunch of zombie carol singers singing an ominous Gothic song should be seen to be believed and I thought it was absolutely hilarious and ridiculous equally. Then there is the sensible difference between these and the other Omen films, as this is a young girl, the question I ask here is why? Seriously, why? There is no reason at all and is not used to any effect at all. Then there is, of course, the stupid turn at the end which claims Delia kept her brother's embryo inside herself and that in a sinister conspiracy with a group of Satan worshipers it was implanted in Karen so that she could give birth to the Antichrist is moronic & comes across as just plain daft. Initially, it has a certain entertainment value in how bad it is, but the unintentional hilarity allows for boredom rather than later. Of course it is impossible to know how much of Omen IV: The Awakening is directed by Girard and Montesi, but you can tell everything, but it's not good behind the camera, because it's a loose, cheap, poor movie that actually made for TV. It shows with bare, flat and unbeatable cinematography and production design. Then there is the total lack of scares, atmosphere, tension and gore that are the most important elements that made the previous Omen films so effective. <br /> <br /> The budget had to be pretty low and the movie looked like it was. The best, most attractive thing about Omen IV: The Awakening is the last shot in which the camera rises up in the air when Delia leaves in the distance to make a cruciform cross made by two overlapping roads, but this is the last shot before The end credits role just telling about everything. I have to call the music that looks terrible, more suitable for a comedy and is very inappropriate. The acting is good at its best, but as usual the child is irritated. <br /> <br /> Omen IV: The Awakening is rubbish, it's a completely ridiculous movie trying to be serious and ending just as stupid. The change of director probably didn't help either, but that's not an excuse yet. The last Omen movie to date follows the original The Omen (1976), Damien: Omen II (1978) & The Final Conflict (1981). It's all better than that.
