I recently decided to view the The Omen Trilogy just to discover that demonic music is here. There is a fourth. I didn't expect much from it, and in that respect it certainly met my expectations. If you look at bad movies for a laugh, then it may just be the movie for you. Oh, where do we start? <br /> <br /> From the start, the appearance of the "made for TV" of the movie was clear. The music was often inconsistent with what happened in the movie and therefore (at best) distracting. The writing had all the tension of an 8-year-old work of fiction. But one thing that has to be said is that the missing script closely matches the terrible play. Several scenes left me to consider whether it was the writing or acting that was the source of ridicule. <br /> <br /> The story itself is rather thin, focusing on all the crazy antiques of Damien Thorn's daughter, adopted by bad and badly handicapped nuns. There is the usual fate of mysterious and winding deaths that made me personally unfold as the "drama" unfolds, and the ordinary third-party investigator throughout the affair. Later, Damien Thorn Jnr was born through medical phenomena. And it makes the plot pretty much. The whole thing is badly done right from the start with the lack of tension that makes the film one monotonous and / or ridiculous scene after another. <br /> <br /> There were many WTF?!? moments that provide the unintentional comedy relief. For example, what about the big over-reaction at the start of the movie when the baby scratches the mother's cheek? Barely a 360-degree rotatable sign. I also laughed at the overreaction at baptism. The baby is crying, and everyone looks very worried. The distressed mother walks out of the church and the priest remains very anxious as he crosses himself. Huh? Then there's the new-age nanny that looks like carte blanche to expose an 8-year-old to all sorts of alternative spiritualism. I laughed when the nanny suggested that the upset Delia went to a psychic purse to meet the nanny's hippie friends and the mother just shrugged her and left it. "Yes, it's rough, fill my upset daughter's head with all these mystical things. It's cool. I don't have to be there." Of course, it will be expected of a mother who allows her daughter to meet a mature Rottweiler who meets them on the street who can bite the little girls as a snack. The whole scene at the psychological show is pretty comical in a slapstick kinda way, from the horrible reactionary stars of psychology to Delia, to the subsequent inferno. <br /> <br /> I also laughed at how the nun's death is considered. an "accident accident". Here we have a religious zeal (described as part of a cult), which fanatically preaches in a pit of rattlesnakes to prove how God's glory will protect them. She antagonized the snakes by handling them and SOMEHOW she was bitten a few times. Almost a freak accident. More like a successful suicide attempt. <br /> <br /> The snake-against-nun scene was not the only comic death. There is the slow speed car accident that leads to decapitation in a school parking lot. Then there is the slow-motion demolition ball straight for the detective. I believe I could have gone and made a coffee when the slow motion just came back to see that the demolition ball was still going straight to the "involved" detective. Then there are the quintessentials who shoot-who-cliché death, where a gun goes down and both act as if they were shot for a few seconds while exchanging terrible tins. Then someone goes down the stairs to reveal who was the right victim. In addition, the death of the priest at the beginning of the film was a little strange and useless to me. He walks around looking at the architecture of the church. Obviously he finds it very disturbing, and he eventually collapses, clamps his chest and dies. Apparently, something demonic happens because it is what the music suggested. Ummm. OK. <br /> <br /> I'm surprised that others reviewed this movie favorably and especially as a "worthy successor". It's not hard to notice the non-sensual manuscript, the unrealistic acting and the inappropriate musical score. The movie had no tension, and relied heavily on Delia's "demonic stare" to create a sense of horror, which became rather annoying after a short time. <br /> <br /> Bottom line: This is a bad movie with the only redeeming feature, as it is unintentional potential to be a comedy.
