Only the Antichrist could have been behind such a disaster. One just hopes that this irony was the driving force behind the "movie"! This movie was so bad, it forced me to register with IMDb, eventually, just so I could make it dirty. What makes this movie all the more tragic is that it has such great source material! I have never seen a movie where all the elements were so mediocre to give the result less than the sum of its parts. <br /> <br /> It may seem unimportant, but I'd like to start counting. As the proud owner of a music degree, I have to register my outrage! I was torn between laughter and the dry hills while listening to what John Scheffer did with Goldsmith's brilliant score; it was much more horrible than any of the burlesque deaths, and almost as accidental comedies. That was by far the most inappropriate score I've heard since, though, I really can't think of a worse one. Maybe JAWS 4? <br /> <br /> As for the plot ... I'm sorry. New era mystique ??? What ever happened to the eager realism of the original trilogy? In those movies (more in the first two than the third, but still !!) the supernatural is mostly implied, and it was this subtlety that made the movies so honestly credible. Here we have crystals black (all called Skeksis and Mystics!) And inverted cross images in general, although in some scenes the cross birds would be perfectly normal, but for the camera angle. Gone is the refined psychological manipulation that diminishes the malaise inherent in our collective psyche. In its place is a drillish "slap in the face" of recycled cliché and transparent incompetence. Add to that a leading "actress" as incredible as you thank the director for the scenes she's absent. I have never seen a little girl so annoying, as little Stephanie ruined EVERYTHING in the FAMILY. <br /> <br /> Unlike this, I have no strong feelings on the subject ;-) Fortunately, the first three films are sufficient to make this wrecked celluloid train wreck unobtrusive or, at most, a study of how NOT a movie is made. Viewer beware! May cause vomiting if you are happy.
