After just 15 minutes in this movie, I started missing out on Zhang Yimou's earlier, more weighty films that saw the unique politics of China's politics and society. His turn to martial arts movies was a serious mistake in my humble opinion. Hero was his worst movie since Operation Cougar, with an unnecessary complex story and acting more wood than found in a John Agar movie. Shi Mian Mai Fu is no different. As an American who has had Chinese films for a few years (and understands Mandarins), I'm sure my opinion is different from many others, as I come from a different background. SMMF, like Hero, isn't really a traditional kung fu movie, and it's definitely not a Wuxia movie. There are no sword and witchcraft or knight elements here. It is a completely different vehicle than infinitely more viewable films such as a Chinese Ghost Story (al 3), The Butterfly Murders, Green Snake, et al. While those who all depict charismatic leaders, who seem to actually enjoy what they do, SMMF has slender, and sometimes ridiculous, dialogue with cardboard workers. Zhang Ziyi plays a blind person as well as Ben Affleck. There is an air of superiority with this film that is actually very offensive. It takes itself so seriously, it just becomes a big joke at the end. All the actors seem to be the most important piece of celluloid in history, they destroy any chance of actually conveying emotions and their complete humorlessness really makes you wonder if Zhang Yimou himself makes a movie or just a showcase (ie a "ego booster" for Zhang Ziyi. The camera literally ends with her face and she is not sexually assaulted twice in the movie twice. Her acting series did not really extend beyond her ability to play a naive "w" itch. She is so concentrated on her acting, she comes so cold and lifeless, as if she is reading her lines of a note card. It's so funny to hear American critics and filmmakers (like the completely clueless Quentin Tarantino) call this film a masterpiece. I think if they see a lot of Asian actors on the screen, which looks really important as they fly through a bamboo forest, they are confronted with thinking this is brilliant movie-making. Ching Siu Tung's choreography, while still retaining his trademark style, editing and attitudes, lacks the vitality and originality of his previous films such as a Chinese Spirit Story, Dragon Inn and Duel to the Death. Unfortunately to say, the wiring in this movie is really subtle, and if there is a subpar / obvious wiring, you probably shouldn't have filmed it at high speed. The same goes for the special effects that a clear B movie has felt. Beans, wolves, bakkies, arrows, swords and other random objects fly through the air (after being thrown), without having to keep logic, turn, climb and bench as if there was a small pilot inside. I know that logic doesn't really hold a place in stylized Chinese martial arts movies, but if you don't want to awaken a huge amount of giggling from your audience, you probably need a little more work on your composition. Mass melodrama, unintentionally funny dramatic moments, boring battle scenes, really uninspired plot twists, are what you expect with Shi Mian Mai Fu. It is clear that Zhang Yimou no longer makes films for Chinese audiences. It's meant to crack in the Western market just like CTHD did. After I watched Held and SMMF, I came to the conclusion that if Zhang Yimou wants to make Hollywood movies, he's definitely not right. SMMF is basically The Phantom Menace of Chinese martial arts movies. And I thought Hero was bad.
