OK, so I hired this clown-like-Chainsaw-Massacre-esquire movie, not expecting much, but I kept the new approach to a series of killer movies. (From the back of the box is the following summary) "At first it was just a joke - a myth around the campfire - for five friends staying at a remote cabin in the Texas bushes. once disappeared -one, replaced by scattered bloody body parts and voodoo effigies, the remaining few stirring for their lives. But he's out there. And he's sick. And all he wants is blood ... "Of course , from the beginning, does not make sense: why does this clown start in the woods? Why a clown? Why are their dolls drawn on the word "food"? Why Why? There is almost nothing answered in this 1 hour 30 minutes. drill feast except where this clown lives. The characters are stupid guys, stupid girls, and a hell of a lot of bitch. One in particular is a girl who has taken them away from a restaurant, which they thought they should help because they were run by someone she knew. What justifies this as an excuse to bring a girl in your circle of friends or their cabin? Of course, she starts with jealousy seeds, because the men have sex with her by feeding their dumb thoughts all they want to hear. <br /> <br /> The music was an average affair (standard frantic keyboard music as in every horror movie without differences). The actors apparently were brought out of soap opera as they complained and looked at everything. The idea that the movie's chief takes this girl to the cabin as their first date makes a horrible date, but of course she gives him unrealistic on the first night to get to know him. There was hardly a budget of anything, it seems, but there was a clown outfit and lots of cheap $ 1 shopping bags lying in the woods. It was a terrible place to shoot this whole movie (done too many times). I also waited for the clown to jump into the house to kill the remaining 4 characters of the film (perhaps through the glass), but nothing exciting ever entered the film. I think you were just supposed to be a killer or something. <br /> <br /> I had to give the movie a 3. It was an interesting performance (Clown as the Texas Chainsaw Massacre character, in essence) and I will give them a star to act seriously, as the movie could be a B-movie video, but they chose for the more legal video style. But in the end I would probably have felt like renting the Killer Klowns from Mars video again before going back. Oh, but it covers art ... beautiful, wonderful drawing.
