Far from supplying the caffeine kick, you'd expect a movie that has its name with the most energy enhancement of hot drinks, pushing Coffy around and never really stand higher than just a angry revenge story. Indeed, if the movie was a cup of coffee, it would be slightly weak and watery, filled with some unwanted doughs and lacking in a restful aftertaste. Sporadies it gets the place, but otherwise it's not the hot action drama it hopes. <br /> <br /> Plot-wise, Coffy is a nurse who takes the law into his own hands and delivers hard justice. to the drug-pressing, lady-pimpin, mob-suckers who hooked her younger sister into a depraved, sick state. Socio-political commentary on the fate of urban black youths in America is prominent in Coffy and it makes for some dubious things like Coffy crusades against political corruption and white settling racism that profits and acts as a parasite of targeted African American minorities . Unfortunately, the timely messages are undermined by the film's poor quality and lack of focus. Coffy's ideas are important, it's just that they're not well-aimed. <br /> <br /> One of the highlights of Coffy is the presence of Blaxploitation icon Pam Grier. Grier goes into her role with gusto and makes an attractive action heroine like she is in the foam in her often spectacular acts of vigilant violence (how about a house full of hoods? Drive the car right through the front door!). It's just a shame that the story wavers on occasions, time wasting time as much sexual exploitation as possible. The low budget can't be helped, but also the fact that Coffy didn't groove for a Blaxploitation movie. As the issues are undermined by the lack of quality, entertainment and excitement are also led by the moments of boredom and deception. <br /> <br /> The overall result is work and wood. We get a hip hero, but not a hip movie. It is a pity if Coffy has his moments and should be regarded as a key role in the Blaxploitation craze; it never rises above an average lukewarm number.
