I couldn't believe this movie dates from 2007, but it has all the appearance of an under-average seventies horror flick. Do they have any knowledge of modern special effects or CGI?!? Didn't they know that the violence in a post-millennial horror and / or scifi movie should be at least some graphics? Or did I get the goal wrong, it was supposed to be a deep and meaningful story of man and animal, tied together in the big cycle of life, or a warning to man not to waste with nature, or something? It doesn't matter whether it turned out wrong and for me this movie failed on all accounts. <br /> <br /> First of all, the point of departure is very unlikely. If at any given time you are able to replace a total eye, no responsible medical scientist will start his first human effort with both eyes at the same time, it is completely unprofessional. And to do all this without the informed consent of the patient? And why on earth choose eyes that have a completely unusual color for people, and make the victim look like a freak? By the way, I noticed that all the real wolves in the movie puppies, like ordinary dark eyes, could not wait for such a monster? The story is lame, it's about this poor old Aaron who gets these strange eye transplants, which makes him feel like the donor wolf (or at least I make it) and then he is chased by some military men. . Especially this last bit is ridiculous. I mean, I can understand that the army is interested in the results of the experiment (imagine soldiers with eye vision!), But because the operation fails due to the apparent nervous breakdown of the patient, it's beyond me why they are going out kill him. Why not leave him alone and not find another useful recipient? (perhaps a voluntary soldier?). And why try to kill everyone involved in poor Aaron, isn't that steep? Whoever is hell anyway, these military forces, I do not hope the American army or government, they act like psychopaths, walk around in the hospital blowing automatic weapons, private flats as they are to a public enemy # 1 , and appearing during the ultimate Aaron, for an incomprehensible medical reason, feels like a wolf after the transplant of evil. eyes. Why would it be ??? He suddenly sees visions of walking wolves. What is this? Do we believe that the memories of the donor wolf are in his eyeballs?!? And that the receiver of these eyeballs also assumes the wolf's urge for red (live) meat and can jump from a 30-foot balcony and land unscathed like a cat (can a wolf do it?) ). <br /> <br /> The play (or lack thereof) also did not help the credibility of all these things: everyone stumbles through their lines like wooden puppets, especially this Indian girl, she may be beautiful, but she can only get an expression and a few uninteresting mumblings about the power of nature, and it strikes me why Aaron is completely over her (but hey, there probably should have been at least one love toy!). I had a lot of sympathy with the actor Cory Monteith, who looked like a nice guy with a nice face, but they didn't give him much to go with. He had to run over half of the movie barefoot, which could have been to watch, but when they'd better pick someone with a more impressive body, Monteith really had to turn on his shirt. His (few) murders and attacks are barely shown, we only hear a few whims and screams of fear and then there is another victim and Aaron with even more blood on his face and chest. Not much for a modern scientific horror! The only good play comes from Justine Bateman, and I really like to see her age in a beautiful and attractive thirty-something lady. She did what she could with her folly, and she even convinced me to be this doctor with good intentions, but they made her character a kind of wimp, which is completely affected by the leader of these military leaders. What a pity the script did not make her stand a little more! <br /> <br /> In the end, it's a stupid and pretty boring movie, barely frightening or exciting, with incredible action, a very long transition. National Geographic-like footage of wolves running around forests and slopes (which cares?!?), Some pretentious Indian ramblings about Man and Nature and an uneven musical score with poppy songs at the most inappropriate moments. I think the word "redundant" covers it all.
