Hybrid launch as water treatment planet security guard Aaron Scates (Cory Monteith) is involved in an accident that leaves him blind. Fortunately, it just happens that brilliant scientist dr. Andrea Hewitt (Justine Bateman), who works for Olaris, developed an operation to transplant organs from one species to another. Hewitt decides that Aaron will be perfect for her first human experiment. Hewitt and her team transplant the eyes of a Wolf in Aaron and he miraculously regains his face. Brilliant, right? Well, no, not really, as Aaron gets angry because he sees random images of Wolves and begins to develop a desire for blood. Aaron escaped the Olaris building and went on, but he was too valuable to just let go and a full-scale search was put in to catch him. <br /> <br /> Targeted by Yelena Lanskaya, this is another sci-fi channel offering that is simply awful in all possible ways, I think it probably started as a straight creature feature, but ended up being one of the most boring and dull Sci-Fi channel movies I saw. T even has some kind of monster or creature. Hybrid is terrible, the writing is terrible and I'm not even sure who it was to appeal. The initial set-up is good, as Aaron Wolf eyes get, but then hybrid becomes the sci-fi elements and becomes a kind of horrible drama, as it focuses entirely on Aaron's mental state, as he wonders for nothing with especially indigenous American woman to do. Yes, you don't think the Sci-Fi channel can make a movie about Wolves and put in a lot of rubbish on Native American mythology there as well? The character of the character is bizarre, Aaron is shown as the persecuted hero, but he is the only character to kill anyone in the film and is a fairly unlikely, ungrateful and annoying person while Dr. Hewitt is considered the evil scientist, but she gives Aaron a look back and does nothing but help him. I mean Aaron was given the gift of sight again, Hewitt's the villain? Also the regular Sci-Fi Channel staple of US military intervention is present. The problem is why they want Aaron so bad? He is not a soldier and while he has Wolves' eyes to help him see in the dark, he is completely unbeatable. The writing can't make sense if it is all in Aaron's mind, or it really is, the end is hilariously bad with a half naked (rememeber). Aaron runs through a forest with a pack of Wolves that is supposed to be terrible music that I think is emotional, but makes it even more funny. There are so many things wrong with Hybrid, it's slower than hell, there is virtually no action, there are no werewolves and the movie goes round in circles to get into Aaron's mind, but it's all so ridiculous, stupid And sowing, you won't mind a bit, and there's never an explanation why I just transplanted Wolves' eyes, Aaron began to develop other Wolf senses. <br /> <br /> As a diabetic I have problems with my eyes, hell I had big operation on my right eye and I can assure you that after an operation your eye will be blown up, you won't be able to open and it will be hurt when hell, despite eye plantings as soon as Aaron wakes up in bed, his eyes are perfect with no swelling or even redness. There are no special effects, no blood or gore or violence and nothing to excite you. In fact, now I think about it, there is nothing even remote deception or scientific feelings about it, it feels like a deadly film of the week. <br /> <br /> The film is filmed in Manitoba, Canada, but the movie looks good but is sparse & forgetful. The play is poor of all those involved. No one I saw before and hopefully never again. <br /> <br /> Hybrid is a terrific film that is of course marketed as some Werewolve Creature Feature, but far from most people will really struggle to get the horrible end that you will probably have in stitches.
