The plot sounds vaguely interesting ... a scientist (Bateman) discovers how to transplant animal eyes and optical nerves to other animals, such as humans. A young man (Monteith) is blind to saving a colleague at work - the scientist gets a call from a doctor that the young man is a good candidate to be the first human recipient. The receiver is becoming more and more wolf-like, but the effect is nothing more than "strange eyes" and at night with dogs! (for the whole movie) The budget is too low, the dialogue is stilted (I laughed out loud for some of the ridiculous talks), and the play is too dishonest. Long sections of the movie are nothing more than dreamy looks, ominous music and voluptuous wolves in nature. Too long, even 90 minutes long, boring and without ideas. The army wants to use the eye transplants to see wounded soldiers back and presumably militarize the technology. There is a stupid subplot about a beautiful Indian girl (Korey) who thinks she can help, using Indian wisdom over the wolves. They make love while music is heavy on drums and Indian chanting - crazy, man! Love makes a murderous murder - who changed this turkey?! A gruesome "medicine man" that drives out numbers seems little, except to add atmosphere. <br /> <br /> Here are two ridiculous scenes. A research laboratory worker goes into the animal room to discover that the monkeys have been released from their pens. She gets scared, looks left at the monkeys, turns right, turns left, turns right, turns left. It goes on for a while (who changed it?). RUN FROM THE LADY LAB! It was so stupid I started laughing. Another ridiculous scene - our hero is at home, escapes from a window like the heavily armed military arrives - he opens the window, the military guys go to the open window, look out the window, they say "look like he was here, "and LEAVE! He went out the open window, guys !! Crazy. <br /> <br /> By the end of the movie, the military guys over and over make trees aboard, when there is of course nothing there - easier to place the stickers. They have 6 machine guns that cut trees, but decide to fight our hero with one knife! Shoot the guy !! Who wrote this trash? There is a meaningless confrontation at the end, and believe me I am not spoiling you. There is not enough plot to spoil. <br /> <br /> I think the whole thing was a tax write-off or a rush to make use of unused budget money from a better movie.
