This low-grade Universal Chiller has just been announced as an upcoming DVD release, but as part of a collection of similar movies I've had in my possession, I decided to get it from other channels rather than waiting for legal release. It is just as good as the end result is not special (if it is really atmospheric): to start the plot is pretty weak ?? although it somehow expects the Vincent Price vehicle THEATER OF BLOOD (1973), though without any of the movie's camp throws. What we have here is actually an eternal sculptor (Martin Kosleck)? who we even see his meager cheese plate with his pet cat! ?? who decides to end it all by moving himself into the nearby river after finding himself at the reception end of art critic Alan Napier's vitriol pen. But while he is just watching the action, he is expected by Rondo Hatton's escaped killer, The Creeper, who of course saves the poor man's life with the intention of doing the latter all the dirty work for him in gratitude! Although it appears to be in the New York art circles, everything we really see at work is Kosleck and commercial painter Robert Lowery (who keeps the same sculptural blonde girl Joan Shawlee in banal over and over again, how's art?) , convenient enough, involved in Napier's competitive art critic (Virginia Gray)! For a long time the latter is discovered with his spine broken and Lowery is suspected; but then investigator Bill Goodwin gets the shining idea of ​​engaging another critic to publish a review of Lowery's work (I didn't know that publicity sketches were revised!) to determine how violent his reaction would be! Meanwhile, Kosleck condemns himself for creating his masterpiece by forming Hatton's unique craggy? and recognizable ?? Visage that attracts the attention of the constantly visiting Gray unnecessarily (we are led to believe she didn't have material for her weekly column), much to the scoundrel of both artists and models. Bafflingly, although The Creeper is fully aware of how Gray looks (thanks to her aforementioned ghost of Kosleck's flea path), he shuts off Shawlee? who became Goodwin's girl at that time! ?? in Lowery's apartment, and dominate Kosleck who (with it you guess) is gray on his intention to shower him as the fake man for the police, sends the slow giant off his deep end, even to finish his own now rocky image. Oddly enough, although it's Hatton's penultimate film, its name is preceded by the epithet "introducing"!
