How sheep, like the film that the public is going to publish so often, seems to be. Once some critics say something new is good (ie - "Shake-Cam"), everyone jumps on the train, as if they were thinking independently. It wasn't a good movie, it was a horrible movie. 1) Plot? - What plot? Bourne was from here to the point, from start to finish. That's the plot. Do not look for anything deeper than that. 2) Cinematography? - Do me a favor! Any 7-year-old armed with an old and battered 8mm movie camera will do a much better job (I'm not overdoing it here). This film is a surprisingly amateur-based camera tournament. The ridiculous shaking of everyone (I mean really every) scene will cause dizziness and nausea. 3) Credible? - Oh yes. This is a masterpiece of credibility. I loved scenes about Bourne being chased by the (local) police through the winding market streets of Tangier. - I went to Tangier. Even the guides can't be followed by the streets, but Bourne shook 100 police with speed and finesse. Greengras must cover his head with the sympathy of his film disciples. 4) Editing? - I don't know what the editor was when he did this movie, but I want some! - Each scene is between 0.5 and 2 seconds. At the end of the film, I felt uncomfortable with the strobe effect of the "scenes" that flicker. 5) Directing? - Hmmm. This is an interesting aspect. Actually, the movie doesn't seem to have any direct. More a case of Greengrass throws a copy of the script (already two pages) with the cameras and said to shoot a few scenes while they are drunk. - "Don't worry about boys, we'll connect the screens together in the editing room". The editor must be tarred, fed and placed in stock to enable these samples to hit the silver screen. 6) None, but TWO senior CIA operators who abused the gentle female treatment and misunderstood Jason Bourne. - Placing their lives on the line for someone they couldn't even be sure was not a traitor. Talk about stupid newcomers. (While the evil male CIA members plan to end any operative that falls as much as a paper clamp on the floor). (Well, all men are angry, aren't they? - Except for SNAGS of course). Yes, it's really a modern and politically correct movie that shows the females as the heroes of the day and the oppressive men as the real threat to mankind. 7) If you know what the fan finally does, triumph over the evil (just as it always does?) And the killer gets the fall on Jason Bourne - he is going to undergo a debt trip suddenly and refrains from pulling the trigger (Yes - right ...). At that moment, the evil deputy director just got in hand and he pulled the trigger. - How did this 60-year-old man run so fast and not even breathe? Wonders Will Never Stop 8) Don't worry, there is a senate hearing and the bad things are being brought before the courts. Well, we can't go wrong, politically wrong, CIA operations are about shooting people, can we? How beautiful to see a truth in life P.C. movie of the Noughties. ------------- The Bourne Ultimatum is utterly rubbish.
