The number of goofs in this episode was higher than the first 9. They do not follow their own rules on spirits where body destruction dissolves the spirit. This one dropped a second body. That body, and dean, is about 20 feet from Sam, but then they're right with Sam. Flashlights go out in an unobstructed asylum, at night, and we can still see everything. It's night, but the light is flowing through the windows. A ghost that died in the 1960s makes cellular calls? Come on! Sam couldn't find a psychiatrist to see him on the same day he made an appointment and the doctor talked to Sam as it wasn't his first visit. Sam and dean knew there were other bodies in the asylum and innocent spirits who were still hiding and doing nothing to help them. It doesn't look like a thing the Winchester boys would do. Oh, and after the creep on a dirty mattress and around a nasty asylum, the girls' makeup and hair are perfect and not a stain on her white shirt. <br /> <br /> While the implementation of this episode had problems, the point of departure was good and a few times I wasn't wiped out, but nervous. Dean read Elicots magazine. I just knew that an object so intense for the ghost will pull it to the person who violates its holiness. Elicot did not appear. Perhaps it is a mistake for such an important object or place (such as Elicot's office) to draw the spirit when a living being touches or enters. When they divorce, I want to scream ... "That's how you die! Always stay together and watch each other's back! "But they don't listen to me: o The Elicot spirit and its particular ability were a very good touch. This is the leading time show, but I wish Elicot's whim to scramble one of his victims and the expectation of torture to crawl us further. <br /> <br /> Especially because of the lighting, I gave it a 4, sudden darkness or the flickering of the entire scene's lighting while the flashlight is flashing is All the more terrifying - the lighter coming or the flash that is revived and immediately a spirit in their face is shocking, I understand the directors want us to see his scene, but then make a significant or clear connection Elicot, who touches an electrical connection and touches the lights, lets the characters respond to the fact that an asylum without power suddenly has lights in one room, blue white lights flashing like electric bows just like Elicot's fingertips. > <br /> Seriously, MCG could do better n has.
