Houseboat Horror is a great title for this movie. It is absolutely spot-on, and therefore the only aspect of the movie I can give 10 out of 10. There are houseboats, there is horror, there is even abomination that takes place on houseboats. But if there ever was a song for the movie poster, it would be sure: "Something shonky this way comes ..." for Houseboat Horror is easily the worst Australian horror movie I've ever seen, not one of the worst disgust. movies I've ever seen, and a pretty horrendous attempt at filmmaking in general. The good news is, it's so bloody terrible, it sails straight through the zone of display contempt in the wonderful world of inadvertent hilarity. It is worth watching because it is bloody, terrible. <br /> <br /> The worst category does not come from the storyline, for the simple reason that there is actually one: a record producer, a movie staff and a rock band drive to the mystifyingly name Lake Infinity, a scenic rural retreat somewhere in Victoria (actually Lake Eildon) to shoot a music video. Someone is not very happy to see them there, and perhaps in an effort to make the audience a favor, they start off one by one with a very sharp knife. Even more mystifying is how long it takes the survivors to really notice it. <br /> <br /> On the surface it looks like a B movie maker. You have extremely annoying youths, intolerant elders, ghastly residents (one of whom, a petrol station member, will easily win a gigantic competition), and let's face it, my description of the killer can easily be Jason Voorhees. Oh, but if the acting and production values ​​were just as close as the comparative masterpiece that was on the 13th Part VII on Friday. Unfortunately, Houseboat Horror is completely without both of these things. <br /> <br /> But in the end it just makes you so ridiculous and amusing. Fans of one-time 'Late Show' and 'Get This' member Tony Martin will already be aware of some of the right dialogue gems ('Check out the view ... you'll bar up!'), While the real song Accompanying the music video is so bad that it should be heard to be believed. I can't help wondering whether writer / director Ollie Wood hoped it would be a hit. The horror element is comparable. I think of B-slashers of the genre and especially of the era, but there were times when I couldn't help biting someone who was screened in a hamburger and spraying a volley of tomato sauce on the wall on the screen. <br /> <br /> If you listened to Tony Martin to recommend this movie as hilarious rubbish like me, I don't think you will be disappointed. Any fans of 'so-bad-it-good' horror should not exceed the opportunity. Whether you're up a bit or not, is another matter. However, if you are looking for true excellence in the Australian horror genre, get yourself a copy of the incomparable Long Weekend and don't look back.
