When the reminder of when a stranger was calling out, I was naturally interested in watching the original. When I read about the original (which I remembered my sisters completely freaked back in the day) I saw that the real money on the black Christmas, which apparently all hit the "caller in the house" punch. So I Netflix it, and it sits on my list for months because of its "very long wait". All this time I'm getting more and more eager to see it! Then one day it comes out of the blue! ... And that's a total snoring. <br /> <br /> Sure, I might have increased expectations, but I don't think it would be more if I saw it fresh. The thing is that it is Christmas in a Canadian college town, and there is this girl who has a feast. We see a few killer POV shots as he climbs this grille and sneaks on the attic. So we know he's in the house. Then we introduced to our characters ?? - Olivia Hussey as the sparkling, shiny, Canadian-accented Jess. Marder Kidder as the annoying, aggressive alcoholic Barb. She is so annoying that even her mother invites her to her Christmas festivities. There is also this annoying Janis Ian clone ("Phil") and this alcoholic Mrs Mrs. Mac, spitting her nips from the different bottles, knocked it all over the house. We also meet Jess's vast boyfriend Peter, played by Keir Dullea of ​​2001 and Bunny Lake is well known, but halfway through the movie I still asked, "Which one is Keir Dullea?" <br /> <br /> So it looks like the house has received obscene calls, but it was before email, so they couldn't ask for a photo. Then? - Well, you know how they say plastic dry cleaning bags aren't a toy? One of the sisters finds it out of the difficult path. Don't worry if you don't catch the first 14 shots of the body-wrapped body of the body as it takes place on the attic - 28 more will be thrown through the film, of course there to let you say: "O my God ! There is a corpse on the attic! "Although the first hour changed to the first hour:" How did the stupid police not find the previously placed plastic-coated body on the attic? " Especially because it is made clear that it is clearly visible from outside the house. Really, any time before CSI came up, such a golden age had to be a crime; The police are so stupid. Fortunately, some of them look like John Saxon. <br /> <br /> Anyway, after a much more boring human drama, the housewife fears that her precious kitty has ascended a vertical ladder and pushed a heavy pull on what rests on them (those naughty cats! ) because she puts her head in there and ends with a hook roller in her neck for trouble. Now we have two bodies on the attic? - Hey, why don't we have 75 more shots to chew us by the fact that there are now TWO bodies on the attic? <br /> <br /> By now the police have started to take the situation seriously, and then tap the house phone and send a policeman outside. They inform Jess and her friend Janis Ian that if the obscene calls back a caller, they should keep him on the phone. Jessica, who grew more and more, mushy and annoying, asked the caller: "Who is it? What do you want? Who are you?" after like the first 89 calls, when it is clear he won't answer her. Isn't it like a sign a development disability? The inability to learn from unsuccessful attempts at something? And what was he going to do, suddenly said, "Oh, yeah, that's Bob of the Laundromat?" Dumb Jess. <br /> <br /> Spoilers! Anyway, Janis Ian and Lois Lane (Kidder) are quickly piled up in bed with ketchup splashed on their faces (the movie's idea of ​​gore) and idiot Jess realizes that not a single door or window closes in the house is not. Hello? Do you stalk or what? Then the police realized that the murderer was in the house, and called Jess and told her, "Don't ask questions, just do as I say? Walk to the front door and get out." So, what does Moron Jess do? Start screaming "Phil? Barb? Phil? Barb?" Hey, good idea sister. Now why don't you go to the top right where you know a psychotic killer is watching? Of course she did and saw her former friends, all splashed with ketchup, shouting the viewer on the screen: "Now be an idea!" <br /> <br /> Now, of course, one needs to understand and realize that this movie was made before the classic slasher film tropics were firmly in place, and that it did not move at the same rate as we are used to, and to To see a plastic-covered body on the attic like 206 times, it was scary back in the day, and people weren't used to being bumped by psychopaths, so they won't think you know, close the doors or windows. And they might be tempted to walk on the floor when they're just told that a rabid killer is there. You see, people were stupid in the 70's. We need to understand it. One of the big shocks is that we don't even kill our Proto Final Girl. But believe me, it's more interesting to be read in this review than watching the movie. Spoilers End! <br /> <br /> ------ Hey, look at Cinema de Merde, my website on bad and cheesy movies (with some good movies thrown in). You can find the URL in my email address above.
