Unhinged was part of the Video Nasty censorship movie selection that the UK built up in the 80's. Keep the gory stuff out of the hands of children, you don't know! It must have left much of the fuss. At today's standard, Unhinged is an easy little fairy tale. <br /> <br /> 3 girls go to a jazz concert ... and right away you know the body setting will be pretty low. They get lost in the bush, and find a car accident that looks so fake, it's laughing. They are picked up by some nearby residents who live in the bush in a creepy house. One of the girls was seriously injured and had to stay up. Then talk. Talk about why the girls are here and how they should be to eat in time, because the mother doesn't like it when someone is late. And more talk. Yakkity Yak. Some tensions are built as a crazy man walks and the girls struggle, and someone's eyeball looks through holes in the walls at the pretty girls in something that looks like Hitchcock's Psycho. I deviate because there is so much blah blah in this movie, which you wonder when the murders will start. In fact, one of the girls is so bored that she just walks in the woods, looking for the town. Smart move. She probably knew about the lonely virgin walking alone in the bushes, but she didn't care. More talk goes on while we wait, wait and wait until the next girl may be killed. <br /> <br /> Then there's the turn. The "expected" unexpected for some viewers, for others a true gotcha. Surely the only reason anyone really wants to see it. I don't care how twisted it is, nothing in this movie makes for the most boring time I watched it. Even with the slight impact of the end, the director not only needed to deliver a good story. It would have made a much better 30 minute - 1 hour TV episode about Tales from the Darkside. <br /> <br /> If you really need to get it for any reason, maybe just to say you watched each treasure. film, make yourself a favor and keep the quick button ready. Since the movie has so many unimportant scenes, you just have to search through them, and you'll end up soon after the "WOW, that's what it's all the time,". Halfway through the movie there is a shower scene with 2 girls showing boo-bees. Horray for boo-bees. Those beautiful humming honey-bee bees.
