If you sit to watch Unhinged, it's probably because its advertisements, video boxes, whatever, scream that it has been banned in the United Kingdom for over 20 years (as virtually every video does). It is true; exploitation and taboo excited people and pull them in with their promise of controversy. To be an exploration fan, however, was nothing new to me. The advertisements screaming that the movie was banned in the UK doesn't necessarily mean I want to see it; In fact, the first thing that usually appears in my head is how disgustingly paranoid British sensors are. How I watched it is simple: it promises Gore and it was just $ 6.99. The price alone warned me not to have the next Halloween, but a cheap stuffing of your DVD collection never hurts. However, I forced myself to see it all in one meeting, because I find that the decision to save the rest for another day inspires less to complete it. Anyway, after 90 minutes of Unhinged, I found that I have the cheapest sleep problem in life. I think the distributors can make a fortune if they simply change their marketing technique. <br /> <br /> Unhinged's explanation is of any common treasure chest from the 80's. There are unnecessary shower scenes and exploitation. It's about it. Anyway, it starts with a group of three attractive rivals who crash their car on the road to a concert. Although two of them (Terry and Nancy) are good, one (Gloria) is seriously injured and the commission is not for the rest of the movie. They are rescued and sheltered at a home (which obviously does not have to have a telephone) with rather strange occupants: Marion is a middle-aged woman with a man-hate mother who constantly accuses Marion of sneaking men into the house To sleep with them (echoes of Psycho?). She also has a crazy brother Carl who lives in the bush because her mother's hatred for men is so intense that she refuses to stay in the house. After a while with Marion, Terry (our "hero") and Nancy decide they should contact their parents. Despite everyone's warnings, Nancy urges the dangerous bushes to make it on a phone (her fate is not hard to predict). Then we see Gloria again, which is then quickly slaughtered with an ax. When Terry discovers that Gloria has disappeared from her room, she decides that something is not right with this photo and that she will find her missing friends. It can be said easier than what has been done, but with a crazy Carl lying around? <br /> <br /> After I watched Unhinged, I read an overwhelming number of reviews stating that Unhinged worked perfectly, as it took its time to build its topic that created true tension by the time the moment of truth comes to an end. Normally I do not drag other people's opinions into my reviews (especially when they contradict my views), but in this case I was so surprised by their reactions that I thought would be relevant to mention. This is because the film is actually crawling. Usually the audience should be strong for the tactics to work, so the characters are in danger. Oh, sure, we see two of them being murdered, but between them are endless scenes of conversation and boredom. We are aware that a killer is in progress, but it is only three times focused on the film; This means there is no reason to fear the victims. Instead, the events of the film are not explained by the actions of the characters, but are taken out by us through eternal talks. If there is one thing I can assure you don't see, it's that characters of characters only talk to each other for 75 minutes is very boring. Not one of these is helped by the abominable behavior. It looked like it was another case that the director needed and decided to meet his friends instead of finding someone with experience. <br /> <br /> Of course I would be a liar if I said there wasn't one part of the movie I enjoyed. Specifically, the end was one of the best I've ever seen in a slasher movie; You just don't expect it to happen. Just to know that the director had the balls to do something like that is spectacular. Oh, I won't spoil it, and I won't say that the end for the rest of the slow movie is complete, but it will definitely get your attention. Other than that, the other two murder scenes bring at least some faster pace, but it's not as if you couldn't exactly know who would die in the movie fifteen minutes. Anyone looking for a massacre will, however, be disappointed; these are the only scenes of gore present. This and of course, nobody can save a whole movie. I normally proclaim the doctrine that as long as there is action, the worse a movie is, the better it gets. Disobey only one part of this concept. The whole movie just feels luke warm; There is potential in order, but the director is also not experienced enough to make it work or just didn't know what the hell he did.
