The Invisible Maniac begins as a young Kevin Dornwinkle (Kris Russell) trapped by his strict mother (Marilyn Adams) by a girl (Tracy Walker) watching his telescope. Cut to 'Twenty years later' and Kevin Dornwinkle (Noel Peters) is now a physics professor who claims to have discovered a way to make things invisible by using a 'molar reconstruction' serum. But during a demonstration before his fellow scientists fail and everyone laughs at him, Dornwinkle goes crazy, kills some of them and ends in a spiritual institution from which he escapes. Jump forward 'Two weeks later' and a group of summer college students discuss the tragic death of their physics teacher when Ms. Cello (Stephanie Blake as Stella Blalack) says she hired a replacement. Yes, you guessed it. Dornwinkle. The student does not take him and treat him as dirty, but Dornwinkle made his invisibility serum perfect and used to satisfy his perverse sexual urgency and his desire for revenge. <br /> <br /> Co-written & directed by Adam Rifkin, hidden under the pseudonym Rif Coogan (I don't want my name also associated with this maze). The invisible maniac is the right bottom of the game. The writing of Rifkin, sorry Coogan & Tony Markes is terrible. It tries to be a teen sex / comedy / horror hybrid that just fails in every department. For a start, the sex is nothing more than a few female shower tents and a few boobies, not much else, I'm scared and the birds in the invisible maniac aren't even so nice. The comedy is lame and every joke misses through the proverbial mile. This is the kind of movie that someone thinks is fighting an invisible man or with Henry (Jason Logan) a dumb man making a call is funny. The Invisible Maniac makes the Police Academy (1984 - 1994) series of films the highlight of sophistication! Regarding the horror aspect, it is also paralyzed. It is also incredibly slow (it takes more than half an hour before Dornwinkles even becomes invisible), boring, predictable, boring and has a very annoying teenage character. <br /> <br /> Director Rifkin or Coogan or who does absolutely nothing To try and make the invisible maniac an equally pleasant experience. There is no horror, tension or atmosphere and as a whole the film is a real job to go through. He does nothing with the invisibility angle, just a few doors that open on their own are as adventurous as it gets. There is a lot of gore or violence, a little splash of blood, a few strings and the only decent bit in the whole movie when someone blows their heads off with a shotgun. Unfortunately he was unclear at the moment and we only see the headless torso after that. <br /> <br /> The budget should be low, and I mean very low because it's a seriously cheap movie. Dornwinkel laboratory is basically two bottles on its bedside table! When he escapes from the spiritual institution, he has sent one dog to him and the whole school has about a dozen pupils and two teachers. The Invisible Maniac is a poorly crafted film throughout the 85-minute run. I saw the tree on at least one occasion. Just say the acting is of a low standard and allows it. <br /> <br /> The invisible maniac is shit, simple and simple. I didn't find anything at all, there are so many better movies you can see, so there's no reason to waste your time on this litter. Definitely one to avoid.
