Film critics of the world, I apologize. It's your job to give advice to the filming audience so they can choose wisely what to spend money on. But I ignored your advice and I was very hurt. But my decision to see "The cat in the hat" was not made haphazardly. You see, three years ago, all of you critics said we should all avoid the "disaster" known as "How the Grinch Stole Christmas". Then some of my friends took me to see it and it was a colorful, funny and almost hypnotic yuletide treat. When the critics unleashed their rage against "The Cat in the Hat", another large budget Seuss updated with a big name in the title role. I thought it should be the same old song. How wrong I was. <br /> <br /> For five minutes I thought I was in the clear. The opening credits are clever, the children are charming and the production values ​​are above all. Then the cat showed. There are many problems from this point, but the biggest was the murder of Mike Myers. Where "The Grinch" was rescued by Jim Carrey's inspiration, "The Cat" was destroyed by Myers. He can be very funny when his energy is applied wherever they belong, comic sketches. Every movie he made was really funny, was actually just a comedy sketch of feature, from Wayne's World to Austin Powers. So he tries to do the same thing here, it's just that these comedic sketches are more than the stuff they keep at the end of the SNL, not funny, just painful. Not that the writers helped him. After the beautiful prologue, the film becomes in an hour of repulsive physical humor gags, poorly spoken pratfalls and abusive stunted efforts on hip humor. This movie was the most humiliating movie experience I ever had. Period. So much talent and work has become so dirty. I know the adult stars of this movie will be relatively unscathed by this mess. I just hope the wonderful Spencer Breslin and Dakota Fanning will have more chances to show their charm in much better movies. If you are a parent, avoid it like the pest. With movies like "Elf" and "Brother Bear" currently in theaters, you have much better choices.
