Hellborn begins as a young psychiatrist named James Bishop (Matt Stasi) taking his stay at St Andrew's insane asylum, or "mental illness facility" as they would like to call it. With nearly 600 patients, Bishop meets his boss, Dr. McCort (Bruce Payne) and at work, he gets warded 'A' where some severely disrupted and dangerous patients are kept. If it wasn't bad enough during his first lap visit, Bishop finds a dead body and threatening graffiti messages spurted over his room. Bishop begins hearing stories from patients about sinister behavior at the asylum and soon finds himself more than a hint of the truth about them ... <br /> <br /> Known asylum of the condemned In the US this supernatural horror movie directed by Philip J. Jones & I, but in the end it was too many unsatisfactory elements to fully enjoy. Matt McCombs's writing takes itself quite seriously and I have learned a lot from the basic idea and some of its ideas, but there are a few things that work on it. For a start, the movie is just too slow, the story is pretty good and doesn't give it away too early, but it takes an absolute age to get it going. I quickly lost interest with every passing minute. I also thought the so-called turning end was too predictable and the ending itself too boring and forgotten. It's a pity because I like the story, the character, the environment and some ideas, but it's just too slow and frankly boring to entertain one over the 90 minutes. It's one of those movies I'd like to recommend, but I can't. <br /> <br /> Director Jones is doing a good job, it's actually a well-lit and very atmospheric movie. I won't say there's anything scary here. I'm not sure Hellborn was shot in a really crazy asylum, but if it wasn't, they did a good job on the set and the movie looked pretty good. Unfortunately, there is a real lack of gore or action, there are two handshake wounds and a cut off tongue. It is absolutely nothing else in terms of blood or gore that should come as a disappointment. Depending on who you believe and what review you read, the special effects are the worst ever or very good, as well as a dedicated viewer of low budget scare. I was very impressed with the effects, especially the devil who looks very impressive and is a man in a pack of effects rather than a horrible CGI computer graphics although it is an impressive pack. It all depends on your expectations. I suspect. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is good, it looks good enough and the lack of CGI computer effects is something I welcome. The play is not good, but it could have been better. <br /> <br /> Hellborn is a movie that disappointed me. There were a few good things about it, but at the same time there are also terrible things that weigh heavier than good ones. I like parts of it, but as a whole 90 minute viewing experience, I find it absolutely impossible to recommend to anyone.
