This is the page for 'House of Exorcism', but most people have confused this movie with the Mario Bava masterpiece, 'Lisa & the Devil', explaining the ridiculously high rating for this, 'House of Exorcism'. When "Lisa & the Devil" appeared in film festivals in the early 70's, it was a critical success. Audiences responded well to the beautiful, Gothic horror movie. Unfortunately, it was a little ahead of time, and it was too unusual, and not commercial enough for mass consumption. No distributor will buy it. So producer Alfredo Leone decided to change 'Lisa', apparently with a chain saw, by just removing about half of the original movie and adding new scenes, which he filmed two years after the original product! It is important to note that Bava had little to do with these new, scary additions, so technically "House of Exorcism" is not a Bava movie. The original product is a slow, dreamy, elegant production. A few minutes in the movie, the viewer is bursting out of this dream world. Suddenly we see Lisa (two years older and with a completely different hairstyle), screaming on the ground, making gutural sounds and cunning poems such as "sucking my co @ k", etc. Subtle, huh? And the movie continues like this, jumping back and forth between a beautiful, visual movie and a grade Z "exorcist" rip-off. Leone tried to incorporate these shock scenes while keeping a story of a story intact. He failed failed. When the choice was made to destroy "Lisa and the devil", Bava himself refused and said his film was too good to cut. He was right, and it should have been rather sad for this artist to see that all his work was destroyed and flushed in the toilet. It was many years before the original "Lisa and the devil" were seen again, and watched night night television again. I have seen "lisa" before I saw this new version, and it was really upsetting to see one of my favorite movies being "vandalized" in this way. Usually just to see curiosity. Otherwise, this treacherous disaster avoids the plague.
