But I doubt many are going to see this movie. Or "Some went out of the movie". Okay, it's a little difficult. <br /> <br /> The movie begins in an unintentional comic way: Frankie's son returns to his hometown after many years. It already sounds of clichés and the whole town is shaken by his house. arrival: he talks about, everyone wants to talk to him and every woman he meets flirts with him as if there is no tomorrow. Even his cousin claims to have her date dropped to talk a little longer with Frankie's son! Even his pretty cousin wants a piece of him! Sounds like one of those ridiculous "Mike Hammer" episodes where every single woman wants Stacey Keach. And, like Stacey Keach, Frankie's son is nothing but a beautiful woman's wet dream. In real life, someone like Sinatra (without the fame) won't get as beautiful as MacLaine within 100m of anyone. But in this Hollywood movie it is the other way around: MacLaine is absolutely unhappy with Frankie's son, but HE can't care less! Sinatra plays his "cool" shtick too often in his movies, and this is seldom credible. Dean Martin is kind of miscarriage; He is not miscast as a card player, but rather because of the accent that simply doesn't fit him. MacLaine is charming as always, but she plays a caricature - and this confidence in caricatures is one of the basic problems with the movie. The main characters are all kind of stereotypes from bad or seen-it-all-for-movies and cheap novels; Frankie is the "cool cat" who comes back to town to get all the women, and he can't care less about his writing (which is predictably eventually recognized); Martin is a messy but friendly card player; MacLaine is the stupid but very nice bimbo; Frankie's blonde love interest is a solid literary expert; Frankie's brother is the successful man who is married to his wife's business and has a wonderful marriage; and so on. Clichés. <br /> <br /> The story contains some coincidences that are a bit too far-fetched for me: Frankie just happens to bump his cousin into a room; his cousin just steps away from her father and last kisses his secretary for the first time; And then there is the terrible, stupid end. <br /> <br /> There is a drunk man bent on killing Frankie's son, somehow managed to find him in a carnival of all places! The place is completely full, with the typical noise and chaos - and it happens in the evening - and yet the old Frankie (despite being drunk as a doorknob) and shooting at him. But guess who he is killing? MacLaine. She jumps in front of the bullet to save Frankie: a cliché that can turn on a comic book writer. This completely pathetic, overly dramatic and annoying end certainly can't please any, even semi-intelligent viewer. And it happens on the same day that MacLaine and Sinatra are married! The author of this nonsense seems to have read the whole life, how about writing this movie? There is even a card game in which a noise with Frankie & Martin versus some cliché caricatures comes from the author's "live" imagination. (It was suddenly like a damn west.) Another stupid thing is the way Sinatra was crazy about the boring snotty-nosed bimbo and MacLaine. As the film progresses, we find out that Sinatra MacLaine finds him stupid, just as the blonde bimbo Sinatra finds herself too low for her. There is a certain snobbery and contempt found in the writing about MacLaine. MacLaine is treated by everyone as worthless, while blonde bimbo is treated as a princess and intellectually; The ironic truth is that the latter's character is like a fool and not at all intellectual; Her behavior, comments and opinions are mostly clichéd, stupid, confused, pretentious and primitive. At least MacLaine's character KNOWS that she (MacLaine) is dumb. There is another irony that I have not noticed: Sinatra is worth the effort to put an end to its latest story, just like the author of this movie. That's why he turned up the crazy, crazy final. <br /> <br /> The movie basically has a solid role, and photography is nice, but the writing, although sometimes good, is based on stupidity rather than on reality-based characters and events. <br /> <br /> If you are interested in reading my "biographies" of Shirley MacLaine and other Hollywood intellectuals, please email me.
