The strangely-named Vera-Ellen was to dance a movie that Sonja Henie was to skate skating: blond, girlish, always nice to watch, but not a particularly good actress and usually with poor material. If I look at Vera-Ellen's sexy apache dance with Gene Kelly in 'Words and Music', I can't help seeing her blouse (yellow with narrow red horizontal stripes) from the South Vietnam flag. For some reason, the American Vera-Ellen in two musicals (several years apart) in Edinburgh, a city not known for his tap dancers: "Let's Be Happy" and "Happy Go Lovely" . /> <br /> In the latter, Cesar Romero plays an American impresario that for some reason creates a musical in Edinburgh. There is a vague attempt to link this show to the Edinburgh Festival. It's nonsense: the festival is not a showcase for spooky leggings. We also see some stock shots from the Royal Mile: apart from a few Highland accents, there is absolutely no attempt to convey Scottish atmosphere in this movie. The funniest gauze comes at the beginning, when we learn that the title of Romero's show is "Frolics to You": it is a fiery pun that gets the British and Yanks will not. <br /> <br /> VerAllen is as usual cute and attractive and an impressive dancer, but the very few musical numbers in this movie are boring and bad. The plot - wrong identity between tycoon David Niven and reporter Gordon Jackson - is brainless, but no more than the sites of a few dozen Hollywood musicals. Romero is less annoying than usual, probably because he doesn't need us to believe he's interested in covering the heroine. <br /> <br /> The single biggest violation of this movie is the abuse of Bobby Howes. Sally Ann Howes' father was a major star of West End theater music; His voluptuous version of "She's My Lovely" was a big hit in Britain in 1937. Here he appears in several scenes such as Romero's dogbody, but never has a chance to participate in a musical number or even a real comedy. It's absolutely criminal that this movie - with a title containing the word 'Lovely' - will probably provoke Howes' biggest hit - throwing a great British musical star, but giving him nothing to do! <br /> <br /> The beautiful character actress Ambrosine Phillpotts (with whom I once worked) shines in one restaurant series, and there is a look at the damned beauty of Kay Kendall. Like Vera-Ellen's confidant, someone named Diane Hart speaks in one of the most annoying voices I've ever heard: it seems like an attempt to imitate Joan Greenwood and Glynis Johns in the same way, but also vote not match. Val Guest has a story credit, but this movie does not come to the quality of its brilliant comedies. The color photography is miserable, although I realize that post-war Britain cannot afford the process of Hollywood. 'Happy Go Lovely' is a very pleasant time warmer, with 'waster' the operative word. I will rate this movie only 4 out of 10.
