You have to understand, when Wargames was released in 1983, it created a generation of wannabe computer hackers. The idea that a teenager can do far-reaching relationships, let alone a world war, was novel and exciting. Actual computers have begun to appear in people's homes, and for the first time society has interconnected, in a way that has made the film's performance exhilarating. Admittedly, a talked-out computer that is balanced the leisure time between chess and global thermonuclear war was a bit far-fetched, but the brilliant commentary on nuclear proliferation and the cold war succeeded. I probably even heard from the hackers that this movie was actually based on. <br /> <br /> Fast forward 25 years, and we have a terrible mutant of a thing I despise to call a "successor" called Wargames: The Dead Code. I'll just dig upright. First of all, the plot hangs on a government-run gambling spot where people who win the games automatically become terrorist suspects. You are now very confused. The idea is that the terrorist will eventually click on the sub-game on the site called "The Dead Code" where they run a plane over a city and spray it with bioweeps. At some point in the game you have to choose between "sarin gas" and "anthrax", and if you choose "sarin", you are automatically recognized as a bioterrorism weapons expert and your family is arrested and interrogated. It actually happens in the movie. Since the payment for the game is made from a bank account that was suspicious, it makes all sense. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the AI's avatar in this straight-to-DVD bomb is a nasty flash animation that repeats the pop-up ad-esquire sound "playing with my baby". For in the future, advanced AI appears to be interested in intellectual pursuit such as chess, and becomes in pornography. <br /> <br /> Third, the motivation for these "hackers" is profit and women, as opposed to pure curiosity as in the original movie. For some reason, recent hacker movies feel the need to portray all young adults as an average surfer of people who are just like everyone. It can work for your average sitcom, but don't learn how to take over government computers by doing your hair, playing sports and shopping at the mall. The one novel I noticed was that at some point in the dialogue there was a reference to a Matt Damon movie, and then there was the expression "Good Hunt, Will". I swear they call the main character. Will only be for that phrase so they have a high five for Mr. Damon can send. This kid won't be bad, but he certainly wasn't like any obsessive hacker I've ever met. I can't quite explain how annoyed I am that this movie has the same name as the original because it has absolutely nothing in common with it except it? Professor Falken and Joshua (WOPR) make a revival in this movie, like an old old man who apparently dies of boredom, and a dilapidated, higher pitch tik tac-toe machine. Joshua (the AI) played after a little sex with the new AI with the porn study, a lot of board games flashing on the big screens and the whole "The only way to win is not to play" Revelation is supposed to be the crowning moment. Except that those of us who have seen the original, you know, those who want to see it in the first place are already there and did it. A reclaimed end to a movie made from last month's compost. <br /> <br /> The new movie was directed by a 90210 man, and written by guys using B-movies. The original is directed by a man who deals with "Heroes", so you see the difference in quality there. There was a real remake, but I hope they do not destroy these classics again. I swear, if I should, I visit every gambling site until I find the one managed by a psychotic government computer. The saving grace is that I could stream it on Netflix, so at least the only energy I spent to watch this disaster was for breathing, clicking and digestion.
