Someone, some day, should do a study of architecture as it appears in horror movies; of all the discoveries of strange homes, looking for secret passages and cribs, samples by air tubes and so on. I can only remember a few movies in which architecture played a major role - Demon Seed, "Cube", the remake of "Thirteen Ghosts" - but it is at the heart of every story about a haunted house or church or manger; It's all about the character and the influence of spaces, passages and walls. So I look forward to this excitement where it is promised to be central. The idea is this: An architect actually built a huge house, actually rebuilt. his wife just left him, mainly because of his own self-centeredness, but also, it is testified because she cannot get used to the place since he rebuilt it. Living in unusual loneliness (really this time rather than virtual), he suspects somebody else - a stranger who came to the door one night asked to use the phone and then suddenly disappeared - live in the home with him; just the place is big enough so he can never see him. <br /> <br /> It is a good start for a melodrama, whose development would expect to follow such lines: After the house was searched for the intruder A few times without success the architect succeeded its blueprints to undertake more systematic searches, to surprise, intercept or obstruct the intruder, perhaps through special features built into the structure. Meanwhile, the intruder has discovered uncovered sites and back roads between places the architect didn't provide or remember. The movie will turn into a cat-and-mouse game, a hunt, a fight; And finally, if he wanted to catch the intruder, the architect himself would be trapped in his own creation, somehow he didn't expect. Then he would be forced to think about it - and at the same time from his own self-imposed isolation - and in a final turn it would nail and perhaps even kill the **** there. br /> <br /> Nothing like this happens in this movie; the house is just a house, the architect is just a man, and his nemesis is of an unknown character, if he does not exist at all. Here's what happens in the movie: Once the intruder is installed in the house - if he is - the architect begins to sound, but if he is going to investigate, he finds nothing. He calls the police, they think he is slightly nuts; he persuades his estranged wife to spend the night, she thinks he is more nuts. Finally, more or less accidentally, he runs into the intruder (not a good look, but figures, who else can it be? - Not a hard question, in a story with so far less than three main characters ), then he closes the doors, lowers the grills on the windows, throws away the key (I don't know why he considers it necessary), and leaves his victim hungry. I missed why it was a given: the doors and walls made of steel? Anyway, the architect takes to sleep in his car. And since the idea of ​​the movie is undeveloped and cannot be further developed, something else has to be designed to get place. And this is it: The architect - are you ready? - moves in the house of the man who (presumably) moves in his home and lives in the same way. How is this possible? This is not, but the movie takes this route to make it look: The architect drew a picture of the man who came to his door; and when he leaves home, he takes the picture together; and while sitting in his car, he threw the picture into the street; and two children pick it up and notice that it looks like Martin, their neighbor; after which the architect asks where his home is and the children show the way. <br /> <br /> If these ranges seem to be indisputable, what are the consequences directly. The architect is staying with Martin's wheelchair-driven woman, unknown to her; so scary in his move and so cunning in his reading of his hostess that he can always leave a room, just as she enters or comes out, just as she turns around. During this section, the movie is somehow clever, makes it or it's for the viewer to make. The point that she lives with this stranger, who does not know he is there, is essentially the same life he had with his wife. , as a virtual entertainment with her as a convenient buffer. But at the same time, his inability to live in the world makes his transformation in Raffles the cat burglar completely unbelievable. Not to go to the end of the series of winds - including another murder achieved by closing someone behind another invincible door - this one before a landing so faint that it crashes under the weight of a wheelchair has; two nice people who violate murder; and (before the story begins) the unnoticed construction of a tunnel under several houses .... Until the final, long-awaited turn, the film adds another, to make it even more offensive, and then finish. /> <br /> Here's a story that relies on the development of two things - the idea of ​​the stranger in the house and the character of the man whose home it is - and both the fucker. The first obstacle makes it boring; The second made me angry because it pushed its main character further and further along a more and more zigzaggy road. He never gave an explanation for the character who needed the most: Martin, the tunnel builder and tenant. The story has to be repeated by someone.
