"Absolute Beginners" was a younger generation movie, a multi-time movie that discussed issues facing teenagers in Britain and how it gets upset, every time each note is hit, teens can problems with the youth of tomorrow related. It could be called the Moulin Rouge of the 80s, but it disappeared. It made its very low point on the world, sank under the radar and can now be found collecting dust at the music department, comedy section or the politically obscure part of that cunning video store that doesn't need chain money. survive. Oh, it wasn't where I found it ?? but I got it, watched it, my hardest trying to sing it, looked into Bowie's eyes, but at the end I faded. Didn't survive the test of time? Is 1950's London too far from our current society? Is Bowie Creepy? I think "Absolute Beginners" fall somewhere in each of these questions as the perfect example of a pop-up theater, but disappear into a mere sparkle at the end. <br /> <br /> "Absolute Beginners" open up with a large number of people taking us through the non-avid streets of London, hitting theft, prostitutes at every corner, dancing through, drinks like rivers, and the worst ties to almost every individual. Sounds like a place we all hate to be ?? right? Director Julien Temple keeps the mood light and flashing in most of the songs as we try to learn something about an abundance of our main characters. The one we follow most is Colin who played Eddie O'Connell. He follows his dreams of being a photographer while shooting his favorite girl, Suzette (played by Patsy Kensit). These two have chemistry, and while Suzette looks like a Lohan pre-rehab, they've worked for me. There was a huge spark between them, the chemistry was like lava and I believed that these two could take me a path I had never traveled. I was ready ?? But then something happens. Temple takes us out of the night life, takes us out of the city where we started, and completely changes the roles without any commitment to the first. Suzette walks away, Colin becomes a pervert, and Bowie ?? good ?? I'm not quite sure what his role is, but he sings incredibly well while climbing a mountain? I can tell you so much. Temple gives us this flashy city, this opportunity to see those living in it, but let's hang high and dry when it's time to pull the trigger. We mainly learn about Colin, but no one else. I can probably see this movie again and still be confused about who is angry with who and how important it was. Also, were their teens really ?? they all seemed to be pushing their late 20's, but maybe it was my TV. Character development that is thrown straight through the door tries to compare by giving larger, more exuberant songs using even more characters. of which we know nothing. One of my favorite songs in the movie uses this idea as a good example. Temple uses a manor house to show us the life of Colin's parents (of which I didn't know it was until after the movie) and a song that apathetic. Big song, too many characters, not enough time, suddenly dragged into another scene of missing coherence, and it just falls apart in your hands. Then, if that wasn't enough, we hit our heads on beating some good songs, rubbing our noggin 'trying to understand where our characters are or going, and throwing temples into hatred, anger and politics the final act. While I hope this film would have a dedicated theme, I didn't think racism would be at the top of the bill. Suddenly friends are missing, people are angry, and there is a random man running to fight Colin because he lives in poverty and has a friend of another race? Someone helps me here. It was quite rushed and overwhelming ?? almost to the point of eliminating the movie. For me, the end of "Absolute Beginners" was nowhere near the excitement of the opening number. The first part set the pace, and the temple couldn't keep up. <br /> Overall, I have to say that the temple can direct a music video, but I don't think it was ready for the movie. I don't think this movie will ever make it in full "cult" status, and will probably remain irrevocable or in the dollar box for the coming year. It's a fun movie to watch initially, but when we get to the last part, it just explodes from within. I wanted to have some cutting-edge work, but instead of what I found, a freaky Bowie along with characters I didn't care about. I could see how this movie is about the 80's, but by the end it just forced. I think everyone in this production had to take a moment and listened to "Motivation" by the still freaky Bowie in this movie. This could have helped improve this feature in better cult status. I'm glad I once watched this movie, but that's all my little brain can take. I loved how Temple caught me from the beginning, but he couldn't control his characters (far too much) and the songs didn't seem to fit the last moments of the movie. It came out of nowhere, and it was unwelcome. If it was a film about racism, it had to be from the beginning. "Absolute Beginners" was a welcome adventure, but I don't think I'll post this movie in the future. <br /> <br /> Degree: ** from *****
