This movie ends with a speech in which the narrator tells the fate of two of the main characters and that the names of people and places have changed ... Before we tell that the relationship with real people and events is purely coincidental. These final lines actually include everything that has gone before; as Rino Di Silvestro's messy film has no vision at all, and if there's any point on the plot; it is not deliberately placed there. Werewolf Woman is often seen as a guilty pleasure or a 'bad, it's good movie', but I totally disagree. I usually enjoy movies like this; but Werewolf is indeed a bad movie, and in spite of all the sex and cruelty displayed on the screen; It doesn't even make a fun look, and it's really unforgivable. The movie doesn't really have much plot, but the thin slice we've given involves a young woman who also dreams she's a werewolf. She dreams of going out and finding men, having sex with them and eventually killing them. Back in the real world she falls in love, but her lover is killed and she goes out of revenge ... <br /> <br /> The film is made up of scenes of sex and gore, knocked out with extremely boring talk series in which various characters about recent events falling apart. These scenes are probably there to send the plot and build characters; but they do not really do it and only succeed in turning what could be a sensible exploitation box into an extremely entertaining movie. It seems as if the director is more interested in style and atmosphere than the plot, and it appears from the fact that the film looks and sounds nice. The sex scene is often overgrown and not very erotic, but the gore works well. The premise is ripe to give way to a very sexy part of the exploitation, as there are many naked women and the fact that the central character has a werewolf origin means there can be many erotica. but it's not being capitalized, and while I can swing large doses of bad plays and bad plot lines, I really can't watch movies and get bored. Overall, I wouldn't even recommend this movie to huge exploitation fans. There are much better things out there, and while the title may sound intriguing - the movie isn't.
