"La Lupa Mannara" drive. "Werewolf Woman" of 1976 is a film with a very promising title, but unfortunately the film itself is far away from being my Italian Horror buffs. You won't hear me say that Rino Di Silvestri's movie is really bad - it has its stylish moments, and the first half is really nice to watch (though the fun is unintentional). The film also wins an exceptional expressionist leading actress, Annik Borel. The movie, which does not have a true plot (at least no linear one), makes no sense at all, and it draws incredibly throughout the mostly unnecessary second half. <br /> <br /> Daniella (Annik Borel) has strange dreams about a dance to turn naked at night in a werewolf. Since she was raped as a girl, Daniella is afraid of men. Then, when her sister (cult Sirene Dagmar Lassander) comes to visit her husband, Daniella suddenly feels attracted to the man and later becomes a werewolf herself or something. The storyline doesn't really make the slightest sense, which makes the movie fun to watch throughout the first half. The main character Daniella is a schizophrenic mixture of a fine hysterical and funny nymphomania, which sometimes becomes a werewolf. Director Di Silvestri has decided to make plots with a lot of female nudity, which works well for me. There are also some nice things done well moments. The movie is never even tense or creepy, but it is very entertaining in the beginning. Also, there are no attempts to conceal that it is a sleaze, but the camera often makes close-ups on the Miss Borel's private parts for its simple slope. I'm not complaining. Then, for some reason, Di Silvestri decided to lengthen the film by completely changing the direction in which it was going. While Daniella was initially a typical werewolf that could not follow the curse of her curse, it suddenly changed when she met a guy (Howard Ross, who was in Fernando Di Leo's "Il Boss" in 1973). Suddenly she goes back to normal again, and the next part of the film doesn't go into the first half at all. It gets pretty boring after a while; All in all, it would probably have been better for this 99 minute movie to be just 70 minutes long. In the end, they even want us to believe that the absurd story (if we can call it) is based on true events. "Werewolf Woman" has some redeeming qualities; my fellow Italo-Horror fans can try it. However, if you watch the Italian Horror / Exploiting cinema from the 70's, there are hundreds of movies to watch before you see this one.
