I guess the writers have never read a book of any kind, much less a Dickens novel, and certainly not David Copperfield, and that they have based their script on another poorly written script, possibly an adaptation. from Copperfield, but just as likely differently, from which they randomly discarded about a third of the pages and then shook the rest, along with some random pages from a script that someone's eighth grade cousin for an English class written and for which he received a faulty degree. <br /> <br /> If the throw was a bad joke - eg. Richards as Kramer who plays Micawber - what it was, was the direction and acting the poorly rendered punch lines. If so, Ham was as far as Kramer as Micawber, and so Ham was such a fierce setback and all that I had somehow expected to be seen by a villain and torch-moving gang of villagers. Uriah was almost as much of a narcissus as Micawber. Mr. Murdstone raised about as much terror as the Muppet Vampire of Sesame Street. The actor who plays older David was, I believe, a woman. Anyway, as if he always wanted to see him get a mirror to see how beautiful he looked, and he felt he was really looking pretty, he could hardly convince us that he was writing with a pen. And while we are on the subject, it turns out in one of the very rough inaccuracies committed by the half-white producers of this embarrassment, in the unnecessary shots of David who wrote his story that he was somewhere between 18 and 21 years old. was when he must be in his forties. Perhaps the biggest offense, although difficult to choose, is, of course, the invention between David and Murdstone if he ran a third woman in Switzerland, preceded by the invented death of Murdstone's second wife. While on it, it is a wonder that they did not send Heep to the guillotine, and let him deliver Sidney Carton's famous last words. It couldn't have made things much worse. It might have been much better. <br /> <br /> There is literally thousands of small and large sins against literature throughout this miscarriage, and anyone who sees it runs the risk of serious and permanent damage to all aspects of their sensitivity.
