London Dreams, directed by Vipul Shah, is a frustrating silly movie about foolish people. It's the kind of movie whose central conflict can be resolved immediately if the characters involved simply sit and chat. Ajay Devgan plays Arjun, an aspiring pop artist obsessed with performing a spectacular crowd in London's Wembley Stadium. He becomes jealous of his dedicated best friend and bandmate Manu, played by Salman Khan, who is apparently more talented than he is, but nowhere near or focused or ambitious. Arjun decides to sabotage Manu when the latter's popularity threatens to overshadow his own. Now here is where a heart can be helped. If Arjun explained what this Wembley fixation meant to him, Manu would have kindly backed up and made Arjun fulfill his childhood dream, and we would be warned to see the rest of this uninspiring bravery. But director Vipul Shah and his writers are not in the mood to give us any favors. London Dreams is full of unintentional hilarious gems, such as the back story of Arjun's grandfather, who committed suicide to be terrifying at a packaged Wembley concert. Or the ridiculous incident at a show where Manu has to take over the vocal responsibilities after a confetti of confetti, makes Arjun silent immediately. However, the idiot does not end there. In his efforts to publicize Manu publicly, Arjun uses his connections to get Manu on drugs. A Buxom group urged Manu to make some tequila shots with her, but replaced his salt with cocaine. Before you know it, Manu got the appetite for the addictive white powder and dipped it like a dinner. If it's not stupid enough, there's a rough scene later in which Manu is pursuing the girl to find out who is taking his orders. The quest ends in a dark London alley where the girl comes on her knees and pretends to do the petty so that Manu's girl who follows secretly deceives. Wait, there's more! Expect him to cry hysterically when Arjun cuts off his belt and banishes his merciless whip to banish all thoughts of romance or lust for the band's lead singer Priya (played by Asin) because nothing and no one should distract him from his musical goals. Too little inspired by Milos Forman's Amadeus to compare it to last year's Rock On!, Vipul Shah's latest is a bunch of melodrama that is as loose-headed as it is written. The film goes for wide-ranging humor, over-the-top emotions, and basically prefers subtle hardness. It works for Manu's character, with Salman Khan playing him purely and sweetly, but in the case of Arjun, Ajay Devgan comes out too passively with a show that is mostly internalized. However, when Arjun reaches boiling point, it leads to an uncomfortable pre-climax scene in which he teaches a packaged concert hall, and it is understandably punished with plastic bottles. Of the remaining throws there is not a friendly word I can say to Asin, which Ghajini practically relieved with her ebullient charm, but teasing here with unnecessary overtime in an ungrateful role. Ranvijay Singh and Aditya Roy Kapur, reduced to mere sidekicks in the band, regularly show up, usually to make a little dialogue like: "We'll rock it!" For his deadly writing and messy direction, London Dreams is finally a tiring watch. If you have to, watch it for Salman Khan, who has changed the buffoonery into a bona fide acting style. It's the only thing that will make you smile in this sad, sad movie.
