When this movie was first shown on television, I had great hope that we would eventually have a decent movie about World War I experienced by US soldiers. Unfortunately it is not. <br /> <br /> It had to be a good movie about WWI. Although made for television, it is clear that a real effort has been made to use appropriate equipment and props. But the writing and directing is badly lacking, although the makers of this movie of course borrowed from many well-made war films for free. War clicks are abundant like the arrogant general who does not seem to care about the lives of his men. When will Hollywood realize that, although there were many bad generals, most fighting generals saw themselves very contradictory and not naive about what the average grunt is experiencing? The first part of this movie was "Roads of Glory" with American uniforms. Except that "Paths of Glory" was emotionally gripping. Later there was Chamberlain's command (except uphill) of Gettysburg and even the reception of the American soldier by a ring of hostile soldiers of "The Thin Red Line". But in "The Thin Red Line" the soldier was alone if he was caught. In this movie, a ring around the new prisoner forms in the middle of a battle. <br /> <br /> If this movie used a military advisor, they ignored him. Although the actors (and I could never forget, they were actors watching) military tactics, I didn't see much. The American soldiers will rise to be shot while the Germans attacked. And the infamous Storm Troopers, who were apparently blind, apparently didn't use any tactics whatsoever in their attack. In the real war, the tactics that made successors so effective were. But the silliest scene was the attack of the German Flamethrowers. In this scene, the German firefighters ran in a broad line to the defending Americans. If it were, they would never have been close enough to use their flamethrowers before they were all dropped by the defender's dots. Well, most of the war movies are unrealistic in terms of the tactics shown. . But this is still disappointing. But what really turned me down was the typical anti-war anti-military corner that movies seem to be important. True, war is hell. But most American soldiers, though despondent and grabbing, tend to believe in what they do and can rather be about it. My grandfather served in the First World War. And even though he died four years before I was born, I said how proud he was of his service.
