Films with lead players put themselves on the back foot from the beginning. Although there are exceptions, most children can not only act, and even those who normally become irritating after a few minutes. The kids in Paperhouse have managed to catch the worst of both worlds, as they are both very annoying and they do not have an ounce of acting ability between them. In short; they are rubbish. This is not good as it is the leaders and it is especially good if you have the fact that it is virtually impossible to take this film seriously because of the rubbish. It is a pity that this film is such a dead loss, as the plot is not (not quite). It follows a young girl who, after drawing a picture of a house in her notebook, wakes up in the fantasy world she created. It soon becomes clear to her that she can manipulate this world through her drawings, and so it makes various changes until her dream finally becomes a nightmare. Oh, dear. <br /> <br /> As you can see, this plot line provides a good base for a good fantasy horror movie. However, it is wasted by a number of fatal errors. Firstly, despite the premise being an excellent starting point for many inventiveness; the movie is very old. The central plot is not played at all and the result is a totally boring experience. The lack of tension is another big gaping mistake in the movie, as it is suitable for dragging every row to a point you just don't care about (because of a lack of ideas). Thank you to his main characters, the film feels like a children's movie throughout. This is to be expected if it's star children, but Bernard Rose had to decide to put the slope he wanted on the story; as the horror in the movie is at best ridiculous. The film is also very cheesy, and the romance between the two leaders is extremely grim and makes it very painful to watch. If I had to summarize this travesty in one word, I'd choose to 'painfully'. Paperhouse acted poorly, legally outlined, lots of wheat and sowed over the whole. Save yourself the pain, see something else.
