The eternal Jew (Der Eige Jude) does not have what we would call the marks of a scientific document today, rather than calling experts or resources to support what it says, simply saying, without resistance, what we want to believe (One will admit that US news rules of that period are also much less regulated than they would be ethically for a modern audience, often bringing dramatized scenes and writing them as real-world news material). Add to this focused propaganda the fact that the filmmaker Hippler "preached to the converts". Not so much the Europeans are asking to hate the Jews to affirm the feelings that so many of them have already had to follow the holocaust that followed. The weakest link in the film's logic shows in his gear analogy, explaining the behavior of rats, and then adds something to the effect of "Well, Jewish people are so." Likewise, it characterizes Jewish people as ugly by showing ugly Jewish people compared to attractive gentiles; the accompanying leap of faith is that ugly is bad. The film appears to contradict him several times, for example, through the attacks of Western painters depicting Old Testament characters as light-headed Europeans; By this, the text recognizes that so-called "Hebrew" ethnicity is in fact a complex aspect of Christian culture. It also shows that ghetto Jews willingly live in uncontaminated dirt, despite the suspected treasure they have hung, and then flip-flops by saying that these unwanted people live in wealth and luxury as soon as they leave the ghetto. By the way, who wouldn't? Using scenes from a well-known American film, House of Rothschild, shows an equally unclear deployment of logic. First, the film is condemned as being made by Jews; then it is apparently used by Hippler to verify the deception of Jews (the aforementioned incidence of poverty by ghetto Jews, shown as a way of avoiding taxes, although the Rothschild character's "spin" is that the Jews are overloaded be); Eventually, the Rothschild movie is pointed out for implying that the well-known bank family found out the check account. This apparent impudence or American footage is shown positively or negatively, with repeated views, but at first sight it means a few dark movements. For all the imperfections of Eternal Jew I was initially surprised that the IMDb viewer rating for this movie is as high as it is, just ashamed of a "5" to date. I would say the reason is that EJ's documentary value has surpassed its original purpose and has given us a constant look at the lives of European Jews, as they would not be seen there for a few years. Needless to say the movie's very bad also gives a historical insight into bad, or just bad, movies as a propagandist's instrument. Over this time I have to expect director Hippler to be flip-flop again and jump forward to say, "That's what I meant to do!" The screens depicting animal slaughter are particularly horrific and show the same as definitely inhumane, as opposed to the intention of Kosher law to prevent animal suffering. I would like to see someone who watched the movie, and have some knowledge of these procedures, commenting on whether the depiction is correct.
