La Chute de la Maison Usher, or the Fall of the House of Usher, as it is known by English audiences, begins with Allan (Charles Lamy) heading to the Castle of his good friend, Sir Roderick Usher (Jean Debucourt) who a letter said that his wife Madeleine is sick. As soon as Allan Madeleine became very ill and her husband, Roderick, was determined and almost obsessed with painting her portrait. As Roderick paints, Madeleine becomes weaker and weaker, almost as if the picture were going to make her life, Allan tried to help his friend, but tragedy was soon to come. <br /> <br /> This French production was written, produced and directed by Jean Epstein and was the second of two filmed The Fall of the House of Usher adaptations in 1928. I do not know the original novel was published in 1839 no. I mean you're waiting 89 years for a filmed adjustment and two come together at the same time! Anyway, I feel I have a bit of trouble here, since I read a lot of positive comments about La Chute de la Maison Usher and maybe I'm not the right kind of person to comment on, but I have to say it just didn't do anything for me. I didn't like it, of course the first thing to say is that it is a silent movie and therefore it depends on images, but even so I thought the story was poor. I thought as a whole the movie was boring and boring, though it only took about an hour and it didn't do anything to me. La Chute de la Maison Usher is made almost 80 years ago and it is literally a lifetime. The world, the cinema and the taste have since moved a lot and I have not found any pleasure in this movie. I feel this movie is poorly dated and was probably not so good to start anyway. I never felt for any of the characters, I never cared for anything that was going on and I found it pretty boring to go through. I'm sorry to have had a quiet movie woman out there, but that's the way I felt. <br /> <br /> Director Epstein does an OK job, many people over the images in La Chute de la Maison Usher and I will freely admit that it certainly has the moment, but I thought they were little and far between. Shots of people's mouths move and don't actually hear what they say just seemed strange to me. I did not have the music and the version I saw had the original French language cards that were told by the man with the most terribly sounding thick French accent that was also to put down. Based on the story of Edgar Allen Poe, I doubt that it is very similar to that, except one or two basic elements, stick to the fantastic Roger Corman House of Usher with Vincent Price. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie was OK when it was made. You simply can't talk about acting, as no one ever speaks, although the movie is full of unnecessary exaggeration to try and imagine or reflect on what is happening, to some extent, but after a while. it just seems a little foolish. <br /> <br> La Chute de la Maison Usher will appeal to those who desire a lost period, living in the caves or holding in the past. For me I like my movies to have a story, not to tolerate me and to be healthy I'm sorry if the last statement sounds like an uneducated idiot, but that's how I feel. The world has continued since 1928 and for the better.
