Obviously the people who made 'Dead At The Box Office' love a B-movie horror. Exaggerated references to the genre are squeezed throughout, from stock characters (the authority figure who doesn't believe the invasive intrusion is really happening) to the discussions of Kevin Smith's style of Duane Jones' last moments of 'Night of the Living Dead' not to repeat once. only twice. <br /> <br /> It is more than love to make a good movie. <br /> <br /> Setting up and shooting is unaware and unattractive. While a general exhortation in the film school is to prevent 'Mastershot Theater', telling the story fully in a wide mastership, we find the front as in several sequences, it is difficult to find the spatial relationships between characters like the story is told. a series of medium shots without fixing to tie it together. Editing is an abomination and basic and sometimes there are unmotivated cuts. The lighting is flat and sometimes muddy, and makes the scenes in the dark theater difficult to make (was there lighting, or was it just with available light?). Some shots are out of focus. The dialogue is solid and the performances, mostly one-note (Isaiah Robinson shows some energy and screen presence as Curtis, and the co-player of the projectionist has some nice dicky line readings; Michael Allen Williams as theater manager and Casey Kirkpatrick as an enthusiastic film geek Eric has some nice moments). The premise is stupid, even for a B-horror movie. (This too is too bad. Dr Eisner was unaware of Project Paperclip - he could have made himself very difficult!). The 'zombies' are non-threatening, and their makeup is unconvincing (though the thick zombie is trying to get a gumball out of the machine, a smile has risen). For a zombie of film, there is very little blood or violence, but what is there is properly handled. The random music, while stylistically uneven, is sometimes nice, and there are some good foley effects. The 'Time Warp' parody was a fun listen, although the images associated with it were less fun to watch. Unfortunately, the spelled dialog sounds flat. Was this shot unsynchronized (doubtful, it looks like video through and through)? I watched the special presentation of Troma Films' Lloyd Kaufman in front of the main function - although it consisted mainly of Kaufman who applied his own good and admitted that he did not see the movie while someone in a Toxie mask beaten its production and entertainment values. higher than 'Dead ...' itself (aside from who puts the DVD together - the countdown on movie leader only beeps on the flash frame 2, not on each number plus one). For the case, the vampire movie theater players are seen early in 'Dead', a much more entertaining look than that. Recommendations to avoid, unless you know someone who is involved in the production or an inventive Lloyd Kaufman finalist (he plays "Kaufman the Minion" in the film-inside-a-movie). <br /> <br /> (Full disclosure: my girlfriend is an extra in this movie. I swear it didn't color my review.)
