A response to previous remarks made by residents of the region where this movie is in common: One person suggested that the closure and destruction of the Ocean View amusement park led to a downturn in the surrounding neighborhood. That is simply not true. Prior to the construction of Interstate 64, which bypasses the Ocean View area, the primary traffic route through the heart of Ocean View has gone. Once the interstates have been completed, Ocean View has quickly become a ghost town with business closures and an increase in crime. This led to a large decline in park revenue, which also faced new competition from the nearby Busch Gardens in Williamsburg. Meanwhile, the city of Norfolk has done a remarkable job over the past few years to promote redevelopment so that the area has become a prestigious place to build high-level housing. <br /> <br /> It was also said that the devastating footage of the roller coaster was used in the movie "Rollercoaster". This is also false. Footage was shot from two coach cars that cared for the movie, but the real explosions and collapse are exclusive to the "Death of Ocean View Park". <br /> <br /> As far as the film itself is concerned, the story of a "supernatural" power in the water next to the park was certainly stupid, but somewhat typical of B-grade movies of the time. With the role play involved, there should be no surprise that the scenery was practiced in almost every scene by the primary actors. I don't think this movie was meant to be another "Citizen Kane"; I believe Playboy was experimenting with a new non-nude format to determine if it was an area to expand the company (apparently!). A strange force in the water that caused strange events in an old amusement park probably sounded good at the conference table, but became unmanageable. The roller coaster and the rest of the park were in any case destined for the wreckage. "Let's come in a strange way to justify an explosive downfall!" <br /> <br /> For the occasional movie expert, it would be once and forgot "(except for Diana Canova fans), but for the thousands of people living in the region and lovely memories of the park This movie is like a "walk-down memory lane" for the footage of the park, as well as old footage from the center of Norfolk, the first "Harbourfest" and Old Dominion University, even a limited release of this movie on DVD will be welcome.
