It is often said that Tobe Hooper only got lucky with his creepy 1974 horror movie 'The Texas Chain Saw Massacre' and every time I see another Hooper movie, the show is only amplified. It seems as if Hooper wanted to make his own version of films such as Scanners and Firestarter in 1990 and so we end up with Spontaneous Burning; a movie with some good ideas and a whole load of other movies. Put it all together and you get a messy, boring movie that most people will do well to miss! The film leads the audience to believe that it can be half decent at first with an intriguing story that focuses on some experiments performed on the two young people in the fifties. The couple had a child and burned to death shortly afterwards because of the experiments done on them. Fast forward a few years and the baby is now an adult called Sam; but of course he is not a normal person and he soon finds out that he has the ability to get on fire. <br /> <br /> The movie stars Brad Dourif, who as a decisive choice should look like his success with Child's Play two years earlier; but was actually an uninspired decision, as the central performance is really terrible; and not helped by the terrible supportive actions. The tortuous direction and the dull script also do not make the movie a lot of favorites, and the tendency to lack in favor is continued by the special effects, which are very unrealistic and do not break down the movies that this one is. what everyone made a few years earlier. The plot is very slow and it is almost an hour before something happens, and I didn't even care. It soon becomes obvious which direction the movie is going in and it all comes down to the kind of boring end you will expect. The final confrontation is a great disappointment and nothing is really explained during the film. Not that any revelation would have been interesting anyway. Overall, this is a garbage film and another reason why Tobe Hooper is a long way from a major horror director. See Firestarter again instead.
