Bizarre Tobe Hooper exercise on an unhappy young man (Brad Dourif) with the ability to burn people. This ability stems from parents who participated in atomic experiments in the 50's. They die from Spontaneous Human Burns and it appears that Sam is starting to suffer because of these pills, his girlfriend, Lisa (Cynthia Bain), giving him to take for rough migraines. In fact, Lisa was told to manipulate Sam to take the pills by Lew Orlander (William Prince), almost the young man's father who raised him from a child. Lew has good plans. He sees Sam as the first "Atomic Man", a pure human-machine killer. Sam never wanted to do it and would do everything needed to silence those responsible for his condition. As the film goes, Sam's blood becomes slowly poisonous, green instead of red. It seems that water and other substances that often react from the fire get the opposite right when Sam's uncontrollable outbursts of flame ignite. Come find out, Lisa has Sam's condition whose parents also die from SHC. Dr Marsh (Jon Cypher), someone who has known Sam for some time as his doctor, is to insert toxic green fluid into their bodies, and I recommend raising flame levels. Nina (Melinda Dillon, an accent in and out) was Sam's parent friend and associated with the 50's experiments trying to discuss things with him about what's happening. And Rachel (Dey Young) is Sam's former wife who might work with her old husband with Lew and Marsh to harm him and Lisa. <br /> <br /> Quite a strange little horror movie, filled with a bit of terrible flame effects. Dourif tries to bring a tragic element and intensity to his character whose fate we continue to watch, as his body becomes slowly poisonous waste with fire often burning out of its openings. There is this big hole in his arm that flames out like a volcano and a massive focal point on his hand that eventually grows. The best scene is probably when director John Landis, who depicts a rude electric engineer, tries to inform Sam because the radio program he calls sounds for the night, becoming a victim of SHC. The movie never works right because it is so wild, with a sudden, ridiculous final where Sam offers to release Lisa from her fire by taking it from her.
