The title alone (along with the poster) is enough to give away the "The Projected Man" as a clear rip-off from The Fly. And Bryant Haliday, while it's much better than the typical IMDb review, you'd think is no one's idea of ​​acceptable entries for Vincent Price. Though, think about who would be unless Micheal Gough was available? Still, if you're in the mood to watch a British "Hammer" movie with a science fiction theme on a teleportation experiment, it's gone terribly wrong. Well, you may still want to give the "Projected Man" in the "remaining" bin at your local Wal-Mart for another teleporter accident movie. Because this one just isn't that good. <br /> <br /> Haliday owned his good movie from the MST3K team for his role in this movie and in "Devil Doll", but he's actually the best thing in TPM. Maybe he can't carry the movie, but he gets almost no help from the script. The script got some forward momentum, and it could be in a meal of nonsense about funding and university politics and a man named Lembach and some sinister cables that want the telecommunication machine to fail so they his secret can steal ... or something. All the dramatic sequences in the first half of the film include either calls or unconvincing special effects with transparent espresso machines and teleporting rats. Then, when poor Haliday is mutilated by his machine, he has to spend the last part of the film with a diaper over half of his face and rubber cement over the rest, exploding several London London people who coincide over his path. Tom Cruise and Eric Roberts who used bullhorns could not have done this work. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, all the other actors are trying to find life and interest in their roles for this turgid small project, but the script devours their efforts altogether. The corrupt project administrator eats and smokes and shoots in his phone after his extortionists, noticing that he looks like a werewolf in a two-piece and a Tattersall vest. Haliday's research assistant and ex-girlfriend has the least convincing romance in the history of the British horror theater. His secretary is forced to parade in her "little". Neither of them really works or gels in a real movie. And it's all just a little stop dead, and let the viewer go. "Oh, excuse, wasn't there an end here?" <br /> <br /> Yet, for all its problems, I can easily call a dozen horror movies of the same period that were so bad or worse, and so anyone else who follows movies (or what ever the IMDb "Bottom 100 "watched). I wouldn't actually pay money to own "Projected Man", but if it was included in a compilation with a dozen other movies in a DVD collection, I would probably feel good to have it. It's a harmless distraction, perfect for a horror movie film festival, to watch with friends while they use a lot of beer and snacks on Saturday night.
