Professor Paul Steiner conducts research on material transfer. He developed a machine that he could use to make an object such as a wristwatch or rodent disappeared, just to make that object come back to another place. But there are those at his research facility who do not like or approve of his experiments and will do everything necessary to see that he does not succeed. After a failed demonstration that could save his funding, Professor Steiner decides to test his machine on himself. As expected, things go terribly wrong and turn into a heavy scared man whose mere touch will kill. <br /> <br /> Looking back, maybe it wasn't such a good idea to look at the projected man again. the same week I looked at the fly, returning from the fly, and cursing the fly. There seems to be just as many movies about the transfer of matter and the possible terrible effects it can have on the human body that one person must be made to endure in a three or four day period. I'm not sure what those responsible for the movie list are as their source material for The Projected Man, but many of them are so similar to the Fly movies that it can't be coincidental. However, the projected man is not nearly as good as the worst of the Fly Trilogy. <br /> <br /> Apart from being incredibly original, the projected man has several other problems that really hurt the movie. A big problem I have is with Bryant Haliday in the lead. He's such a horse's ass that I don't just care about his suffering, I actually root for it. Supporting roles Mary Peach and Ronald Allen are almost as bad. They are so dull and boring that they hardly matter. In fact, there is very little to get excited about watching the projected man. The soundtrack ?? not very memorable. The look "I will describe much of it as" muddy. "The storyline predictable. The action ?? there is no. Overall, this is one to prevent. <br /> <br /> I watched the projected man through a copy of the Mystery Science Theater 3000 episode, funny things, though not an absolute, very often, the poorer movie, the better the MST3K riffs. Man hit I give it a very enthusiastic 4/5 on my MST3K rating scale.
