Posh Spice Victoria Beckham and her alleged new adventures after just moving to LA for work purposes (soccer female David is now a Galaxy LA player after his transfer from Real Madrid) were initially a complete series but were grateful to just one hour or so. But even in this form it is still staggering. <br /> <br /> Just like almost all the 'reality' TV shows, most of the incident is over as blatantly overdue, with the program even acknowledging that Posh's newly appointed personal assistant is an actress. An Ugly-Betty lookalike, we hear some ugly writings happening early on (with a clear joke about Becks' apparent dalliance with a previous and more glamorous PA Rebecca Loos, though her name is not mentioned not) with further sequels that include a fake blowjob to the paparazzi and hopeless attempts to hit a baseball. <br /> <br /> It could have been more fun if everyone recognized it, it was a piece of fluff, and had an act based or mimic in the lead. Number Impressionist Ronni Ancona would have been perfect and be better off Posh if Posh is herself, and if this more sensible decision is made, much more fun and entertainment would have followed. we left the right thing here (Mrs Ancona rejected the script anyway) and although there are strangely scattered attempts at self-decline and irony, it never works remotely due to prior information from La Beckham's considerable wealth in advance, and her non-ability to make jokes, despite the intention to send her image, Mrs. Beckham left as a level egoist, and her poor one-person staff didn't convince us that she had any humorous self-awareness. I suspect that as a more realistic documentary approach was used, namely Posh who runs any street in LA and is completely ignored (instead of the alternate scene halls of light hysteria here at the show) and associates make unwritten jibes about Th. . Named Loos, it might have made better TV, but sycophantic PR material would never bother one herself allowing such events to happen. <br /> <br /> This made the later scenes where she made a special appearance at the baseball stadium where she was carelessly presented to an uninvolved crowd. It will be tough times if she wants to make it in Hollywood. Her colleague Scary Spice (also known as Mel Brown) also found it impossible to make it big in film capital, despite her relationship (which was not completed) with the big name Eddie Murphy. <br /> <br /> Of course, the Spice Girls was a great successful bubblegum pop group in the mid-1990s, more so in their native Britain, but still popular in other countries, including the US. They were definitely great fun at their glory peak (1997) when there was a glorious period of optimism in the UK with Cool Britannia and a new Labor government looking the Spice Girls ed to summarize better than anyone else right now, even though it's a bit manufactured. But they were never outstanding musical or singing talents, and British optimism soon disappeared later that year (the starting point was probably the tragic death of Princess Princess herself. Their presence on the music and entertainment scene soon became repetitive and obvious lying down, and if they had all been quietly thrown out of the public eye to enjoy their destiny, we would all have had pleasant memories encrypted on our minds without any guilt, unfortunately, the appearance of the frightening celebrity culture in the United Kingdom until the beginning of the millennium paid to all the imaginations, and we all suffered thousands, or not millions of stories about the spices ever since, Posh is the worst offender, with the rest of her colleagues not too far behind. announced that there will soon be a reunion tour, which is baffling as they have never been away and they definitely have no additions g for their swelling bank accounts. Maybe it's because two of them are struggling with single mothers. Maybe? Well, it's time for Becks' adventures on a revelatory documentary next, I can hardly wait ............. <br /> <br /> Rating: 2 out of 10.
