I tend to love everything Paul Naschy (the great) Paul Everchy ever had. Although not all of Naschy's films are great, they all have a specific charm that is not found anywhere but in Naschy flicks, and they are always entertaining. However, there is no rule without exception, but as "El Mariscal Del Infierno" aka. "The Devil's Own" (1974) proved. While the movie has the specific Naschy-flick charm, it unfortunately gets too much and really gets boring in between. Naschy stars as evil Baron Gilles De Lancré, who suppresses people and uses black magic and bloody rituals to stay in custody. When Gaston de Malebranche (Guillermo Bredeston) fought against the British along Gilles De Lancré, he learned about the Baron's evil behavior, decided to turn his former comrade into arms and help people free themselves from the satanic baron's tyranny ... <br /> <br /> Targeted by Leon Klimovsky, best known for describing Naschy in "La Noche Die Walpurgis" (1971), the film is written by Naschy himself. Naschy has often written his own films, and one has to say that he usually did a better, more original work than was the case. "El Mariscal Del Infierno" is mostly built as a historical adventure rather than a Horror movie, and it gets bored all over the middle. It often looks like the 50's Sword and Sandal movies, just that this movie is in the Middle Ages. The Satanic part is probably only added because the great Paul Naschy's name is linked to the Horror genre. The film has its good parts: Paul Naschy gives strange speeches, Paul Naschy looks weird, Paul Naschy does satanic things, Paul Naschy tortures innocent victims, etc. But unfortunately most of the film focuses on the boring hero and the good guys. these moments are boring. The female roles are nice to look at, but unlike most Naschy films, this one has no nudity and sleaze. There is a bit of gore, but it looks mostly clumsy and is not so nice to watch, as in most other Naschy films. Overall, "El Mariscal Del Infierno" is just a look for my fellow Naschy enthusiasts. There are dozens of films that advocate the Spanish Horror deity, to be seen before, such as "El Jorobado De La Morgue" (1973), "La Orgia De Los Muertos" ("The Hanging" Woman, 1973), "El Espanto Surge De La Tumba ", 1973," Latidos De Panico "(" Panic Beats ", 1983)," Rojo Sangre "of the" Waldemar Daninsky "werewolf films, SKEUR, Paul Naschy, legends never die!
