It is quite clear that the director and production team paint a less flattering image of the Palestinian girl and her family. The film and its website try to imply that Ayat has a secret reason to blow herself and Rachel, a boyfriend's problem - maybe pregnancy. Likewise, the fact that Ayat had only seen the death of a good friend in the hands of the Israelis - just outside her home. So, on earth, would a young, smart, intelligent girl with college plans do something like that? Could it be that the hormonal, emotional teenager is traumatized by seeing someone she loved before her eyes? All this detail deserves 5 seconds in the movie. Another neat detail is that Avigail Levy, Rachels's mother, could have prevented the destruction of the building that the Akhras family had (along with 22 other families). One gets the impression that she offers it as a "concession" - as Mrs. Akhras agreed to talk to her. "Why should I?" She said. (Since the film was made, the house was destroyed. The interview apparently did not lead to what she wanted - so bring the bulldozers up.) Mrs Levy claims she wanted the movie to be cathedrals as well as a symbol of Hope, a chance to outstrip hedged hatred ". Instead, she uses it as an excuse to chase the Ayats mother while the house is rooted. Although the two women only live 4 miles apart, She is so in touch with the realities of the profession for her Palestinian neighbors, that she really thinks that Mrs. Akhras can only get over for a cup of coffee? Please, and she forfeits one chance she must personally meet and see Akhras what kind of life she lives in. (The Akras family originally came from Jaffa, but now live only in a refugee camp, just 4 miles from where the Levys live in comparative luxury. Every sympathy I would have had for the natural Good to do Mrs Levy was solved by her air of righteous bitch ell, Ayat's mother comes so kind, straight and loving - despite the best efforts of the post-production crew to paint her and her family as monsters. Even the music and sound design was one-sided. I think the muezzin sings every day 4 miles from the Levy family home, always in a sharp contrasting key to the juicy new music that makes this documentary excuse. There is also the small matter of translations. Mrs. Levy addresses the camera directly in English if she does something to say something, Hebrew when she doesn't. Mrs. Arakras only spoke Arabic which sometimes had a TRANSLATION, SOME TRANSLATION, always uncomfortable and very presumably for a so-called objective film. They also "sweated" under the lights while Mrs Levy was in the air. editing for mrs. Akhras' segments too. I gave it a 2 because I loved Ayat's mother and father, who looked like good decent people. Shame on HBO, producers and director, to release such a stink bomb.
