Welcome to our town, welcome to your town? As we are introduced to the 1901 American world, these three plays are opened before us with the help of "The Stage Manager", a visual narrator if you like. After his first introductions we are led to the homes of two particular families; The Webb's and the Gibb's. <br /> <br /> It is definitely Middle America at the beginning of the century and the progressive way of life of the American Dream and the saccharine overtones that may seem a little bias in this dream. Here we see the everyday life of some of the 2642 population of Grover's Corners, New Hampshire, even though there are the alien workers who add another 500, they are numbers. They never get an impression. <Br /> <br /> Once the daily lives of these families are established; women cook, children homework, fathers work, children fall in love and clean pick fences painted white, the second act starts three years later, after young George (a young and unrecognizable William Holden, then 22 years old) and Emily has fallen in love and plans to marry. Blooming love birds reaching for the stars and reaching a turning point in their own lives, from the nest they lived, and now, in the agony and misery of young adulthood, they walk nervously. The third act is slightly acidic and predecessor. It is in this act that the film intentions become visible. Here we do not see life, not celebration, but death. And it is in this trouble that the dead, as they return to see and reconcile their own lives, are here to remind us to tell us that life and every last minute should not waste and waste every precious breath do not become. <br /> <br /> It is in this last third that the films' own political stance also seems clearer, feels more of a propaganda stunt on the moral lecture on and through America and how it should be home and how it should be. It's not just about "our" town, it's moral density aimed at "our" souls and how America can improve itself as its peoples "(excluding Poland, Irish, Native American and liberated ethnic minorities) and minorities "In general, plus the supportive backbone of Americans, who have not yet had a fair role in this story), like the middle classes, can meet the expectations of the American Dream through honest, decent life. Providers of the American Dream with a special invitation. <br /> <br /> I was also slightly entertained by this movie, but I felt that his story had a bigger impact than anything that took part in it, though the fine acting, the musical score or how good or not, it's made. It was the movie's intention to exclude other groups and to think of the Webb's and the Gibb's in the future of the developing country of the USA, a good movie but also a bit of bias in their attitude, . <br /> <br /> From the play of American-born Thornton Wilder (1897 - 1975), this Pulitzer Prize winner, and the six Oscar-nominated film, focus on the eternal movement of life and its three main features ; Life, love and death, the film translation on celluloid comes as a slight direction of social consciousness. Our village starts with what a lesson in resentment looks like, like other towns. There is nothing too exciting here ever. If anything, this town has just the "right kind of people", you can unlock your back door here. , we see the developing lives of these two families, but it is their moral and social attitude that is more important than themselves. Our town may just be "Any Town" just as long as you came from the right side of the town.
