I picked up Time Changer because it looked like a nice, low-budget scifi time series movie and I was in the mood for something like that. The description said it had something to do with some Biblical things and time travel, but I didn't expect a fundamentalist Christian movie! <br /> <br /> The movie had decent special effects and an interesting starting point that could have left places and was much more interesting than it was at last. Our hero, who is a Bible professor from the 1890s, eventually travels after the 2000s and finds that modern life is filled with the influences of evil - Jesus is nowhere to be found. This great technological achievement is achieved with the help of a fellow teacher who somehow managed to find a functional HG-Wells time machine. The film, at this stage, is beginning to have some credibility, which is unfortunate, because it happens very early in the film. Earlier (or maybe later, we can't remember), our heroes professor saw how it was taught to be a science class where he claimed that scientific findings could only be considered valid if they match what the Bible says. What is obvious to everyone is that it is clearly not what the scientific method is about, but it is presented in such a way that the filmmakers prefer the view that science is only useful if it supports their claims and otherwise is not useful. <br /> <br /> In any case, faith is completely valid and meaningful in the context of the character of the time. So, if we accept it as the fact of life for these Bible professors, then the professor who has gone through the time and found out is not a very strong believer, because I don't think there is any evidence (and no one is offered) not) for the physics of the time traveling in the Bible. So immediately there is a problem with mixed messages and credibility there, but never mind. <br /> <br /> After the professor is convinced to take the leap in the future, the shock of modern technology is well treated in most cases. incidents. It was also nice not to break it down to an exact year (as the character reads the date of a newspaper to himself, a horny car and fears he won't finish the date. is just two thousand and ... * toet *). However, some of the shocks have gone too long. For example, the car was one of the first things he experienced when he arrived. Two days later he was invited to a church movie night and drove in a bus. He puts his head out of the window as a dog might be, scared by the headlights and the starter motor, etc. It was a bit off as he was there for a few days and the city was quite busy. Anyway, it's easy to ignore. The rest of the technology shock was well done - especially his first encounter with the delayed TV because he didn't even know what it was like before he saw a child watching one and using a remote device. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, our hero is predictably predictable for almost everyone he meets as if he is an authority on all life and religion, just because he is a past and an elder. Eventually he got himself in the spotlight for a short while at the church. He visited to explain his concept of Christianity to them in a long monologue that was supposed to move and be informative, but mostly just the same. A few men in the church are beginning to get a funny feeling about this man (figure out) and examine his name. They eventually concluded that he was either a time traveler or personified this long dead Bible professor and decided to find out what it was. The film judges these guys as non-believing bad guys to be skeptical. <br /> <br /> Just before the professor goes back to his own time, he is confronted by the two men. In an effort to prevent him from being arrested or ripped off, he eventually breaks into an almost crazy rage over how soon Jesus comes and is a prophet so that they should listen to him. Just in time he became aware and one of the men wondered if it was the rapture he had heard so much about. <br /> <br /> The irony is that it essentially means that the professor is a self-proclaimed and probably false prophet claiming that the rapture was near and that he was sent by God when he sent truth through his fellow professor and did not have any God-given knowledge. br /> As I understand it, Revelation claims that the time of the end is just for God to know and at the end of the movie we see the inventor professor trying to (and not) a Bible in the send future. First 2080, then 2070, etc. As the scene fades. Obviously he is trying to determine the exact date of the end time - which he cannot know! In essence, the whole assumption of the movie itself is excluded because it is so persistent on their religious beliefs and how certain things are for God alone to know, that means there could never be a time machine in the first place, because then could mankind find out something that only God must know! The whole movie's prospect collapses and basically makes the whole thing worthless because it ultimately undermines its own credibility.
