You know all the letters sent to "Father Christmas" and "Jesus" every year? Well, it seems that they aren't actually being delivered, but dropped into a half-forgotten corner of the post office to rot, unless some bright spark points out a way to place them. As bizarre settings go, it's a winner and one that perfectly fits the strange movie "Dead Letter Office". This is, of course, an Australian movie as opposed to a British one. If it was Royal Mail, most letters would get this kind of treatment anyway. I haven't been in this apartment for two years and we still get letters for a Mr. Wang, a female priest of the Last Day Church, I never heard and addressed several catalogs for industrial equipment to a plumbing company . <br /> <br /> "Dead Letter Office" follows the story of Alice (Miranda Otto) growing up in a severely divided house. Write to her absent father, she only learns in adulthood that her letters have not been delivered for some reason. So, logically she gets a job at the D.L.O. and find herself with other social rejections including the breeding Chilean immigrant Frank Lopez (George Del Hoyo). Slowly she finds herself attached to him, but can she find out where her father is without bringing the self-contained world of the Dead Letters Office to his knees? <br /> <br /> Nothing against this movie, but I am reminded of the god-horrible Heather Graham movie "Committed" while it is being watched. However, it is so much better than that stack of horsehole, but then it's not difficult. For a start, this movie is much more logical. True, the metaphors are somewhat blatant and the flowing symbolism quickly becomes a flood. But it is at least coherent and stupid without being completely. It also performed well. Both Otto and Del Hoyo are great as the lovers are looking for something they know will never get, while other characters are at their best peripheral. Part of the trouble is that it looks way too fast, which makes this viewer somewhat disappointed. The other side is that when you consider the Australian draconian immigration policy (ie if you don't speak English, rack!), Such a story is unlikely to actually happen. The other characters, unfortunately, also help to destabilize realism by proving that they are no more than strange ball stereotypes. <br /> <br /> Despite this, "Dead Letter Office" is definitely something different. It may not be for everyone's taste, but I enjoyed it. Yes, it was hackneyed and predictable, but sometimes it is nice to watch a movie without guns or violence or heavy curse and nudity (no chance of it in an Australian movie). There is no big laugh, there is no Bullet Time and the characters are usually one-dimensional. But this is the story that counts here and while it does not ruin its greatness, it is a pleasant enough way to pass the time. It's the movie equivalent of a Sheryl Crow CD - nice to listen to, but you really won't miss it if it wasn't there.
