Cassavetes was clearly an intelligent, sensitive man with brave new ideas to make films. He wanted to be an author, breaking away from the boundaries of the system and bringing a new realism to the American cinema. For that I complained to him. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, as a member of his audience, I can't dress a woman under the influence. Cassavetes had what was a fascinating subject (a mad woman) and somehow managed to produce a dull film, filled with long, ad-libbed ranting and stretched scenes. He seems to have had a gift to capture the most beautiful moments of a person's life on film, and it often looks as if he just turned the camera on his family and ran the car. This tactic would be acceptable if Cassavetes caught something devastating. Actually - or even a core of something so real it touched the heart in a way that a conventional movie couldn't. Yet I found the performances, especially Rowlands, to be artificial. I never believed for a moment that she was really mad. I met people who were really spiritually disturbed, but I have never been one of them like Gena Rowlands in a woman under the influence. She played it like a very unpleasant, unrestrained woman who was drinking a lot, and even that was confusing because we only drank her (at first), but she was getting drunk for the rest of the movie. There are a few moments in which she is actually scratching something, but those moments are few and far between; she fails to maintain a seamless, spiritually disturbed character. Again, I applaud her efforts, but the effort alone is not enough to make the performance ring true. <br /> <br /> Newest audiences that happen to see this movie and see its high IMDb rating will no doubt be forced to love it and rate it highly, just to prove they're getting it. "But don't be reviewed by the hype - judge for yourself. Like Woody Allen, John Cassavetes can be accused of solipsism in his film production, which apparently finds his own psyche and his own life experiences so endlessly fascinating that he could not imagine it to others, they presumably and annoyingly appeared self-sufficient. But Woody Allen at least proved a gift to entertain an audience. He knows that a compelling story structure and a good dose of humor are essential to any movie. If Cassavetes had a self-discipline (and a sharp few editors!), A woman could have had a chance under the influence. But what is the point of making a 'realistic' film as the only people who can put it through, are the artists and film students who worship Cassavetes as a kind of anti-settle deity? Without immersing myself, I believe Cassavetes could have made a Woman more accessible by moving the pass with a real plot, instead of presenting a series of 30-minute scenes of ad-libbed arguments. If you just make movies for yourself and some of your fans, you just reach the already converted ones. Look at this movie with your own set of eyes and make your own decisions about it. If you're really surprised and fascinated, it's good for you.
