From actor and independent writer / director John Cassavetes, a woman under the influence gives the viewer a glimpse of a working class family with a problem of spiritual instability. The man Nick (played by Peter Falk) is a blue collar worker who has problems with his wife, Mabel (played by Gena Rowlands), the amount of attention she deserves. From the start of the film, it is clear that Mabel is very strange and strange, but just a few minutes later, it is clear that she is much more than that. Crazy. Bonkers. From her damnation. Nick is trying hard to hide it from his co-workers. After having a particularly strange incident at dinner, he asked her if she would be good, as if trying to deny Mabel's illness. Her problem is just from there. <br /> <br /> I found some problems with this movie. I think these problems were mostly present in the story, and the way some of the characters came to the end. Mabel is dedicated because honestly, she is nuts. Then, six months later, she is ready to leave the hospital, and her husband throws a party to welcome her back. He's never stupid at the beginning of the movie. Why would he invite all these people, some of them strangers to Mabel, to his house if his wife is in such a frail state? This is simply idiotic. Later, after Mabel came home, Mabel's father had a big eruption at Nick and screamed on top of his lungs not to eat spaghetti. His daughter has just returned from six months of rehabilitation, and the thing you want to do is keep her calm and he spends on spaghetti? A few minutes later in the film, Nick Mabel puts in the stairwell and forces her to do the things she did when she was spiritually unstable; make her strange sounds and gestures. Didn't he send her there to make her better and not do those things? There were several other parts that took place afterwards, but it would just be superfluous to look at them in more detail. I think I just had a serious problem with Cassavetes' decision to make his characters act like this. It simply didn't make sense. <br /> <br /> But while I was having trouble with the end of the movie, there was one aspect that really saved it; the acting. Gena Rowlands played a wonderful crazy woman. There were times when I forgot that she was acting, where I was so caught up in her wild gestures and crazy talks that I was really scared of her. She was incredibly convincing and intense. However, I was also impressed by the rest of Mabel's family. Peter Falk played a very strange character, and I almost thought he was crazy about handling the kids, his work and especially the situation with his wife. I also usually do not appreciate child actors. But the youngsters who played Nick and Mabel's children in this movie were phenomenal. It really felt like they were Mabel's children, because they were so attached to her and were so interesting to help her with her problem. I think their performances are one of the things this movie has held together, and without them, it would have made the movie less realistic and less intense. <br /> <br /> Overall, I wasn't impressed with this movie. The story was jumbled and unclear, and the characters acted in ways that made me wonder who was not in the movie. The only saving grace was the brilliant main roles of the Longhetti family. Their realistic dialogue and powerful acting kept the film together, and is probably the only reason why the movie ever went to anything.
