In a woman under the influence Mabel gets crazy, but I can see why she is crazy. If I lived that kind of life, she lived with the family, I was too crazy. Everyone in her family is off their rocker and not quite with it. She is constantly surrounded by people shouting at her and telling her what is best for herself and people who are not the sharpest knives in the drawer. <br /> <br /> Starting with one person closest to her in her life, her husband, Nick, is a bit of his rocker. He always yells to her when he's home, and tells her how to live her life and to stop acting like an imbecile. For the rest of the time he works long hours at his job and he is not there to support her when she needs support. The one person in her life who must always be there for her is never there and if he is, he just makes her worse. She trusted him for support and always went to him when she felt she was wrong and he did nothing to support her. When she comes out of the hospital, he just tells her how to act, instead of comforting her. He just screamed for her and told her what to do. <br /> <br /> The other great people in her life are her parents. Her parents do nothing for her in her life. Mabel basically runs their lives because they are afraid to stand up and stand up for her. Eventually she asked her father to stand up and understand, and if he did, he didn't do anything. They do nothing to help Mabel repair or stop them from going crazy, because they do nothing for her time. The only person trying to do something to her is Nick's mother. Nick's mother is determined to allow Mabel. She didn't want Nick's deal with it, so she linked the doctor. Everyone seems to be against Mabel and they feel that they are dedicated to them, is a good idea, because then they will no longer have to deal with them. Everyone wants to live their own lives and do nothing for Mabel, except they shout at her and make her feel like she's doing something wrong if she really isn't. That's why she got mad, and why she had to be dedicated, it was her family's entire fault.
