Must be titled "Balderdash!" Little in the film is true except the name of the island and the fact that submarines were involved. Less than film quality training with poor camera work, muddy stock image and perhaps the low point of stereotyping "Japs" with Japanese believers laughing, Japanese fighter jets and one-dimensional square Americans who die left and right are laughing. Sixty years later, it is unintentionally funny as a strange artefact and as an opportunity to see what is possible when the war fever is on you. The plot and dialogue reminded me of the gun on a summer afternoon in my childhood, which hit the neighbor's fence to get a fatal advantage on my best friend, Steve and my little brother. In fact, the Makin Island attack was an almost total failure with Carlson and his men wandering in the dark, swapping firearms with shadows until they were finally thirsty and totally disoriented, looking for someone to surrender before they a similar confused Japanese happened to soldiers who immediately surrendered to them! In the withdrawal, some of Carlson's Marines landed on another island and were deserted! Of course, the film can't tell the story, not in 1943, so this bit of fright was produced and rushed to release for beating drums. With Randolph Scott and his jaw, as Colonel Thorwald (Carlson) who led a unit that is almost entirely made up of stock carriers, the green yard (Harry Landon, Robert Mitchum), the grizzled veteran (J. Carroll Naish, Milburn Stone, Sam Levene), the country bumpkin (Rod Cameron), the all-American boy (Alan Curtis), and numerous snares (when they didn't laugh) 'Japs'. And yet the throw throws the material almost over. Almost. Randolph Scott's narrow range is well suited for his role as a serious commander and is backed by a solid team of professionals who do their best with thin gruel. But in the end, the one-note win is the object of the exercise. Any pretext is completely overlooked when Randy Scott simply looks directly into the camera and calls a rudder (good). The cast was better than this material. So was the audience. Must be seen with Reefer Madness and a bottle of moderate Merlot.
