DVD has become the equivalent of the old late-night dual account, the last chance to get old movies on the verge of being completely forgotten, such as The Border. There were great expectations for this back in 1982 ?? A script written together by The Wild Bunch's Walon Green, Jack Nicholson, in the days when he could still perform without semaphore, and Tony Richardson (Harvey Keitel, Warren Oates, Valerie Perrine) spent power at that time) ?? But now it's not even on TV. The material certainly offers a rich seam of possibilities to comment on the 80's American dreams of capitalism and conspicuous consumption, while Nicholson's border patrol is a blind eye to the strange drug deal or a little people dealing with his wife's relentless materialism until it is rediscovered. his conscience when he finds out his partners is also in the baby sales business. Unfortunately, he never gets his hands really dirty and barely even becomes a blind eye before his decency rises to the surface. The film always feels watered as if too much is being rewritten and too many committees have uprooted it, and unfortunately the recent DVD release is a missed opportunity to restore the original, nihilistic end where Nicholson runs over the edge and fire bombs. The Border Patrol Station It has been cut after preview audiences have found it too few, but still appearing prominently in the movie trailers. <br /> <br /> While it was probably not too convincing to consider how low key Nicholson's conscience is in the movie, it had to be better than the rough reshot climax where the movie leaves the logic and even the basic rules of continuity: at one point he keeps characters on the rifle, then he is somewhere else and they try to kill him, one character goes from injured at his home to jumping like a gazelle on the banks of the Rio Grande while Valerie Perrine its character is thinning on an exponential level. The villains of the piece are thrown away with absurd ease (and one impressive car tire) in time for a cowardly edited happy ending and you start wondering if you have somehow found yourself watching another movie. What makes it all the more bulky is that the rest of the film is so flat and sublime that the sudden sting in the melodrama is increasing. Unfortunately, Ry Cooder's beautiful title song, Across the Borderline, says it's much more economical. But if you want to know the movie's real crime, it wastes Warren Oates in nothing at all. If he can't even make an impression, you know something is really wrong. All in all, too easy to remember why I forgot it at the time.
