This film deals with child abduction from the point of view of a mother (lisa heart man black) acting like a man would in an action thriller. Unlike other movies where the focus is on the police, the mother is tracing her ex-husband kidnapping her son. She gets help from her lawyer who eventually falls in love with her. <br /> <br /> Before she finally catches up with her son, there are many bizarre things happening. The mother tries to take a child who, like her son, plays from a local children's play at a community theater. She's caught, and then realizes it's not her child. This alone would have most people found in the Mental Mistake or a few months in prison waiting for trial. In this movie, however, the mother was released after a few hours because the victim's parents felt sorry for her. A short while mom went to her mother-in-law's house and then the police came and they aimed their guns at her, but they let her run away because they recognized her (and sorry for her?). <br /> <br /> At another point in the story, they found the child, but when the police came looking for the house, they seemed to have left the back door and on a boat in the river came. escape such an emergency! The mother gets someone to give her a raft, and although it takes quite some time (in a real world), she and the lawyer boyfriend and the police have entered the other raft relatively quickly and that is upside down in the water at landing. Instead of getting out of the raft to look for the Dad on the land, she suspects that he has drowned the boy and she jumps into the water when she sees his jacket. Of course she can't swim and sink like a rock. The lawyer saves her, but they miss a chance to run to the Dad. At one point the mother is told that her son died at a clinic in Mexico. Up and down, and where it stops, no one knows! In some ways, this movie really uses child abduction and it is not very positive. On the other hand, if you see a woman, all the crazy things people do in these movies is fun (or funny?).
