To review this movie, I must quote the memorable scene in Tarantino's "Pulp Fiction" (1994) when Jules and Vincent talk about Mia Wallace and what she's doing for life. Jules tells Vincent that "The only thing she's worth doing was a pilot". Vincent asks: "What hell is a pilot?" and Jules goes into a very good description of what a TV pilot is: "Well, the way they perform is that they make one show. This show calls a" pilot. Then they show the show. the people showing, And on the strength of one they show if they are going to make more performances, some pilots are selected and become television programs, some do not become nothing, she is in one of the ones who has become nothing "Now to stretch what Jules was talking about, there are billions of television programs / pilots that have never been broadcast, because they were simply ... well, good. Probably the most notorious pilot in mind is "W * A * L * T * E * R", a spin-off to "M * A * S * H" with Gary "Radar" Burghoff as the lead. Hmmm, would anyone really want to watch Radar for half an hour to solve crimes? That's why the show was never picked up. What many people do not know (or what they thought they knew) is that pilots are almost never shown in the air, because they are being strictly applied to the television networks to decide. Some overtook them and climbed to the air. The pilot for the animated series "American Dad" comes in mind, as the series' serial itself only started four months later. But there were times. Everyone should be happy with pilots, never make it in the air, and that's why. <br /> <br /> "Black Bart", a supposed band with the Mel Brooks comedy classic, "Blazing Saddles", is a birthday "Saddles" was a controversial comedy, but it's racist humor and vulgar comedy. "What did the idiot decide to make it a great television program for PRIME TIME TV?!" I say "suppose" because none of the memorable characters of the movie, except Bart, was in this mess of a TV show not. Mel Brooks was not even involved in the production of the series and it was the first mistake in a long line (In a related story I recently found out about a unaired TV pilot for a series based on movie clerks Vin Smith was not involved .... you see what happens!). <br /> <br /> Say somewhere about the same time as the movie (or not at all), the story circle around the only black sheriff in the wild west, named "Black" Bart, this time through the future Oscar winner, Louis Gossett Jr., is played, of course, before his time in "real" acting while playing a G-rated Richard. Pryor. Most of the other characters are carbon (if not really bad). Copies of the characters in the movie: Jim, The Waco Kid was replaced by a similar looking character, named Reb Jordan, a former Confederate soldier who is fast with the gun. Lilian Von Schtupp is now Belle Buzzer, a more ripoff of the character that she is a show dancer and a German with a Marlene Dietrich-type accent and personality. While it's almost in the end, the leading 'bad guy' in the story is Fern Malaga, played by Noble Willingham. Whoever I accepted would have been Hedley Lamar if Warner Bros had the rights to the name. "Blazing Saddles" and his son Curley ... I don't think Taggart I suppose? The story is a bad excuse for a sitcom, much less a pilot. Bart deals with the mayor's drunken son and he is out of control of the town that turned the town. Really, it's a story that tries to introduce all the characters in the "series" and doesn't focus on the variety and context it will make a "good" show. I can't really call it a sitcom (and even if I wanted to) and it's mainly because it's shot in the background at Warner Bros. Studios and later created a laugh track. The show is almost like "M * A * S * H" (complete with a dim and dull "lag" identical to the series). The play is so-so, but there is one part that always makes me laugh and that is when the actor playing Reb Jordan almost seems to forget his lines and tries really hard to remember them while trying to get a piece dialogue. HA! The writing is pretty boring and attempts to make racism more humorous than it was in the movie. (Surprisingly, they use the word "N *** there" many times through a 22-minute episode, rather touching the time period and even today) and it is repetitive. <br /> <br /> If you ever get your hands on this invisible piece of sssss ... surly interesting novelty article, just look for the feel of watching pilots (This is on the collector's edition of "Blazing Saddles "God knows why." There you get the first hand for the reason why many movie pilots never fly.
