It was difficult to put through this horrible heretic adjustment of Sherlock Holmes. Apparently Matt Frewer was thrown because he was tall and slender. His skull-like face made a good zombie in the Dawn of the Dead remake, but like Sherlock Holmes he looks like a scarecrow. Not only does Frewer have a long, unpleasant walk that is difficult to watch, but he seems uncomfortable in the stereotypical Holmes coats he wears. Not only that, but while the coat is gray, they can't seem to get a matching cap. So its cap is black and it looks as if it is made of polyester. Whatever the cap, it looked very new and artificial. Jeremy Brett occasionally wore the traditional outfits, but Brett didn't have to dress like Sherlock Holmes to watch the part. Frewer on the other hand is painful to watch. Even in the full "Holmes" outfit, he doesn't wear himself like Sherlock Holmes. <br /> <br /> Frewer's careless face shines all the time spitting on and in a very bad "Upper-Crust" British accent. is painful to see and to listen to. To say that Frewer persuaded is an understatement. After completing every sentence with a kind of nasal hum, he cut as if it were a kind of British trait. When I started watching it, I thought it might be a comedy with Wishbone, the Jack Russell Terrier. I thought Frewer was thrown as a kind of foil for Wishbone. But unfortunately there is no dog in this movie, except for Frewer. Wishbone would have made this movie much better. <br /> <br /> Not only does Frewer's version of Sherlock Holmes not stop but he is very friendly and friendly. Frewer always smiles at the witnesses he speaks, and he is so polite and polite that he can learn at a charismatic place instead of a sled. Perhaps, as it is a Hallmark Channel production, they are trying to make a children's version of Sherlock Holmes. (Wishbone was also better off), it was kindler and softer. Whatever the point of Frewer's interpretation of Sherlock Holmes, is flatter than a pancake, and easily the worst version of Sherlock Holmes I've ever seen (including the previous worst by Charlton Heston). <br /> <br /> Overall, the tone of this movie is terrible. This reminded me of a typical episode of Barnaby Jones or Murder She Wrote of Diagnosis Murder. All the suspects acted suspiciously and touched the victims before the victims. Holmes and Watson explain each clue to each other throughout the movie. Even on Murder she wrote, there is less exposition. <br /> <br /> This Sherlock Holmes doesn't even match Jim Rockford's Rockford files and it's miles below Columbo. The terrible dialogue is probably the author's fault. Clearly, anyone who ever wrote this scripture is very little familiar with Sherlock Holmes, especially the BBC version with Jeremy Brett. This movie has the atmosphere of an episode of Little House on the Prairie. The fact that the actors seem to be smearing when expressing their lines in their false accent does not help. <br /> <br /> The only small brightest spot is Ken Walsh who plays Doctor Watson with some dignity. Walsh does not relieve it in comparison to Frewer, and when he often interviews witnesses, his attitude and style of conversation are much more natural and credible. Unfortunately, the rest of the cast is amateurish, and the visual cues they give are brilliant and make faces one to the other (to show that they are suspicious) is something I have not seen in any modern film.
