I'm going to write about this movie and about "Irreversible" (the (famous) scene). So you're warned if you haven't seen the movie yet. It's just my mind, why do I think the movie fails (in the playoffs). <br /> <br /> Acting, Rosario Dawson is really good and carries almost someone who depicts almost a decade younger (a teenager in other words). The villain is good, but loses his "evil" touch right before the end. If he really never changed, why would he have a woman tied him up? He wouldn't, period. Then we also have the barman / 2nd rape dude. Actually, I don't think you'll need him. At least not for the 2nd rape, but more about it later. <br /> <br /> Let's propose the story again. Rosarios's character is sexually insecure, can even have lesbian tendencies (see her scene with a female friend). It wasn't intentional, as Rosario declared herself, but there was sexual tension between them. Rosario's character meets a man, who is a sexual Predator, in all the bad senses. But he made an impression on her. <br /> <br /> Rosario said her character had previously been a boyfriend. I differ. Because she is acting, as if it were her first boyfriend, who also underlined her phone conversation with her mother. Talk about her mother, here's another problem. After the first rape took place, Rosarios's character tells no one what happened. Since her relationship with her mother is a very close one, nothing is being investigated. If Rosarios character would no longer call her mother or act strange, the mother would be worried like crazy. There was so much potential here. Also her female friend: We see her at the party, it is clear that something is going on and 'tree' is gone. <br /> <br /> The first rape is almost unbearable to look at. But feel like a pinch, if you compare it to the end (rape), which makes you feel like a sledge hammer! After rape no. 1 we get too vast scenes. Wires are opened (like her construction work is an indication that she can be lesbian, as one man says trying to hit her ...) but left in the open. No real social contact is established, if you step out the bartender, who is involved in the 2nd and last rape scene. Obviously he is not a "nice" guy and that his character child is a bit vicious. But when Rosarios's character comes back to her rapist, his being in the movie is meaningless. We get the point that Rosarios's character is no longer the same, that she has gone "bad" and can hurt people. (Te) Many scenes show exactly that, she is without emotion, just doing drugs and other things. Back to Rapist # 1, who is cheating on a test, is captured by Rosarios character and decides to hang back together (really?). As absurd as it sounds, the man meets with her, not without us having seen him before, with another girl (most likely that he also raped her, although fortunately we see nothing) and his football career. Well career is a stretch and he is being pooled. It's an effort to give his character some depth and it works almost, but then it's too cliché to stay with you. So Rapist # 1 underlined Rosario's character ... why exactly? Because he promised her, was it her day? Again, really? A man like it never loses control, especially with a woman he had raped before. I think it's supposed to show us how stupid he is. The bartender guy would have worked as someone who could hit him over the head or something, but to make him lie so just felt wrong. Another possibility would be to have a drug in his drink. <br /> <br /> So rapist # 1 gets out and gets blindfolds and lets us tie Rosarios character on a bed .... seriously, it's just crazy! But what comes next is even more crazy. First, she talked to him, then cut him and pressed an object into him. It's so hard to watch as rape scene number one. It's not about what this man deserves or not, it's just intense. And of course it was what they were aiming for. Now that she's "finished", the bartender man comes in and rapes ... rapist # 1. . It's not supposed to be entertaining, it's a hard watch and it's art house. But the 10 minutes (I didn't count) rape scene at the end, just smashed everything. Rosarios character is more or less, just look what happens. It brings me the biggest disappointment. <br /> <br /> Irreversible comparison: "Irreversible" had the rape scene, but the movie continued (even if it was back in time). Rosario finally looks at the camera and says something about how to get it. First, it comes a little too late, which she must see, says it after the initial rape. And secondly and above all, this is where the art house movie should go. It is more interesting to see where Rosarios's character would go after the second rape phase and how she would go with what she did. But then she didn't actually do so much physically (see above) ... a broken character who cut off the movie ... Good intentions (Talia and Rosario worked previously), but to convey most of the stuff, they have to do (though you can see what they meant, it must be convincing, otherwise it doesn't work) ... not to mention the elongated rapes. ...
