One of the most strange, commonly used novels is the one: A serious excited man falls in love with a terminal sick woman who turns his life around before he dies. Sometimes this story is done well and realistically (as in "Theory of Flight", an excellent whip), but more often it is done as if it were here, where the heroines, as usual, die of "Old Movie Disease". You know, the terminal disease that has no symptoms, but a poor spelling and a need to lie down while telling your love story forever. and your appearance is not affected (and since it is the 70's, it is not your sex life either) This is one of the worst versions of the story, where a lot of stupid writing brings two incomparable and incredible characters, and they are played by actors who are completely at sea. <br /> <br /> It has to be the worst performance of Al Pacino's career, and I say I only saw "The Devil's Advocate" two days ago! He plays a control freak, emotionally stubborn race car driver, and plays an indifferent character lifeless. He continually seems to ask himself why he remains about the rival Marthe Keller (so does the audience), and spends most of the movie ... there, usually with his mouth open. The only time he shows a sign of life is at the end, where his character proves that he has changed from height to liberation by doing a hilarious bad Mae West imitation. Hey, it was * the seventies! <br /> <br /> Marthe Keller is as terrible as the dying love interest; Her character is pregnant and free and touched and unimpeded and full of life, although it dies, and is probably meant to be played with an actress with the sensitivity of, for example, Vanessa Redgrave or Julie Christie. Instead, they have the expressionless face and heavy German accent of me. Keller, who sees more than a terrible Teutonic stereotype ("You VILL eat them omelette!") If at all as lovely. She is supposed to reform Pacino and fill him with courage and spirit, all of it, but it doesn't work that way, it's more like she's harshly harping. It makes one of the least convincing novels in film history where you can't believe she'll be with someone she finds so worthless, and you can't believe he's with someone who gets so much on his nerves. <Br /> <br /> Some bad-movie fans call it a cult classic, mainly because of Pacino's stupid "liberating" Mae West imitation. The scene is screaming, especially in context, but not worth the rest of the film. No, just watch the movie if you are a serious bad-film-aficionado who is particularly interested in studying extreme shortages of chemistry between leading actors or very bad casting. Not only are the leaders horrible, but Pacino's other girlfriend is played by an actor who looks and sounds, just likes Keller with shorter hair, I totally confused them. It's not one of the low-minute bad movies like "The Conqueror", it's just a really bad movie. <br /> <br />
