I can't remember for my life why - I needed a free ticket or something - but I saw this movie in the theater when it was released. I don't remember who I went with, what theater I was, or even which city. All I remember was how offensive I was to this travesty, risking someone to call a movie, and how half of the people went out into the theater before the movie was over. Unfortunately, I have been holding on to ending it, which I still see as one of the worst mistakes of my life so far. My offense became pure horror when just before the closing credits the smarmy devil child stumbled his head out of the back of a board and said, "Look for Problem Child 2, soon!" It was hands-down The most frightening moment ever recorded on film. <br /> <br /> The plot, if I remember correctly, involved John Ritter and maybe his wife (Lord, how I tried unsuccessfully to include film from my mind) adopting a "problem child . " Maybe they think they can reform him or her. I really don't know. If that was their intention, they failed, because from the first frame to the last, this child remains the most vicious, rudest, most terrible demonic calf ever to hit the big screen. Forget Damian, forget about Rosemary's Baby. This kid takes the cake. The only difference is, we must be sorry for him because he is a "problem child". However, this is impossible, as this child is probably the most petty character ever portrayed. You want to kill him through the whole movie, and when (John Springer, as someone cares) decides to keep the dirty hell child, you'll "send him back!" Shout. in shocked dislike (like several people in the theater where I saw it). <br /> <br /> It's just the second movie I've given a "1" on the IMDb. The other was Superman IV, and by God I couldn't tell you what was worse. John Ritter quoted a TV guide quoting the issue of Problem Child 3, for which he was not included. He said something: "The only way I would do another [Problem Child] successor is if they have withdrawn my dead body to perform." Amen to that! <br /> <br /> I'd rather watch a 24-hour marathon from Police Academy than see another twenty minutes of Problem Child again. 1/10, just because I can't give it a negative score, that's what it really deserves. Someone burns the original negatives of this movie, please!
