Yeti: The Curse of the Snow Demon begins aboard a plane full of American high school teenagers who are on their way to playing a soccer match in Japan. Unfortunately, the Himalayan plane is unfortunately being stormed during a fiery thunderstorm. Unfortunately, really. With some dead and some alive, the survivors should think about themselves and decide to wait until help comes. But just when they think their happiness can't get worse, they soon discover that a big, hairy Yeti-type horrible Snowman creature wants to kill and eat them all. Caught, cold, hungry and fighting for survival will help reach the stranded teens on time. <br /> <br /> Yes, with a title like Yeti: a curse demonism, it can only mean one thing and it's someone at the Sci-Fi channel made another 'Creature Feature', although this giving things a little variety, the Sci-Fi channel here in the UK is now a 'Beast Feast'! As if it would make any difference. Passed by Paul Ziller, one must say that Yeti: The Curse of the Snow Deamon is a terrible movie, but a little entertaining at the same time, sure it's bad, but it's also nice. The basic point of departure is actually, it's a kind of cross between Alive (1993) with the plane crash and the survivors who must survive cannibal and the excellent gory killer Bigfoot (another legendary hairy monster) exploit band Night of the Demon (1980 ) that I would defend with my last breath and I must say it is not actually a marriage made in heaven, but as I said, sometimes it is nice, if not exactly gripping or well written. The character is mostly annoying American teens, there is the expected argumentation, there is the macho hero, the strong woman and the coward who only thinks of himself, so there is no pricing for originality. There are also plot holes, if an aircraft cargo crashes people, why just send two rangers on foot to look for them? How about digging a big hole and shaking it in the space of ten minutes? Why didn't the Yeti kill the bird at the end? It killed everyone else up to that point, so why not her? The "there are actually two Yeti's walking around" is also not used to any effect. There is at least a good fit on the movie, it certainly moves with a pretty good fit and I never got bored. There is some moderate action and the film has a bit of fascination to see if the kids are going to survive or not, and if they are going to eat their dead friends or not. <br /> <br /> The one thing you can always say about this Sci-Fi channel 'Creature Features' or 'Beast Feasts' is that the CGI computer effects will be screaming out loud and so it turns out that case. The plane crash at the beginning looks awful and the Yeti when it is CGI just seems embarrassingly jumping all over the place as it is on a pogo stick. There is one or two pretty gore screens, including a torn arm, a chopped head, a torn heart, some blood, a little bloodshed and the best bit when the Yeti ripens a man in half and beating him with his own bones, biting a big piece out of them. According to the IMDb, the actor who played the Yeti took three and a half hours to get into the suit and the makeup that looks like a long time, as it is actually a pretty tatty search creator. Apparently the original title was Raksha: Curse of the Snow Demon with Raksha which means devil in Tibetan Sanskrit, so now you know. <br /> <br /> It has reasonable production values ​​in view of the usual Sci-Fi canals that they clear out although the mountain location doesn't look like the hard, pale Himalayas and was probably somewhere near some ski resort and during many of the daytime scenes it actually looks nice and warm. The acting isn't that good and I didn't think any of the girls looked so good. It didn't help either. <br /> <br /> Yeti: The Curse Demonic curse is another horrible Sc-Fi channel 'Creature Feature' if I am honest that any healthy person will not like, but if you are looking for a some horror themed fun then its not bad and there are one or two entertaining moments that make it a bit vigilant, though not very good.
