When I was young my parents took me to the theater to see the interior designs. It was one of the many films I saw with my father, but that was the only film we came out of. Since then I have never seen interior design until recently, and I could have lived the rest of my life without it. Yala from a piece of wine and cheese from the seventies. Woody Allen is one of my favorite directors but the interior designs are by far the worst piece of his career. In the unambiguous manner of Berman's immersion, Allen gives us a dark, silent, insightful look at the life of a family caused by the psychological damage caused by divorce, alienation, occupation, love, lack of love, bad breath, whatever. The film, intentionally, has no comic relief, no music, and is drenched in mysterious novels. This cinematic style can be defined as the best expression in nature, using a reflexive way of dialogue to give "a clearer depth of meaning and truth." But Woody Allen is not Ingmar Bergman. The film is slow and painful. But then, I had no contact or sympathy with any of the characters. Instead, I felt only contempt for the offer of mixing leaves, grease, nicotine smears, and martyrs in a constant quest for identity. In the background of the richness of the world and the bread of the elegencia bread, the story looms like a fart in the room. Everyone speaks in painful positions and high language among cigarettes. Everyone is "lost" and "struggling", desperate to find direction, understanding or anything, and it goes to the point where you just want to slap them all. It's never about the decision, it's just about complex internal chatter. It is nothing more than a psychological drama that is moved beyond the public's ability to communicate. Woody Allen chose to make the characters immersed in themselves feel abandoned. For this reason, I found this film painful, tolerant and spiritual. I see what was going on, but his insistence on promoting his message through prozac prose and distorted film techniques gave up the point of importance. I highly recommend this if you feel a bit happy and need something that reminds you of death. Otherwise, let's just pretend this movie never happened.
