The Airport '77 is a new 747 luxury aircraft loaded with valuable paintings. It belongs to the wealthy businessman Philip Stevens (James Stewart), who leads them and a group of dignitaries to his possession in preparation for its opening to the public as a museum with the daughter of Stevens Jolie (Kathleen Quinlan) and her son. The luxury jet takes off as planned, but in the air the plane is smashed by co-pilot Chambers (Robert Foxworth) and his partners, Banker (Monty Markham) and Wilson (Michael Pataki), who have knocked down the passengers and the crew intend to steal valuables and land on a deserted plane on an isolated island , But during the descent of his room almost hits an oil platform in the ocean and loses control of the plane it sends crashed into the sea where it sinks down the right explosion in the middle of the Bermuda Triangle. With a lack of air supply, water leaks, and more than 200 miles off course, the problems are getting worse for the survivors as they wait for help as they run out quickly ... <br /> <br /> Also known under a slightly different tile Airport 1977 - The second part of Disaster Airport Airport (1970) was launched by Jerry Jameson, and again as before, I can not say that Airport '77 is any kind of forgotten classics it offers, although it The correct reasons are not necessary. Of the three airport films I have seen so far, I loved this best film, only. He has my favorite plot of the three with a nice outdoor hi-jacking & then crashing (did not see the oil platform?) & Sinking 747 (perhaps the makers of the original airport crossing were trying with another flick on the famous disaster of The Poseidon Adventure (1972) And submerged until the end is a stark dilemma facing those trapped inside, either suffocating when the air runs out or drowns with the occurrence of 747 flood opened, it is a decent idea that can be caused by the dust of a great disaster but a bad character is not sympathetic, Inertial squeaks, and a real lack of risk, suspense or tension mean that this is a missed opportunity Even when the Navy becomes involved, things do not pick up a lot through a few shots from giant ships and helicopters that are in the air. George Kennedy returned as a jinxed agent to Joe Patroni, but he got only a few scenes and hardly said anything that would seem to be just a concern in the background. <br /> <br /> The domestic video and theatrical version of Airport '77 run 108 minutes, while American television releases add an extra hour of footage, including a new credit sequence, many scenes with George Kennedy like Patroni, Personal, and longer rescue scenes and discover or other couple of bodies including the navigator. Although I would like to see these additional shots, I'm not sure I can sit near the airport for about three hours. As expected, the film has been badly affected by the terrible fashion choices and interior design options, and I will not say more than the effects of the model aircraft game is not great either. Along with two other airports, this place is at the top of the Hall of Honor at the Razzie Award, although I can think of a lot of the worst films, so I think that's a bit harsh. Motion scenes are a bit boring Unfortunately, the pace is slow and there is not much excitement or tension resulting from it is a shame because I suspect this could be a very good film if made correctly. <br /> <br /> Production values ​​are fine if there is something spectacular. The acting is not great. Jack Lemmon, an Oscar winner twice, said it was a mistake to look at it. Once Oscar winner James Stewart seems old and weak, Grant Grant seems to me once in a while. Sugar While Mr. Christopher Lee was due to little work, there are lots of other familiar faces that you should look for as well. <br /> <br /> The 77th airport is the most disaster-prone of the three airport films so far and I liked the ideas behind it even if it was a bit silly, the direction of production and the country does not help although a film about a sunken plane Only this should not be boring or hibernating. Followed by Concorde ... Airport '79 (1979).
