The summer season is here when the choices in cinemas are limited to what is the most important film of the week, considering 99.9% of the screens allocated for viewing. Well, so I might exaggerate the percentage, but you felt a drift. Besides Hollywood stuff, Bollywood also has its own share of upcoming films, and from some of the trailers shown, I'm excited to watch them too. Tashan was rated as one of the most anticipated films for 2008, but I was very surprised by the low turnout in cinemas. When I saw her greatness, it was a whole house, but it was not for Tashan. <br /> <br /> After watching it, I knew the reason. It was entertaining, but it was basically weak. Just as in the literal English title, which means "elegance," the Tachan design is all elegance, but not guaranteed. Does not mean he does not have the usual stellar power, but the scenes felt tired, and some of them limit the absurd, even for Bollywood standards that I have to say. This is surprising since Tachan is directed and written by Vijay Krishna Acharya, who wrote Dhoom and Dhoom 2, both of which I enjoyed very much. <br /> <br /> In a new recruit's walk with Tashan, while you can not miss it, you're probably scratching your head at the plot, which was at best brave. You tried to force a lot of things on the story, even though you gave it credit for where you were allowed to question the motives of the person, but it was a bit late, and only towards the end, which left you guessing for a moment before it was captured in a complete movement simulating Many Thai action films, with wired Hong Kong wire and funny fireworks in Hollywood and firearms without retreating. In an attempt to include everything including the kitchen sink, you have a variety of vehicles that appear, and the car that took the cake, at the Dhoom 2 concert, is a jetski boat in the middle of nowhere. <br /> <br /> At best, Tashan can be enjoyed as an unintended comedy, due to how it was highlighted with their characters. Saif Ali Khan plays the role of Jimmy Cliff, executive director of the Liaison Center, which offers English lessons, as a platform for catching new friendly materials. His playing methods are eliminated when he meets with Puja Singh (Kareena Kapoor), which is not exactly what she looks like, and Huti is kind and wonderful. She uses Jimmy's services to her boss, the mob Bhaiyyaji (Anil Kapoor), who probably gets the most laughs and speaks broken English and phrases should be impressed how ah-beng do it. To complete the quartet, Akshay Kumar plays the role of Bachchan Pandey, a gangster for renting, treating Bhaiji to track Jimmy and Puja when he flees with money stolen from Bahaiji's works. <br /> <br /> So the road begins a journey of some kind, with friends who have turned into enemies, and the enemies you know will become friends with the continuation of the road trip. Jimmy Cliff may be the most rational, because he moves from zero to the hero, carrying out moves that would shame Rambo, at any time completely, which is far from personal. Kareena Kapoor works to increase the sex factor because she uses her magic to guess both men, and has plenty of opportunities to do so in view of the many famous bikini scenes, and other costumes that boast the fall of necklines or lateral lines over the knee. Each character has a created background, and I thought that Bachchan Bachchan of Akshay Kumar is the best, most entertaining and most enjoyable, although his character looked very much like an incredible green with his jumps that defy gravity and punches power packing. His wounds heal automatically, which places Wolverine in awe. Best of all is his theme song, The Curse Of A Thousand Males and played ra-ra mode every time he faces opponents. <br /> <br /> But sadly to say, this is the only unforgettable melody, something to cheer "Bachchan - Bandi Bachchan - Pandey". For most of the Bollywood movies I watch, I will usually be able to get out of shows that taste a tone or two despite the obvious language gaps. I could not do that after Tashan, because the songs unfortunately were not attractive at all. The song / dance routine usually works well in the story frame without any need to remove the characters from the scene or the current location. I enjoy, in exchange for understanding and taking them to the top places on top of a mountain, or over rough rocks on the beach. <br /> <br /> Tashan may not have taken himself seriously, but coming from Vijay Krishna Acharya's story, you might want something more gentle instead of irony, and for continuity to be more cautious too. Has been described as a popular film, and now I can begin to understand why the crowds have already avoided this crowd. Despite Akshay Kumar's theft of the show, Tachan could have been the best ever.
