The solution begins when a US infected airborne virus hits the male population, when men who are excitatory kill any woman in sight apparently in the name of God. Alan (Jason Priestley) is brought by the government and knows most of them and feels that the situation has already gone away, so he tells his wife Ann (Kerry Norton) to take their teenage daughter Amy (Brennia O'Brien) and try to survive because the future of the human race has Dependent on it ... <br /> <br /> This Canadian-American production was episode 7 of Season 2 of the Masters of Horrror series, directed by Joe Dante I, who thought the solution was too bad. Personally, I think Sam Ham's script is absorbing him. He takes himself very seriously. I do not really understand why he is part of the Masters of Horror series, and the horror that the directors of The Screwfly Solution is looking for is in the actual story. Are the same thoughts and ideas that they raise rather than appearing on the screen for visual horror, especially the weak environmental message that they intend to repel in our throats whenever they have the opportunity during a short 60 minute run and feel that it is a problem only as a finite thing that can easily be interpreted as a necessity rather than an attempt. Meaningful to filter things out. I was not satisfied with the contradictions in the story, too, if men were killed only when they were sexually aroused. Why would the flight host break the neck of that woman on board? Was he sexually aroused, I do not think so. Why does everyone think he is killed in the name of God? I can not see every insult on earth. She suddenly knows the Bible and began to believe in God. I found the idea ridiculous and the show also shows that there is no religious thing about what is happening. What is the deal with everyone who thinks that you have a God to kill any woman they see? ? Then there is the fact that people are turning to different things, what about homosexuals for example? Will they kill men instead of women? I know there is a short scene that leads to a gay joke, but it is easily directed to one side, and then there is the thing that bothered me the most. The fact that every blow on the ground is supposed to have turned into a psychic and caused the deaths of all the women who do their daily work just like nothing happened, I felt stupid, planning nonsense and closing things down there looks like they were taken from a vicious episode of The X -Files (1993-2002) with a bright neon alien. <br /> <br /> Dante is definitely not qualified for this master's degree in horror as far as I'm concerned. The story is going badly, it's just stupid because it's played deadly dead and instead of trying to make a horror movie turn To most of the thriller movie with a deadly virus on the loose state and the mother and his subsequent daughter on the run because of it, there is very little here in what I can call effective horror and even less daring. There is a scene when a woman was stabbed with a broken bottle, a short scene after a man stabbed his thigh with the bottle mentioned and another woman stabbed the stomach but nothing else to write on the home page. <br /> <br /> Technically, like other episodes, it's really good and does not look like cheap TV series, and the special effects are great as usual and well made. The acting is fine but no one really stands out. <br /> <br /> The solenoid is the worst episode in the Masters of Horror movie you've seen but keep in mind that I have not seen all of them ... yet. As a stand-alone entertainment piece, I did nothing for myself, and as a show was introduced by the so-called "master of terror", it disappointed me more.
