Karina Kapoor's scene in a two-piece bikini revolves around the only thing that wakes up from your sleep while watching Tashan ?? The disappointing new movie in cinemas this weekend. Bad films are bad movies and we see them every week, but Tashan is not just a bad film, it's a very bad film. Horrible because it takes its audience as a matter of course, is also terrible because filmmakers expect to escape without any conspiracy or common sense just because they have got great movie stars on board. Written and directed by Vijay Krishna Acharya, Tashan is what you describe as a film way, but one movie walks in all wrong directions. Saif Ali Khan plays the role of Jamie Cliff, an executive at the Call Center who has been hired to teach English to Baiji - this is Anil Kapoor playing with ambitious UP bands, desperate to become quiet. James drew his attention to Puja, the beautiful young assistant to the gang (played by Kareena Kapoor), who uses Jimmy to deceive her 25 crore boss. Determined to recover his money and also to punish both Jimmy and Puja, Bhaiji employs his most trusted followers to perform the mission. So you have Akshay Kumar in the role of Bachchan Pandey, the loyal helper of the Gang Gang of Kanpur, who tracks the culprits and recovers stolen money hidden in the length and width of the country. Like Tashan Potisis is very bad. The threadbare script centered on the plot of vengeance. But the treatment too much, so forgiving that he failed to establish any contact. Instead of a coherent scenario or a traditional three-act structure, you will get a set of specific pieces around which most of the scenes are created loosely. This wonderful song in the desert, the scene of the explosive movement of bullets in the Rajasthan Fort, the moment of Kareena in bikini, even this absurd climatic excitement scene is complemented by Shaolin monks, a watercourse sprinting through dirty nella, and sincerity or unbelievable, even Tonga-style Dhanno-driven horse. In all fairness, not all of these pieces have been implemented badly - the song of the song in the desert is very accurate already - but few of them make sense in the larger picture, because you move from one piece to another without any help from the script really. Little you expect in a fast-paced film, to find a path of sudden emotional memories of childhood loved ones. You see Tashan's problem, no one is connected to this film that the film they make knows. What's more, I do not think they care too - movie fumes of arrogance. Charged arbitrarily into elements of each type without bothering to stop to make sure the mix is ​​successful, such as Tashan is like excessive cooking. There are films that kill you quietly, and then a movie that kills you too much. Exquisitely packed with glossy glossy camera work, exotic locations and luxurious costumes, it is likely to cost every frame of the movie lkhs film, but it still looks like a hollow piece in the end because the story does not hold up. The borrowing of the narrative from Tarantino and the elegance of Stephen Chau does not help either because they do not mix with the film's thin film plot. One may complain a little if the characters are more attractive, but the Engelish dialogue written by Anil Kapoor makes you want to slit your wrists, and Saif Ali Khan stumbles foolishly in the film, unable to find his feet. Karina Kapoor, at the same time, queen of outstanding delivery, does a good job. But of course, if Tachan is saved to some extent, it is thanks to Akshay Kumar's irresistible existence and his spontaneous approach to character. It oscillates when it cupped the crotch again and again when it delivers those two-meaning dialogues, but not for a moment you can close your eyes from the screen when it is there. Despite some good music from Vishal Shekhar, the songs seem to prolong your misery only. Well, because Tashan is testing your patience. In case you do not know, Tashan means elegance. I'm sorry to say, this film has no.
