Superman II - The Richard Donner Cut The dream of fans should be a reality. Finally, the snapshots that are seen will appear only in the images and scenes that existed only on the printed page. A director who has not been able to complete his vision will have the opportunity to regain his vision. It looks like a winner. Then you start watching this set of shots and realize that this "inner dream" is a very real nightmare of stagnation and incompetence. While it is entirely possible that no film competes with the perfect perfect version that each of us has imagined over the years, it was really supposed to be a great film to watch this project. It passes only a few times. <br /> <br /> You know that things are shaky when the first part of the text appears on the screen as computer graphics that are set up at home. But then we start watching new footage (alternatives from Superman - The Movie for the Trial) and this first part of the frequency fades. Hey, this is very beautiful! Things are fine in these few transient moments so we see STM footage overlapping with new effects for this project, and not convincing at all. From this point, it will never stop. It may not be right to judge a movie because of the bad visual effects, but when this is supposed to be a direct follow-up to a film was the line of the label "You Believe A Man Can Fly", it is difficult to believe anything displayed on the screen here. The best effects in this are from the original productions. <br /> <br /> There is another problem with this retraction. Many of them are meaningless. The only reason for any success is that we all saw the play version of Superman II, a logical film. Wester Superman II fills holes in this assembly. Part of this can be because Donner has not completed the shooting, and the other part could be because the makers of this project were intending to use as few Lester materials as possible. What we end up with is a set of footage that makes Superman IV look tight and coherent. <br /> <br /> After watching this, one feels that while Lester was loyal and comfortable with Donner, Michael Thau and his teammates were very disrespectful towards anything filmed by Leicester. The best scenes in The Donner Cut are the relatively raised scenes of the Superman II release. This includes the Moon sequence and the dinner sequence, and not ironically, both of which were shot by Donner. But anything else from this film which Leicester portrayed was re-edited in an accelerated manner, which now makes Leicester look like a pork grip that knows nothing. While Lester donated materials Donner, Lester was put here down the bus. <br /> <br /> Is there anything good in this version? Well, Marlon Brando is there, and that's great to see. In fact, watching any of Donner's material was accurate, all filmed at the same time as Superman - The Movie. But this only highlights the problems of this version. None of the main scenes (really just jumping Lewis and the scenes with Marlon Brando) would have been better served as complete scenes in the deleted scenes section. Instead, the lace is in an illogical novel with poor performance (uses many alternates of familiar scenes) dirty alterations and bad decisions. <br /> <br /> Watch the opening scene at the Daily Planet. Why look back at Jackie Cooper as he calls Lewis and Clark? In the end, why do we walk Lewis in her dark apartment only to be followed by Jackie Cooper walking in a dark bath that shines the lights? I was puzzled by this, because I expected to see Lewis. The whole group is filled with questionable options like this. <br /> <br /> Battle scenes are also chaotic, with no geography between the tracks. It's just a random action. Of course, the main motion scenes were filmed by Leicester and his own material is used only as a bridge to the next set of outtakes or alternates. They should have used more of Leicester footage, but they may have had a lot of pride to admit. <br /> <br /> Solubility also extends to military missiles. As noted elsewhere, the missile in the Donner Cut is rated "XK 10" while we all know it is "XK 101"! Blind man in STM knows it! The producers of this association, who tried hard to honor the original film, threw the ball in less than five minutes, and this error indicates the quality of the entire production. Despite all the supposed attention that has been placed in this, the final product has an atmosphere of magnificence because it is inevitable. <br /> <br /> It is probably the whole thing easier to digest if Warner does not make this command separate here in the states. As it is, we are expected to pay for what is basically an additional disk for the deleted viewer with the option to "run all". It's really worth seeing just so we can finally see the legendary scenes, but after this initial show, I expect this to be an excellent magnet for dust and much more. I know after my experience watching this, I had a new respect for the Leicester version. It is not perfect at all, but Leicester realized the shortcomings that were present in the script that stand out here in bold relief. He has been successful in producing a film that I enjoyed for many years and will continue to do so, while this new version is likely to be remembered only as a footnote in the history of films.
