I figured it was time to leave this. Pokemon lovers are suffering in America these days. why? Because we rely on Kids WB and 4Kids Entertainment to provide us with our favorite series and movies. As far as the serial goes, they do a good job of bringing the fun and charm of Japanese versions to TV. So what is their problem when it comes to movies? Honestly now, I watched all three Pokémon movies in Japanese, and I will definitely see the fourth film. They are excellent films. They are all fun and fun to watch. After seeing Pokémon 2000 in the theaters, I can not help but wonder how these American producers read Japanese texts. Apparently, they seem to read and see something saying "Enter empty morale here" in big bold letters. It certainly seems that way they used the same great dubbing techniques that they used on MSB (the utmost irony there) and created this nonsense. <br /> <br /> * Potential spoilers from here on * Well, I think I should first talk about the rescue adventure in Pikachu. My first bite came with this without an account. I think they got enough bad comments on the Pokédex novel that plagued Pikachu's vacation, and instead of going with the voice of a nice and nice woman as appeared in Pikachu no Natsu Yasumi and Pikachu Tankentai, they narrated the narrative together. This will not be a problem, except for one thing. Did anyone really understand why Exeggcute did not call Togepi until the end? Maybe the fans, but I'm sure no parents. Then, there is a theme song. I could only roll my eyes into this one. The Japanese song was `Tankentai wo Tsukurou 'and was sung by Japanese children. It was fun and fun. This one: nausea. Now, one of my favorite things is dancing Kireihana. Nice music and fun to watch. This has changed with Bellossom. The music sucks for one, but moreover, they talked with each Pokémon during the music, which turned out to be fast, annoying, and unnecessary. Oh, then there is Poliwhirl who thinks it Poliwrath. You think the players who work with these characters constantly will learn at least what they are. Essentially, this dreary little bear can not be saved, which is very unfortunate considering its potential. But I have not touched on the worst thing yet. <br /> <br /> You think the warning signs will be clear to me when I received my problem at Nintendo Power. Unbelievably, I put some faith in 4Kids and WB. My thoughts were "good, they were revolted in the first film, but the second is different on the subject, so they should do well." In this regard, I just did not notice the warning signs I encountered in the theaters when the trailers said: "You will believe that one person can make the difference." The way they said that at every turn, I hoped it would not turn into a moral festival like MSB did at the end of the English version. Then comes the Nintendo Power, which I see where all my fears come true in words "the main feature of" one power. "At that point, I became a little more anxious." One power? "Is not a good sign. Big. <br /> <br /> While sitting in the theater, I hit a craftsman with cramps in the stomach, watching another movie I liked in Japanese and turned into a complete scrap and flavor.I hear comments that it was better because the moral was more accurate. That's because they did not wash this thing, repeated it over and over again as in MSB. However, it has caused more damage than anything else in this elephant First of all, the legend that has been read in full has been changed to read "The world is turning to ash." Ah Haha, so ash is the chooser, whatever it is In the Japanese version, Arshia residents needed a Pokemon coach to do their traditional ceremony. The biggest way was that this damage to Lugia ... Logia was one of the coolest characters in the Pokemon movie .... When the film was about Loggia, Loggia was forced to take a seat back to the Ashes. Main, Logia and Ash discuss the conditions of a loggia, not that the ash will make a big difference. Overall in this category, Ash was not really the "only person" who would make the difference, as many helped him along the way. <br /> <br /> A lot of other things is a kind of picking up pests. The song of the Furora flute was not as sweet and fun as the Japanese song. Gerardan's letter to them saying his group "started with the Mio card?" Ugh. Worse still, Mesti's anger was originally about the way Moltres and Zabdos were being held. Why did not you put them in the game of Poképole when they were arrested? This is similar to the cage to be displayed. It differs greatly from his thinking of thinking that Pokemon are things that are collected like stamps. If there were any real recovery values ​​in that, they came from Team Rocket. Some fonts are very funny. Do not make me laugh out loud, but I will make you laugh and ease the pain in my stomach. Well, it was officially the last American Pokemon movie I'll see. I imported the third and found it very enjoyable. I prefer not to see another Japanese film destroyed in the same way as the first and second film. I'll be importing IV also. Forget you, Kids WB and 4Kids. You left me for the last time.
