Well, I hear about Justin Timberlake's new film, which shows some big names. I mean great actors like The Freeman, aka Morgan Freeman, a Hollywood asset, no matter how lost in this film. Then we got Kevin Spacey, whom I've admired since I saw American beauty and the usual suspects. Both great actors may have signed the film thinking it would be a great film, as I did when I heard the story. Then Justin Timberlake entered a new face. I say a new face because this is his first film and those rotten tomatoes have not hit him yet. Perhaps the reason for this, I may add, is that no one will ever see this movie or even bother reading this review. The film was very terrible when I reached the first 15 minutes of it. The characters were so remote that they made some Bible figures look like Don Corleone. They got one liner and things that deserved vocal bite. The turbulent black man (LL COOL J) who is with a wonderful woman who otherwise it does not belong even in real life. The captain is this little man who speaks in a high tone. Any crappy movie will be completed without the hero becoming richer because of experience. Oh and a lot of firearms fire, I mean a lot. The spoiler (no !!!) is a kind of shooting that leaves everyone in the police force who died hero and hero prevail. They've got rocket launchers and rocket launchers, not really kidding. <br /> <br /> The bottom line is that if you want to see Edison, because you're a fan of one of the actors, or Justin Timberlake fans, all 13 year old girls, enjoy !! I wish I had more hands, because I will get more thumbs, because this movie is very bad because then I can give him a lot of thumb so that the thumb does not mean anything because this film is very bad because it absorbs so hard it made me laugh because of the frustration of Line the story because it will not end because the shooting and screaming is still happening. <br /> <br /> G * D may have MERCY on the United States and saved us from these atrocities. Well, it might be worse, another terrible actor in the RNB has turned into a singer turned into a terrible actor, or he checked into MIX lol, or even became rich or die. Now the characteristic thing in this film is that he got over 30 years of men, playing 16 or so young. I can go on with these.
