Well, at least I did my play group, lol. Of course, I remember seeing Grease because I was a little girl, while she was never my favorite music or story, but she still occupies a special place in my heart because there is still a lot of fun to watch. I heard horrible things about Grease 2 and that's why I decided not to ever see him, but my friend said it was not so bad and my friend agreed, so I decided to give her a chance, but I called her and just laughed. First, it is completely stolen from the first plot, and it was not really clever, let alone it used the same characters, but with different names and representatives. Tell me, how did the ladies, the roses and the birds, after years of leaving the former gangs? Not to mention that the inventor faces an aggressive enemy of motorcycles, his amazing resemblance to the players in the first film as well as T-Birds that were stupid and ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Another year in Rydell and music and dance has not stopped. But when a new student comes Sandy's cousin to the scene, he is shocked by a rosy lady, Stephanie. But they must abide by the code. Pink Ladies should only adhere to the T-Birds, so the new student decides to practice T-Bird to win her heart. So he wears his clothes as a rebel motorcycle gangs that can ride well and defeat evil cyclists from kicking T-Bird butts easily. But will Stephanie tell who he really is or will she find out? Well, find out for yourself. <br /> <br /> Grease 2 looks like a silly television show of some kind that did not work. Did not click the gang as well as did the first grease, not to mention the return of "france" was silly and unreasonable, because i thought she graduated from riddle, but it seems she did not do. The songs were not really attractive. I'm glad Michelle was able to bounce back very quickly, but this is probably because she was the only one who has talent in this silly little movie. I would not really recommend this film, unless you're curious, but I warned you, this is just a pathetic attempt to get more Of the funds of the famous musical play. <br /> <br /> 2/10
