The misguided Hollywood obsession with the sequel has led to more imbalances than hits. For each "Godfather II", there are dozens of "More American Graffiti's", "Stayin 'Alives" and "Grease 2's". Although the original "Grease" is not a great movie, the song "Broadway hit", which lasted for a long time, has songs that evoke memories of the 1960s, vital choreography, and an attractive film. When Paramount started working on the follow-up, the producers came out almost empty on each side to make the original originally. <br /> <br /> Fortunately for filmgoers, Michelle Pfeiffer survived this experience and learned to read the texts clearly before signing the contracts. Her talent and beauty were already clear here, and Pfeiffer seemed to be embarrassed by the dances of sensational dance and the meaningless songs she had to perform. However, Maxwell Caulfield lacks the skill to express embarrassment, and his emotions revolve around a series of numbness to the mud. What is the romantic benefit, beyond the hormones, which can be enjoyed by the cold shameless Pfeiffer at Cauldold Dead End? This vague ambiguity will continue long after the laughable conclusion of Loa disappears into a bad memory. There are no memories except by veterans such as Eve Arden, Connie Stevens and Sid Caesar, although Lorna Luft rises slightly from lame material. <br /> <br /> The reviewers complained that, because "Grease 2" is always compared to the original, the film comes lacking. However, even considering its own conditions, the film is deceptive. After the overheating number, which clearly depleted the entire cast, dissipated energy. With some exceptions, the original songs had a slight resemblance in the early 1960s, and the only nostalgia that was raised was "Miss Brooks" and "Mr. Kiser's Comedy Hour". The jokes are falling, and the choreography in the film directed by Patricia Birche's dances is clumsy to be polite. However, the worst movies have been delivered to the masses, and incompetent sequences will be produced as long as the producers seek a quick buck milk from reproducing the films. Unfortunately, "Grease 2" is not so funny unintentionally. Instead, the film is as interesting as a bad train wreck. Only when it seems that all the bodies have been recovered, the next scene drowns in a worse massacre.
