Steven Seagal, Mr. Personality himself, this time is the greatest stealth pilot in the United States who has promised an amnesty from the army ... who tried to criticize his memory at the beginning of the film for which he fled, and was subsequently arrested after a band of bandits were caught in a shootout. If it could successfully infiltrate a terrorist base in northern Afghanistan run by a group called Black Sunday, which captured an Air Force ghost fighter thanks to an American traitor. Along with his fellow pilot who admires the traitor, Gannick (Marc Basile), John Sands (Segal) will fly to enemy territory, to receive help from his Arab mistress, Jessica (Sierra Byton) and Freedom Fighter, Roger (Aleki David) Earth. Gannick was kidnapped by Black Sunday's leaders, Stone (Vincenzo Nicole) and his ex-girlfriend, Eliana (Katie Jones). Sanders must discover how not only is he able to re-command the captured stealth fighter, but also saves him. Perhaps, Sands could get revenge on the traitor he trained, instead (Steve Toussaint) in the process. The sands have 72 hours so the naval pilots bombarded the whole area. On board the stealth, Black Sunday equipped a chemical bomb, hoping to detonate it in the United States. <br /> <br /> Seagal gets a chance to shoot at Afghans when they do not cut their throats with knives. The film is mostly machine guns that release dead bodies. The situation in Afghanistan does not stand up to scrutiny (and it is not easy for Segal and Co. to move in an area that has not been so easily exposed). The plot itself is nothing to write about. The movie is released quickly, and the camera is a bit jerky. Seagal is not as active as he was before, and scenes are fixed tightly as we have difficulty seeing him as he exits his enemies, unlike the old days. One of the poorest efforts of Seagal, which is less than ever (.. is not a compliment). The most frustrating thing is that Seagal never fights in her hand to fight with the main villains of the film, that's a shame. So it does not pick up a wrist or break a neck in any visible way. (Of course we see a slight similarity between some of the tools that are thrown around, but it is not a clear picture as I enjoy it because the filmmakers have these quick adjustments and amazing close-ups).
