Flight of Fury begins as General Tom Barnes (Angus MacInnes) is organizing an unofficial flight test for the X-77, a new Stealth fighter aircraft with the ability to rotate unseen. General Barnes gives his pilot, Colonel Ratcher (Steve Toussaint), the job and everything is going well until the X-77, even more literally than Barnes wants, flies to northern Afghanistan and hands it over to a terrorist group known as the Black Sunday led by Vincenzo Nicoli), who plans to use the X-77 aircraft in the US airspace without detection and drop some bombs that will kill many people. General Barnes is concerned about the loss of his plane and sends John Sands (co-man and executive producer Steven Seagal) into a single man's army to retrieve him and kill all the bad guys in the process ... <br /> <br /> This joint American, British and Romanian production directed by Michael Kush The third film that Siegel directed after Shade Shadow (2006) and The Power of Attack (2007). Fortunately, someone decided that the partnership was not fortunate. The worker and the rest of the audience did not spare any other cooperation. Obviously, Flight of Fury is almost a new version of Black Thriller (1988) starring Michael Dudikoff with many of the same characters sharing the same name, so the dialogue can be used exactly the same without allowing manufacturers to change things like Names, although I must admit I have not seen Black Black Thunder, so I can not compare the two. Flight of Fury is a terrible film, a waste of time and time spent by Seagal these days. It is boring, although it is not slow. The characters are poor, full of cliches, things happen randomly, the plot is poor, the reason for the events is not there. It is a very lazy production in general because it never convinced the viewers that they are anywhere near Afghanistan Follow appropriate military measures. The scenes of the movement are lame, and there is no real excitement in them, villains are as bored as heroes, and it is there with the worst thing Seagal did. <br /> <br /> Flight of Fury seems to consist largely of stock shots that do not match well, the background can change, people's clothes change, the area changes, the sky and film quality change very suddenly because it's obvious We too watch clips from other (better) movies split. Hell, Seagal never even goes anywhere near an airplane in this. The scenes are made up of very badly edited shootings, and it is hard to tell who he is and Segal breaking people's weapons. The entire production seems cheap and lame. <br /> <br /> IMDb believes that this budget is about $ 12,000,000 which I think is a total waste, so if so where did all the money go? Although its location in Afghanistan is a barren desert torn by war, the flight of anger seems to have been filmed in my local forest, but it has already been filmed in Romania and the Roman countryside does not make Afghanistan convincing. Representation is terrible as one would expect and Segal looks dubbed again. <br /> <br /> Flight of Fury is a terrible, tedious motion picture, an amateurish son and a nearly new scene to the scene of another film anyway. Another thriller of Seagal's Seagal films, which no longer raises interest?
