Following the horrific attack power, there were chances that Seagal could only be a step with Flight of Fury. "Off-attack attack power will take some to do. Anger flight is a marked improvement in general, but still in the grand scheme of thinking, average. Badness is apparently an achievement for Sigal these days, a sad insight into the decline of his career in his film. Where Attack Force is a series of plots that have been drastically changed from conception to photography to post production, Flight Of Fury keeps the line of drawing simpler. Someone who steals a supernatural high-tech fighter, who plans to use it to launch chemical weapons (which we later discovered strangely, will destroy the whole world within 48 hours). Segal must return the plane. It's that simple, no disturbing sub-plots, and conspiracies weigh the film like much of its modern works. This does not mean suddenly saying that storytelling is good, but it is very bad. For example, an introduction to the side characters was done badly. <br /> <br /> From a cinematic perspective, FOF is bad. Acting badly by all concerned, Seagal seems almost bored. He has just acquired the appearance of a young boy who has been forced to perform a school birth against his will, and this is done with constant disregard and half-foolish air. Can we blame Seagal even though the material is ambitious and dirty? Not right. This is the last film to be castel studio multi-image. The producers can not be bothered by making anything remotely good, with a budget of about $ 12 million, and (after 5 million of Segal's obligation) they may get a large part of themselves (if the film is produced for the remaining 7 million) Elvis Presley!). So in this regard, why Seagal should put the voltage into the film already distributed before its production. Although he may argue, he at least owes them effort. He is looking seriously, and the continued use of standing and formations is further evidence. Michael Keusch directs some efficiency, while cinematography is very good, but in all areas of art (as usual with Castel, a stunt team), there is nothing more than mediocrity, nothing to help the film rise above its material, Bored. Again, there are some movement scenes that focus on characters other than Seagal, which really do not want to see. <br /> <br /> In general, the procedure is not too bad. It is nice and violent, and sometimes we deal with a few bad old batting, but in general there is nothing special. This is partly due to a poor stunt crew, and little time to photograph anything very complex or exciting. To me, Shadow Man was more fun, because while ignoring the mixed, unconnected, mixed line, there were more Seagal moments than in the theater. Never disappeared for long periods during the film. Segal mysteriously disappears during a single motion scene here, and reappears afterwards, with little explanation. There are lots of stock clips used. Using stock shots is not something quite awful, but use it as a quiz. We have dealt with the creation of countless shots of naval vessels, all the time, which become annoying. In addition to continuity of stock footage everywhere (just check backgrounds, chopping and change). <br /> <br /> The movie is halfway. She says that the best scene for the movies is an unwarranted girl at all in the girl's scene, with two hot chickens. Seagal even a few tips then also! In general, this may be one of the best actors who rely on stock footage, but that does not mean much at all. This will satisfy many fans, but you have to keep in mind, Segal may want to forget the presence of this person. **
