It has been said, "A city on the hill can not hide itself" and Virginia City, Nevada, which sits on the side of a mountain. Davidson at 6200 feet west of Tahoe, is a shining example, or in the context of the film, it should be. Virginia exploded in the American Dream as a gold and silver shower in the same year as the Civil War. Was the birthplace of the dean of American letters. It was there where a young reporter named Samuel Clemens began using the name "Mark Twain" and continued to become the most famous writer in America. He was also the birthplace of the great fortune of Hearst, and the launch pad of John McKay, who became America's richest man, the third richest man in the world. Hey, they must have made the film about him! In the 1860s, Virginia City was the thriving city of all the thriving cities, home to the big boom, one of the largest "urban" areas west of St. Louis and east of San Francisco. But Virginia City's film is all wrong, and it's about the beating of North / South Hogwash among the characters played by Errol Flynn and Randolph Scott. Flynn is Captain Kerry Bradford, a trade union officer who is a prisoner of war in a detention camp run by the commander of the Intermediate Confederation named Captain Vance Erby, played by Scott. These two are always getting through each other. Bradford escapes and then tries to stop the shipment of gold ingots that "infiltrated" from the VC by someone other than. . . Erbe! "Hey, what's he doing here !?" terrible. Bogart plays a laughable Mexican bandit and can not determine who is playing with him. Mary Hopkins plays a mysterious character called "Julia Hain", obviously a historic breakthrough in the city's first lady, Julia Bullet, who is in fact a famous whore. She goes to Washington and speaks honestly about saving Bradford (not Erbe) from commenting Blah Blah. Go and conclude. They have commented on the writer. In "Real Life," Twain said that on the last day of the war, the sun raised the American flag over a mountain. Davidson appears to appear to the puzzled citizens, strangely flamed, like the film. Three days later they discovered that on that day the South surrendered. One of the interesting things in the film is how Alan Hill and Gwyn Williams both throw their pistols forward when they shoot, as they do in hunting, or try to speed up bullets. Not a bad idea for the film. The same type of idiots are filled on sap and corn throughout the film. O God, how can you miss the golden madness, the heavy wealth, the gun battles in the silver mines, Mark Twain escaped from the town and beat him after a confrontation, the twisted railway, opera fire, Artemis Ward, Auction. . ? All this high on a mountain surrounded by desert? The truth was not true. Has its truly wonderful wealth provoked the Great American Holocaust? Well, if you return this movie, it will not be the first disaster out of Virginia. It is a disappointment for Virginia city fans because they miss what made the city a "city of illusions", where it is said to be leaking out of evil. . . Well, otherwise, it's a fun movie. Flynn and the gang are always great regardless of the history you destroy. If Flynn plays himself corrupt I will double my assessment.
