Let's enter the world of this film for a second, so you can understand the kind of film we're dealing with here better. <br /> <br /> Edison is one of those really stupid films where the bad guy and his men are left. 50,000 bullets shoot the good guy behind the walls and columns, yell at them, and finally they get to the good guy face to face instead of killing him ...... instead of wasting this guy who caused you a lot of grief .... instead of just walking and pop! ..... What do you do? The bad guy is talking to him. The good man grabs and talks to him as he holds his gun. They have nothing to talk about! Shoot it! Shoot it now! But he talks to him anyway. Oh something else. In the end, a newspaper says "PULITZER PRIZE WINNER STORY RIGHT HERE" or anything above directly on the first page of a sheet, when it is like the first time the story is printed. So how did anyone beat Pulitzer because it was so fast? Yes, you know these kinds of stupid movies? Well, this is good with Edison in a nutshell. <br /> <br /> You can get the wonderful Morgan Freeman and the hard-eyed Kevin Spacey who plays both the phone in his full roles, LL Cool J who literally flops at every moment of the film, while proposing to his girlfriend in a dusky nightclub. All the places, and the last one "Duck" is something of a deadly weapon never made before ... Justin Timberlake shines and scatters nonsense every time he speaks, a little cocky bastard The only bright spot is crazy Dylan McDermott making a better impression of "Denzel from Training Day ", which was quite fun. <br /> <br /> Yes, what is the film about? Er, something about the scandals involving the fictional Special Forces police force in Edison called FRAT (I swear I'm not making these things) that was supposed to be a clear play from the SWAT. Timberflack scoffs at something wrongly committed after a murder involving two secret police from the FRAT, said he was quick to search for a story, and gained the confidence of his boss Freeman along the way while both revealed something bigger and more evil than they thought Blah, It looks like a heroic swan summary on a half-day's training.The rhythm was slow and off, it was th - Everyone in this movie never thought, damn a stupid movie, it has become difficult for you to write any kind of review of him because the film left my second mind Finished ... Do not lie basically, d do not waste your time!
