They must issue the plot for all the experienced filmmakers who arrive at the Hollywood bus station. Then they fill up the spaces and put their story in any urban city or urban neighborhood they just arrived from. You know exactly what this film is about from the opening shot, four young boys playing with a slow, loving movement, accompanied by a voice on the narrative. The next stop after the bus station should be to buy shots of four young boys playing with a slow, gracious movement. Once they grow, it is easy to discover the writer / director among the four. He is the quiet, contemplative, long-haired person who has never seen through his book included in his panties. This means that his brilliant talent in writing will be his ticket from Hickville to Hollywood. There is only a writing, or directing talent presented here. If you are still unable to identify the person who is it, here is a hint: The author and his personality have the same middle name. It took over an hour to find out that these twenty men were supposed to be in high school. What looked like a prison was apparently a high school, it turned out that the prison director was the headmaster. Once again, the poor rebels, misunderstood, can push everyone in the film to the sidewalk, killing and looting, but they are unable to stand up to his alcoholic father. What about hitting the back, baby, as everyone else? Many fist fighting scenes for any obvious purpose. Bad dialogue. Many scenes are very bad. Cartoon characters continue to appear as additional puppets and add-ons, attracting unintentional laughter from the first audience. Excessively exaggerated. If you do not get self-important speeches or slow motion scenes, just listen to arrogant music. It will guide you to what you feel. Poor Marissa Ryan must intensify a large number of frequent miles while traveling across the country to work in these amateur regional films. The biggest sin is that the public is supposed to feel empathy for the children who drop the old ladies, the puppies are chained to a tree, they steal and steal, all the time complaining about their sad and sad lives. But if we can get out of this town of Hick and go to college. Yes, this is the card. Why does every filmmaker think of twenty things that his life so far is very important, and very interesting, so that the world can not wait to see it on screen? If this film is his autobiography as it seems, it is better that the author searches for his shoulder about the policemen who carry the fugitive's orders.
