When The WILD BUNCH (1969) opened the door to the horrific performances of hyper-graphic violence, he did so with a talented hand (if whisked) in directing the camera and had an attractive story with characters that had real depth, but at any time At times, there were dozens of imitators who went beyond the standard set by the Beckenba epic, and Soldier BLUE is certainly in this category. <br /> <br /> SOLDIER BLEW, er, BLUE tells the story of a New Yorker error Christa Lee (Candice Bergen) Hickey Ashkar was rescued from two years of captivity between the Cheyenne tribe and is now being sent to a fort where she will be reunited with Khatib. He wants to marry for his money. Also on board the vehicle you travel is a shipment of government gold, and the money it needs Cheyenne to buy weapons with it, so in a short time the soldiers are cleared and Christa escapes to the hills, accompanied by Hunus Gant (Peter Strauss), single-surviving cavalry. Christa is named "Blue Soldier" called Gantt Blue, and explains that her years between the "savages" took a long time, surpassing Gant's survival skills, common sense, and transparent balls, and during their journey to the fort that They must persevere against him. Elements, gang of hostile Kiowa, unscrupulous dealer? Donald Blaise played, giving here one of his most ridiculous shows, and that says something? In the tradition of many of the previous Western romantic comedy films, each other. <br /> <br /> During their harassment, the antibodies are inevitably? Predictable? Are attracted to each other and eventually get it? While Gant was injured by a fresh bullet that was cleared during his leg, what is less? In what was definitely the only cave that was located in a suitable place at least for a radius of 12 miles it was not full of bells, or blacks, or who knows what, to say something about Cheyenne, who could have done something really great using such a Primo Apartment (there I go, think about New York City real estate terms again). <br /> <br /> Realize that their love can never thrive outside the cave, leave Cresta Gantt and go to the fort alone to discover that the responsible jerk will not spare a couple of men so they can gant rescue The battalion needs all the individuals available to attack on The nearby Cheyenne village, once Christa gets rid of going beyond her slippery abhorrent, makes a direct line to Cheyenne to warn them of what will come. <br /> <br /> What happens next is what the film has rumored; it turned out that all the wrong and wrestling adventures were just a prelude to reviving the Sand Creek massacre of 1864, the orgy of rape, torture and general sadism committed in the name of " Country ". Nearly 40 years after its release, this sequence continues to be a source of irritation and nausea because of its extreme cruelty. Children are trampled under the hooves of the horse or mad on bayonets, cutting off the heads of unarmed people? Beautiful effect, I have to admit? Women are stripped and intimidated by gangs of savage savages, then raped and maimed ?? In a truly sick state, a nude woman is already fighting a lot, so her rapist decided to cut her breasts, and fortunately, we see a start just before the camera moves on to the history of some other hideous acts? And the shooting and dismemberment of dozens of innocent people, their grassy parts were cut off and waved at a victorious ceremony or held as the most cruel souvenir. No joke, this scene will immediately be rated NC-17 if it is released today, so as not to say anything likely to motivate the original US interest groups to riot on the streets because of the exploitative way in which the atrocities are portrayed. <br /> <br /> I support westerners who are not shy about honest pictures of how the West wins or is stolen if the truth is told, but this film has no idea what kind of film it wants to be; in a minute, it's a hypocritical Hippo lecture on how The whole indigenous people were treated (well, DUH!), And then it is a tepid battle of sex masquerade where Christa herself proves five times the man Gant is and managed to emerge warmly at the tasty Red Booncho (with no underwear), but all comes out of The window when Donald Blazens shows up with a hilarious pair of unwanted buck tooth teeth and our heroes must know Ki In order to escape the deadly clutches in the sub-scheme does not go anywhere, all culminating in the height of the above-mentioned end. Any of those nails might be fine for a coherent film, but the end result is a mess that ruined the horrors of the last ten minutes of all that it deserved in the movie and propaganda. <br /> <br /> But by trying to be everything for all the masses, SOLDIER BLUE ends up being an incongruous Mulligan of premeditated political correctness, but if they tell the story of the Sand Creek massacre, is not it good to have Are there some Indian characters that were more than exercises with Murphy Brown acting as their mouthpiece? We know absolutely nothing about the people who have been eliminated just because it seems to be a great trick to attract moviegoers to see "the most brutal film in history." If you, like me, are fascinated by provocative declarations and reviews that evoke almost endless praise for "the audacity to tell her as they were," take her word and let SOLDIER BLUE slowly turn into cinematic obscurity.
