LL Cool J performed much better in this movie that I expected! He did a great job as a "rebel" policeman in a "rebel" section. From the very beginning, he does a great job of building viewers' sympathy with his character and his predicament. He acts like a kind of "gentle giant" - a person who can frighten someone's harsh exterior, but his heart is clearly the right place from the start - and he does a wonderful job. He was clearly the best character in the film. <br /> <br /> This was definitely a performance that would not win Morgan Freeman. After starring in power films like Shawshank Redemption, this film was definitely a step down. His role in Edison simply was not allowed to show his true talents as an actor - and in terms of the conglomeration of characters he sadly placed on a back burner. There are many ways in which his character (Moses Ashford) can take a larger pivotal role. It was not disappointing and a real dip. I was hoping to see more of him in this film. <br /> <br /> Timberlake must stay in the music industry. His portrayal of a young journalist was badly and unconvincing. This film is a typical motion picture (at least initially) that bears some resemblance to the corrupt police in Los Angeles in the past. Being an action movie, it contains his share of shoot scenes, blood and courage. These scenes are often unrealistic and painfully predictable. Watching the beginning of the film Few doubts about what will happen in the end - think of what you usually expect in a good dispute between the police / police bad - and is not much like shooting by the real police What bothered me most is how the character of Timberlik during the scenes shooting. Start owning guns and not using them. Then when he finally turns to use one he shoots as if he shoots all his life. Then runs out of bullets and has no weapon - after 30 seconds, without moving or anything - suddenly he has two fully loaded weapons and additional ammunition ?! Simple mistakes like this really ruined the film for me. <br /> <br /> If what you're looking for is a wildly fictional plot in a fantasy world where everything looks fine, you're likely to love this movie. Personally, I do not care what kind of film is as long as it's realistic. Let me believe that the story is real. This story was so clearly fictional in so many ways that I felt dissatisfied.
