I hate to look like an "old man", but frankly I have not seen much of the films I like and that were produced after 1960 ... In general, the movies seem to get worse and worse (although I enjoyed the ' , My Sweet ", except for the sex scene" de rigeur "which did not add anything of value to this film). It seems that this film makes the mother, a former chorus girl in Las Vegas, unable to survive on her own, although she is clearly in her 50s (although she hinted she was in her forties). I did not buy it. I am 57 years old and like all the women I know in my 50s and 40s, more than my ability to survive alone (as I have been doing since I graduated from high school in 13 years). ) <br /> <br /> The girl does not believe in her job ... she gets a promotion she does not deserve (a great chance) and drops that ball too. But when another employee climbs up to the dish and is ready to apply, the book calls it " Opportunistic, "when she was doing what any professional would do, taking advantage of a wide-ranging opportunity to create it Lack of self-discipline for her co-worker, a girl who does not seem to understand the concept of fulfilling her promises (to her boss, in this case). <br /> <br /> The girl reluctantly "allows" her mother to stay with her, on a temporary basis, but then treats her mother (the woman who sacrificed her life and set her up to "puberty") like a pariah. It seems that "writers" like them do not understand that it is not "common" that parents behave like children and then are treated as children by their children. This is just a social "nonsense" Hollywood continues its attempt to force our throats as though we, their audience, are stupid to our desire to enjoy their creative performances. <br /> <br /> This is a sad movie with a stupid ending. If the young restaurant owner was real and not a two-dimensional television personality, he lived with the mother, who was no older and very attractive. But he finally falls for the daughter, a shallow and uninterested girl who has that youthful attraction, but in a normal and nice way. (The "opportunistic" young girl who worked with this girl was "nothing" more attractive, physically.) There was no reasonable reason to tell the public why the restaurant was favored for the daughter (who was close, selfish , Self-centered that treated her mother with incredible disrespect) to the mother - a friendly, kind, sweet, humorous woman, Joey de vivre his daughter could not even begin to understand. Of course, the mother was suffering from her faults ... Her reaction to her husband's death was by drinking herself in shock for a year or two afterward, which supposedly created the rift between her and her imitation daughter. <br /> <br /> Regardless of how characters are developed or not developed, this is a great and time-consuming film for your precious watch time unless you really like it. (Where is mustard?)
