Although I had no idea what to expect about this film, this was certainly because hell was not what I was thinking about, nothing came to mind. As soon as I heard about her presence, all I knew was that I had to own a movie called Please Do not Eat The Babies. Unfortunately, I only found a copy under the alternative title, Island Fury. Looking back, I think I can call it a losing situation. On the one hand, I still do not know that I am the one who owns a film called "Please Do not Eat Children," and on the other hand, Island Fury will eventually reveal itself as a terrible, futile and tedious piece of garbage. Yes, you will certainly lose. <br /> <br /> I'm not sure what type they're going to go here. In the early 1980s, with the possibility of reversing the flashback, which may actually be longer than the flashback. First, chasing two teenage girls by two bad guys, once caught, draws the attention of bad guys to one of the girls carrying a coin on a thread, around her neck, and these so-called bad guys are most often known as these hidden coins on an island somewhere. Here things start to strange, in a way that these men know a trip they made to some islands, years earlier, when they were only 10 years old. I think this is supposed to mean that girls should know exactly where this alleged treasure is. Now, we are in the past, while the girls are trying to regain their steps, so these bad guys do not kill them, even though I did not think about it. In the flashback, the 10-year-old counterparts take a boat ride with their sisters and sisters, eventually stopping near an island for some air, mingling with some of the killers and children. There is no suspense or potential reasons for surveillance, but the flashback was undoubtedly better than the present, which, though, does not say much. <br /> <br /> For a while I forgot the original story, at some point, I think I probably had the director too, and when the finishing touches were over, that would be the end, which would have worked for me considering that This disappointment was shortened to half an hour. This futile film inside a futile film ends in the end, and real things happen, but they are stupid. I guess I did not exactly expect a movie full of babies devouring, or anything like that, but I was expecting some form of B-strange entertainment, most of which was just a confusing, incompetent, and uncertain story. My advice would be to look for something as valuable as attacking the beast creatures. If anyone, I would recommend this only to serious B movie collectors who must have everything, and probably anyone else interested in brain damage. What really gets me is that I still have an idea of ​​why you name it please do not eat children. 10/03
