When a film appears from a meaningless and incomprehensible book, the reason can always be found in the book: either it is useless to start with it, or the point can not be easily transferred to the film, or the film has been missed. The most frequent of these results, the easier to occur, especially when the point is not easily identified. The book "Morphorn Callar" has a point; each reader should feel this, and feel as if he got it; but I think most of them could not mention it in words. I'm not sure I can do it myself, but maybe it is, or something like that: things come, things go, this is life, but we continue; or anyway some of us - people like Morphorn - do. There is no doubt that a more conscious critic can build a more appropriate definition. But the important fact is that there is a point - perhaps the whole story total is the point - and that this will be the main thing that we must keep in mind, and continue, in adapting the story with the film. It is clear that the maker of this film missed this point, and does not replace it. This film does not revolve around anything. <br /> <br /> This is not the usual complaint to book lovers of violating their favorite text. The advantage of the book is something she reluctantly admitted: reading it was found to be a bloody nuisance, suitable for kicking the author into trousers and calling him to finish the task correctly. The narrative is supposed to be Murfren's uneducated work, but this illusion is constantly being squandered by dozens of different kinds of literary influence, as if the author were twisting it with his pen; there are contradictions in style and tone, as if different sections were formed at times And any conclusions I could reach about Morphorn had to remain temporary because she was not sure what the author intended and did not do: for example, although Murphren described himself as a target, am I wrong in the end that she is still in The foundation is a working class Scottish girl , And under its cover of musical downloads that are not very different from previous generations? Anyway, despite my wrath of the author, I could not deny that his book stuck with me; and what I could not get out of my head was the position of his personality, its angularity in the world, which was almost as vivid as the image of Goya. Morphern is the kind of person who always faces positions at once comic and somewhat horrific; from time to time she calls them but often falls on them, such as flies, so that a large part of her life consists of a kind of laugh but through graceful and practical unconsciousness and philosophical - This does not begin to describe them distinctly enough. The Incident Complex and Morphren's answers to it are the essence of the book, and its achievement, in revealing a cross-section of existence, will be difficult to illuminate otherwise; although my penchant for the book, I can see this. <br /> <br /> Morvern's just described Morvern is not from the movie; or if so, most of them remain off the screen. The actress who might have been appropriate for the character, if she was the right age at the right time, is Anjrad Rees, from the old TV series "Boldark". Samantha Morton sounds good: she is rather the actress herself, and in one of her previous films, "The Son of Jesus," she played the role of a girl who could be transformed into this film with some modifications. Unfortunately, when the film appeared, she did not have a character from the book to play. For one thing, the book is, if it is required to be a theater, it actually calls for monologues by the main character of the audience; without its comments, its point of view, its voice, the story loses most of its meaning. Much of it has been lost because the converter removes it from its comic and terrible elements: the most memorable events are reduced to the book before it becomes courageous, and thus Morphorn's responses (both to amusement and surprise, according to her mood) are also missing. In short, the film director chose, for some reason, to turn a lively comic story into a beautiful television film and chose as a model picture of Mrs. Morton suffering from artistic shadowed grief; as if the Morphorn Walk she took was a tour of the Cross Stations. This is not at all what the book is about, or the book Morvern. For another thing, Morvern is not Scottish (she said in an interview she did not have time to study dialect), and it should be: It is important that she and her family and colleagues are all in one place. Finally, the film loses the end of the story: Morphorn spends all she has and returns home to the icy darkness: it's winter, the dam has frozen, power is over, and the bar is dark. Less of this, and the lack of the rest, the rest is a failed technical film, or dead film, on a subject whose strength lies precisely in its refusal, or original inability, to surrender to being dead.
