This presentation is an ideal example of how CBC's commitment to either news, sports or satirical comedy comedy. As a developer of comedy stand, CBC has shown that it can combine "King of Kensington" and belly laughter from The Beachcombers. It's embarrassing for big programs like "Kids in the Hall" and "Second City" to share their comedic roots with this lame production. <br /> <br /> I must admit, I did not give this offer many opportunities from the start when I heard its meaning. To begin, half of the concept is a direct attempt to curtail one of the few comic successes in Canadian English history, Corner Gas. The rest of the concept - cultural clash - is far from the original and is often used as a lancet for lazy screen writing. The choice of Islam as a basis for the characters "out of the water" seems to be a desperate attempt to be "passive" and "topical," but it comes in duress. Some jokes that are based on a local reaction to newcomers are a total insult to the intelligence of all concerned, especially the public. <br /> <br /> This presentation is an ideal example of how CBC will only "get it" when it comes to creating Canadian content, especially when introducing Canada as a multicultural environment. Cultural diversity in Canada is not necessary in this cruel and coercive way. A refreshing change would be to see CBC offering diversity in PBS without making the presentation revolve around the diversity mentioned. I doubt that CBC has enough talent from the sitcom to produce something very subtle. A comparison can be made with the manner in which diversity is described in the Gas Corner. Indigenous people are not discriminated against because of their race and their heritage is not used to create story lines. More realistically, their lives and other personalities are intertwined in a manner that does not make ethnicity more important than any of their other personal characteristics. <br /> <br /> This is said, even as a formula equivalent to water comedy this show failed. Weak representation, comic setup all over the map, the story building that I saw was beyond belief suspension, even for comedy. The only saving grace is the talented Derek McGrath, who is terribly wasted here. I doubt that even the addition of guest stars (Colin Mochery, for example, as Archbishop of Anglican) could save this dog. I decided to give the show an opportunity once the "noise" on CBC broke down; but there were two cases where I could stand up - I almost felt my mind was closing with every failed package. The best interval service can be provided by further airing or restarting Air Farce or Dr. Who. Even infomercial will be an improvement.
