We all know that some of the greatest films of all time were based on books. Although these films were not particularly accurate, they were excellent films. Some great examples are the Harry Potter series, the Lord of the Rings trilogy, and, to a lesser extent, almost every Disney film. However, I have to declare that "wrinkles in a timely manner" is not those films. Not only does he fail to meet some of the basic expectations of the Madeleine L'Engle fan base, he is able to challenge scriptwriting standards, acting, special effects and ultimately respect for the audience. I do not try to be mean; on the contrary, I went to this issue with an open mind. I figured that was made for T.V. The film will compensate for its lack of razzle-dazzle in its text. After all, the occasional Star Wars Ewoks were decent, albeit a bit silly. If you look at it, the original Star Wars game was built on a "money lunch budget" and look at where it took George Lucas! However, from the first scene onwards, disappointment began to envelop me as if I were very close to Black Thing while I was dealing. <br /> <br /> In the same way that the shooting of Greedo for the first time became a symbol of the 1997 Star Wars Special Edition (a disaster of enormous proportions, including an outburst that makes many hideous changes to a beloved classic), Whatsit officially launched Become my personal symbol of confusion and stupidity which is wrinkling in time. The reason for this is that they have shifted beyond belief. Apart from the somewhat controversial decision to choose Alvary Woodard (Star Trek: First Contact and Radio) as our favorite star turned into a mentor, filmmakers decided it was appropriate to present it as a crow. That's right, Crow. In addition, the figure of the heavenly leader of this beloved figure was largely broken by what appeared to be an eight-year-old man; half a majestic man, half a winged horse, became a huge human head with a creepy smile pinned awkwardly to the body of a jagged horse It hits a pair of wings in the middle. If I were five years old, this would have shocked me for life. The worst of it is that when it occurs, back from the back to avoid the responsibility of synchronizing the lips, resulting in the scene spent looking at the back of his head and seeing a single cheek, making a piece of less special effects ratifying ET <br /> <br /> After I got the most painful part of the road, I must go to the part that stimulates the tear: characters, acting and story. Personally, I always imagined that Meg looked somewhat similar to Harry Potter's "Moaning Myrtle": normal hair, glasses, and the most popular models. She has always been concerned about the somewhat pessimistic math genius who could not have cared much about imports and exports from Nicaragua. In the film, she is an unpleasant character who has no sympathy for her at all. In fact, it makes me feel sorry for poor Mr. Jenkins, the principal of her school, whom he has to deal with constantly. Calvin, the kind, smart kid that everybody thinks he's a jock? The irony is terrible. As for the memorable Happy Medium, they took the nice old woman who liked to look at the happy things and was replaced by being "above sex" and liked to look at the "ridiculous" things, like the girls who get off the swing. The only three people I can think of who did a good job are Charles Wallace, Ms. Wattst, and the Red-eyed Man (nicknamed the "Red-eyed Man" because of his full reinvention as a character). The story is a mess. A good comparison of this aspect of the film is Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, who did little to recount the story in the book, but they kept the original work. Here, the only book is a pleasant conversation with Hades down in the underworld, apparently unaware that his body is being destroyed. As the Dark Lord completes alone about the extent to which he shows the truth and does not see it, the eccentric swirls of Exchil (which replaces the strange beings that carry the aunt of the beast in their ranks) rupture the spine. As the God of the Dead observes the fear of the earth-like terror of Kamazot, the torn pages are scattered in the sandstorm and lost in the darkness of the land of evil. <br /> <br /> I am very sorry for the existence of this film. I do not think the actors were really bad. It is the way in which the characters that destroy it are written. The "Wrinkles of Time" deserves to be adapted to Laurence Cassdan, directed by George Lucas or Steven Spielberg, enhanced by industrial light and magic, recorded by John Williams, given his voice on Skywalk Sound, edited by THX and marketed by Twentieth Century Fox. In its current state, the film is not worth showing to people who respect themselves. Even Madeleine Langel thought it was bad. The book was good, the film was bad, and Mrs. Whatsit was ugly. <br /> <br /> Rating: 0.1 / 10 (if you can) <br /> <br /> Positives: <br /> They got the correct names. <br /> <br /> Disadvantages: <br /> <br /> You have had terrible problems with the Cliffs Notes level of adaptation, text, representation and special effects, not to mention the lack of evidence to read the book. Oh, the main cover / poster has a picture of the three main characters riding a horse flying over the castle. Some may say that this symbolizes high adventure. I say it symbolizes the irresponsibility of a cover artist that did not bother Photoshop Meg properly.
