At the beginning of the movie, you can check the DVD cover and re-read the summary a few times, but do not worry. Not a "giraffe diary" that I bought; just a film with a more elegant and elegant introduction than it has any right to be. However, the opening is the best thing about the entire film, illustrating how the master of the Samurai sword in 1840 held his wife guilty of adultery. He cut off the lovers before doing some hara-kiri (ritual suicide by removing it). That day was limited when the US ambassador in Japan welcomed a friendly family and led them to the same house where the massacre took place about a century and a half ago. From then on, this would seem to be a domestically inhabited home, but the completely backward and unreasonable text still makes it somewhat exceptional. Let's start with the good aspects, namely the original Japanese setting and the presence of the delicious Susan George, who is my favorite British horror singer all the time (well, along with Bret Eckland, Linda Hayden and Ingrid Pitt). The bad aspects simply include that the script is unconnected, non-intuitive and irreparable, and is full of annoying disturbing shifts that only make you laugh. The rest of the troubled house soon begins to entertain themselves by breaking into the bodies of new tenants and causing them to do all kinds of crazy things. The slaughtered spirit of a slaughtered woman is especially poised to squeeze Susan's charming spoils and turn them into a sordid seduction! In this "owned" state, she was luring the American ambassador abroad to have sex in the garden of a dinner party in a high-rise community full of distinguished guests. So, strictly speaking, it is not "evil" that dwells in the house. Just a trilogy of flabby ghosts with dirty minds and plenty of spare time on their dead hands! These scenes are obviously more comic than scary, especially as light, transparent shapes remind you of the subtle ghost effects that were later promoted in Ghostbusters. "House where evil dwells" is probably the most frightening ghost movie ever. Throughout most of the run-time, you will wonder if director Kevin Connor (who has filmed the excellent horror films "Motel Hell" and "Beyond Beyond the Grave") deliberately wants to make his film too funny and too much, such as the Hell Motel. But again, everyone in the crew keeps talking about his / her lines in a straight and sincere way, so I think we should take everything seriously and feel disturbed. "The house where evil dwells" is not suspicious or remotely significant and does not even contain shocking images, regardless of the massacre at first. I am quite aware of how shallow it looks, but the scenes where Susan George returned naked are the only real features. Well, these also invade the spiders with cheese and ridiculously intensity (or are they crab?) In the daughter's bedroom. How completely random and irrelevant was it? If you ever decide to give this movie a chance, regardless of its bad reputation, be sure to leave the sense of logic and thinking at the doorstep. <br /> <br /> Trivia note for horror buffs: Keep your eye open to Satan - a mask that was also a pivotal piece of scenery in the classic Japanese horror Onibaba.
