The film begins with a peaceful portrait of a traditional Japanese house complete with a straw roof on a small hillside. The screen reads "KUSHIATA KYOTO, JAPAN 1840". A young Japanese samurai named Masanori (Toshiya Maruyama) walks in the winding road to the house, waiting for Otami (Mako Hattori) who has an affair behind her husband, Tsujioki Sasaki (Tsuyuki Sasaki) who returns to be the teacher Masanori. Shoguro arrives at the house unexpectedly to find that there is an intimate relationship between his wife and his student. He destroyed his angry samurai honor, who brutally killed both Otami and Masanori before committing suicide. More than a century later, Ted Fletcher (Edward Albert) arrives in Japan on a working holiday with his wife Laura (Susan George) and their little daughter Amy (Amy Barrett). Their close friend Alex Curtis (Doug McClure) who works at the US Consulate helps them find a place for them, you do not need me where you are! He joked that she is going very cheap because she is inhabited, where Ted and Laura laugh because they obviously do not believe in ghosts, at least for now. Almost immediately the film goes to put cliches. The lights turn on and off on their own, and Laura has a feeling of unease about the place, while Zen Monk (Henry Metwa) gives them an ominous warning to leave before it is too late. The souls of Otami, Masanori and Shoguro were condemned to stay forever inside the walls of the house because of the curse of Magio (Tsuiyako Olegima). But there may be a way to break a curse, unfortunately for the Fletcher family it may cost them their marriage, their daughter and maybe even their lives. <br /> <br /> Directed by Kevin Connor, I thought this film was fairly mediocre, well to watch it once if you had nothing better, but after a day or two, you might have forgotten it completely. Nothing in memory is particularly bad, but on the other hand there is nothing good about the film either. The script for Robert Sohosky of James Hardiman's novel is a little on the boring side and exclusively, there are a lot of ghostly events that occur throughout the film but none of it is interesting or very sexy and the flat figures and direction does not help things. There are two silly sequences such as giant plastic crabs that try to get Amy and her babysitter, Norumi (Mayumi Umeda). There is a scene where Zen Monk overthrows the house and the ghosts are thrown out of the exterior unable to return, but this opens up Ted's door simply and only walk in the back, some evil spirits! Another thing, I think it was a bad idea to have Doug McLaur, who was forty-seven years old when he tried it, try his hand at Kung-Fu and the Eastern Swords! George takes out her bumper breasts several times including a very strange sexual scene with the chlorinated, although large pains and two bed sheets that stick out like superlative glue have been taken to ensure there is no less nudity than the waist. Apart from the two main pieces of the screen mostly, there is no blood, gore or violence to talk about. The "transparent" ghost effects are fine but will not affect many people these days. It has been made professionally enough and looks very nice, but the potential in Japan's atmosphere and superstition has dissipated because it could have been in America, England or any Western country without having to change anything. Time washer ok.
