The 1930s saw the advent of documentaries around the world's most remote corners, with an emphasis on wild animals, exotic terrain and primitive people with unusual cultures. Although the logistics of moving the film crew to a remote and dangerous place, and then reappearing alive (with movie clips), these films were often much cheaper than those achieved by traditional Hollywood features ... because there was no cost Fashion and fashion collections or high-priced movie stars. <br /> <br /> The most successful filmmakers (both technically and financially) were Martin E. Johnson and his wife Osa, who made several documentaries (sometimes with stark events) in Africa and Asia. Johnsons' movies were very common, inspiring many parodies ... notably Wheeler & Woolsey's "So This is Africa", where Esther Muir plays a very sexy character named Johnson-Martini (instead of Martin E. Johnson , Judet?). Although many other filmmakers produced documentary films for Safari at this time, Johnsons movies were the most popular in this genre because they relied heavily on humor. If we look at it from our more enlightened point of view (I hope), this is a serious flaw in Johnsons' documentary films: there are many scenes where young people make brown or yellow fools to become complete fools, easily surpassed by smart white Bona Johnson and his wife. <br /> <br /> One obvious feature of these films is the presence of Usa Johnson. Ten years younger than her husband, she managed to look small enough to be his daughter. Although she is certainly not attractive like the beautiful blond Esther Moyer, she was a brilliant brunette Osa Johnson made wonderful performances in front of the camera in all the films she co-produced with her husband. <br /> <br /> "Kongorilla" is probably the best Johnsons movies. The Congolese footage is interesting and has historical value as evidence of this environment in 1930. The dwarfs and indigenous people are also interesting, although they suffer from Johnson's tendency to organize events in such a way as to make the indigenous people seem "savage" and strange. <br /> <br /> The best (and funniest) scene in "Congorilla" is an improvised sequence where Osa Johnson tries to teach jazz to some dwarf women. (Dance is the black bottom, no less ... the same dance that famous Bob Hope taught to Daisy and Violet Hilton, twin couriers.) Wearing jodhpurs, riding shoes, and Beth's helmet, Osa Johnson begins to sing that she takes high strides and slaps her knees in her attempt to teach this Dancing for African Women. At the same time, they just stare at her, wondering what this crazy white woman is trying to achieve. It is a very funny scene, but it has unpleasant tones. Usa Johnson is dancing the black Americans. This seems to mean that black Africans should be able to perform this dance instinctively after a short demonstration (using a normal rhythm, I think) because it is in their blood or something. <br /> <br /> I will classify "Consorilla" 4 points out of 10. This film speaks little about African life in the 1930s and more about American cultural perceptions of that decade itself.
