Did you get into something or did the bad smell come from Daybreak 1 + 2? Was God behind everything? What is God's relationship with science fiction? God is the only solution when you can not think of a reasonable interpretation of something. In fact, this is exactly the end chain problem - obviously they could not think of reasonable explanations for many of the big questions raised throughout the series such as how Kara Thrace got back from the dead in a completely new snake, how she ended up doing her old snake and her body On the ground 2, why he had 6 fake heads in his head, 6 why he had a false tire in her head, etc. Absolutely. <br /> <br /> The plot of the last episodes was made up of holes large enough to fly a Pistar. For example, why is Galactica and its crew on a suicide mission to save one girl (Hera), especially after Adama said there was no way to try to rescue? Because they discovered the site of the Ceylon base? This is not a good reason to sacrifice the lives of the crew. How did Anders know the site? What are the benefits of past memories in the lives of the main characters before the war? It seems as if they forgot to do so early, so they threw something at the last minute. <br /> <br /> The people who wrote the last two episodes were not the same writers who invented what was so exciting a series. Evangelical Christians seemed to have acquired such scriptwriting in a mission to spread the word. Forget the attempt to tie the loose ends to the plot, and the important message the book wanted to convey is: Do not put your trust in technology because it will destroy you; God is your final salvation (hard luck if you have a disease that needs medical treatment). <br /> <br /> Imagine in the last movie of the Star Wars series they tell you that there is no "power" ... instead, Jedi actually gets his power from Jesus. Then fly their own spaceships to the nearest star and go straight into the forest with the Ewoks. Will this be a good end? No it's annoying "will not.
