Dear Lord, how was any part of this movie approved by anyone? It's cheese from start to finish, but it's not good cheese. It is the most tender, crudest and most tastiest cheese, and I can not believe that there are people who really enjoyed it. Yes, if you see that with a lot of buddies / stone-throwing friends, some pieces may be funny, but for the rest of the audience the only fun part is when a bunch of friends throw out popcorns and abusive insults. In each other and the screen. I saw him with a man laughing, and he had a few beers ready for a chuckle in the film. We got foolish (lots of them), but we did not get chuckles. It is not even a very bad film. It's just bad bad. very bad. Here's why (look away if you're a spoiler): The movie begins with someone beating another man to death. Well, I was a few minutes late, so I'm not sure why, but I think I understood the message "This man is a heresy and does not want to mess with it" behind the innovative scene. Oh, and the man attests to it. So, we already have our very bad evil man, and wussy but a nice good guy (apparently). Hero Cue. Big Sam goes to the scene the usual way, providing the good guy with the usual unusual way that only bad-action movies can achieve, that is, Hero is immune to bullets, and everyone else is rather clumsy. Cue first pit plot. How did Sami know the hell where this man was, or he saw the killing. This may have been explained and answered to all my questions about the opening of the drawing in the minutes before I entered the cinema, but I doubt it. In fact, I will stop laying the holes in the plot here, lest I turn the film into something like Swiss cheese (which we all know is good cheese). Therefore, "plot" (very generous word to use). The good guy must get to Los Angeles, the evil guy prefers not to do, the hero Sam stands between the two. Cue scene for the hour that stimulates the next vomit - passenger plane. As I said, there is no longer a ditch in the holes of the plot, I'll leave it there. Passenger plane. After that, the vital element is missing so far from the jewel of a film, and what makes it all it is - snakes. Yay! Oh, stop. First, we have an introduction to all the mandatory characters that must have a lame movie. A hot couple and two horns (see if you can guess how you die), a dead British man before any snake, until he shows up (these annoying Britons, eh?), The nice kids, Joe Brand. For all of you Americans, there is an English comedy famous for its size and appeal. Now that we have met the cast, let's see them all die (except for young children). Do not expect anything original, it's just snake bites on different and increasingly turbulent parts (really not) of the body. Use your imagination, where it is clear that filmmakers did not use their imagination. <br /> <br /> So, most of the film has been concluded, so far is the best, the end. As expected, everything is just as happy as the plane has landed so everyone is on the horizon by sucking in the face. Yes, cool ice included Sami. But hey, we're not all out of the plane! Another man descends is a good man, but as he does, a snake bites him (thinking about it) (of all things). It is clear that this person was hiding in Mr. Jackson's hair all the time, because he somehow managed to resist the air-compression trick used by the good old hero a few minutes ago, despite a 200-foot constriction (the person who ate that annoying British crow) On. Sam shoots him and the serpent in one fell swoop. At this point I prayed that the film was about to do its part desperately needed and revealed that the hero's length was actually a traitor of some kind. but not. In the type of ice on the cake (but with old cheese, remember), it turned out that the peak of the film was involving a bulletproof vest. How can anyone believe that an audience 10 years ago, let alone in 2006, will be influenced by his creativity, he was good at summarizing the film. <br /> <br /> In fact, they are not quite done yet. After everyone's face is absorbed (Uncle Sam with the leading actress, the good guy with Tiffany, the black man featured with a symbolic white girl, and the warm couple in a heart attack of Candida), it's time for the good man and the hero to continue. ... on my mind !!! No, it was not exciting at all, the exclamation points were only to represent my absolute happiness by seeing the list of credits. Yes, the last shot of the film is a celebratory trip to send the message that indicates a little bonding, and an opportunity for any fools who have already enjoyed the film many times. This is. This is the first time I have published a film review, but I felt strongly that someone should speak out against this scourge in the cinema. If you love airplanes, snakes and Samuel's. Jackson, air stewards, bad guys, windsurfing and dogs in British bags or people, please, please do not watch this movie. This will contaminate all of the above so that you never want to contact any of them again. Go see United 93 instead. that was good.
