This is not a film that you can actually analyze separately from its production. The audience became filmmakers to an unprecedented extent in the history of the American film industry; we felt so involved that watching was like watching a friend's work. How can it be objective? This is our film, is not it? Or is it? There may not be anything more disruptive than a filmmaker who promotes himself as a friend to the public, and gives them all the hooligans deprived by the nanny critics. Just look at this first self-propagandizing Elie Roth, which clearly portends all the lost guts of the literally senseless horror movies, just to redeem a piece of technically inefficient work like "Hostel". <br /> <br /> David R. may not have been. Ellis was born the monster that was the Internet's response to his film, but he was, conceptually, quick to deal with. The filmmaking school at Carnival took a new level and motivated fans to build what they eventually bought. Many people have been so excited by this interactive and democratic approach to filmmaking that they seem to have missed this idea - that this is the most cynical form of film marketing. Nothing filmmakers know fans will not buy, and any old suggestion will get votes on the seats being combined. The fact that the stadium has become the title tells you everything you need to know. <br /> <br /> Is not that just the evolution of the focus group approach? Individual creativity, talent, crafts, and ideas are sacrificed before the masses speak out. It's common not to focus groups and test shows for good movies - why should the internet-based prevention intervention be different? Because we happen to be movie lovers? Well, thank God for us, otherwise I may not see a naked woman biting her snake nipple. <br /> <br /> So, yes, I enjoyed the movie - the midnight show, refreshing from the bar with a bucket of ice cream - but in fact it had only a relative relationship to the film, and a lot of things related to the atmosphere. Like Christmas, everyone seemed determined that they would enjoy, no matter what. There was laughter, but I do not know whether it's about the film or the film. With such a calculated movie, is this a real distinction? There are some good aspects of the film. Samuel Jackson offers good performance and self-mockery but with a real sense of happiness. Rachel Blanchard and Lynn Tea have limited roles, and there are moments or two of inspiration - the fate of the little dog is a really funny black comedy that the rest of the film failed to emulate. <br /> <br /> Stock figures should be predictable, but the total lack of excitement is not. What is the benefit of a film that combines two great phobias if there is no creepy threat? There are many snakes jumping moments, but are very poorly organized. The only British man who gets a decent death scene - the other murders are strangely flat. The demise of the honeymoon, for example, is a shameful failure. Most actors fail to create an impression; it is shameful that an attractive actress like Juliana Margolis seems very tired (when she tells two children to close their eyes and pretend that the turbulent journey is a rotary ship, she can talk to the audience - the film is too short). <br /> <br /> There are worse movies, but there are many, many better ones. Another resident on this site compared this film to Lake Placid, which is just the opposite of anything I can think of. The film worked beautifully because the performances were excellent, the jokes were funny, the suspense sequence was scary, and it was not created by the committee. Those characters with little depth and shading were an unexpected bonus. I do not need to show up after midnight in the bar after having fun with this movie. <br /> <br /> This film will fade, in time, into just a footnote in the film's history. However, if it represents a precedent, I am really concerned about what our screens can express within two years. In all probability, nothing will come of it. Favorite popcorn popcorn - "Raiders of the lost ship", "Alien", "Halloween" and of course, "Star Wars" - not only produced by collective thinking. <br /> <br /> At the same time, I'll tell you what - I do not have half what I crave for some Ingmar Bergman.
