The more you analyze this movie, the worse it becomes. First of all, why motivational speaker? This part was just stupid. I mean, why does the narrow madman who tries to control the world rely on a motivational speaker? Is Alexander Stone really unorganized? First, he can not decide what he wants to do to control the world, so he searches the Bible for ideas. I would add that a lot of these ideas have no reliability (for example, the part "Betty Ishmael and Yitzhak Crying in Horror") could have already happened. Mosques may have been bombing mosques in Baghdad or something.) The Jilin Lin family! They did not have any part but to provide the values ​​of the family clogged their eyes with water! It was added that since Casper van Dien / Gillen Lane was only in his twenties (or this was my impression) and had a 10-year-old boy who had a child during high school. Yes, there are TBN family values. Also, why should this film be so damn publicity? I will repeat what a former reviewer said. The Indiana Jones spells use Christian legends as a plot point and manipulate them well to be drunk. This film does not. The beginning begins well, with Michael Ironsides playing a priest who kills a researcher of some kind and steals the Omega symbol of the dead man. Then when confronted by two men who are clearly afraid, the prophets told him, "Tell your master that we are here!" Dominique (Aeronides) is "already known" and refers to a small surveillance camera. This part sent chills up the spine. If this scene continued as if I loved this movie. I'll give Michael the credit: he does a good job of representing his character, as Michael Eronides does. But the good men are appalled. I've already gone around the Lin family. Now that I have finished acting, I will continue to plan. It is clear that this is a baptismal film, where the pope of the Vatican is portrayed as an agate. The plot of world domination that I loved and found reasonable and accurate, as the sequence of events was exciting and fun. There is another insult against the Vatican, whose leaders are seen as ideologically minded because Jillin explains to the pope that it is not the end of the world, but also another new beginning, as the Vatican (or the Israelis) say they will separate from aince. on the world. Whatever the case, they will not only be separated, they will send more of the commandos and kill them. This is the equivalent of America that knows that the KGB will kill the president and simply say "we will not talk to you anymore!". Come on! I enjoyed watching the bombers go towards Israel and see them again on the screen. Average in short.
