I was very disappointed with this film for several reasons. In the first half of the hour, it's actually very decent. Although acting was not better than that you might find in rap video, it seems funny and the production value does not look bad. In fact, I thought this would be almost as good as Perico Ripiao (another recent Dominican film) which has become much better than I expected. The film is not only about cheating in couples but about how women are viewed and treated in Dominican society as a whole, which makes a good approach especially in the Dominican Republic. Unfortunately, I do not think the makers of this film rely on the fact that the good film revolves around how you deal with your subject, and that they have slaughtered the calf they had before them. After about 30 minutes on the film, the roles of men and women are reflected after his wife puts some key characters of the mantra as a result of his habits of cheating. This transition does not happen only through what appears to be the latest technology in the space age, and CGI effects that I think will be in the 1970s, but the entire plot is receding. The rest of the film is only predictable cheesy situations, one clever linings. (And I think I should warn you now ** SPOILER ALERT **) All this seems to be a dream. Oh my who have not seen it coming? Hey man I forgot almost the most ridiculous thing about the film. After about an hour of it, I start thinking "?? hmmmm does not seem to be something right in the audio track but what could it be?" ?? Then half of the music hits me in the movie filmed from a video game called King of Fighters 95. When will DR give us a film, we can contact Artwork?!?! It may be a comedy to match the French Amelie, or an exciting comedy of Aung Pak Thai, an animation like Akira was for Japan, or a brilliant crime like Layer Cake was in England, or a social wake-up as Waking Life was here in the states. <br /> <br /> ... I would like to give it a 1 but I've seen much worse than DR output, look at Los Jodedores and you'll know what I'm talking about.
