Raising Victor Vargas: Review <br /> <br /> As you know, lifting Viktor Vargas is like holding your hands in a large bowl of oatmeal. It's warm and sticky, but you're not sure if it's true. Try what I might do, regardless of temperature and satisfaction, Victor Vargas always became aware that something was not right. Victor Vargas suffers from some excessive confidence by the director. Apparently, the director believed that the ethnic background of a Latin family on the lower eastern side, and an poetic story that makes the film a critic. He was right, but he did not fool me. The story of "Raising Viktor Vargas" is the story of a 17-year-old boy named Victor Vergas (Victor Rusk) who lives his teenage years chasing the skirt more than Rolling Stones can do in all the years he has toured. The film begins in the "fat ugly" bedroom in Donna, where Victor is sure to be tempted, but a cry from outside interrupts his plans when his best friend Harold (Kevin Rivera) attends. Victor Vargas, who signed up to try Harold and his sister, ran to control the damage. However, even with the awkward suggestion that it bothers the family girl in the neighborhood, there is nothing to discourage young Victor from going in search of more fresh meat. On a hot day in New York City, they pave the way to the local public swimming pool where Viktor's eyes are glimpsed by the beautiful young mermaid Judy (Judy Marty), who is not only beautiful, but also powerful and independent. The relationship that develops between Victor and Judy becomes the focus of the film. The story also focuses on the Victor family, consisting of his grandmother or Abuelita (Altagrasia Guzman), his brother Nino (also played by Victor's real-life brother, Sylvester Rusk) and his sister Vicki (Cristal Rodriguez). Victor's work follows scenes with Judy and the scenes with his family. Victor tries to overcome being an excessive procrastination in attention, his feelings towards Judy and his conservative conservative Catholic upbringing. <br /> <br /> The problems that arise from the lifting of Victor Vargas are some mistakes, but blatant mistakes. During the movie, you will meet certain characters such as Vicky, Nino, Judy, Judy and even the best friend of Judy Melonie. The problem is that we do not know anything about Victor Vargas but it is the biggest laugh in the neighborhood. We know that he knows how to lick his lips, comb his arm, and carry himself in order to attract girls to a bag, but that's it. We know that Nino plays the piano, and is quite calm, you can see it through the family piano awards. We know his sister Nikki, a girl who enjoys chatter and has a great interest in watching television. We know that Grandma is a traditional Latino woman who works hard and tries to raise her children conservatively in a world of excessive corruption. But where is the pottery figure, Victor Vargas? It is in this film somewhere, but we only know what the film tells us. This is by far the biggest drawback in the film. Victor Vargas is not a big figure but a ping pong ball, bouncing back and forth with Judy and his grandmother, but we never knew who Victor Vargas really was. This is important because as I mentioned the only thing we know about Victor Vargas is that he is a sexually active teenager with sexual desire in the size of Manhattan. It's an alpha group of males. Victor Vargas is not the kind of personality I sympathize with at all. Why should one? So at the end of the film, in the wake of our climax, is it really what we meant to believe that Victor Vargas had achieved any depth and learned the mistakes of his ways? How can a two-dimensional personality have any depth? If the director is a little more concerned about the embodiment of his main character rather than worrying about getting that perfect shot by hand. <br /> <br /> Victor Vargas' revival brings Latino's inner city into the big screen. Something that some movies have not done before in the past. The film has been honored for its sense of reality, and I will not find it / I argue about it. I have not seen this level of reality since CBS broadcast the survivor. Seriously, although the film has some nice shots of the city, the writer / director Peter Solit was heavily dependent on close-up footage and hand-held footage. This problem was particularly noticeable in the inner scenes, which were so intense that I had to perform deep breathing exercises to prevent them from going out. As the film continues, the shots become tighter and tighter with the faces squeezed from the chin to the screen; you can smell Victor Vargas' cheap cologne. The overall effect is unrealistic in contrast. The inner interiors of the city's apartments make it look small and cramps, and this is not true. I've been in these type apartments. I used to live in one. It is not wonderful but has high ceilings and decent living spaces. According to the standards of the film, she believes that these apartments were 5 × 5 cells of brick and mortar, broken paint and cracked walls. Unfortunately, the continued use of Solit to capture close-ups and particularly bad shots with zoom in one scene was quite amateurish. But Raising Victor Vargas is the second film only for Sollett, and his most famous film, a powerful filmmaking effort that we hope will improve as he continues to produce films. In one review I read the film's summary as "ethnic for ethnic", and I can not agree more. If Victor Vargas is a film and a truly fascinating story, the application of the characters will not matter whether they are Latino or Chinese, etc. However, if you will take this story and stick it out in the middle class suburbs with a group of teenagers - the best of the white children, the results will not be like these incandescent reviews, we will see the film defects more clearly. In fact, some aspects of the use of Latin in this film bother me. While some aspects of Victor Vargas are other delicate aspects I have to question. For example, Victor, Nino and Vicky share the same bedroom. This triggered a warning for me because it seemed to be contrary to what I believed. A self-respecting Latino family will not have two older brothers sharing the same room with a 13-year-old girl. At first I was not sure, maybe I was wrong, but after talking to my grandmother, I knew my problem was justified. Given how conservative you are, you think Vicky was sleeping in her room. <br /> <br /> As a Latino who grew up in a fairly conservative Cuban house, my grandmother grew up while my mother was working full-time, I can get to the film in several ways, and that's why my critical views are bittersweet because I really wanted to I like this film. Unfortunately, my lack of respect for Victor Vargas ruined my feelings for the film. Maybe that's because Victor Vargas reminds me of those people who were lying while I was playing with Sega Genesis when I was 17. Maybe that's because without any further thought in the film, Victor Vargas is just hot-blooded Latin characters, who will end up screaming to the girls from his car, "Bee Bay, Joe wants to enter my life" Cheen? In both cases I do not like him, so how can I finally love a film about him? So, if you excuse me, I'll put my hand in a bowl of fryc. <br /> <br />
