When teenagers go on a camping trip, there are many cliches that you can guarantee to follow. <br /> <br /> 1) Teenagers will be warned not to go to places where they are walking with local insanity. Dan Van Hossen deals with this silly exhibition about deadly sirens. What, from, how and why they are dealt with in the explosion is almost unclear. 2) The truck will collapse. 3) While searching for help, the group will be split and captured one by one by any monster they have been warned about. 4) They will find a house inhabited by a crazy man, they will be arrested. 5) The house will contain a phone but it will not work, it will be annoyingly decorated, there will be neon light flickering, spiders and larvae. 6) Crazy will catch them as they try to escape in a vehicle that will not start (here was supposed to be a high-speed getaway on the tractor). 7) It seems that the madman will only be killed to come back from the dead to scare the weak and then cheaply kill him. 8) Only a surviving girl will remain from the group. 9) There will be unnecessary development in the end. <br /> <br /> Add to these items the sirens (which seem to interact with characters in amazing ways even though everyone sees them supposed to fall in love with them immediately) that seduces and kills teenagers, ruptures of the throat and corpses Half and you have something like the twelve-year-old boy's dream film. <br /> <br /> I think it is fair to say that my opinion of the director and his previous work is as low as possible, but I am pleased to point out that there are some elements that enjoy the fun and a great improvement in his previous film, Darkhunters, which is one of the worst films I've ever seen Absolutely. Sometimes filmmaking is very good, with music and editing higher than previous movies and some other low-budget horror movies. I was impressed when I heard that it was achieved by one-third of the money spent on the former monster. However, the worst things about this film can not be found in the text of the film, but in the end it is a mild conversion if the film is useless and has been executed repeatedly, but among the DVD add-ons. <br /> <br /> If you rent this movie, I appeal to you to listen to the director's suspension which is unreasonable. There is more to be said about this film than it is. One of the most striking parts of the commentary is the director's claim that Clichy Retin was a preconceived idea. He says it is a deliberate attempt to use all cliches and frankly asks if he "will get people". <br /> <br /> I am afraid to say that if this is supposed to be a clever gesture and a blur of the films of the past and the clichés that are inherited within them, they are not written with enough skill, or behave in a manner that is appropriate to tone and not directed with enough style to work. If this movie has been produced to arrange it, it leads me to ask one question; "What is the point?" This is to fall directly into the law of bad horror movies, an attempt to do something clever or different that did not work. <br /> <br /> The next block of intelligence is a conversation about sneaking into digital movie formats. They rightly point out that a digital number is often synonymous with licenses and ease of use. However, the best moment in the conversation comes when they complain about the fact that when Michael Mann makes a film in coordination, he is described as visionary. There is a simple distinction to be made here; Man is the talented director who will use the coordination to suit his story and style, Roberts is a horror hacker who uses him to produce images of the bottom shelf type. I think the differences are clear and comparison is not only arrogant but redundant. <br /> <br /> The best moment for Robert's comments is on people who have spent time reviewing his previous film. Those who do not like them are generalized as "obsessed", but go beyond that alone because they have the nerve to express their opinions in forums that encourage them to do so. I must confess that I was slightly disappointed that my assessment of his last film was not ridiculed. The tape stretches even further as the group jokes about Norwegian reviewers, completing "hilarious" accents to indicate that people from Norway will not know a good film just because of their place. As always, these kinds of comments point to those who tell them more than those who target them, they make the manager and his friends seem ignorant. <br /> <br /> The package is round with a deliciously distinctive look of how sirens were cast. Robert swore blindly loudly, "I did not want to make a film like Baywatch" where we see test strips for naked girls and naked women roaming the ground. There is also a simplistic and tolerant documentary on the industry of Darkhunters, in which Roberts says one of the reviewers claimed that Forrest was "the best British film in years". I do not know who is trying to convince. At one point in the comment line, Robert joked, "I can see people sitting at home saying, 'That's not amazing, it's not true.
