I was never an enthusiastic viewer of the "Crocodile Hunter", but I sometimes saw a ring, or a little episode, and when the news of Steve Irwin's death from the sting attack in 2006 came to my attention. This film, with Steve and his wife, Terry, playing their role, but in a fictional story, was shown in 2002, but I heard it only after several years, and even after that, it took some time to get around to see it. Well, I've seen it now, and having looked here first (more than once), and I've seen its classification, I was not surprised by how much it disliked it, although it could have been the best BIT. Apparently, it's supposed to be a comedy, so the main problem is that it's not funny at all. <br /> <br /> The American satellite beacon falls from space and land in Australia, where a crocodile swallowed it! While Steve and Terry Irwin are on a mission to pick up the crocodile from a place where cattle are terrified at a farm owned by the crazy Brozzie Drewitt, and do not know what is inside, two CIA agents are sent to Australia to retrieve the lighthouse. ! Agents are assisted by Joe Buckley, and may make the farm owner and her dogs task more difficult for them! On the mission of Steve and Terry, they face other dangerous wildlife, not just the crocodile, and because they have no idea that the crocodile has anything unusual inside it, when Steve sees the CIA agents after them, they mistake the fishermen! <br /> <br /> I did not laugh just once while watching this movie, the only part that made me smile was Steve Irwin using a big snake to scare a CIA agent. Apart from that, I do not think I found anything so amusing to say the least. It is also an incoherent mess, turning back and forth from Australian remote areas to CIA headquarters, and it seems to be clips of "Crocodile Hunter" and clips from a thriller (or something like that) assembled for some reason. Added to the mix are farm scenes, which also look from another place, and funny like Brozzie Drewitt, played by Magda Szubanski, presumably not. At some point, we see her supplication, so we have fart joke, major cliches in modern comedy! Is it difficult to resist them? I also found typical "Crocodile Hunter" scenes, with Steve wrestling crocodiles and holding other dangerous creatures and talking about them with viewers, to be boring, but I think the fact that I was not a loyal lover of the show did not help. <br /> <br /> Steve Irwin has been admired by many as environmentalists, and unfortunately they have been missing, while there are also those who say he has messed with nature and brought it. No matter which side you are on, "The Crocodile Hunter: Collision Course" is not a good film. I'm sure it helps if you're a big fan of Steve Irwin, but even if you do, there's no guarantee that you want to get this movie, as some fans are obviously not impressed. In fact, some of them seem to have found this movie worse than me, so maybe it will not help. As I said, there is no guarantee. I would like to say whatever you might think of Steve Irwin and his program, this film is unnecessary. Unfortunately, the attempt to merge what is usually seen in "Crocodile Hunter" has failed with a fictional story, and the viewer may find that this movie seems longer than ninety minutes!
