From the start this movie was awful! Why was this so bad? If you are not naked women, you not only need a decent plastic surgeon but also a dentist experience followed by Colgate whitening !! "I'm not sure how to behave so much, so I'll stare in the front and look as stupid as possible while pretending to shout in robotic tones about something in the forest!" Then go back to these bare nymphs that need to be treated for gingivitis .... Apparently, without touching ... This is according to the opening scene .... It can cause a red rash on your neck, which I have assumed is part Of the lost flesh, but I look as if it can happen with some TCP to scan it correctly. And then you have Sophie Holland, who plays the ally, I've never seen such a thing. It's more than "me, if I do not enjoy anyone else, I do not want to do that so I will not be the poorest cow on this planet, I'm cynical, petite, and if I do not get things my way I'll sink! ", Someone .... reminds me more of the 6 position of the old girl. I do not think it's worth mentioning that the horrible camera angles that remind me of the charming Blair, or how the film was low budget actually was that when Jude penetrated the "locked" door it was already open before it reached the open from the other side! This movie is completely laughable! If that was a parody, it would have been successful ... only, but as a horror film it was a simple mistake !!! I can not even describe everything that happened in this film that I was going to wear out! Although it was funny Andrew saw the dripberry juice in his ear every time he opened his mouth while the character of Tom Savini was completely blind to the two hiding under the table directly in his line of sight !! It was more fun when these two people thought they might run away from the tractor of God's curse, as we all know they hate the number one vehicle to delay because their god is too slow! Is it strange that they do not escape this? How many people know that they can open their wrist and then run for hours as if nothing happened! No pain, no weakening of blood loss, nothing! But the hottest part is when it's a surprise (I mean literally) one year later and Molly is still wandering around the woods after she ran away from the nymphs, and then, here's Sean Hatson picking her up ... of course not without a line to promote his books !! (Admittedly one of the authors of the FSA), but suddenly, without any indication of an xplanation plan about how and why ... She was evil herself and changed Hotson until his death, and then moved to the crazy dude from the start suddenly wandering around the woods with gasoline, After his "stunning" performance why no one should ever venture there for any reason ... The nymphs clashed in a stupid slap for each other for fun while crazy gasoline poured everywhere. ... And here ends the film ... Finally! My conclusion .... if you have not already guessed now .... absolute waste! There was no proper thinking about it, everyone who was aiming at the camera needed to be shot ... and thought about doing so 99% of the actors! If the manager was right and the actors and budget behind this order could have been decent. But again, English horror movies low budget but the rest of this genre, the country, the English film industry to shame !! (And I'm English so I was allowed to say that)! In fact, the only decent and sexy part of the film is in the first 15-20 minutes when we watch it turn from night to day on a field type field. All I have been thinking about all this is "Jesus Christ in heaven, so why did you allow someone to do that, his testicles for the absolute cow !!" But I can not turn off the movie after I started watching it unfortunately. I had to watch from Dusk twilight without having to just remind myself that Tom Savini had it in to work well! If there is an option for 0/10, believe me that I will choose it, because this movie is not worth even the point I gave! <br /> <br /> But that's just my opinion, see it and make your own decision.
