"The Forest of the Damned" begins as five young friends, brother and sister Emilio (Richard Cambridge), Eli (Sophie Holland), Jude (Daniel McLagan), Molly (Nicole Petty) and David (David Hood) In the middle of nowhere, "their words are not mine. In any case, before they know they are sunk in the jungle and Emilio clumsily runs over a woman (Francesca da Costa), along with a seriously wounded person to add to their problems the truck they travel in will not start and they can not get any signs on Mobile phones. They need to find help quickly so Molly and Jude are wandering in the hope of finding a home. As time goes on and the darkness begins to fall, it becomes clear that they are not alone and that there is something hidden in the forest ... <br /> <br /> This production in English is written and directed by Johannes Roberts, and after seeing many other comments and comments here on IMDb and over the Internet, it seems that the forest of the damned is divided opinion with some who like them and the other no, I personally did not do much at all. It is attributed to the Roberts text program but here in the IMDb Joseph London lists with "Additional Scriptures" whatever that means is that the movie is your basic type of woods woods in the backyard like the Texas Shainsu Massacre (1974) with your basic anonymous teenager victims of the crash but they use The interesting concept of Fallen Angels who roam the woods and kill people for a reason they have no great satisfaction. Then there is Steven, who has always played a wonderful Tom Savigny, who has never given any kind of justification for what he does. Is it there to get the victims of angels? If so, why did Andrew kill his head? The story is very loose, I never felt it was a suitable film. Personal is weak, dialogue is not much better and there is no important story that makes it difficult to get into it or pay attention to anything that happens. Having said it's going at a reasonable pace, there are a few decent sights here. <br /> <br /> Director Johannes does nothing special, it's not an elegant film or a flash to look at. There are a few horrific horror scenes and a wonderful Tom Savigny character whenever he is on the screen (despite why he never heard Jude breaking the door with an ax while fleeing with Molly?) A disgrace when he is killed. There are some nice nice scenes here, someone has fallen head to head, there is a head cut, someone is exposed to a gun, biting the throat, biting some lips, breaking someone into two halves. There is also quite a bit of full female nudity, not that it helps much. <br /> <br /> Technically, the forest of the damned is fine, it is made fairly well but there is nothing special or remarkable. This picture was filmed in England and Wales, and it is strange to see an English setting of horror behind America. Acting in general is very bad except Savigny who deserves to be better than this. The author of the horror, Sean Hotson, has an embarrassing veil in the end and proves that he must stick to writing rather than acting. <br /> <br /> Forest of the Damned is a very poor horror film, and it seems to have audiences there so maybe I'm missing something, but it's not a movie I have a big fondness for. Apart from a moment or two momentary moments, there is not much to recommend here.
