This film actually works from a fairly original idea - I've never seen nymphs thrown from the sky in a horror film before anyway. However, the way in which this idea is implemented is not inherently inferior; we follow a group of children, for some reason decide to go on a trip to the forest. The fact that the forest is inhabited by these nymphs makes them more interesting than just another forest filled with debris / cups / zombies and others; but in fact, the monsters are just a difference from the common horror in the forest theme. Many films of this type do not have a single good idea - and this film seems to have destroyed brain cells only. The only real asset that monsters bring to the table is the fact that they are beautiful women whom the characters crave, rather than being the hideous characters they want to escape. This is so good a point. But it soon becomes boring, and the almost complete lack of any background story surrounding the central monsters ensures that the film will never emerge from the "horror of garbage" category. <br /> <br /> It has been years since The Evil Dead made the forest a terrific place for horror, and though movies like The Witch Project; still makes for an excellent horror setting. This is one of the main assets of the film, as the forest offers a good impression of the unknown - the only problem is that the damned jungle does not seem to cover much. The sequence of death shows a clear lack of imagination, and the fact that all characters are trite at the extreme does not help, because you are more likely to look to see them killed instead of hoping they can escape. The cast consists mainly of children, but there is a role here for Tom Savini. Who unfortunately do not get pleasure in the special effects section. The only real highlight in the film is where the staff comes from the nymphs themselves. The naked women tend to look fantastic, and if not for them, this film will go away very quickly. There is nothing to recommend this film really; but if you want a mild horror horror movie back to the 1980s style of forest clicks, you might find some fun here.
