People tried to make me believe that the hypothesis of this supernatural horror / excitement was inspired by the last real words of an original serial killer (his name escapes me right now). While waiting for his execution on the electric chair, he claimed that his soul would return to life and continue in the never-ending spasm of murder. It's not a very original idea to revolve around a horror film, by the way. Other low-budget Roman turkeys implemented the same basic premise as House 3, Shocker and Ghost in the Machine. In any case, the "first power" (like "Pentagram") is not quite a terrible effort, but the text goes back to the cliches and lacks real excitement. The film begins in a fine, though contrasting, form in which the hero of the policeman, Lou Diamond Phillips, is pursued by a maniac who sculpts bloody mummies in his victims' bodies. He receives unexpected help from a spiritual medium, played by Tracy Griffiths. She leads him to the murderer but pleads not to execute him, because that will lead to greater disaster! Thanks to Tess's useful hints, Detective Logan quickly picked up the killer and celebrated the death penalty, but Patrick Channing made an agreement with the devil himself and returned to the corrupt streets of California to do some killing. First Power becomes very bad once the killer embodies a vengeful spirit. Instead of using his newly acquired demonic abilities to eliminate the whole world (that's what I'll do in his position), Channing simply prefers playing cat and mouse games with his copper opponent. He describes him as annoying "Buddy-Boy" all the time and has the bodies of Logan's friends and colleagues to deceive him. Although it was not really boring or not, it was a very weak film to be tolerated, often because of a feeling of sympathy for déjà-vu. The writer / director Robert Resnikov uses all the shameful clichés (the murderer was sexually abused during his childhood) and even easy to predict the lines of the players. As soon as Griffith makes it clear that she is capable of predicting the future, you know that, somewhere in a stage of the film, she will say the ironically absurd line "I tell people who live their lives, but my own life is a mess." Yawning. The performance of Le Diamond Phillips is enough, but it is difficult to take this young rebellion "La Bamba" and "Stand and Deliver" seriously as a solid copper. There are also supporting roles for Mycellie Williamson ("Forrest Gump"), Carmen Argenziano ("When Inviting a Stranger") and the horror film B-David David Gale ("Re-Animator") appear in the film Little Engraving at the beginning of the film.
