Sei! Sei! Sei! No, I did not like it. It was clear what the film meant: steering the wheel and dealing with the "movers and shakers" who produced the film. In some cases, these are people who represent themselves other than what they are. I did not need a film to tell me how shallow some people are in the film industry. I suppose I'm really wrong because I was expecting something like a "Roman holiday." <br /> <br /> I am not a filmmaker and I do not take lessons in the film, but it seems to me that the film consists of a series of "bullets" (mainly) where actors (!) were given a loose plot line and had to improvise from the dialogue. Henry Jagelon claims to have written with Victoria Voet in fact the script but the impression is that the actors, who were familiar with the overall direction of the film, restored the dialogue - and was not always successful. Such a situation was when Ron Silver made some remarks that did not really flow along the line of conversation (and I would not go back to looking for it!) Greta Scatchi rushed to laugh even though it was supposed to be a serious conversation, because Silver's remarks were sequential. You also have the impression that one actor is deliberately trying to "misrepresent" the other actor and break his focus. Another example of this is when the Silver product tells "Get Documents & *% # @ # ^" (3 times). Silver seemed literally lost to words. I saw another film that looked like a series of dramatic improvisational workshops! <br /> <br /> The fact that Jaglon was able to attract Greta Scacchi (not strange to Australia), Ron Silver suggests Anok Amy, and Maximilian Sheel, that it is a "slow news week" for them. Peter Bogdanovich was watching his face all the time, and I expect to hear him say, "Look, I'm a director and screenwriter - not a representative" - ​​which was unnecessary for the state! Fei Dunaway looked more interested in promoting her son, Liam. Apart from the intermittent delivery of the dialogue, the hand-held camera became annoying even if it was to happen - as I think the "natural" dialogue - and the interest of school principals became the focus of attention on the various young people who were walking along the road trying to hint at the fire. That at least approached the Verret Cinema. So, along with the annoying French singing in which the mute button was used, it was set up for a disappointing 90 minutes in general. <br /> <br /> I think we should avoid movies like this. Trying to see the value in a film with little credit to prove the perceived level of transcendence is misleading. There was nothing at all vanguard about it. It was not shown as a work of art, but it was not a documentary. I know it was a mistake, but the real test is whether it's a mess. I was bored by my skull! He had one recovery feature: I explained "he" correctly so I gave it 3/10.
