'I do not understand. None of this makes sense! ', Scoffs at one character unhappy at the end of Death Smiles at Murder. Having just sat in this totally confusing mess for a movie, I know exactly how it feels. The story, directed by the film director Aristide Masacyce (the old Joseph Damato using his real name for change), is a clumsy mix of supernatural garbage, murder / mystery, and pretense of trash, which is likely to appeal to those who like the trashy 70s like Jess Franco's most unusual, but that made me struggling to stay conscious. <br /> <br /> Opening with a haircut on the death of his beautiful sister (who had an affair with her, before eventually losing her to a broken doctor), Death Smiles at Murder quickly becomes very confusing when she sees the same woman Her role in the movie Ewa Aulin, which starred in the film "Death Laid an Egg" equally odd), the only survivor of a coach accident occurred outside the building Walter and Eva von Ravensbruck. After inviting her to stay and recuperate in her home, where Dr. Sturgis, who is terrifying (Klaus Kinsky in an unusual role), tends to start, the beautiful skill in love affairs begins with Mr. and Ms. Ravensbruck (meaning that the viewers are treated to some brief but welcome scenes from nokie and lovein '). <br /> <br /> "So far, very good," I thought to myself at this point, "we have had incantation incest, some blood and courage, naked female nudity? , However, is a daunting attempt by Massacessi to combine giallo-like killings, the continuation of the ghosts, and even elements of Edgar Allan Poe's "The Black Cat" to tell a very ridiculous and utterly puzzling tale, and ultimately a very boring tale of vengeance. Behind the grave. <br /> <br /> This movie seems to have very few fans here on IMDb, but given the choice, I think that the incomprehensible, twisted and surreal Gothic dread of the 1970s is not just something! 2.5 out of 10 (purely for the ciliary and niacid tumor), is rounded up to 3 for IMDb.
