Frankly, the concept behind "Masters of Horror" was happening for him. Adult horror directors who left the industry aside now have an opportunity to steer horror back, you're all so from the start. That's it, so I've seen some episodes ... boy, it's a very bad TV. Managers do not seem to get very few budgets to guide their assignments, but there seems to be guidance too, such as imaging in HD for example. To make a long story short, they are bad either for technical or financial reasons. I can only compare to "Tales from the Crypt" and M.o.H. Loops really do not stand comparison. TFTC was good, bad health department. According to me, there are some keys to their interpretation: TFTC was shorter (about 25 minutes per episode) than the Department of Health (50 minutes per episode), and I think it allowed more intense scenarios, repeated with good ideas repeatedly, better overview of the episode, opportunities Less to allow the plot to be confusing or boring. The duration may also have been the reason for the budget being better spent on TFTC: directors must have composers from REAL films (MOH composers who do not have a presence or are very bad), real actors (while MOH is only an unknown actor yet an unknown actor! ), REAL directors of photography, and can sometimes help, REAL film cameras (while MOH is filmed on high-resolution cameras with very wrongly selected lens pieces), the result is that the TFTC loops looked and felt like "cinematography" meaning That there are real actors to be chosen, from Michael J. Fox to Tim Roth, Kyle McLachlan and Kirk Douglas, but there were also film composers behind him, from the Alan Silvestri group, great film directors such as Dean Cundey and a sophisticated scriptwriter. In that sense, each "tale" was a small film of its real kind. Compared to TFTC, "Masters of Horrors" is a lame technique in television horror. It's very hard to stand when you look at it if your criteria for cinema are slightly higher than average, because it looks like any ugly TV series, if not worse. Becomes incredibly boring and annoying, usually within the first 10 minutes. Representatives are not heard by wannabes (except for Fairuza Balk, Robert Englund and Angela Bettis and a few, but even there, they are the only famous actors in their episodes). The rule of directors of the Ministry of Health was good at first, but getting worse and worse with each episode: now, even if the managers are unknown to the world, what remains? nothing! Funny how they started to get completely unknown managers while they did not even have, for example, Stan Winston, Dick Massey, William Lustge, Sam Remy, Eric Reid, Robert Harmon, William Friedkin, Jim Morrow, Stewart Gordon ... If even "Masters of Horror" can not bring the dead managers back to life, who will? Maybe replay the tales of the will crypt.
