We open up with Colonel Luc Devirao (Van Dam), the original world soldier and his plump Asian friend, who are apparently haunted by a river as world soldiers. They almost killed the two, and then wait, it was just a field test. Deveraux, which we have now reached, is part of a government-funded company that designs the new level of global soldiers. Why he does not want to participate in this (if you know anything about the origin) is never explained and transcends me. <br /> <br /> After the disturbing story that begins the real story. The United States Government cut the budget of the Universal Soldier project and in the meantime upset SETH (the large industrial computer computer that controls global soldiers). Of course it will not close without a fight. This means that Van Damme has to go out and get out all the new breeds of Universal Soldiers. It sounds like a fun idea for action and serial, but that does not stop him from becoming stupid like hell. <br /> <br /> For example, one of the new world soldiers is played by Bill Goldberg. It seems you can not go wrong in a wrestling motion movie. It's big, it's hard, is not it? Error. Van Damme does not seem to have a problem clearing the ground with him ... once ... twice ... three times. The point here lost me. Then there is broken glass. A primitive part of any action film, but someone must have a glass fetish. You'll see scenes of fighting in particular. Let's not talk about how no one cuts himself or at least slips. Then to put the cherries on the surface of the train wreck, they set the SETH (computer) on the human body to itself and its suitability when they make the Black Punk (Michael Jai White). Nothing works better than a good white man fighting a bad black man. Offensive is only possible and lame. It's no substitute for Dolph, <br /> <br /> Universal Soldier 2 is a poor complement. She's loud, she's stupid and I do not care. The origin was not something poetic, but it was a kind of simple sense through the element of science fiction and entertainment at the basic level. No. However, they have less than 90 minutes of operating time and somehow find a way to squeeze into the strip club sequence. So give credit where credit is due.
