I first heard about Unisol 2 when I went to the cinema when I was on vacation in America. I really did not notice that much until I bought the original DVD and that prompted me to recognize the three results. I then started reading about "the return on IMDB" and asked my friends for their opinion on it. Despite their terrible criticisms, I was still on my way to see them and I was about to buy them until I saw them for hire on a DVD. I did not expect much but I thought it should be half decent to get a theatrical version in the US, after all, how many times do you see Van Dam on the big screen? Well, nothing could have prepared me for this. It's very bad I almost cried. What a total waste of 80 minutes and £ 2.50. It is difficult to explain how bad this step is. Quite frankly. This is making a stupid movie. No, he's more than just a fool. I can not believe how this happened. I can not believe that one of them did not kill Mick Rogers. How can people be stupid? First, Van Damme already believed that the script and the final film was good. Second, the fact that Xander Berkley, of Terminator 2 and Air Force One, has committed himself to this film. I simply can not believe the stupidity of this film. He takes himself very seriously but comes to the audience like a parody. Here's an example: JCVD's daughter (yes, Luke is now human again) - "I want my dad", SETH- "So I am". Oh yeah, some guys are trying to turn off SETH by dragging three huge tools - wait it - ON and OFF written on it. Acting all round like acting school play. I'm sure that Mr. Director has modeled the girlfriend of Luc Reporter in April O'Neill of Animation Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles - she refuses to go because she ... needs her story. I mean hey - how many cliches can the film use? Please listen to my colleagues from IMDB users - do not touch this barge pole. In conclusion, Universal Soldier: The return has nothing to do with the first film. In fact, if you are not called UniSols, you will never know it is a sequel. Locke is now a human being again - what the hell !?! The only place where you can access the internet is in a nightclub. All the new Uni Sols look like they were dragged from the street, they are unconvincing. This is pure torture you should watch, so prefer yourself - do not torment yourself. P.S - The best part of the movie: Romeo jumps out of a building and yells "hey sh * t".
