Luc Devereux now paints a technical expert working with the government with his partner Maggie, who has spent hours of training and fighting with him to improve and improve the UniSol program in an attempt to To create a new breed stronger than the more sophisticated, intelligent and flexible soldier. All new Unisols, which are faster and stronger than their predecessors, are connected through an artificial intelligent computer system called SETH, a spiral with a sophisticated self-thought. When SETH detects that Universal Soldier is scheduled to stop because of budget cuts, it takes things in his hand to "protect" himself. Those who try to stop his power, and launch his squad of supernatural soldiers, led by Romeo destined for power, are killed by SETH not providing deveraux pieces, just because deveraux contains the secret code required to deactivate an embedded program that will close SETH down within hours. With the help of an infiltrator named Squid, SETH takes a human form. Not only must Locke deal with the aspiring reporter Irene, who will not leave his team, but Locke must also deal with General Radford, who wants to take extreme measures to stop SETH. The daughter of "Hillary," 13, is kidnapped and now held hostage. Locke is the only person who can save Hillary, because Locke knows closely how to think and Unisol, and fights. Now there are problems like any movie, just as any stranger has found out how a reporter happened. The soldiers can land on the truck. But when Vanne Damme was shot with a shotgun and died. The final fighting scene was unbelievable when Locke was human and Seth was five times faster. From any Unisol post, Luke can hit it. With the final battle when Locke cut him off with pieces I was really surprised that these pieces did not melt and fix him (Terminator 2). The other thing that bothers me is how the Vanne Damme gets good representatives for relatives. I mean, in the case of Vanne Damme, it's totally off the net for the science fiction of this film. Music record Now that you have to mention, have you ever heard a song in which you prefer to cut the blackboard with a knife well. In contrast to the first scene, there is only one nude scene while in the first scene there is much (still being haunted by the viewer in # 1) as the actors in this have some talent while in the first one the men were Cast of Sadians (if you do not believe me, I'll look for him)
