After seeing the less expensive copies of the film "Universal Soldier", I was hoping and calling Van Damme back his role as Luc Devoreaux in the second film Unisol. Well, it seems that this prayer was answered, but not the way I had hoped. Universial Soldier 2 is as intense as reading poetry in your local library. No, even this will be more interesting. The sequence of first-class battles, Bruce Lee's quality, which is the only recovery factor in this whole pathetic excuse to get a moving picture. So after that WCW legend former strongman "Goldberg" played the villain. However, putting Goldberg as a starter in Seth would have been better. <br /> <br /> It bothered me more than I was preparing for the movie itself. It seems as if some of the film school students slapped him together. The holes in the plot are greater than Kanye West's selfishness is really what this film did. For example: Locke's daughter, Hillary looks like she's at least 11 to 13 years old and the first film was filmed just seven years ago. how is that possible? Tell me that! The part that killed his partner from Locke and turned into Unisol is just a re-inspiration! You mean to tell me that there is Unisol experimental exposed naked in the basement of the research complex at the beginning of the film. Come on. The director could have spent more time in this film such as the first film and sew all the slots. But oooh nooo! <br /> <br /> Talk about the plot, it sucks! Compared to the first film, the Universal Soldier 2 plot has no value. Where is the courageous excitement with which Unisol is troubled to rethink her recent memories in a supermarket thinking of Desert Storm or anything else? It was the dawn of the millennium, and I was attracting more of the public if this had happened in a kind of pit / orurian from the pit in the future. Tranquility is the right character to describe this sad, sad, sad sequel. <br /> <br /> From what I saw: Double Impact, Under Siege 2, Robocop 3, Hell, even the first class / no-class Terminator of 1999 is more fun than this!
