In his portrayal of the miserable Milan class, this film may have been revealed in his day. However, I feel that the new realism was not really a portfolio of director de Sica, because here he decided to create some sort of modern fairy tale centered around a boy who was found in a patch wrapped by an old Aziz in the country. After spending most of his childhood in an orphanage, Tutu ends up living in a tin town in Milan. He organizes the population into community work, maintains their spirits by clapping with a steady, disturbing smile on his face and testing them at their time tables. No one tells him where to stick to his schedules outside of my will, as these people have more important things to think about, such as where the next Pot Noodle will come from. However, De Sica then uses an impressive dramatic device to show why these poor acids appear. It's all about capitalism, of course, and to make it clear, the misery is discovering an oil fountain on their land. brilliant! Despite the credit for this, by this time he gave up making a dangerous film, capitalists seem to have a severe cartoon, all fur coats and cigars. They want this land, but our sports champion will not support such nonsense. With a strange stroke, his old guardian, who has died from the days of the cabbage patch, appears in heaven and gives him a magic pigeon. He used to shower gifts to his colleagues, who prove to be quite greedy like cigar men. I think this film was a missed opportunity. To address the issue of poverty, as many filmmakers have done until then, they signed into a fairy tale, it seems to me a bit. How can "adult" managers escape the child-like conspiracy that we see here? Hans Christian Andersen may have objected to the idea that the poor folk would fly over Milan Duomo and climb to a higher place on a broom. De Sica, however, was declared as a genius for this purpose. The fact that these people are very poor, that their faith is unshakable, and that miracles have never happened to them, is certainly enough for anyone who tells the story. <br /> <br />
