Mind boggles in exactly what a global soldier deserves a sequel. Since the real star, Dolph Lundgren, will not be able to re-represent his role from the original, there is really little reason to indulge in this obvious tax write-off. Bold attempts are being made to bridge the gap with professional wrestler Bill Goldberg and martial arts expert Michael Jay White. To credit, they give their sequence of work a good sense of excitement. Bill Goldberg seems to be spending his time in this film, and he is just stoning to fill the role of comedian villain. For once, a role is a genre that involves repeating the same line several times, and does not bother you. The problem is from the public's point of view that none of these gentlemen have a sense of comic timing or the simple humility that makes Lundgren a pleasure to see in almost all of his films. And here lies the problem. Do not go to see Van Damme because you want to do serious work. Go because you want comedy, however unintended. <br /> <br /> Without knowing many people, Universal Soldier followed two direct sequences of video. I have only seen the first, which has had very poor production values ​​and one can only wonder whether it is supposed to be a kind of complex humor. Matt Patalia was so awful in the role of Luc Devereau that, in his career, the scene of Jean-Claude Van Damme was a welcome relief. The film somehow ignores the stories of the above-mentioned video sequences, and instead starts a whole new story that sets an unspecified time after the events of the original. After years of investigation and explanation, the Unisol project continues, with minor modifications. For one, the new Unisols are stronger and more resistant to damage than previous cousins. On the other hand, all Unisols are now under the management of a giant computer called SETH. In the first parts of the film, SETH is primarily a series of abstract drawings inside a glass dome. <br /> <br /> Since the film barely lasts more than 80 minutes, it quickly told us that funding for the army was being cut. The Unisol project is on a chipping block, which means that SETH will be turned off. SETH, hearing this conversation in one way or another through means never explained, decides to mobilize Unisols as an army against those who seek to close it. His only problem is that often, a code is needed in his system to prevent automatic shutdown. Two people have the code in question. SETH kills the first in a short time, and those who are familiar with the set of plots that Van Damme films are designed will judge within five seconds of the second that happens to be. The rest of the film revolves around Unisols' attempts to get the code out of Van Damme without hurting him. A sub-film is woven with a daughter and a reporter in the film, but adds to the story as much as Van Damme's acting career. <br /> <br /> The movie is on the brink of ridicule. Lines and Cliches. When SETH implants its driving unit into the body of Michael Jai White, we get a speech about how human time has ended. He goes on to tell his infantry soldiers how fear and death will be the weakness of humanity. Gee, SETH, do you mean it will not be our strengths? Regardless of the banter aside, the length of the short film is twice the film's strength. It leaves work without adequate preparation. Originally, we got a very thorough explanation of Unisols, how they work, and how they are brought to the situation that is seen in the majority of the film. Here, it seems that the writer considered it to be recognized that the viewer knows what Unisol is and how it works. At least originally, a moment of curiosity and wonder was created by leaving the interpretation later in the film when the hero lies in a basin of ice. Here, one of the bad guys is shot with a pistol that leaves huge holes in his uniform (presumably his body), and wakes up every time without stopping breathing. <br /> <br /> I tend to reserve a score for movies that are so bad that they become amusing in a completely unintended way. If you can see it cheaply, take yourself out. This is the kind of film that makes me sad about losing the mysterious theater of science.
