When I was 16, I watched the documentary: "Something funny happened on the way to the moon." I really liked it, and I believe it for a few years. But I grew up and started thinking, when I asked for more information. This is: more information from reel sources, unbiased sources. When I started university, not long ago, I asked an assistant professor of astronomy for these conspiracy theories. What he said shocked me: he said all those theories where lies. I was puzzled by that, and I did not believe it first, but then he gave evidence of his allegations. Most of the theories on the subject were soon revealed: "Humans did not go to the moon." The most outrageous thing was that the Apollo plane could not travel through the Allen Allen belt for radiation, without ruining the crew radiation. The truth is that Americans are using covert aluminum alloys. It's not well known. The exact specifications are the secret. Why is this a secret? Well, why should they reveal it at the time? If they are in a space race with the Russians, it would be very stupid to reveal that they have a new technology that can protect the crew from radiation. <br /> <br /> Hence, there is the biggest evidence of this: Moon Stones. When the Apollo DID missions go to the moon, they return many rocks from the moon, to give them to geologists and similar scientists, who document everything about the moon. These rocks and stones are actually from the moon. Because: The basic elements of the interior, consisting of everything from them, are also made of special isotopes, which vary from quarry to quarry, from earth to earth, and especially from planet Earth. The isotopes of these rocks and stones have been proved, and they do not come from the ground. Astronauts brought hundreds of kilograms of these rocks to their homes, all of which proved to have come from outside the Earth and from the same planet. Ergo: Landing the moon where no fake. NASA went to another planet: the Moon, although it is not a planet, but a satellite of a planet, the moon (duuh). These rocks have been distributed to laboratories and universities around the world. It has been proved: Humans have gone to the moon - it's a fact, Pronto. <br /> <br /> But I'm not worried: most conspiracy theorists are unemployed and uneducated in general, which is why they do not. Know or lie about these facts. The truth remains: Humans walk on the moon.
