This is probably the 80's most backward in the 80s, but how can you be tough in a movie that shows uninterrupted images of dozens of wonderful ladies who have exhilarating bodies of aerobics exercises and swim in tight gym clothes? Before being a horror film, Aerobicide is a 90-minute promotional video to promote the use of steroids, silicones and other body-enhancing fitness products. If you ignore all the footage of Indian boys lifting weights and girls playing their heels and racks to the tunes of the 1980s, there is probably only 15 minutes of story. Lots of time to improvise a plot about a sadistic killer who slaughters young health freaks with a large safety pin (yes?). The film begins with a hilariously hilarious scene for a fried girl between an electric sundeck. After several years, people turn to death in the same resort. You do not really need to be an experienced horror fan or rocket scientist to discover that there is a link between homicide and arson, are you now? The investigation into this case is apparently a quiet police officer (and Charles Napier both!) And a special investigator who is lucky to have the most beautiful eighties of the last century that I have ever seen! By looking at the credits, her name seems to be Diane Copeland, and she did nothing else except for this turkey and the dark Troma movie "Surf Nazis Must Die". What a missed opportunity! She may not have been a great actress, but she certainly had two other big advantages that would help her move forward with the show. The amount of bull and the quality of make-up effects are not special, nor are they. We were treated with two exotic bites with pin and some grilled human flesh. Misrepresentation plots near the end are silly and predictable, but by that time no one takes the film seriously, anyway. Aerobicide (such as "Killer Workout") is recommended if you want to turn off all the functions of your mind for one night, but you still feel like watching a movie! In fact, it will make a great double feature with "Death Spa". Both films has a lot of sexy kids and tight clothes ?? Both films are very stupid.
