On the surface, it seems that this film deals with the psychological process called uniqueness, which is how to become a real self by embracing the so-called "dark side" of human nature. Thus, we have Darkling, a mysterious mysterious mysterious creature looking hard for the company (ie, recognition) of men, and the story revolves around the different ways in which this need is dealt with, more or less successful. <br /> <br /> However, if we look a little deeper, what this film really is about is how you should relate to your car as if you were with anyone else: - In the main opening scene, A male car fell out of grace) collecting pieces and pieces of car wreckage with his daughter, when a car smashed nearly a little girl. Lesson 1: Cars are people who are embodied by immortal lives, and theft from car wreckage is identical to serious theft. The wicked have troubled the dead and must be punished. - Then another (Robin) buys wreckage of a car that he intends to repair and sell as a famous racing car that is now found and warned by the seller. Lesson Two: Like anyone else, the car has a unique identity that can not be changed or replaced. In addition, there is a development in that Rubin actually sees subtle quality in what most people think is like undesirable, but in the end it turns out that this quality is a projection of Robin's personal greed to get more profits. Lesson 3: You will never deal with your vehicle only as a means, but always as an end in itself. - Then we have the scene where the main character is presented to Robin, and most importantly, the Ruben car: the main character evaluation of the vehicle's qualities not only depends on its exterior appearance, but also through the overall look inside the engine room. Lesson 4: The car is not just judged by its appearance; it is what is really important inside. There is punishment in the store for those who do not take this lesson into account, as we see in the scene where another man tries to sell Robin's fake collector's car. This scene by the way also emphasizes the importance of Lesson 3. <br /> <br /> There are many other examples in the movie 'car = person', and I am too tired now to bother them all, but the point is still there (I think this Is what I'm really trying to say) that this movie is fun to watch if you have anything else at all - or, if you're loyal to the car.
