Near the closing stages of Baby Mama, one of the central characters goes on to describe the basic outlines of everything that comes before and summarizes that "it was just a mess"; I really can not say that better than that. While this feature contains a strange ray of hope from time to time, the vast majority of what exists is so neutral that it can not be considered as relevant and not so remarkable that it does not deserve time for anyone. A dim picture, worldly texts and mysterious caricatures include that Bibi Mama certainly does not impose capital taxes, but he never makes up for that with a sense of humor. The film consists mainly of routine jokes based on a strange couple (poor and poor) trying to live with each other as they prepare to bring a child to the world, and the film is too slow to laugh outside the very thin demography. <br /> <br /> As a story about finding love, it's not bad, but running this scheme as a side story of some kind to work alongside the strange shadow guided by comedy, the profile is remarkably weak, leading to a lukewarm love story Never breathe. As two personalities, the two central forms are slightly entertained when assembled in small spaces, but when they are left alone at the same time, separating and carrying their space; so while we may eventually find personal interactions with each other amusing at times, the comedy does not branch out Never behind a distant laugh; we do not feel personalities and we find them interesting by nature, but dynamic. Unfortunately, although this dynamic works better, or at least better than individual individuals, as mentioned above, it rarely stems from the typical boundaries of the individual couple formula. <br /> <br /> Kate (Tina Fey) is a successful businesswoman who has hired a working class, Angie Blonde (Amy Pohler) to be her replacement probably, and after she decides to leave her husband hopeless (Dax Shepard), both must learn In the end live together differences. Yes, this is the typical assumption of the individual couple, the idea we have already seen in this year's Vegas, but what Baby Mamma lacks is that the film was a chemistry between performers and quasi-class characters. Kate and Angie failed to show many features outside their two-dimensional scheme, so both performers are neglected to play the roles that chemistry requires to produce them from thin air. In fact, the only real and personal performance of the film comes from Roman talents whose owners are under-exploited and manipulated to play the role of men. Of the few times I laughed during Baby Mama, most of those moments were due to this man, and the rest usually falls on Shepard. <br /> <br /> It's rare to find a movie that captures script themes in the way its world is portrayed and presented to us through the camera. However, Michael McCullers moves from page to page effectively. However, for the film about children, multimillion-dollar businesses and cultural stereotypes, this is not necessarily good. Baby Mama is a town of plastic sloping concrete, with a sugar-filled head. So, I did not only feel emotionally away from the characters because of their two-dimensional nature, but I simply did not care about the world they lived in. The dialogue, along with the collections, costumes and themes of the pastel and pink script, was drawn to the point where all shades of humanity were lost in the director's constant need to make his film seem like a neutral fantasy; these are not characters and this is not our world in any way? So why should I care? However, in the end, the measure of success or failure of a romantic comedian is due to his own chemistry between his beloved interests, and the frequency of his laughter; the little mama has little in any of these departments. Of course, saying that the film is worthless will be unfair. I'm sure that women's fans in a similar boat may be exposed to Kate's minor kick of actions, but it is likely that anyone else will feel numb and possibly bored. In this regard, Baby Mama avoids being improbable, but she is never convinced of anything wonderful or worthy of a look at anyone outside her immediate audience; Baby Mama is a comedian and romantic mismatch; he is so overwhelmed that he is not so fun and shallow that he does not It can be fun. <br /> <br /> - Review of Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
