I saw the film at the Belgrade Film Festival last week, and I still suffer from the shock. It seems that my point of view is basically the same with a number of others - the first half-hour was new, sharp, deep, entertaining and promising. She behaved very well. Normal >> Adjective. My problem, however, is not just the fact that the last hour and a half of the film has nothing to do with a gracious beginning, nor the fact that I spent most of this time cramping in agony in sharp, thorny industrial sounds and staring at drunken, toothless, hags chewing bread. It is rather with the fact that they did not warn me !!! The summary of the festival brochure described only half an hour (an intriguing sounding) - a prostitute chat, a pianist, a meat seller in a bar, pretending to be a propagandist, a hereditary engineer and an official in a simple government administration - who makes no mention of the ever- . It may really serve me not to read the reviews, you might say - but to defend me, a number of reviews I have considered beyond reality have never confirmed the enormity of the bulk of the film and its inability to afford it. <br /> <br /> The first hint should have been the introductory words of the director (a confused Russian youth, taut in the hair) rising in front of the crowded hall (the film seems to be performing incredibly well and the tickets were sold well before the show, Although most of the audience seemed unaware that I was feeling pain coming, judging by the large number of whining and ears that permeated the theater completely during the last half hour, many angry comments when coming out) to say: "Well, I ... Um, thank you very much for coming to see this movie, and I just wanted to say ... well, it's a very long film ... Astg It s me four years to do it, and ... it .. I suggest that you see and try to forget it immediately. It is very long. Thank you for coming. ' "It's going to be fun!" Of course, by the time his strange apologetic comments began to make sense to me, it's too late to go out. I can do it by writing in an increasing suffering until the lights come back again, and in the end I can not say that I feel in any way the experience ... Yes, I really liked the first half hour ... I was smart and new and had a lot to say. Yes, every society has many hidden faces.Yes, life may be toothless in the ark I do not really see it, but I do not see any earthly reason why art is so painfully and painful to bear. Somewhere between the fascinating plastic endings of Hollywood and hours of muddy vodka, try the Chinese-style Bin Jip (3-Iron) .It is a work of art and surprising, but it is also very enjoyable.
