I may have been a Moscowite before and I have a terrifying sense of humor that prevents me from throwing this film in the "farce" trash. It is not the greatest film of 2005, nor is it the complete garbage. It just has a lot of problems. I also sincerely doubt that this film has been banned due to any "ideological concerns" or "reserved prohibitions" or for any other reason that may be called a "courageous" and "relentless" film abroad. It was banned because observers knew that 99% of Russian filmmakers would find it offensive because of the bad taste it had while filming and editing this mysterious film. <br /> <br /> So we have a strong shot hole. Great sound design, excellent premise - loaded with sense and symbolism. The use and placement of symbols will always be one of the most powerful aspects of the film (not that figure 4 represents a difficult visual challenge). Over the next forty minutes, we have a equally strong setup. An entertaining and well-written bar conversation between the three (main?) Figures, we feel pity for these people, the great country in Russia, the humanitarian situation and all that. Then the film begins to slow down. We begin to wonder what awaits us in the future. <br /> <br /> The rest is completely boring, simply. Surely the man in the village hurts the heart, and there are some little amusing moments. Nice voice, definitely. But the enjoyment of this film, not to mention the plot, is in serious danger because of speed problems. This lack of reward for sitting in all the misery and gloom is what will eventually make people angry with "offensive" things (personally, the main hostile scene of granulation, in that pathetic way that non-harmful drunks can appear). <br /> <br /> If you want to watch a fun movie where the Russians are lost for long periods of time (the entire movie), see the details of the game National Hunt. Much more rewarding Soviet things. So yes, 4 out of 10 to 4, nice and symbolic for my situation after the film is mediocre.
