I started to think there is a plot, all right: one involves a large amount of money paid to those who have access to columns published in newspapers, professional magazines and movies to ensure that this film or that, despite its vagueness, will reach a higher position through The rating point you classify as "universal praise" or anything within that range, thus ensuring that unsuspecting people (like me) walk around the theaters or rent the bloody thing, and expect a surprise, just to find myself racing to the bathroom for a delay. <br /> <br /> This movie is one of them. It certainly made me go beyond any published article I encountered because two things obviously happened: either I did not get the very hidden message under the inner worlds of this film that was inaccessible, or they and we saw two completely different films happening in the same name. 4 is a dirty trick on the public. No wonder he appeared and disappeared faster than you can say "smorsgabord" and that despite the rankings he got at Metacritic, nobody heard of it. It's terrible with sugar on top. <br /> <br /> First, the fourth number is always from start to finish. Although there is little symbolism here and there is fine, this has been done with varying degrees of success in many well-known films, but this film is racing. Four dogs at the beginning of the film, looking at the camera on an empty street so far when the machines suddenly fall in the foreground and begin to open the asphalt. Four people are in a bar, although one of them is not an entity. Three of them walk their separate path but are associated with it, not only with each other but with what their lives do not relate to. Although this concept may work, the film is very hampered - especially with the story of the potential model played by Marina Vovchenko, which enters the land of the very strange, not in a good way - so that the initial subject is lost in translation. Or maybe, as I said before, I just "did not understand". The problem is that much of the time is spent in the story of Marina (about the death of her sister, from the chewing of bread, not the least, and the subsequent stark mourning) until any interest in inherent surrealism dissipates without effect. What if the same ghastly stories exchanged by the three strangers in a bar seem to be their own? The director does not invest much time in really connecting them to each other, or weaving a more concise story that can intersect, in David Lynchian's way, with the present past or in alternative dimensions, or even as a direct, earthly science fiction story. This is an arduous battle against an insurmountable wall and no one but a saint (or anyone in exile for the stranger) can endure.
