Who would have wished for a sequel to the legendary Bert Gordon film Trash "The Movie of the Gods"? No one of course, but director Damien Lee thought it was a good idea, however, he collected a late sequel representing one of the most unnecessary films in the history of horror. "Gnaw" is a name-only supplement, moving to a typical location in the late 1980s (campus) as well as the cheap and gibberish effects of the 1980s. This scenario is hung together by cliches, horribly typed dialog boxes and plot positions that are not subtly stolen from other (and most successful) horror classics. Neil Hamilton is a good, two-part scientist who conducts growing experiments on ordinary rodents to do the best for his colleague in the world. Because of some incredibly stupid animal rights activists, huge and charming mice escape and everyone drowns on campus. In keeping with the good old traditions of Spielberg's "Vicki", there is a repulsive dean who refuses to acknowledge the problem despite the appearance of badly mutilated bodies everywhere. During the hysterical horrific climax, the mice invaded the opening ceremony of the new sports complex on campus! "Gnawa: Food 2 Gods" very bad and therefore a lot of fun to watch! The characters say stupid and unimaginable things (such as getting into unprotected sewers while you know they are infected with mice), representation is terrible and there is a really strange sequence involving the hero's practice of sex under the influence of growth serum! I wonder what Freud's theory will be about it! There is a satisfactory amount of gore and corruption? Should you say ?? The music in the atmosphere is amazing. If you can not get enough of this junk, there are many features of the creatures that revolve around mutant mice, such as the Italian film Schlock: "Rats: Night of Terror," a modest 1970 film "Willard" The new "Willard" of 2003 starring Crispin Glover and the films of modern mice are surprisingly good by famous directors by Tibor Ticax ("The Rat") and John Lavia ("The Mice"). Go Nuts!
