MABEL AT THE WHEEL is one of those movies that have a story behind the scenes which is more interesting than the movie itself. This was Chaplin's 10th comedy for Keystone during his year in apprenticeship, and his first two films. Here, he played one of his sinister foreign roles (although TILLIE'S PUNCTURED ROMANCE's long story is not yet), and was also one of the last times he worked for another director other than himself. In fact, Chaplin's struggles with director and co-star Mabel Norman almost drove him out of the studio. <br /> <br /> Chaplin was not with his former directors Henry Lerman and George Nichols, but according to the autobiography having to take the direction of just a "girl" was the last straw. Charlie and Campbell fought bitterly while making this film. Chaplin was still a newcomer at Keystone and his colleagues did not know what they were doing, but everyone loved Maple. Mac Cenet was about to release Chaplin when he learned that the newcomer's films were interesting and that the exhibitors wanted more of them as soon as possible, so Chaplin promised to direct himself to finish the film the way Mapel wanted. Unfortunately, none of this drama can be seen on the screen at MABEL AT THE WHEEL, which is similar to the typical Keystone mess. The story is about the race, where Mabel (Harry McCoy) is set to compete, but Charlie the bad guys and his followers kidnap the boy, and Mabel must take the wheel in place. For all the races around, the film throws the bricks and shoots the fingerprints bluntly in laughter, but there are some interesting points. There are some good cinematic works and editing in the race sequence, although there are no donations, but a lot of hectic activity. Chaplin looks strange, wearing a goat-like beard on his chin, wearing a loose hat and the coat he wore in his first film, Making Life, but the outfit fits the old villain he displays all the time. At least it's good to see him play such an unusual role. Some of the main players, such as Chester Conkelin and Edgar Kennedy, appear in the racetrack at the racetrack, in addition to the more McKinette figure, who spit tobacco and make his usual protein in the field of rub. As an artist, Cinet was as precise as the films he produced, but you have to give the man credit: he knows what people like. These films were very popular in their day. Mack's performance does not add much to MABEL AT THE WHEEL, but he might have been willing to shoot this movie to make sure his stars did not kill each other.
