After seeing a large amount of comments on this film, there are obviously two types of filmgoers. There are those who read well and learn to read, write and intelligence. They know the history of this type, and most importantly they know what heights can be reached by a gifted author. For many years science fiction remained in the vault of literature. Most critics considered it to be a little more than Ray's and foreigners' stories meant for pre-teen teenagers. An admirer of the day knows his reading well this history, and knows the great authors Asimov, Henlin, Bradbury, and Allison, who helped bring out science fiction from this basement. They thus created thought-provoking ideas and clever stories that extended the boundaries and redefined the humanitarian situation. These information-savvy fans are critical of anything Hollywood is throwing at them. It is not critical in itself, but look at each view with a skeptical eye. (The Hollywood record should be less than excellent.) For those fans, the story must be of the utmost importance. They can not be fooled by cheerful computer graphics and non-stop work sequences. When the emperor does not have clothes shouting loudly. <br /> <br /> The second type of science fiction filmmaker has little knowledge of the written side of this genre. (See many of the above comments that mention "Well, I have not read this book or anything by this author ...) Their total exposure to science fiction movies or from Scifi." They are not very critical, and are willing to ignore huge plot holes, Workplaces, and thin story lines if given a healthy dose of strong sensation movements and particularly awesome effects. They are, in fact, willing to stop critical thinking skills (or maybe never have!) An example of this, I'm Robot. It is supposed to be based on short stories of Asimov and named after one of his novels, it contains little of what he wrote Asimov and even less than he tried to tell us about humanity and robotic creations (those that will run out and buy, Robot will be very surprised - this movie does not even rely on this story at all!) <br /> <br /> The film has slots The characters, named after many Asimov characters, do not possess the critical intelligence that was characteristic of his stories. The same plot runs counter to all its practical sequences with everything the author represents. His belief that humanity has the ability to solve problems by using their minds, not their fists, is vital to understanding their vision for the future. In short, unlike the name, very little Isaac is in anything related to this film. There will always be those who do not criticize (such as not thinking) who will say, "The film does not have to be like a book." Because of the medium, movies sometimes require changes. But what about a situation where the film did not try to stay close to the book (or books) from the start? What if all they took from the written work was the title? This begs the question: Why deform a large group of work by slapping it's title on a piece of your crap? Save money and do not buy the rights of works. The title is something else. Do not use personal names. Believe me no one will accuse you of plagiarism. In fact, it will not matter what you call the world of illegitimate cinema that accepts everything you throw at it. But it will annoy those who read, who believe, and who simply do not want to allow you to make a fairly light presentation. <br /> <br /> I, like Robot, like many Hollywood movies, pay science fiction down in the basement where he lived years ago. Hollywood can not do this alone. It requires an audience that does not care and receives such a shelf.
