After surfing the web, I found the "Homefront" series on a DVD on ioffer.com. Before anyone was thrilled, the collection of DVDs I received from an amateur was burned from home videos recorded on his television set 15 years ago. The resolution and quality are poor. The images look as if you were expecting an old video to be re-recorded. Although commercial ads have been released, credits at the end of each episode still contain audio ads for the ABC News program's "Nightline" profile, supplementing headlines from the early 1990s. Even with poor image quality, presentations were able to watch and the sound quality was good. <br /> <br /> This offer has been almost perfect. Everyone was honest and really looked the part. Their behavior was also above average. Jeff Metcalfe's role was played particularly well by Kyle Chandler (recently seen in a remake of King Kong in 2005). The fashion of the period was very authentic like collections, especially the kitchens of the 1940s with antique hardware and decoration. The trend was also creative and different for a television program at the time. For example, conversations between characters sometimes overlap with conversations about the same subject among other characters in different scenes. The Conversations dialog box has been left blank despite the drop and drop between different characters and locations. This requires guidance and editing well, and has succeeded in this case. <br /> <br /> When I started watching this series again, I suddenly remembered why I had lost interest in it 15 years ago. Despite all the ingredients needed for a good display, the plots and story lines are disappointing and confusing from the start. For one reason, the display name itself is completely misleading. When World War II ended in 1945, there was no more fighting so obviously there was no longer a "home front" either. Strangely enough, the first episode of "Homefront" begins in 1945 after the end of the war. This is similar to the launch of the first episode of "Island of Gilligan" which shows the untouchables being rescued. The whole premise with the same name for the display is completely lost. I remain hopeful that the rest of the series may be flash memory, but no, the whole show is from 1946 to 1948. In addition, this series seriously fails any attempt to film any historical events in the late 1940s. In the third episode, it became clear that the series was no more than a thin veiled car of a left-wing political agenda. The exhibition is located in the Ren Ohio River, near Toledo. However, the theme of continuing racism in the show makes him look more like Jackson than Mississippi than Ohio. Part of the cast is Dick Williams, Hattie Winston and Stirling Macer Jr. who portray the Davis family. A large part of the series shows that the Davis family is being discriminated against by the evil "whites" to the extent that they are ridiculous and ridiculous if not funny. I played the racism card and played Hollywood now for over 40 years. We get it. We are also fed up with our daily noses. The subject of racism is not popular with viewers and is the kiss of death for any show, as was the case with Homefront. The talents of Williams and Winston and Maser have faded into their roles as "a frightened / angry black family." The exaggerated racism in this series makes it look like everyone in Ohio is a KKK member or something like that. The issue of racism in this presentation could be tackled in a single episode with a simple punch in the nose or fighting the fist where the fanatic gets to crush the deserving, and leave it at that. Devoting a large part of the serial to racism becomes very fast indeed and is completely stupid. <br /> <br /> In another ridiculous line of intrigue, the great president of a local plant (Ken Jenkins) is portrayed as Ebenezer Scrooge likens the personality who opposes pensions and raises and cares about the acid on his staff. The workers revolt and take over the factory in a stark communistic propaganda message to the viewer. <br /> <br /> Personally, I think this series has great potential. Could the book be easily set up in 1941? 1945 as the title suggests and showed difficulties in rationing food and gas and working for 14 hours in war factories. Of course, the loss of brothers, sons and husbands fighting abroad would add drama. The situation was also ideal for writing in special guest stars as military personnel or USO personnel passing through their town during training or on their way to Europe or the Pacific. The possibilities for good storylines and plots are endless. But no, the Homefront book (David Assael and James Grissom) completely ignored any relevant or interesting plots. Instead, they were completely out of touch and set off in a strange obsession and irrelevant to racism and left-wing politics. It would be unfair for actors to condemn the entire chain, but the conspiracies and positions in which they were placed are complete.
