Yes, Kazaam is one of those horrible bad movies that almost remember one of everything wrong with not only children's movies, but with humanity. Here we have Shak as a rap genie - yes, rap rap - where he does everything from making bad puns to wearing silly clothes, all ending in a Christ-like picture with much of the surrounding light. So, yes, expect the cheese bits really, including the first desire to have a lot of fast food that fall from the sky (unfortunately, not touched the two main people, especially the child). What might not be expected is that a film with a baby and O'Neill Shaquille would be incredibly schmaltze! The main plot of the film includes this child, who played in this very typical and annoying child of the child by the grandson of Frank Capra (where the child screams in his dialogue angrily), who comes on the harvest that has been trapped in the boom box. Then "entails" hiarity "as the child makes Shaq-genie his sub-slaves while waiting on his last wishes while trying to adjust with his absent father from a shady ring. <br /> <br /> This is the story of a really happy son and father, Enough, because there are some lines that have been spoken in a million other films (for example, "Two Life Opportunities" from one letter to another.) But Shakil O'Neal is the reason for watching the movie (The Paradox), and the clear dive of everything. On it, when he does not get excessive speech therapy from Capra, into the rap within the dialog box, as well as begins his prosperous career. He picks up the ass and takes the names with the main villains who want to bring him back to the boom box ... Is there a camp factor for the film? Somewhat, but even it is crushed by all the mushy scenes and moments of "heart feel" that really have nothing to do with the rest of the material. One wonders whether the people who made the film, who were doing so clearly based on the popularity of the basketball player who wanted to get into the Michael Jordan chariot, would be nowhere near entertainment or persuasion. I hope they also know they were getting paid. But I hope more than that they felt at least the subsequent words of guilt to feed them a Shaq machine. <br /> <br /> So, if you want to spend an enjoyable night in Shaq as a Genie turned into a rapper - turned-wise, more fun for you. Hell, it might be interesting to have a hard night movie with this and other highly acclaimed steel. But if you're hoping to keep some brain cells, you have to move away from what is probably the worst in 1996 and a candidate among many other cells for the worst of the 1990s.
