Reviewing KAZAAM and saying that it's a bad film is not hard at all - after all, the critics took the time to come out and explain this film - saying it was among the worst movies in the decade! So the fact that I say it's bad or anyone else says it's bad is definitely not a surprise. It's like someone talking about World War II - in practice, nobody says that's a good thing, is it? The question I have and I have nowhere on the IMDb can be answered is "Why did they do this in the first place ?!". After all, it is obvious to anyone who has not been severely hurt in the brain that the film would be terrible. However, films such as ED (Chimpanzee Baseball), COOL AS ICE (the most famous Vanilla Ice Championship), TROLL 2 (no trolls), BABY GENIUSES and Pinocchio in outer space (Huh!?!) Prove that no idea, however stupid, can reach the big screen! So, the idea of ​​the best basketball player at the time starring Kenny for a nasty little naughty looks "normal" express! <br /> <br /> The movie begins with a very convulsive child closing the cupboards in the school lobby. Like the villain of Free Willie, this child is "misunderstood" in some way (in other words, total naughty) and you know that no matter how selfish and horrifying, by the end of the film you will learn something and grow. Just once, I want to see a punk kid like this end up in prison or dead by the end of the movie! In the end, while the acts of intimidation of the neighbors in the midst of his bombing, the Gin Kazam (Shaquille O'Neal) is accidentally fired and insists on giving the naughty three wishes. But the child does not believe him and it seems that the charm of the genie is a rusty child. <br /> <br /> In the end, the little guy realizes that Kazam is real. However, unlike most children, he does not show his wishes, and at the same time Kazam has to follow him everywhere - like his personal servant. According to the cliché, you know that by the end of the film, Max and Casam will become lifelong friends and a bunch of tears will fall. Oh, and Max will reconcile with his absent father and fiancee to my mother (I'll do a gag). It is clear that this genie is a social factor to some extent in addition to being wishful wishes. <br /> <br /> As for Kazam, Shakil speaks in a rhyme through a large part of the film and even takes a break to rap ... very bad. I am a middle aged white man, I think I probably can rap at least too! He is an amazing basketball player and I heard that he was a nice guy - but the rapper ... no escape! As for his acting, he was not wonderful, but he had a nice character in the film so hard to hate - even if they made him do a lot of very stupid things. <br /> <br /> Is the movie so awful as you might have heard? During the first two thirds of the film, I'd say no. Shakil seems to be doing his best with an unwanted child and writing badly. However, later in the film, it becomes terrible - Kazam seems so interested in himself to help the child when he really needs it. And, from anywhere, the plot becomes really strange - as the person who wants to make Casam the rap star (?!?!) Turns into a wicked man! It is strange that this man accepts that Kazam Jeni without hesitation! <br /> <br /> In addition, the final part of the film consists of people trying to kill Max and his father. I know the child was annoying, but it's supposed to be a children's movie !! Any part of the "attempt to kill the child" did not understand the book?!? Then, at the end that makes this perhaps the worst film for the children ends in history, Kazam becomes a god or something, and everything was like hallucinations caused by drugs! This was the dumbest and strangest ending of those in THE BLACK HOLE ... and boy, did it make me think !! Uggghh - The dialogue was terrible too much !!! <br /> <br /> In general, it is a terrible film that is mostly due to writers who were crazy. Yes, people, with a messy message, strange material that is not child friendly and horrible characters, this is a miserable film. Unfortunately, given the idea and actors, it is hard to imagine that the final product turns into a much worse situation !! <br /> <br /> By the way, if you want to see Gene in a good modern international film, try making the British for the television movie "Bernard and the Genie" - a fascinating and well written film from start to finish.
