In 1996, this was the first adaptation of Jane Eyre that I ever saw and when I was terrified of it. Much of the novel has been left to be considered by William Hurt to be terribly misleading, such as Rochester. Since then I've seen all the other interesting revisions of the novel, the short three versions of "44," 70, "97" and the three mini-series of "73," 83 and 2006, and I noticed that there were worse and worse Rochester adjustments. <br /> <br /> This is without doubt the most attractive adaptation of Jane Eyre to cinema. Filmmaker Franco Zeriferley comes out in beautiful long shots of snow falling from the winter sky, a lonely Rochester standing on a rock, and Jane looking out of the window - but it is less of a quality in telling a story and bringing characters to life. In addition, his script just scratches the surface of the novel by leaving many important scenes. As a result, the film does not show the depth and complexity of the relationship between Jane and Rochester, and unfortunately does not include the comic side of intercourse. There are a few short conversations between Rochester and Jane, each beautifully arranged, but the two pairs they exchange are not enough to show the audience that they are connected. We know that they are supposed to fall in love, but we do not see it happening. The scene in which Rochester wants to discover Jane's reaction to his dilemma by putting his case in the default form after Mason's leaving the wounded house is completely lost, and the farewell scene, the most important scene - the climax - the novel is reduced to four sentences. Zerifferlli does not commit the mistake of the other scriptwriters in replacing their bad writings with the brilliant Brontë lines. The critical scenes have not changed and are completely rewritten, but he makes a less offensive mistake but ultimately misses many important scenes. . The rest is just a glimpse of the novel, which is not fair to Charlotte Bronte's masterpiece. <br /> <br /> The cast is a mixed bag: while Fiona Shaw is a wonderful lady of Ms. Reid, the young Jean-Paquin Jean is the most misbehaving, Lolita pester of a single little girl, yearning for love. Joan Blauret is always a very popular figure, but she is far from Fairfax, and one can only feel that Billy Whitelaw is supposed to be playing the witch in the village instead of Grace Paul, who is barely and hard working. Charlotte Gainsbourg is the heroine of Kibert, however, an ideal choice for Jane Eyre. Because everyone is like 18 years old, tall and weak, characterized by irregular and powerful characteristics, they are closer to my inner vision of Jane than any other actress in this role. During the first 15 minutes of its screenplay, I was enchanted by its performance. Gainsbourgh runs well to allow the public to guess the inner fire and the strong will hidden behind the hallway mask. Unfortunately, however, the text never allowed her to expand the more emotional and vital aspect of Jane's character. As a result of leaving many scenes and shortening a lot of dialogues, the Ginsburg portrait of Jane must remain incomplete and thus ultimately unsatisfactory. This is a pity, as in the best scenario, Charlotte Gainsbourg was probably as good as Jean like Zella Clark in version 83. But while it is still clear that Gainsbourg is trying to play Jane, there is no trace of Rochester In the character portrayed by William Hurt. Hurt, who has proven to be a good actor in many good films, must be aware that he was so physically and tactfully that he did not even try to play Rochester in the novel. Rochester, besides being blond and blue-eyed, is a good-hearted, good-natured man, shy and quiet, a little weird and eccentric, but good-natured and gentle. He is far from being so angry, moody, and long-tempered that the lines that refer to these traits to his personality seem utterly ridiculous. In addition, during many moments of the film, the expression of Hurt's face leaves one wondering whether he is fighting from severe attacks of sleep sickness. In the scene of the proposal in particular, the patient, like a patient who gathers from a general anesthetic, is barely able to keep his eyes open. If you compare Rochester to the hero of the strong-willed novel, simply with energy and mood, it is no wonder that many viewers are disappointed with Hurt's performance. However, it bothers me less than "Rochester" in the editions of the "1970s, 1970s, 1970s and 1970s", and I generally rank Jane Eyre higher than the other three. It is clear that Hurt had the wit to realize that Rochester could not be the novel, and therefore did not try to do so, while George S. See a character unlike Rochester other than Rochester who played badly. Jane Eyre's best film, which excludes many lines of the novel but does not invent new lines from a copy that uses modern dialogues that seem to be spoken by a couple today at Starbucks. Of course, Jane Eyre is a failure, but he is at least a failure, and he is more than one to say about the amendments of 97 and 2006. So I will not shy away from watching this amendment: You will not find Jane Eyre, but at least you will find a beautiful film.
