... You can take a look at this statement in different ways, by the way. First of all, it's a mess because of all the horrendous and violent scenes. Do not approach your imagination closest to some of the scenes shown clearly here. The whole parts of this movie are just sick, disgusting, abusive, brutal and takes you close to broadcasting your courage. Now, I love horror movies and I am very pro-violent, but I think it should lead somewhere !! Is to ask too much? The cradle of fear is just a series of sick and completely twisted thoughts. The Movie contains four separate chapters that are connected to a wrapped story. This results in an endless show of torture, murder and disease only to discover that there is something common to the victims. Not very useful, if you ask me. And yet - it must be said - the idea of ​​a fundamental conspiracy certainly has potential. It is about a hypnotic hypnotic cannibal that struck a deal with Satan himself to avenge himself and cause misery and death to anyone who participated in his trial. Personally, I think this is an interesting subject, so they should have focused on it instead of wanting to create the most disgusting movies ever. <br /> <br /> Second, the full production of this film was in chaos. They did not have much budget and spent all that on fake blood and courage ... tons of it !! The presentations are a joke and some of the worst I've ever seen. Any other special effects besides make-up look very amateurish (like that attempt to a realistic car accident, for example). There is no tension or atmosphere to discover it anywhere ... nor even try to build one. <br /> <br /> The cradle of fear is a failure and a missed opportunity. With the death metal icon Danni Filth (from Cradle of filth..get the link?). It is clear that this film is dedicated only to the twisted eyes of teenagers who try to be controversial. Girls and troubled boys who are happy to worry their parents by watching such crap like this. Then people continue to complain that the number of suicides and delinquency is increasing ... Bah. I can imagine that this film can cause a lot of damage when easily affected or get rid of an unstable mind. For all horror lovers who respect themselves, this film is an insult.
