Did anyone think that this film, especially the director, was thinking about the logic of the story line? These are not just plot holes, but conspiracy cemeteries, getting deeper as we lose any sympathy for the main character and ordeal. That is, if you are viewers enough to lavishly ignore the fact that most of the films that characters either served in the pit pit plot, or boring and undesirable. Or, in the case of Downey and Hannah characters, it seems unnecessary. When thinking about why there was a great time for Downey's personal screen in the film, she decided either that the director had loved his character and increased his time unnecessarily (uncertain because the director did not change anything else about the script he really needed) or that his character would be Sacrifice on the altar of bad conspiracy. I'll let you guess what it's supposed to be. <br /> <br /> I had to continue checking the DVD cover to confirm that this was really done by trusted talents. I can not understand why Robert Altman will take this position. Definitely has some power to choose and choose. In fact, I can not understand why anyone embraces this text, except for the first time out looking for the experience. <br /> <br /> I suppose Robert Downey Jr. needed money for his habit. I suppose Kenneth Branagh wanted to experience a Southern accent. I assume Robert Duvall was given only a few pages of text and thought that the isolation seemed interesting. These are the only motives I can see that will force good actors to take part in this film. For Robert Altman, great efforts have been made to make the film look great. I found myself observing how to put such a frame and a scene, or use bright orange float vests in another scene to draw eye movements, or impose a beautiful candidate to create a certain mood. I do not usually notice such things in movies, because most of the films I've bothered to watch to the end are actually distracting me for reasons of storytelling and interesting characters with understandable motives. I have seen this until the end just because some ridiculous elements of optimism in myself continued to look at this DVD cover and I was convinced that, because of the talent involved, there were some recovery factors in this film. <br /> <br /> The beautiful direction. But that's not why watching movies.
