I read a lot of good things about this modification of my favorite novels ... so my expectations were always broken. But they were crushed too much. The film would have been a decent film if I had not read the novel in advance, which probably destroyed it for me. <br /> <br /> Anyway, for some reason, they changed the work camp in Toulon to a full ship. Of Slaves Slave. The scene at Bishop Meryl was good. In fact, unlike the sewers, things remained until Fentin was dismissed. Because we do not want bad things to happen to a good woman, she does not cut her hair, do not sell her teeth, or become a whore. The worst thing you do is jogging into the mayor's office and spitting on his face. Bamatabois is completely eliminated. Because having children out of wedlock should not be talked about, Tholomyes is a dead phantom pair, rather than being amazing. Valjean is able to bring Cosette for Fantine before the Champmathieu case, so they happily meet, after another change. Then comes the monastery, a very difficult sight for a screw. Praise be to Allaah. Yet, after these three minutes of precision, the film begins to swing back toward a classic novel massacre. <br /> <br /> While Kozit and Valgian ride the park, they face Marius to deliver a speech at a meeting. On prison reform. When it comes to handing out leaflets to Valjean and Cosette, he says the only line in the film that made me scream on the television set. "We are not revolutionaries." I heard Victor Hugo crushed in his grave. Of course they are revolutions! They want to rebel against the false property of another republic, stupid scriptwriters! It is a historical fact that there was a rebellion against the government in 1832. At one point, Kozit went to Marius to donate her father to the Reform Movement and meet with Ebon. Except ... not Eponine. Or at least not Eponine's book. Eponine seems to be a high-class girl working for prison reformers (who work outside Universal Cafe instead of Cafe Musain). Not to mention that the public has already been disliked by her long-term, inconsistent dress and harsh behavior. <br /> <br /> Reformers in prisons (led by the worst Enjolras) I have ever seen) decide that the distribution of brochures is not good enough anymore. So they will build barriers. I do not know about you, but I have never heard of reform movements that tear the streets, build barricades and attack government forces. About 300 people (not supposed to be much) start attacking the National Guard and building a group of barricades, and so forth. Ebony dies for Marius, thank God. <br /> <br /> The rest of the film is fairly accurate, but Jaift's suicide seems to be hard to understand again thanks to his time of great presentation and the interpretation of his strange character. The movie ends with Valjean watching Javert jump into the river. This again is inaccurate because Valjean did not leave Javert to sink. Save the man's life earlier, why let him die now? Then there is a complete skip to Valjean's confession to Marius, his deterioration, and his salvation on his deathbed with Marius and Cosette beside him. <br /> <br /> In general, I can blame the text mostly because of problems. While I am happy for Angolas and Ebony were at least present in the film, they were terribly misinterpreted, as was the whole headstrong scene. It prevents us from eradicating the suffering of two empires. That Kozit knows Valjean's past from the beginning spoils with the plot a good deal. I have not seen until then, Mami. Thenardier was only a few seconds from the screen time. The same with Gavroche. I liked the interpretation of Frederick Marsh for a lot of Valgian, which was one of the salient features of the film. On the other hand, it appears that Charles Luton, despite all his great works in other films, has been missed by Jaafar. The flutter of the lip, unnecessary screaming, and general behavior, all felt wrong. As he, like many of the Javerts that I have seen, has never appeared any threat, something is required of personality. <br /> <br /> Once again, this movie is likely to feel a lot better if I do not read the book. I do not recommend it to reserve fundamentalists, though. I would also like to say that the film would have been well adapted at a time when the French version was not very well-known the previous year.
