When I told people that I was reviewing movies as a hobby, the first thing they said was, "What do you think of such and such a film?" There are some problems here. First, there is a potential opportunity because I have not seen it, and thus, spoiled my reputation. Second, I can get rid of the film in question without realizing that it's actually their favorite. Finally, you can give me DVDs to watch them so they can judge my opinion. So, I found myself sitting before "The Convent", a kind of film that I was completely ignoring with the option given, but I can not avoid it here. It is unfortunate that this horrifying "horror" is frankly horrible as a cat box. <br /> <br /> After the worn-out cliches, "The Abbey" focuses on a group of American high school students on a trip. To an abandoned monastery on a mission to get stoned, and put a little panic. But you will not guess what happens next? A group of nuns who eat cannibalism appear from spider webs that begin to grab children from one by one in the tradition of classic horror films. Will you survive any of them and most importantly, do not you have better things to worry about? <br /> <br /> The only thing that saves the "abbey" from being a waste of time is the fact that no one takes it seriously except for the odd Colio veil as an overactive cop with a itchy finger-itching. It's very fun to be scary right - the zombie fan who makes noises about chip chips for no reason is the daytime paint job that appears when it becomes coma - but what it really kills is terror. When someone jumps to kill him. But even if they try, I still doubt it will work - the devilish nuns wearing the make-up you see on TV show "Buffy The Vampire Slayer" is not really scary. The most frightening thing in this film is that more than 10% of the voters gave this maximum score. I mean, I know it's funny, but I barely parted my side. To be honest, I enjoyed more in the dentist. <br /> <br /> "The Convent" is not such a horror film. It's more than a comedy horror film like "Scary Movie" or "Shaun Of The Dead" but you laugh at it instead. Frankly, I can not recommend this to anyone except the family of the crew and crew, but even then, I very much doubt that they will enjoy it. I do not enjoy this kind of "very bad" because it is good "- I personally feel that if the filmmakers can not be bothered to save the turkey, I should not fail the intestine I am trying to watch. Rubik's cube, for example, has two price labels - one for £ 4.99 and a reduced price of £ 3.00 but sold for £ 1 and should tell you everything you need to know about it I'm sorry if you want it but the " See the "really is a pile of crap is sacred.
