Dull. Schlocky. Just plain horrible and awful. Let's be honest, when you sit down to see something called The Double-D Avenger, do not expect great art or even moderate relaxation. You might expect some kind of worship movies and you might get some wonderful views of some of the great statues. You do not really get either of these videos. The story, as consistent with most of these species, is incorrect: Chitin runs a local pub, discovers that she has breast cancer, and flies to South America in search of a fruit that claims to cure and treat all diseases. A human-resources donor, returns and battles, dressed as Double-D Avenger, a group of local strikers who want to get out of the competition. As the news passed, I saw much worse, but as other reviewers noted, the execution was horrific. Action sequence lacks zip, driving, motivation, and thin tissue. Representation is not even campy and dialogue is digging. Nothing, I mean nothing funny from pseudo-pictorial to heavy boogie references. Everyone can be forgiven if the girls can make up for it, but they are all minors. Hierra, Hagi, and Raffin de la Croix are all older (still beautiful in their own way), but they did not offer anything and became the antithesis of what they were trying to be: the older cartoons, for their former selves. Instead, they seem very lame and desperate - more because the car "plays out" instead of their abilities. There are some other beautiful ladies, but you do not see much of anything. PG-13 can certainly be the appropriate classification for this purpose. The material, actress and director are all tired, exhausting and dated - and again - not funny! It was a brutal hour in addition to sitting during this, and this is a shame because I expected something fun and enjoyable. The man who plays Bubba by the way was the only real laugh for me. Not that it was good at all, but every time he opened his mouth I kept thinking about how terrified he really was. The only bright spot here at all is Mr. Sci-Fi's own vision, Forrest J. Ackerman, who plays the Secretary of the Wax Museum and speaks to Frankenstein wax who is named Frankie. Other than that this is a full bust - now that's how the Tory is so tired, horrible, vulgar!
