Watching the first 30 minutes of forgetfulness sand gave me great hopes. It seems I was in a cheaper version of the mummy. The setting was promising, in 1920, Cecil B. Demel to make the Ten Commandments. It seems that in using the real Egyptian artifacts of the film set, they launched an old and terrible evil (is not it always?). Conscious of the unleashing of DeMille's orders, the entire collection was buried rather than the usual practice of demolishing it. Hopefully evil will be buried with her all the time. After that, we are moving to the present day as a team tries to explore the site (the first error of the film, but fashion time is expensive and this is Sci-Fi). The first scenes we got from the Anubis monster were done well, in a form where they exerted some effort, not the usual effect of cheese. Then the body begins to charge. This movie was gone south for me. The reactions to the fact that people die in heinous and alien ways get an oddly defeated reaction. Once they realize that old evil has been unleashed once again in a wave of killing what do the leading stock issue between men and women? They stop the usual "man who knows the truth but did not tell anyone." After you get this vital information, do you share it with the comrades at the drilling site? No, they stop in a hotel for a refreshing shower and a nice little talk. I really am not the most enthusiastic person, but if I know that a demon from ancient Egypt was about to leave and kill everyone on the horizon and he would come after me I would put some hustle in my steps to solve the problem. After this extended and useless middle section, they tend to destroy the Anubis monster the usual way, by racing in sand dunes and shooting it with a rocket launcher while standing next to a pile of phosphorous bombs. For the Sci-Fi movie, it was higher than the usual foolishness they produced, and that does not mean much at all. What bothers me is that this could have been much more if someone wrote a decent text.
