It's a really bad film, with bad behavior and very boring speed Lorenzo Lamas is really wonderful! All the characters are annoying (except for Lamas), and no one ever does or cares about them, and the procedure is very boring. The movie gives us 3 of the bad guys who were supposed to find a threatening and annoying while in fact there are dull and funny and just a bunch of morals that I wanted to shut up! , Plus they look very cheap and amateur! Lorenzo Lamas has a lot of charisma, but he can not save this foolishness, and believe it or not, the hole was really wonderful, as was the end, but the center is incredibly boring, and I got the urge to press the fast forward button! It is especially laughable. There is a wonderful scene at the bar I really liked, but once Lamas heads to the pier, everything collapses, in addition to the scene where the wicked Jennifer's family tortures him, and killing them was supposed to find them disturbing when they are really funny! It's a really bad film, with bad behavior and a very boring speed, but Lorenzo Lamas is really wonderful although not enough and not recommended. The trend is very bad. George Erichheimer does a very bad job here, where the modest camera, the nice location, and the film keep up a dull pace. The representation is very bad (except Lamas). Lorenzo Lamas is wonderful here, and although he is not required to work, he is very fun to watch and has a really wonderful personality and he has a lot of charisma, yet he can not save that person and he has no chemistry with cast either! (LAMAS rules!). Jozy Bill is awesome here, and while it looks decent, they are not very convincing and have no chemistry with Lamas. Cheryl Jeans was hot, but she did not have much to do except screaming and fear, she was so good at it. Robert Scott is incredibly annoying as the main villain, and he was not at all threatened, he was as laughable as the others were. The rest cast bad. Avoid Overall! Avoid! , Even if you love Lamas (like me). * Of 5
