I saw this a few days ago, so the details became foggy. The film was filmed on hand-held cameras, and it was made a lot of it at the time it was originally released, so we did not have a lot of studio pictures made that way. I can only feel that this was a gimmick more than anything else, it was designed to make the public believe that what we see on the screen does not contain all the concessions that come with a big budget, and so it was "real." However, what we have here Nothing more than just a good rip in the first half of the Full Metal Jacket, so anyone who saw it, or any one of the other rips out there, would know what to do. <br /> <br /> The main problem I faced was characters Stereotyped, soft-spoken young children, close harmonious singing, Ebonyx blowing black men, and cumbersome necklaces in the dark And so on, and the bitter and twisted minds, etc. .. all that is placed in the types of positions that would provide friction and tension at any time.This may have been intended to highlight the stupidity of the situation and injustice, or perhaps it was lazy, Trying to attract the biggest audience, all I know is annoying ... One of the new things was a mix of volunteers and freebies (where all the characters would usually be forced into this situation), although only the two main characters play a big role Command. This seems to be the main focus of the scheme, where volunteers volunteer to their senses and competitors gain a sense of duty and self-respect, but all are done in a coercive and unobserved way. The other big mistake was how all the characters (except psychics and real gangs) reacted to each inevitable conflict with the first aggression and the threats of violence, faced by the Farrell Gallery everywhere, and immediately retreating reasonable and diplomatic. <br /> <br /> I think if I have to find a plus, it would be a representation of the two lists, which were very strong and convincing, taking into account the formal nature of the characters, this was not very difficult. > <br /> In my imagination, Bozz grew up to become Zeke off Tour of Duty, and for my money, there will be 4 episodes of it more fun to watch.
