I am a student in cinema, and I have been for several years. The cyber chimpanzee concept of cyberspace, Kung Fu, asked me: "Will this film collapse the mold?" Let's face it, America has never let down any piece of cinema that is characterized by imitation kari. After these great classics like "Monkey Trouble" and "Dunston Checks In", I thought the best ideas had already been taken. But then comes the "funky monkey". I laughed, cried, I thought of suicide. <br /> <br /> Now I read about Satan's possession of the Bible, but that does not explain why someone has produced such evil. First, having possessed at least intelligence, I realized that the chimpanzees were in fact a monkey, not a monkey at all. However, you are sure that filmmakers will remove this problem in the movie. they did not. Let me summarize this artwork: a company named Z.I.T. I decided to train chimpanzees as soldiers. why? I think they mention something about the soldiers who work in bananas, but when it costs about $ 13 million of government money to train a chimpanzee, that does not seem cost-effective. Well anyway, Z.I.T. He brings a CIA specialist (Matthew Moden) to train Clemens (chimpanzees). Clemens is everything Z.I.T. Hope for. He can take away a whole group of guards, who all seem to have acquired their training skills at the local mall, yet are still able to remind us that we are watching a kid movie. As you may have guessed, Modine discovers that Z.I.T's intentions may be sinister (Gasp!) And decide to get rid of Clemens. Since he is a CIA agent, Mudain knows that the best way to make himself disappear is to go to a big city, rent a guest room, and show appearances regularly on TV while fighting crime, and use checks to pay for everything. <br /> <br /> Oil discovered where Maudin lives, and sends two of their best to recover. These guards are probably the greatest comedy team since Martin and Lewis, or was Turner and Hush? It does not matter anyway, because in the end, to win a crooked end, win the good guys !!! Yay! Hooray to predict! Throw a nerd who learns how to be the same, a single mother needs a date, a music montage that has songs you'll watch even Disney Radio and you'll get a "Funky Monkey". Film climax? football game! Played by thugs, bumblers, chimps, and nerd boy. There does not seem to be anyone interested in such alternatives in a high school football game. <br /> <br /> Never forget Funky Monkey! It's the edge of your seat entertainment. Some may call this "American beauty" of monkey-filled features. After finishing this epic, I remembered hearing a story about a railway worker who lost a lot of his jobs when he broke through a metal rod of the temporal lobe. A funky monkey is a metal rod between films.
