When I saw that Mary Louise Parker was associated with this epic novel that turned into a film, I was intrigued. As a book lover, I assumed she would play Tony, Rose, or Charisse, but more than that, I was fascinated by how they would transform this novel about the novel, which is almost psychological (but not psychologically exciting) into a film that would be Accessible to those who have not read the novel, and it will be at least satisfactory for those who have at least. This book is a complex reflection of society, women and modern life, and I was interested in seeing how they used the three different novels that led to the story in a film. What they have done is a crime. <br /> <br /> The biggest mistake and perplexing problem is: Why does Oxygen, a network that announces it for women, take an amazing book about the complexity of women, their brilliance and their ruthlessness, and could be, changing the protagonist from 3 women to some cop Former dumb with no real motivation to participate in the story? Anyone who has adapted seems to have taken an easy route by using this man to direct a question to Roz, Tony and Charis about how they knew Zenia and, by doing so, rushed through the bulk of the book. In doing so even though they disrupted the story and cut off all that was wonderful about the characters in it, besides making it so that the public had no reliable person to share it with. In the film, these women are not people, they are personalities. <br /> <br /> In the book, Zenia dies, but the book reminds her to illustrate this point, while the film is wasted 30-45 minutes focusing on this former policeman running and doing nothing. They tried to make this complex book a loop of Law and Order or CSI. <br /> <br /> It turned out that Mary Louise Parker played the role of Zenia, which is very wrong. Zenia is Catherine Zeta-Jones, Angelina Jolie, or maybe even Scarlett-Joneson. She is a woman that a man can not love, a woman who interests women and threatens them, but in a way that "keeps your enemies closer." As soon as they approach, they look quite real and worthy of trust, despite your best judgment. She is the kind of woman that, even when she loses, she wins: she is always beautiful, still rich, and there are always people who do not know her game. <br /> <br /> In the film, Zenia did not take Charis man (the blond American dodger who used Charis in the first place ...) Instead, he took the month of August and tried to become its legal guardian (he seems to have returned to read Her lover the lesbian as a kiss in the cafe means). Zenia had killed chickens before leaving in August, but it did not make sense to remove all kinds. It was as if all the scriptwriters were about to please those of us who read the book, but I think if I had not read the book, I would have been puzzled by the entire film, if I had bothered to stick to it all. <br /> <br /> Rose's husband died before Zenia came to the picture (which is strange since Zenia took Roz's work and her household life in the book, which is why Rose hated her a lot). Zinia conspired to kill Rose's husband And years. According to the film, Tony and Wist were forever back ... Even at the concert where Zinia and the West (in the book) painted the whole place in black and made Tony look exactly like this (and evil, rude) person who was always respected by everyone for her intelligence and popularity. Tony's character was very wrong in this film ... he seemed a bit psychic and like the mastermind behind everything that conspired he was declining in exchange for some sort of miserable teacher isolated in the book. The film implies that smart women are evil, beautiful women are wicked, women are strong and evil, and women who teach yoga are far from rock. <br /> <br /> They basically tried to make it so that Zinia was not necessarily as horrible as it was in the book, and then, finally, the three women convince this former policeman (who, of course, while looking for this, Zinia has a romantic relationship that is supposed to end with her move to Barbados or anything ridiculous, which Zinia will certainly release (to hide the body of Zinia) I found cracked at the hotel where she was staying, but the film indicates that one of the three women paid On the balcony, or together to do it ...) Zenia was also able to get all the Roz money in the process. By the end of the film, I was only half-interested between B / C commercials, I had moved a lot farther in space than I could and should have been. <br /> <br /> If you do not feel confused by this breakdown, then you may want to, because I read the book and watched the movie, and from the film alone I feel very confused. It was terrible. I find that producing a film from this book is quite important, but if you do the job, you should start by identifying what is in this non-essential book, rather than creating a useless figure to be Alice in Wonderland. . <br /> <br /> Are there really inaccurate books that Oxygen can produce at least half of decent TV movies?
