* Warning - no spoilers plot ahead, but spoilers with it ... * My big rented this for me and I think it would be a wonderful love story with representatives of all stars. Wow - very very wrong. This film is an exaggerated excuse, and above the limit, and an excuse too passionate to launch a film after 15 years of filming! "The history of copyright in the fund in 2005, but in the first series of stills, I looked at the clothes and collars that were supposed to be in the early sixties, and noted that the girls were wearing dresses and hairstyles in the late 1980s. It looked as if he had been filmed 15 or 20 years before the movie was shown! I tried to comfort myself as being an impromptu idea, so I was supposed to look old, but it looked like WWWWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAYAYYYYYYYYYY more than the 80s or even the 21st century trying to be in the sixties ... and then one of the great coworkers in the lead ... looks exactly like The boy is featured in the flashback sequences (however, it's a different older character that shows its youth in the flashback). I was so confused that I saw in the special features of the short film - the whole sequence of the flashback, was filmed in 1990 as a full-fledged student film with the same title as this movie! It also contains a comment that includes the little boy who grew up and actually grew up (in fact he was acting with a colleague in 2005 scenes). Thus, this film is just a tale of a woven story about an old student film that has been re-assembled as a clear excuse to make it reach the stage of the play. The film "Shill", filmed in 2005, revolves around a man who lost his wife and finds healing and redemption in the dance class and is a dying man who will attend him instead (something about the promise made by the death man in his early sixties to meet his girls on "the fifth day Of the fifth month of the fifth year of the new millennium - an excuse to shoot the segments about the old film in 2005?) Perhaps these scenes and the new plot Well, except for the horrifying and emotional result that repeatedly repeats nausea in almost every new scene and vulgar movement permeating the new film , Do not bother, there is a reason not to hear you absolute Although this film has well-known actors - it's terrible.
