I repeat, please do not see this movie! This is more than just a review. This is a warning. This records the worst comedy record ever. At least with most modern comedies at present, the gags are unclear and exciting, but writers and directors have at least made some effort to make them funny. I'm not tired of repeating one of my favorite songs: everyone thinks they can do comedy, and only 10 percent of them are right. Comedy is difficult! This is not something a fool can play with. I think it would be cruel for directors to compare this piece of trash to "Kentucky Fried". Essentially, these colleagues compare their alleged comic talents with the great talents of Jim Abrahams and the Zucker brothers. Come on, I've seen Pauly Shore movies 10 times more entertaining than The Underground Comedy Movie. Here's a sample of comedy for those who are curious about watching this movie: One of the charts includes a super hero wearing a D-kman. The whole joke is that he defeats his enemies by pouring them into me. This is. This is a complete joke. Wonderful. This is enough to make the islands top roll eyeshadow. Another sketch includes a man fucking a dead person in a porno movie. In another drawing, there is a beauty contest for women, where we are exposed to the terrible scenes of middle-aged women wearing bikini clothes with beer braces and stretch marks. In addition, the homeless mocks more than puzzled. It's a step away from the irony of mentally handicapped. The entire movie should be satire. I think the filmmakers forgot that the main element in the irony ... is the truth !!! For anyone who has already enjoyed this nonsense, explain to me what is true in any of these gags! Some graphics may seem funny on paper, but anyone who took any screenwriting classes knows that if the visual acuity looks very funny on paper, it may not be funny on the screen. If you tell someone about a big black virgin, gay, save himself for the right man, it is likely to laugh. But watching the premise that is running on the screen for about 10 minutes represents a complete obstacle. I hate how people criticize low-blocking comedy like this for not funny, they are considered stuck boxes. I just saw "White Chicks" recently. This is another low-resolution and politically incorrect comedy, but I laughed at my head. The most offensive thing about "The Underground Comedy Movie" is not funny! What the writers and directors do not understand is that just being dirty and tasteless does not work. There must be more! Just think of the famous scene of "There's Something About Mary" (ironically enough filmmakers poso put Farrelllys on their own thank-you list). The humor about the semen was not funny because it included bodily fluids. There was an accumulation. Ben Stiller was masturbating in the bathroom to make sure he did not come out on time with a "loaded gun". Then he looked around to see where all the semen went after it was released. Ways on the door, and he has to answer it. His date, Mary, is at the door, when the semen is detected attached to the ear of the son. In this film, there are many gags that involve characters flowing from semen to people, without accumulation at all. As Jay Leno always says, "This comedian is not easy, is it?" Keep this in mind, show Vince, 'because you did not rule out that type !! The only reason people make fun of these gags is that they want to feel hip. Let's face it, for the time being hip is to laugh at anything politically incorrect. I know that comedy is subjective ... but this film should not be funny to anyone, except maybe the filmmakers themselves. As a side note, it was necessary to produce the film before Michael Clark Duncan's fame in films such as Armageddon and Green Mile. There can be no other reason to make a representative of his caliber volunteer to be part of this mysterious show of amateurs. All others in the team are either non-reps, actors or movie stars B. Karen Black left a good impression on "Five Easy Pieces", but I do not think she has done anything of value since. Slash may have been anesthetized to exist in this film. Gina Lee Noelin is not without Baywatch. Angelyne is the biggest movie star (keeping in mind that Duncan was not famous at the time), and there may still be a lot of people who have not heard of it - for good reason. Normally, I support very low budget clicks, but this one is worth drifting into mystery. I hope this is not a classic riba! Should there be a law against the distribution of crap like this?
