Evidence of why Hollywood conventions exist. The old dialogue, the backward and flat characters, and the disjointed story are only part of the problems with this classic wannabe gangster. Trying to be bold and different, but this seems to be a slap attempt to revive the charms of Arthur Ben Bonnie and Clyde (1967) and George Roy Hill of Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid (1969) - truly innovative filmmakers and filmmakers - but located down the bar. Issues related to story stories explain themselves to the need for audio commentary to explain problem sections. It seems that the amendment again is an attempt to replicate the previous classics but is sometimes disassociated and causes me more technical problems. Non-essential shots are thrown to justify filming but it is better to serve the viewer by sitting on the floor of the cutting room. Black and white footage and montage is performed from time to time in attempts to either be different or to cover scenes that can not be well moved or to replace scenes that have never worked and to recall again of Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid (1969). <br /> <br /> Overly dramatic stops between the sentences, random shots of the surrounding scenes that were not required for storytelling as well as the active representation of bit actors and supporting actors reminded us of backyard camera directors in the late 1980s - I left wondering who was in charge of this film During production and during post-production. Playing music in most of the two shots and close-ups, then suddenly stopping in broad shots, strongly confirmed a weak musical score. The soundtrack was not very clear because most of the film was shots, doors, steps and dialogue (a style used by new directors in the late 1960s to mid-1970s) but lacked the background noise making it look artificial - especially the tires squealing on dirt roads. In my honest opinion, the biggest problem is that there are no "likable" characters that the public can follow, and we do not see our heroes as heroes. Neither the gangs nor the jurists were characters I wanted to win and did not focus on the "hero" - a necessity for any story working for me. We know of the films of Pines and Hill of "Heroes". Although they are criminals, we love them and want to see them fleeing. You are less important than it was on screen in this movie. I have the impression that John Milios was trying to launch a historically inaccurate documentary about the events surrounding John Delinger's life from June 1933 to July 1934 (his death). <br /> <br /> To be fair, there are some good storytelling moments, moments that shine in bright colors from the dark and gloomy box on which this film sits. John Milios feels the best thanks in future films as he does not seem to be trying to "copy" other filmmakers. Dillinger (1973) is not a complete waste because many of the famous stars and faces on the verge of collapse take part in this first show of the "huge budget" but wait for it on a classic movie channel instead of spending money to rent or buy. <br /> <br />
