Again, I saw a film by people who did not know anything. I recently reviewed Baby Face Nelson. I've seen Dillinger now and have run into me. <br /> <br /> This movie is trash. I do not know how anyone in his right mind can compare this to a classic like Bonnie and Clyde. This film is far from classic. Someone called it wonderful. This is something crazy to say. This film can not correct any facts, and it has the worst results I have ever seen. I do not know who was a stupid idea to portray Warren Oates as John Delinger. First of all, it does not look like him. Second, by the time John Dillinger was killed, he was 31 years old. You can even find out that it is bigger than the real Dillinger once you look at it. He was not only old, but he was also Ben-Camilleen Borvis. <br /> <br /> They showed the death of Baby Face Nelson, Homer Van Meter, and John Dillinger. John Delinger was killed before each. Another of the three died was Pepe Viss Nelson. Not only writers do not know when they died, but they also do not know how they died. Baby Peace Nelson was not killed after he escaped from Little Bohemia in a dress. Homer van M is not killed by farmers with firearms. Homer Van was besieged by St. Paul's police and shot dead. Another member of the Dillinger gang, Harry Perpont appears by the police in this film. Perpunt was not shot. Harry Perpunt was arrested and sentenced to death on the electric chair. I go to what happened to Baby Face Nelson in the Baby Face Nelson review so I will not go back here again. Let me add that the portrayal of Richard Dreyfus by Philippe Vis Nelson is pathetic. There is a scene in which Dillinger attacks and is severely beaten. While Dillinger was beating him he was crying like a child and yelling, "Leave me alone!" Child Face Nelson and John Delinger have never fought. Dillinger may not have agreed to the methods of stealing Nelson, but they never fought. Nelson never cried like a little girl when he was beaten. They continued to contact him with the "face of the baby" Nelson. His life was not known by that name. Nelson's real name was Lester Gillis and changed his name to George Nelson. The black man who escaped from prison with Dillinger was Herbert Young Blood, but in this film he is known as Red Young Blood. John Meles knows nothing. Where did the hell get to John Milios? I'm likely to shoot a better movie. <br /> <br /> Finally, the way they showed John Delinger's death is outrageous and unjustifiable. The film features Dillinger coming out of his autobiography with The Lady in Red and his girlfriend Billie Frechette. By the way, Billy Frechette was not there that night. But a girl called Polly Hamilton was. Melvin Burvis screams, Johnny! Dillinger pulls his gun and blows in hell. It is a proven fact that Dillinger did not have a weapon that night. The FBI gave no chance of surrender and, as soon as it was on the horizon, detonated it away. They did not even have to shoot it. They were so close that powder burns were found on his face. It was murder. They also say that the man who was killed that night was not John Dillinger. After many civilians were killed in the Little Bohemian Incident, can you imagine that the FBI reported that it had just killed an unarmed, innocent, unarmed man? It was also proved that the gun they were offering and which was supposed to have been present in Dillinger was not manufactured until after the death of Dillinger. I could have gone ahead and the man who killed him was not John Delinger, but I will stop here. If you want to learn more, check it out here <br /> <br /> Check out Dillinger's copy with Lawrence Tierney if you want it, but do not waste your time with this inaccurate film from the Waste Movie.
