David McKenzie wants to follow the illustrious Adam Adam to be a highly recommended story about a single voyeur trying to face some sexual psychological problems with his dead mother. She wants to be bold, realistic and mysterious. At the same time, he wants to be funny and uncontrolled in his turbulent progress because he proves to be an adult. <br /> <br /> To this end, the film tries to be young. Her sticker contains handwritten letters that look like Juno. The original soundtrack consists of independent, fast-paced rock music that tries to convince the audience that Hallam is fine. Just a little misleading. But it is strange that the film is only young people. <br /> <br /> Like Adam, the main mystery of this film is about a sunken woman - in this case Halam's mother. Young Adam maintains his mysterious calm, meditation, and walks well enough to strike you with the facts as they come. Halam Fu does the opposite. She gives her personality so clearly and so early that he never does anything beyond his expected limits. The opening scene is Halam in his tree house watching his sister play with her boyfriend. Halam stopped quickly, confirming his presence at home. Here we see what Halam will do for the rest of the film. <br /> <br /> The mystery of his mother's sinking is whether his father's friendship is suicide or murder. The public can never trust it because, besides being creepy, we believe that his obsession has made him close to madness. This element has been obscure for me because Hallam is too intermittent to be reliable. Immediately when he found some evidence supporting his claim that he was running away from home, he initially seemed to be looking for police. Then recedes strongly by a girl like his mother, who leads the story disappointed away from the mystery element. <br /> <br /> While Jimmy Bell has some very fond features in his lost personality, he was limited by the clarity of his psychological needs. This film is not ambiguous in any way, but it is not. He tries to be realistic in dealing with such issues, but he adds a very conscious courage to register himself on the exact opposite. It is a trend in the direction of the soundtrack to help the audience at the root of the protagonist who collects buildings and choose the locks and camps for exploration. These Urban Tom Adventures in which Hallam is involved are extremely difficult on an inland boy to decree and participate in. It is not exciting, attractive or fun. They are more neutral than anything. Do not pay personal or story. McKinsey makes you understand Hallam, yet he fails to build a common ground. <br /> <br /> You are expected to enjoy Halam's experiences and tribulations without much ideological justification. The film depends on the audience's view on the gaze / type of person involved. Obviously, most people feel disgusted by it. Hallam Foe realizes this, but does not allow us to see Hallam weighing the ethics of his decisions. Go from person to person, trying to fill his deep void. There is a particularly disturbing group of Halam Kate's love interest where she says drunk "I love scary boys", maybe asking the public to do the same thing. The line tries to wake up to its understanding of it (its motive remains obscure all the time) and tries to strengthen us by judging it. It is not difficult to love Halam, but it is very difficult to participate in his adventure, even if it is an adventure at all. All the time, the film tries to use its mysterious soundtrack to hide its indecisive mood. <br /> <br /> Great performances are made through a film with poor third performance, muddy development and an ambiguous direction of Mackenzie. This movie was recently renamed to be released in the United States, for what reason? Not only is it more attractive, but the hard truth is that the personality of Halam never earns the title of "master".
