First, with names such as Fred Olen Ray, Brinke Stevens and Jan-Michael Vincent, as well as distributors like Rhino and Troma in the video box, you know what you're going to enter with that name. B Movie Mania! If you really expect to see a movie based on Edgar Allan Poe, go to the top of Roger Corman 60s Poe. This is the opposite, with absolute corruption (with just a pedestrian attempt in a plot similar to "The Premature Burial"), with a lot of violent sex classified as R-class and video-ready. However, it is certainly amusing and fun in some kind of shoes ... <br /> <br /> Brink (who has three nude scenes in the first 30 minutes) plays the role of a rich housewife and insomniac Victoria Monroe who fears being held Prematurely stems from her belief that the same fate has replaced her father (Hoke Howell). Her husband Terry (Jay Richardson) has made some serious gambling debts (due to gangs played by Robert Quarry) and with the help of his sexist sexist lira Lisa (Delia Sheppard) to get rid of Brink for her money. The actress of nominal value Karen Black wears a blonde wig for a short time as a hypnotist (she is so talented that she does not play an important role like this), and the science fiction star in the 1950s Robert Clarke acts as a doctor and family friend and shows Michael Berman to get a decent nightmare sequence performed on an autopsy Vicki still lives. Jan Michael Vincent sits mostly outside a house in his car and it hits goo-goo eyes as Brink walks in and out of the house. <br /> <br /> The murder plot between the couple and the inheritance was executed a million times before, the end was an unintentional laugh (with the conclusion of a direct cut of the Zuni Fetish Doll part of the TRILOGY OF TERROR) and anyone who created a stab Horrible head and headless FX for this version needs to sharpen a little skill. Brink does a decent job, which makes her character somewhat sympathetic, but the biggest surprise is how the former Beth Delia Sheppard's former penthouse is good in her role. I have stolen every scene in it and have easily made a distinct performance here.
