What about Damer's childhood? - The dual hernia operation, which is believed to have ignited his obsession with the inner workings of the human body? What about the "land of infinity"? - The game he invented as a child included the extermination of the sticks when they approached each other, suggesting that intimacy was the greatest danger. What about the relationship between his parents, and the emotional problems of his mother that were far more important than just his relationship with his father? His feelings of neglect when his brother was born? What about his fascination with insects and animals? How can he remove the dissection of the road and hang it in the forest behind his house, and what about the more focus on cannibalism? What about the divorce of his parents? These are all the things that should have been included in the film. Instead, the filmmaker chose to give us a quick "snapshot" of one or two nights in his life, combining it with a series of repetitive and sometimes irreversible scenes, to events that were not particularly relevant to our understanding of Dahir. <br /> <br /> Why did not the filmmaker explain how Dhamer was interested in people as things rather than people? He could have made that point several times, especially in scenes where his victims were trafficked while having sex with them (which had already taken place in a health club, not a night club). Instead, it appears to collide with them away from the back. <br /> <br /> While I appreciate that there is only a lot of information that you can cram into within 90 minutes (or whatever long), but why spend this big part of the film studying his relationship with Louis Bennett? (Known as Rodney in this film). My only guess is that the director was trying to build Bennett's character, to try to make us fear him or sympathize with him, but this is supposed to be about Jeffrey Damer, so why could not he spend that 45 minutes on something else? If the scene and their relationship were important enough to justify such a time was fair enough, but it was not. The scene in which Stephen Hicks, his first victim, was killed is a vital part of Jeffrey Dummer's story because it was the first murder, and because of the impact of murder on the rest of his life. Unfortunately, the film does not make clear that it was his first murder, or that he was not killed again for nine years. We assume, because his hair style is different, he wears glasses, that is the flashback, but how long? And why? <br /> <br /> What about the shrine he made in his living room near the end of his career? - One of the most important clues that we have towards understanding Dahmer and his motives .. <br /> <br /> Some people may find my need for accuracy in fact and the details somewhat anal, but after studying Jeffrey Damer deeply, it is easy to see that this film does not have Had little in common with the person he was and the crimes he committed. Why care about spending time making a film based on Jeffrey Dummer instead of addressing the real issues behind his going to the madness and massacres that followed? <br /> <br /> Finally, a film with a repellent theme must have a certificate of 18, not 15. We need to see its deviation more deeply, to understand how far apart it is from us. This does not mean showing exercises that already enter the head of Konerak Sinthasomphone for example, but at least an indication of the number of people killed, and what Modus Operandi was when he was actually killed. Anyone watching this movie who does not know the story of Dahmer might come away thinking that he just killed a few people. Seventeen men have already been killed. <br /> <br /> Regardless of the facts and the lack of depth, the film is not bad. There are some great cinematic works, and good performances of two main characters. I want to see this done again by a filmmaker who has more knowledge, more energy and a better reason to make the film in the first place.
