Skullduggery is a strange and strange film based on the novel "Ye Shall Know Them" by Vercors. Unleashing criticism in the film is really uncommon, because it is a film that deals with serious topics such as humanity, and defends straight ethical standards and tolerance. But despite her good intentions and her good faith tone, Skullduggery simply is not a very good film. For me, the main problem is a terribly disrupted novel that can not think of how best to communicate its message. The first half of the film is like watching a standard exploration trip to the forest from Tarzan. Later he swings into a science fiction fairy tale. By the end slips into the Melodramatic courtroom. The differences in tone between each section of the film are very large, too pessimistic, and can not be overlooked. They cling like a sharp thumb and constantly remind you that you are watching a disorganized and disorganized film. <br /> <br /> Adventurer Douglas Bumble Reynolds leads an archaeological expedition to the jungles of New Guinea. One of the main archaeologists involved in the trip is the world of the attractive lady Dr. Siebel Jeremy (Susan Clark). After an arduous journey they stumble upon a tribe of strange monkey-like creatures. These primitive people, long lost, are covered with hair and have survived for centuries without being affected or affected in any way by modern human developments. There is some evidence that they have early human ancestors ?? "The Missing Link" in monkey evolution to humans. Or perhaps a race of humans who simply act and behave differently than usual? Or even race animals that began to develop human characteristics? Tribal archaeologists call Tropey and are initially thrilled by the effects of their discovery. But things take a devastating turn when the bad opportunist Vancruysen (Paul Hubschmid) announces his intention to exploit the tribe and their poets on behalf of the developers. He wonders whether Tropi is really "humane" and takes his case to the courts, hoping to get legal support so that his greedy ambitions can continue. <br /> <br /> This was a very early film in Reynolds' professional life. In fact, this film is not balanced by acting as if it were in a comedy while the rest of the actors take it very seriously. Can not blame Reynolds? He has an impossible role, asked him to play a charming adventurer who really belongs to the Tarzan click. His character and film have nothing to do with each other. Clark's performance was much better than being a serious lady's archeologist, and there are supportive roles for British actors Edward Fox, Alexander Knox and Wilfried Hyde White. One of the main shortcomings of Skullduggery is the awkward and ineffective make-up used to give Tropi its strange appearance. Instead of making the actors appear to be homogeneous and believable, the suspenseful hair makes them seem unintentionally comic. This is not just the right idea. We are supposed to be very sympathetic to these creatures, but this is very difficult when it seems very unconvincing. Skullduggery is a failed attempt to tell a story that can be moving, philosophical and stimulating. The honorable intentions are there to be seen by all, but the end result does not bring justice to them. The failure is worth having but failure with it.
