While the general idea of ​​escaping from Atlantis was interesting, I found that the film was much less than I had hoped when reading the plot summary. The film has been produced, as it is now in 2002, as an official five years ago - after the presentation of fantasy dramas such as Lord of the Rings, and science fiction like Star Wars, as a whole, can not be compared to other similar films like Dinotopia or Homer's The Odyssey. <br /> <br /> My beef, basically, is that I can not call - I am about the same age of children (an adult) and I have no problem putting myself in the place of a middle-aged man if this is Personal available. But the picture did not take me to a different level of mindset. I did not find myself saying "ACK! I had done the same thing!" The doors did not open to my imagination, even without comparing them to high-budget films or other television films, and standing alone, there were certain aspects of the feature found to be trivial: Children are very fast because of my desire, where I have seen a lot of selfish thoughts about a teenager. The one-time image after divorce turns into a feeling that we are a very happy family, and we will never be separated again, which may eventually create or break a picture in the long run. The characters themselves may have been improved: a typical set of one a There was a timeless selfish beauty looking forward to being a rebel, accompanied by Mr. Perfect picture combining athletics, good form and intelligence so far with an enthusiastic attitude, and finally the little smart brother we see these days. With the story, I think adding more individuality as much as nuances and unique differences makes them more enjoyable - and believable (as far as personal) - film. - which made it worth finishing to the end for me. Do not make mistakes: all the films are worth watching for yourself, and one opinion can not explain the opinion of many, but I think that more depth to the text, and a little more (I can not believe I say this) reality dare say that the escape from Atlantis It could have been magical.
