The main problem in the documentary "The Czech Dream" is that he does not really say what he thinks he is saying. <br /> <br /> In boldness - I hesitate to use the word "inspired" - street theater film, Vit Klusak and Filip Remunda, two Czech film directors, produced a big corporate trick to serve as the basis for their film: They deliberately fabricated a fake Hypermarket (the equivalent of Costco in Eastern Europe or the Wal Mart Super Store), designed a full advertising campaign around it - full of billboards, a formal logo, a catchy song and pictures of counterfeit goods - The number of "steroids" that will appear until their creation on the opening day. They even built a temporary facade to convince people that the store itself was already there. <br /> <br /> One may ask, "Why does this thing?" Well, that's a very good question, but the answer from the directors is not all that satisfying. Basically, we were told that the purpose of this game is to show how easy it is to manipulate people to believe something - even something wrong - simply through the power of advertising. Filmmakers have a moral cover by claiming that the "real" purpose of acting is to convince the Czech people not to give up all the advertisements that encourage them to join the European Union. Fair enough - especially when one sees that actual advertisers who agree to go ahead are opposed to the immoral nature of lying to clients, while justifying their cooperation in deception by claiming that it is a form of "research" in what does not work in advertising. Somehow, by allowing themselves to stand on the camera while these comments are being made, these men and women are fools in filmmaking as much as the stunning poor who represent the main goal of the trick. <br /> <br /> But, in many ways, the sarcastic arrow does not contribute to the intended goal, but ironically it comes back to the minds of the filmmakers who launched it. Because they are themselves and not of good will and of course trust who finally came as unethical and classless people here, starting to make fools of very respectable people, some elderly and handicapped and forced to travel long distances to get to the place. And what is all this supposed to prove anyway? That people are "greedy" because they are going to open a new supermarket looking for bargains? Or are they stupid and naive because they do not doubt that there may not be an actual market despite the market announcement? This vigilance will require a level of ridicule that makes it practically impossible in the real world. <br /> <br /> No, I am afraid that this "trick" of little intelligence and little proves just what is complete and the absolute tremors of filmmakers to make some really cute people feel like idiots. Indeed, many of them, when they finally discover the trick that has been played on them, interact with generosity and a good sense of humor. I'm not sure I will be able to rally him if I find myself in their position. <br /> <br /> I'm not saying that the film does not control something - something like a big traffic accident at work - but when the dust finally settled, all the disappointed customers returned disappointed and behind their homes, we could safely declare that they were not them Who should feel ashamed.
