When I saw this movie, I heard all the hype, and I heard how people said that Denzel deserves the Oscars along with his Golden Globe, and I think he should have done a great job considering Kevin Spacey was excellent. I was wrong. I understand that people say that this does not anger the African-American community (if they are not African Americans themselves). I always hear complaints about how African Americans should never be nominated and how they should have won. Sometimes this is true (not very much at the moment) because Whoppi Goldberg had to win the Best Actress Award for The Color Purple and was supposed to win the best shot. The only reason to blow up this film the way it was is that people watch a film about the difficulties (* SEMI-SPOILER *) of an African American during a very racist time period and automatically call it a masterpiece. Denzel Washington is a wonderful actor, but his role in this film has not affected me at all. I was bored with him in the film, and his representation here was very similar to his role in Malcolm X but not good. The public is supposed to leave the belief that this man, Robin Carter, is a saint. People left the movies and they worshiped this man, this hero, and went out and bought his book, making this hero a rich man. <br /> <br /> * SPOILERS * This film tells the story of a man who spent most of his life in prison for crimes he did not commit. Of course the crimes he committed (mostly robbery) were only to survive, nothing more. People felt sorry for him, although drug dealers and thieves may have arrived largely for the same reasons but are seen in society. Everything in this film tries to depict this man as a saint (except for the apparent marital infidelity toward his wife and the aggression he showed on the other man when he met his wife) but why not do it after all? Point of view. I do not like movies (especially Hollywood interpretations) based on "real" stories because they usually distort the "real" parts to something else, something wrong. This was his view and his construction in Hollywood, yet everyone thinks it is the truth without a doubt. Well, I've looked at his past a bit before making any assumptions, and he was a very violent man. Not only that, there is still the possibility that he killed these people. If you do not believe me, look for it online, and read the articles that some people have. The boxing match claimed to have won so easily, won by his opponent Joey Giardello, and there are tapes to prove it. Besides, there are many twisted and intentional facts in this film. Supporting actors were the nicest people I've ever seen on earth, and their "nice and perfect" character seems difficult to follow. <br /> <br /> This film was a Hollywood version of a sad truth last story that is still left to say honestly. As an old Denzel, the support team positions Mickey Mouse annoying. The film also starts at a very slow and boring pace.
