I do not know why, but I thought I saw this movie before. Maybe the name, maybe it was the shape of the poster, I do not know. Anyway, it was very promising at first. And even throughout the whole feature there were some bright moments. Maybe because I'm not a big fan of horror, and I do not see it very much, but sometimes it looks wonderful. But what remains is not good. Funny sometimes. The movie is slow, sometimes you will feel bored, and you will forget what the story is about. The characters are not too great. All of them. The butcher is fine, looks creepy and crazy enough. Although I did not get what those weird things looked like on his chest (the whole scene seemed to be a liar and a kind of blue), why was he collecting those in the cans at home? The main is easy. His personality is really hard to believe in, and very underdeveloped. But I think this is a wrong scenario. Like why he cried when he picked up his girlfriend? The side cast is very bad. But the main thing he hated in this film is the girl. My God, when will women in horror films have any brains? It's ridiculous. The girl discovers that a maniac takes a camera of her friends, tries to go to the police, and fails, then thinks of the best idea at all. Why do not we go and take it! I know where live mania! Yeah! To swell! Then look for the camera in the bathroom! why not? Then I walk into the room, saw a bag that did not exist before, and just looked inside. Maybe the camera is there? There is not. But lots of interesting things. Bright. Your Email Address: The realization of this bag means that the butcher returned very hard to her very small brain. Then of course the never-ending trick of "falling during the run", which made it look bad. Then, to put the last nail in the character, at the end of the film, walk in the FULL cart with dead bodies hanging on her feet and scream "Noooo" as if she tore her Gucci bag and walk more inside the cart. .. Geez. Come on. No one thinks about it, well, stupid? Just awful. If her character is not too bad, the film might get another star or two stars from me. I will forgive even the MMT characters, who can be hit head-on with a steel hammer (this dude on the train killed by the connector), bullet-proof butcher jackets and weirdly cheap monsters (I did not read Clive Barkers' Monsters), the fact that no one cares that the hundreds (the judgment of skeletons in the fortified) have disappeared in the city, the main character that did not bleed from death when he broke his tongue (note he hardly noticed it). Oh, the expected end. Curse, you know half-way end, only disappointing. The only reason that still gives me some credit for the manufacturers is that the film in general looks better than most of the atrocities I've seen over the last few months. The visual style is beautiful, and there were some nice and nice shots of CGI that made the murders look really brutal. (Although the blood did not seem real at all), I think some people will enjoy it, some of them like me, they will watch it if there is nothing else to watch, others will hate it completely.
