I've heard a lot about this film, where people have been writing to me telling me I should see it, and I admire very bloody movies. I put my hand on it almost immediately, but something or other always prevents me from seeing it - so far. I was better off not remembering that I was dealing with him. <br /> <br /> This movie was terrible. The worst thing is that it could have been much better than it actually was. I know it was a story for Clive Parker and everything, and I had not read that story - but it seems to me that if you do not, you'll be as ignorant as I was completely disappointed. <br /> <br /> The movie starts well enough - the actors are convincing, the story interesting. The first bloody scene - a great way to attract your attention. I thought the blood looked a bit bad, but I saw it was the first scene I hoped it would improve later on. I was wrong. <br /> <br /> The blood and the effects are very shocking, it was an insult to my intelligence to expect that for example, anyone could knock someone's head off his shoulders using only a meat hammer. WTF? The blood of the CGI (did they use any "real" blood at all? My domestic work looks better than anything used in this film!), Incredible cracking (eyeballs explode from beatings at the back of the head; arms neatly cut - no one Remember the presence of bones all over our bodies ?!), very dark scenes (each scene either in strange yellow, or hidden in the shade) ... it gets worse. I found myself pointing fault after mistake. There is so much added to the fact that what could be and what should have been a fantastic sequel killer movie turns into a satanic / supernatural monster film / in the end ... no thank you! He should have been saved as a creeping man slaying people in the metro - well, with a conspiracy theory thrown in a high-spirited photographer. Maybe they kill people and sell meat through a meat factory? Reasonable, feasible ... and much better I think of the "real" story. It can and should be worked. Instead, "creatures are living at the end of the old tunnel and everyone knows about it but you, unless you read the book, well ... you will never understand" failure. Tragically, what a terrible thing to do for a film with this potential. If you love fake and mysterious blood, you will love it. But if you have half a brain in your head, you absolutely hate it. Stay away, away, away.
