I heard and read many of the things he praised about "The Midnight Meat Train," based on a short story written by Clive Barker and presumably adapted to his work since his original "Hellraiser", but so far I can only express very mixed feelings about My viewing experience. The most appropriate term to summarize the entire film in a fair word is: Nausea! The violence is sadistic and extreme, no doubt it attracts young fanatics fanatics fanatics, but it is also unjustified and exploitative. Usually, I am very supportive of violence but must serve at least some kind of purpose. Slaughter ?? Literally ?? He was filmed in "The Midnight Meat Train," and is exclusively dedicated to shock repelling and expelling viewers through weak neurological systems and stomach upset easily, and even this is not fully effective due to the use of digital computer effects. There are more shortcomings, some more than useless inequities, but perhaps I should focus on good elements first. The basic concept is certainly promising and multiple sequences (such as stalking in a freezer room, for example) literally vanish with organic suspense and horrific atmosphere. Unfortunately, the speed is very uneven, and the plot plot was unnecessarily brilliant. The short story is supposed to be handled in a long film scenario that is responsible for irregularities, but frankly I feel that they could do more with the cancellation as well as the character Finney Finney played. The plot is offered by Leon, an aspiring photographer in New York who advises his agent to look for the true face of the city through sinister images. After that, Leon becomes obsessed with the hunt for a butcher who is introverted and acts suspiciously, always waiting for the midnight train. Leon was right, as the butcher was an unrelenting serial killer who literally crushed his victims with a hammer, but the killer's motives and behavior suggested something more substantial than walking at night. The "Midnight Meat Train" takes place in unnaturally normal places such as nighttime underground stations and animal slaughterhouses. The film also benefits from good performances and a truck load of completely disturbing images (such as corpses on meat stalls and bloodstained train cars) But director Ryhehei Kitamura ("vs.", "Godzilla Final Wars") does not fully benefit from all of this. The end leaves a lot of questions unanswered, and even if Clive Parker meant to be like that, I still think we deserve a clearer conclusion. "Midnight Meat Train" is a fairly intriguing film and definitely a chaser, but not without default settings. It's not for viewers who are easily insulted, but people who are looking for cohesion and clarity may have to leave it alone.
