Is this the same as Kim Ki-duk, who produced a life-long testimony in "Spring, Summer, Autumn, Winter and Spring"? Nem Kim Ki-dook, who brought out the wonderful, almost silent, shocking "3 Iron" longing? NEVER KIM KI DOCK, who stunned us with the tragedy of the stunning Coast Guard and made us concerned about the ugliness of teenage prostitution before turning back to his patented natural message to allow all of us (both characters and viewers) to experience redemption in the Samaritan girl? I do not seem to find him in this film. <br /> <br /> Oh, sure, Kim's natural idea is still there. The entire film takes place on a lake surrounded by mountains and fishing buoys resting peacefully on the surface of calm waters. Yes, it's Kim Kee Duck, okay. Kim describes the film as "beautiful" in an interview with its own DVD features. But I'm not sure anymore what it means after watching this rotten presentation. <br /> <br /> What is beautiful about the angry prostitutes who suffer from potty, and the poetic, violent, mouth-wielding hunters, an ambitious silent trader. Torture of animals, the sequence of self-mutilation and the speed of nausea oscillating between the belligerent sectarianism and reckless brutality? These are the only elements of humanity that appear in this utterly confusing and ultimately meaningless film. If it is based on a story or intended to be a tale or intended to be symbolic of something larger, it is not familiar with the source material. It has been positively compared to Japanese director Takashi Miki's "Audition" (which Kim likes very much), but apart from some amazing performances, especially in view of what they should have done, by key actors Seo Jung and Kim Yoo Suk, I find A little reason to recommend this movie. I have not seen the "performance experience", but I doubt that it will change in any way my view of Al Jazeera. Its violence is pornographic and senseless. Her sex is not pornographic, but passionate and masochistic. The characters behave on the annoying impulse because there is no plot. Her purpose is either nonexistent or, I will admit, lost in the midst of the Korean cultural quandaries she has failed to understand. <br /> <br /> The only beauty is in the cinema, a classic Kim: slow misty boats across a tranquil lake and mountainous terrain dominating the background and creative and fun use of colors. Sometimes it seems as though viewers are locked up in Kim Kee Dok's large room. Some of the touches, such as the dumb dumb trader and the ingenious play of Young and the bizarre use of motorcycles, are interesting. But as a film, this effort is completely confusing and ultimately hurts the senses, not necessarily feelings. One hopes Kim will leave this kind of filmmaking in the garbage heap of his past, because we know he can do much more.
