The Mierling Declaration is a daily story about the late nineteenth-century royalists in Austria, a good declaration of the Republic as you may see at any given time. It happened during a continuing internal turmoil in Europe with regard to Emperor Franz Joseph (Mr. James Mason), his rebellious son, Crown Prince Rudolf (Mr. Omar Sharif), the Empress (Miss Ava Gardner) and many mistresses, secret police, spies, Dressed in uniforms, gypsies, dancers, wives, soldiers, swans, horses, horses and the exotic alien network of European ownership during the reign of the Austro-Hungarian Empire Franz Josef. The film is filmed in what used to be the old movie blockbuster "Color Riot" and is nothing more than the production of the expensive, intellectually challenging film The Prince Student. His European accent is multi-purpose when he remembers. I am very impressed with him and sincerely hope that the reward is equivalent to the hatred he clearly felt for the character he was playing. Mr. Omar Sherif, who built a career largely based on looking directly at the camera with his large brown eyes and intimate look, performs an astonishing performance like his son the crown prince. It is not entirely convincing as a man - in the film less definitely on the Austrian aristocratic side. With its butter-filled locks in place, it precedes and imposes a more unlikely costume than ever before. As a rebel talking about the talk, but he clearly fails to walk, leaving the lower button that has been undone on one of his jackets is within the limits of what is around the challenge. He is very married and falls in love with an ordinary person. "Blocked Love" is one of the upcoming films in the film. Catherine Dinov barely pays the envelope there. Mis-Mis Denov has a death profile for him and we see a lot of him, especially in the sequence specified in the ballet. Now I like ballet as much as I love the next man, but this sequence seems to be going on for a long time, and a more ironic critic might consider it a "filler". Rudolf's mother, the Empress played by Miss Ava Gardner. It gives the role of some old American players, making it somewhat like "Aunt Mammy," but in an undeniable way. Rudolph is very fond of his mother - I'll certainly put it more firmly than that. The only performance worth seeing is the performance of James Robertson Gorez as Sir Lancelot Sprat - sorry, Edward, Prince of Wales. He is wonderfully indifferent to everything around him, it is a pleasure to ask Rudolph. The immortal question "What is the time of bleeding?" I am not qualified to challenge the historical accuracy of Myerling, but, in my opinion, everything else around it is up. It's the opera Ruritanian Opera Buffa without melodies to send you home from the stage whistle.
