Although I knew some of the great admirers of Noam Chomsky, or think they were tired remnants of the sixties, I had no opinion of the man, but I knew he gained fame as a linguist, although I could not explain any of his theories , And that he was a liberal socialist with Marxist leanings. So I stumbled upon the DVD of the 2003 documentary Noom Chomsky: Rebel Without A Pause, in a used video store, a film he followed in the 2002 book tour of his 9-11 book, I decided to get it, so I just could have little knowledge About a man the next time a person, pro or con, talked about him. While I was happy because I got the film, my initial reaction was to this pale and poorly written hagiography, what is all this fuss about? <br /> <br /> For a man with many degrees, he was praised as "the most important thinker alive", according to the New York Times, according to the state of the DVDs, there certainly was not much, intellectually . I know I chew and stick to a discussion, and I do not even want to see what William F. can do. Buckley. Admittedly, the whole film was apparently about Chomsky seeing conspiracies everywhere, and having peeked at a puzzled gesture of the most terrible and terrible things he says, rather than being linguistically aware, so perhaps that is why It came out very badly. But, once again, if he is a linguist and a leader in his field, why does anyone in the world care about what he has to say about anything outside his field of expertise? Worse still, his supporters, who seem to be isolating the man from reality, by promoting illusions that Chomsky is the target of the Zionist killers. What I knew little about Chomsky before watching this film, that's what I knew a lot: was generally seen as it was and still is not intellectually unimportant since the fall of the Soviet empire. The film is very poorly organized, and without a narrative thread, it is difficult to separate the entire mixture. His wife, Carol, for example, apparently made one interview, which was cut and dropped anywhere in the film. A woman looks nice enough, but she goes out of her element entirely for anything but basic questions about their lives. The only interesting thing you say is that September 11th was a great thing for Chomskis, because he has reaped lots of money in talking fees ever since. <br /> <br /> It is not surprising that this type of film gives almost no biographical background. All viewers are supposed to know all the greetings of this great man. Chomsky is rarely interviewed. Stylistically, there are no camera movements, no interesting modifications, or any distinctive touches, and most of the film is a disjointed retreating from Chomsky, Chomsky's huzzahs announcing one or the other, and discordant and dodgy students looking at him as unimportant, This is when the nerdy students do not ask barely audible and ridiculously simple questions to him. This is a really bad film produced by director and editor Will Pascoe, who appears in the DVD filmmakers' statement that he is not the academic critic Chomsky criticizes. Other than that, one of the strongest signs that this is not an objective documentaries, but just an inflammatory program, and a piece of vanity, at the time, Chomsky did not appear struggling with the answer. It seems that the line of knowledge has no limits. <br /> <br /> Since much of this debris was filmed during Chomsky's lectures at McMaster University in Ontario, Canada, before the US invasion of Iraq in 2003, much of what Chomsky seems to say is far from Vietnam War . Yes, he has pointed to some good points, here and there, about the collusion of the American media before the war, but he follows it with sheer madness, because he does not seem to realize that most plots are dedicated, not fully planned. For example, the advertising industry claims that the gang is ruthlessly controlled by the population, but does not say a word about the zombie people who allow themselves to control it. Similarly, trilogy claims to run the world and people's fear of crime is another. Of course, this claim fully explains the crisis centers of rape, all of which waste time and offices consumed by district attorney's offices. He also claims absurdly that Cuba has been a victim of terrorism for decades, when Castro and his co-sponsors were, in Latin America, Asia and Africa, until the Soviet Union fell. I can only guess that fuzzy bodyguards are waiting for Chomsky only to announce that the gray aliens have set up breeding centers to mix the species in Idaho. <br /> <br /> In his simple world without ashes, Chomsky is as intimidating as the Bushco members, who insults, are; even more so because they do not claim to be intellectuals. In short, Chomsky is a man who lives in the past, in his head on most issues, and above his intellectual outlook. Near the end of this film, he warns, "Be careful when you hear about intellectuals as fighters for justice", yet one can only laugh, as it seems that the man never met a revolutionary and no idea he did not like him, no matter how His brutality. Their crimes, the anti-intellectual attitude. Please, pause before you waste your time and money on the ridiculous and really inappropriate DVD.
