DarkWolf tells the story of a young waitress named Josie (Samaire Armstrong) who lived a normal life until her friend Mary (Tippi Hedren) was murdered by Werewolf. Werewolves is already present in modern America and even there is a private organization within the police force Torley (Ryan Oluseo), who has a difficult task to tell Josie that she is actually a wolf herself and that the so-called "dark prince" of the wolf (Ken Hooder) wants to mate with her and create a new breed of bloody wolves that will take over the world, Or something like that. It is understood that Josie has a hard time believing it, so you see the guide with her eyes. It's up to Steve Werewoff to save Josie, today and the world ... <br /> <br /> The director and director Richard Friedman thought that DarkWolf was a very bad film with a low budget in a horror film for this digital camcorder did nothing really for Mine. The Jeffrey Allen Holiday scenario begins quite auspiciously in a striped club with lots of bare breasts at the show, and then there is a wolf attack leaving a person scattered everywhere, but after this decent opening sequence down the hill all the way I'm afraid. At first, the work is slow, boring, predictable, full of very annoying characters that come with lots of bad dialogue and do stupid things like when they have the chance to shoot the bereaved, I have no idea why they would rather stand there instead . The program is stupid and does not explain itself, so why did not Goose never turn into a werewolf before? Is it really the only one? Why can not this "dark prince" find another woman a werewolf? There are also a lot of other things that are just as stale as the old book which seems very important in the grip of his hand, but he completely forgets at the middle of the road but you get the idea anyway, as the whole film mounts with a very linear commensurate with predictable climatic confrontation Extremely irresistible and only the least appreciated. <br /> <br /> The director Friedman plays the film well with neon bright, but this indicates a new or original and does not really improve the film as a scene. Now let's talk about special effects or rather their absence because the effects in DarkWolf are far from being special. Werewolf's CGI transformation is one of the worst CGI I've ever seen. Playstation is seriously embarrassing on this graphics computer. It's easy to be the worst turn of the wolf I've ever seen. An American wolf was made in London (1981) more than 25 years ago, but it's the special effects that are just a year away from those seen in DarkWolf, Her special effects improved over the years? The effects of puppets are not much better either at least there is something myself on the screen. Not only is it a lot after the opening of the villain kills some bloodshed and lots of bodies but not much. There is quite a bit of female nudity if this is your thing but do not feel too excited because you still have to sit in a terrible movie to see it, is it really worth it? <br /> <br /> Technically DarkWolf is fine regardless of the worst CGI effect ever, it has been made at least well and seems to have production values. Acting is what you really expect. <br /> <br /> DarkWolf is another low-cost movie from the horror movies that flutter on the shelves of the video store and lead to the chaos of the tables of the mysterious cable TV stations. I did not think it was as bad as some, but it's like saying that going to a doctor The teeth are a bit more fun than going to the funeral, despite everything that has been said and done, both are still terrible ...
