It begins in Rome, where a special chief of priests who deal with ghosts and devils, brother Dominic (Francesco Carnoti), is found dead and taken to New York City where one of his orders, Alex Bernier (Heath Ledger), was contacted by Cardinal Driscoll (Peter Wheeler) Who is asked to investigate the mysterious circumstances surrounding Dominique's death. Together with his girlfriend Shannyn Sossamon and her colleague Thomas Garrett (Mark Addy) Alex, they travel to Italy to delve deeply into the death of his mentor, as the truth begins to show that Dominic was a "sinner" who absorbed the sins of others and lived with the burden of them so that they could Death was in peace and the church was not happy about its activities. Alex must do what is right even if it contradicts what he thinks ... <br /> <br /> Also known as the "Eater," this American-German joint production was written and directed by Helgeland & Do a lot for me if you are honest and I am usually honest.In any case, let's start with a script clutter that contains some good ideas, but can be overly predictable, boring and very tedious, and sometimes really silly, The whole concept is ridiculous & while he thinks it 's clever with it' s a neat twist that connects everything and brings the whole circle story It is the most obvious and lazy way to end things, there are the usual religious themes here, ethics, sin, tolerance, faith, faith, prophecy, blah, blah, blah, you know these kinds of things. Use of power by high-level clergy, corruption, greed, evil, etc. You know some kind of prominent Hollywood ideas and appearances that are reused every time you deal with a church. There is nothing new that can be dismissed, as a serious piece of filmmaking absorbs so much. I'm not too sure of who is in the order, as a fan of horror, I have not seen much horror at all, because it is a thriller less than a thriller, because it is a very predictable puzzle and there is nothing here to hold or show real interest and for some reason I can not tell IMDb, and the movie "Order" is a ridiculous action film as it's exciting and full of movement like the middle episode of Sesame Street (1969 so far), maybe it's tough, but that's what I think ... <br /> < > Helgeland does a good job, the film seems to have a very fine lighting scheme and everything looks dirty, gray and dull. For the horror film The Order is a severe light on horror or horror elements, in fact none of them except two evil children can turn into a herd of birds for no apparent reason, do not ask. Forget any gore or violence because there is nothing wrong, but that would at least help make it a little bit arranged. According to the "trivia" section of IMDb, the date of issuing the order has been reintroduced so that some special effects can be improved because they seem unintentionally funny, all I can say is the verdict through the final film that the effects were really bad to start because they are not as fantastic as it is right Now. <br /> <br /> I was surprised to see "Demand" have a budget of about $ 28,000,000 which is a hell of a lot of money and I can not see it as it is all separated from the groups and the production design that is good. The whole movie looks and feels very average and completely forgotten. The acting is fine Although a chubby, annoying person who seems like a kind of relief from the annoying comedy thrill, a good actor like Peter Wheeler deserves better than this. <br /> <br /> The Order, I prefer the title In fact, the eater does not mistake that it is very important, it misses all the intended goals of the proverbial as far as I am concerned, a very boring way to waste 100 odd minutes of your life , So do not do it! Not recommended.
