This unfortunate excuse for a film reminded me a lot of what I heard about "Gigli", which Ben and Jane failed earlier this summer. The order was so inexplicably clear that the viewer, rather than forming a cohesive film, seemed to be a series of separate sequences that offered little to redirect any form of unified conspiracy. Now, I'm a fan of Heath Ledger ("10 Things I Hate About You", "Knight's Tale" and especially his supporting role in "Monster's Ball"), but the man needs to find himself a better client. Continue to accept scripts like "The Order" and "Four Feathers" and it will be on the fast track to forget about the movie. <br /> <br /> Here are the problems you encountered with the movie. First, the manager tried to compensate for the shortcomings of his basic plot by offering two other plot lines that seem to have little to do with anything, well, much of anything. The strips of painting that involve an American attempt to control the Vatican and the dark Pope, although mildly interesting, did nothing to expose the viewer to the main characters. Attempts to tie these threads together were pathetic at best. Second, please do not insult the viewer's intelligence by inserting it into clearly binding film scenes. We made love, factory love, and the most stupid sex that looked like a page of "Matrix Reloaded" with techno-skulls. Instead of developing the character, these elements looked like cheap devices that were clear, an inexperienced attempt to put teenagers chewing on popcorn in the seats. Thirdly, and more importantly, this film seems to have an interesting concept. We have a scandal, we have a religion and we have supernatural powers to play. Why, then, do we learn almost nothing about anyone's background? We learn little about Alex, but he even abandons the passion of the priesthood to sleep with a woman two days later, a woman who tried to kill him while exorcising some evil spirits at some point in the past. Alex is the most sophisticated, if you can call it, personal in the entire film. <br /> <br /> While cliché is going on at the moment, if you're going to watch a movie this year, make sure it is not. There are about ten interesting minutes of the 101 minute unbearable case. The only thing that saved me was with a girl I was very fond of. <br /> <br /> 1 out of 10. I'm disappointed. Provide this file with too little power, but set it on editing and bad direction. Hey Heath, go back to the monster-like monster stuff. It really suits you.
