Even if this film a joke in response to critics, it is still a bad film. If one adheres to this kind of thing, at least, it is a good joke ..... First, Geron Crab is thinking that poor man Gerrard Depardieu ..... Of course, I hate Gerrard Depardieu although he was very funny. "Iron Mask" three knights. Otherwise, he's poison at the box office and Gerry Krabi is even worse. The box office of the poor man .... In fact this is not fair for the economically deprived. If the "fourth man" is supposed to be a kind of criticism of the bourgeoisie .... what do I say? not like that. Let's say by default, if it is supposed to be, it was not sharp enough. Spelling is a difficult thing .... if it is not sharp enough the viewer becomes butt jokes instead ...... I think that's what happened. The story just ends in a group of disgusting disgusting characters who do nothing that anyone cares about and not in an interesting way either ..... (For a more interesting and worthwhile application, watch any film Louis Bonwell .... very sharp Spelling) <br /> <br /> [A potential spoiler alert] <br /> <br /> Indeed, the task of the strike in the cemetery where the character of Jeroen Krabbé works is very difficult to achieve .... Do you care? is this funny? Since Mr. Verhoeven is supposed to be a filmmaker, I will give him the benefit of doubt and assume that some of the wrong jokes have gone out of control ... although I think he did not throw away Gervin Krabi because he was the worst actor and every character he played was a dirty bourgeois plot. ... but he is incompetent in that. So it becomes like a strange comics. Do you think Mr. Verhoeven did it on purpose? The Jeroen Krabbé is the butt of humor too? I just do not see it ... So you understand the dilemma I face here? It's the worst film ever because it's supposed to be a good way out. So there is a kind of dupery involved. I knew that "Patch Adams" was terrible even without seeing it. Do not be fooled by The Four Man in deceptive packaging or Mr. Furhoffen's reputation as a good manager.
