In the old days of the Catholic Church, the sinner of sins was the individual who, through ritual, would take the sins of a person to die for himself. Often, these people were parachutists or similar individuals who were not exempted by the Church and thus denied access to paradise. Those who took sin were seen as blasphemous, as they tended to monopolize redemption when they were saved. "The Order", which combines the anti-religious tyranny of Stigmata and X Files, and the sexual spirituality of "The Thorn Birds" into a strange quirk that works Sometimes. <br /> <br /> Alex (Heath Ledger) is considered a rogue priest, one of the last members of Carolineians, a semi-hierarchical figure of priests seeking knowledge. When Alex's teacher was found dead in strange circumstances, Bishop Driscoll (Peter Wheeler) sends Alex to investigate. The marks of distinction are Carolingian Thomas (Mark Ady) and Mara (Shnin Sussman), who underwent an expulsion from Alex a year ago. The three go to Rome to investigate a dark world of bizarre Catholic heresies, ominous prophecies, demonic insanity and the man who claims to be the last surviving eater (Pino Foreman). <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Brian Helgland (who worked with the same directors on the scattered and pulsating tale "Knight's Tale"), the film is strange, and difficult to classify. She wants to be several things at the same time - the supernatural excitement, the religious plot, the dramatic television pilot - and sometimes succeed only in any of them. This does not help the slow pace or the fact that most actors seem to walk in their performance with bursts of brilliance at times. Ledger, in particular, has a particularly spectacular scene of despair in monochromatic performance. However, Sussman offered the same uninterrupted performance she gave in all her films (especially in The Rules of Attraction). <br /> <br /> The plot plots itself back and forth between several different narrative arcs, leading you to wonder about the main element that each arc contains its share of red herring. There seem to be large loopholes in the narration that get lost between the scenes at times, which may be confusing for many, but this is also one of the graces saved in the film. The structure of the film - coupled with the fact that there is never really a clear discount until the end of the film - compels the viewer to analyze and reason at a time when most films are clearly clear about everything (except this is the historical background of the Carolingians and the practice of eating sin, ). Even at the beginning of the film, personal relationships and history are drawn rather than annotated. You can combine this with site shooting and judicious use of special effects, and you'll have a supernatural movie from the very old world, even with the opening credits that remind us of some of the late seventies / early eighties. <br /> <br /> I also briefly mention here the precise and organic result of David Torren, a combination of simple rhythm and lyricist style like Lisa Gerrard. A very beautiful degree is exciting for memories without being explosive and is found in a very deceptive simplicity. <br /> <br /> A confusing plot, lack of purpose, and sometimes some somersaults into a movie, but for some reason, "order" remains volatile. Many people will be turned off because of the movie because of their strange feelings, and some may be angry that they have to engage the higher brain functions to understand them. However, the lack of clarity in the film will prevent it from being successful or commercial until it becomes a DVD, which I am sure will be stored in copious quantities of deleted scenes. A movie recommended only for people who like to think while watching. 6 of 10.
