Among the potentially dangerous environmental costs of most mining operations is contamination of waterways, rivers and lakes with sediments and excess toxins. One of the most serious examples in the United States of America in the 19th century was the excessive deposition of rivers by the hydraulic mining of gold-bearing hills on both sides of the Sacramento Valley from the 1950s to the early 1880s. This process involved high-pressure water jet routing to the side of the hill, causing material to be washed down the slope, where gold could be separated from gravel and sediments. The sediments were then collected in a ditch or course and most found their way to the Sacramento River or its tributaries. Sediments that remained at the bottom of the river have increased the possibility of floods in agricultural fields and cities downstream, creating permanent marshes in some areas. Some sediments extend to agricultural fields, where they may cover a steady crop or cover more desirable soil or make plowing difficult. Thus, the conflicting interests of companies that used hydraulic mining and farmers in the final stages are negatively affected by these operations is the subject of this color film that was almost forgotten by Warner. <br /> <br /> First, we might wonder why Warner decided to shoot this film in a rather lousy Technicolor style, a very rare treat in 1938. A story about wheat farmers and gold miners seems to justify the costs and difficulties of color photography at this time . The answer seems to be the lost time of the film spent indoors, with its colorful clothes and colorful decorations. Then, we may ask why the colorless George Brent was chosen to be the leading man and final champion, to be associated with Olivia de Haviland. Among other things, this film really needs a leading man who is attractive to carry. Even the normally colored Gaby Hayes, in his small role, seemed unusually subdued. Unfortunately, I've been in front of the most dramatic final part of the film. The part I've seen for a long time has been to create a complex set of relationships among many people at the cost of filming the baron bar of selected wheat and possibly the nearby city and their attempts to deal with flood and sediment problems. It should be more like "good land", issued the previous year alone. It may have been just the case for an attractive, charismatic man like Errol Flynn. Finally, there is the issue of indirect address. Sure, Warner could have come up with an attractive or more appropriate title. "Gold or grain" is short and to the point. By the way, I understand that there is still a lot of gold in their "three hills", waiting for extraction by means other than hydraulic mining.
