The explosive Zeppelins that crumble on the base of Good Lou "Sky Captain" provided enough metaphor to describe how wonderful this film really is. First, let me immediately mention that I sincerely doubt that Paramount will recover any money from this film. This worship may turn into something, but only because it is remarkable for what it has failed to achieve. I can see the studio pitch now. "Let's combine German expressionism in 1920 and the running adventure of 1940 with a flick of modern work and the use of computer animation to control every scene! Wow, that would not be a success!" Skiked bludgeons viewer with pure surplus. There are lots of fake blasts, lots of scenes of unconvincing conflict, and few real moments where the characters are two-dimensional in a painful way. After all, why shock and horror with a single floating balloon when you can have three, five or a hundred?! Moreover, what could have been a pioneering film, easily combining images created by computer and human actors in an elegant and interesting environment, would instead become a bit of a flop because it failed to meet the most important requirements of any flick using CGI . Quite simply, the graphics are surprisingly bad. From the movement of cars to the physics of the plane in battles, everything seems to be fine. I'm not being picky here in any way. The baby may notice that the car does not slip along the road like a Maglev train (unless it is a Mercedes S500). And for those of you who raise your voices in protest, shouting, "This is an embellished film, it is not supposed to be like reality," let me say this. Lord of the Rings set the standard for integrating real-life actors with the CGI, and Starship Troopers set the standard for sci-fi movies. Rocketeer made a strong move to re-deliver a 1920s contract to a Hollywood movie portfolio. Tim Burton created a unique portrait of New York City / Gotham has not been repeated yet. Sky Captain lacks all these movies, and it's hard for me to mention them in the same sentence. In addition, representation is very bad, makes me feel positive disease. So there you have it. I spent $ 9 to watch this movie and get my rating. I hope that everyone will discourage you from committing the same mistake you have committed.
