When the hordes of robots start attacking the big cities, who will stop the madness behind the attacks? Sky Captain !!! Good-for-Joe plays Joe Sullivan, the Ace of Skies, and addresses the insurmountable odds alongside his annoying ex-girlfriend Paul Perkins (Gwyneth Paltrow) and former flight partner Captain Frankie Cook (Angelina Jolie). <br /> <br /> Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow may look like an exciting movie and feel really boring and disappointing. The duration of the film is 106 minutes, but it feels longer because there is no material in the film. The pictures were wonderful and the film did a great job of it. However, there is nothing to support these brilliant images. The film lacks a story and interesting characters making the thing boring while unnecessary. I blame director and writer Kerry Conran. It focuses heavily on images and takes a short time in the actual story. The film looks like a girl who has no personality, after a while becomes nice and tired. Sky Captain represents a beautiful girl with no personality. It is simply another state of elegance on substance. <br /> <br /> The representation is surprisingly average and this is not their fault really because they have very little to work with. My main reason for watching this film is Angelina Jolie. However, the ad is completely misleading and only exists in the film for 30 minutes. Its performance is surprisingly nice as well. Jude Law performs well even though you expect a lot from it. Gwyneth Paltrow was just average, nothing special at all. The performance of Ling Bei was the only one I really liked. She performs well as a mysterious woman and was the only interesting character in the entire film. <br /> <br /> The movie is not a full statue. There were some exciting "Wow" scenes. There was not enough of them. The film does not have this hook to make it unforgettable. It was actually very nice and it was not very attractive at all. It is very bad that the film was not very good because it had such a promising hypothesis. In the end, Sky Captain is amazingly mediocre and not really worth watching. Rating 4/10
