"Sky Captain" may be considered a tribute to comic books, blockbusters and movie series, but it contains little charm from some of the best of these types. One contributor says that the enjoyment of the film depends on whether the individual is familiar with the effects of the films or not. I do not think this is true at all. One's expectations for films, fiction, and serials by "Captain" were quite different. Especially for those who suffered from those entertainments when they were children. This film is devoid of the magic and magnetism of these people. Of course we know that customers will enter and get out of the scrapes but there must be some tension and drama. Towards the peak of Captain and Paltrow's law, have 10 minutes to prevent a disaster, and by the time they reach five minutes, do not run towards their goal. It takes a long time to take a long look and unnecessary conversation and meditate on the fallen enemy with a 30 seconds left for the tragedy. Of course one would expect some agreements to be included but a good director would have kept some sense of urgency. <br /> <br /> One does not expect that films like this necessarily are logical. You do not expect them to be happy and have a sense of inner logic. "Captain" has almost nothing. Remember when the Law and the Paltrow are followed by winged creatures and they reach the huge chasm that crosses through the log bridge? Well, how safe are they from those creatures when they reach the other side? They can fly !!! The same gap means nothing to them. Bridge is not necessary for them Where to escape? If the land through the gap is "forbidden" to the flying creatures, the film makes no effort to tell us how, why or even if. <br /> <br /> I know that Paltrow and Law (both gave good performances in the past) were playing "types" but both were very flat. Only Giovanni Ribesi (who showed himself able to make a big difference here) and Angelina Jolie seemed to have given any "attraction" to their roles although Omid Jalili seemed to have been able to deal with him a bit more if given only the chance. He did a good job anyway, considering how he was basically wasted. <br /> <br /> The film has a wonderful "appearance" but there are many ways in which CGI behaves. CGI works best when used for fantasy fiction, when it is used to create objects that are not in nature, spectacular, scientific, or magical. When it is used to replace natural sites it disappoints. There is no real sense of wonder. The CGI Mountain does not contain any luxury or sense of awe and predict that the real mountain does not. I know that the design of this film was well thought out and was not necessarily supposed to be real but should not feel that way? He did not. <br /> <br /> As for the weak and cliché scenario ... honor is not an excuse. However, if the film had some excitement and tension, it might be fun. The "Last Samurai" was as predictable as the days of the week and I'm not a fan of Tom Cruise but he had everything that did not pay attention to the "Captain" attracted his attention to his world and we accept his rules and his way of being in a way did not "Sky Captain" certainly. <br /> <br /> I would like to see a similar approach to films about the heroes of comic books in the 1930s and 1940s. (Gary Garrick) Flash or Green Lantern (Alan Scott) comes to mind as mature for such treatment. Perhaps the most famous and most well-known characters that these films would make for a better film. It will be hard to be worse.
