This film was a real torture festival to sit in. Its first mistake is to deal with nuclear power as something so obvious that it clearly does not need to convince the public. When she deviates to put in her argument, she makes the participants rudely submit facts that are barely supported; all that is missing is someone crying "when someone thinks of children!". While watching this movie, I kept thinking "Where did you hear that from?" Or "this can not be true" - but little information was supported by any reliable sources. "Ordinary people" in the film came across more like people who have any understanding of the advantages and disadvantages of nuclear power. To be fair, this may be the filmmakers' mistake, but equally, it is a condition shared by the rock stars in the film . <br /> <br /> For performers ... .. now some of these people are highly respected musicians and have enjoyed their music, and I'm sure some of them really believed in this issue. But they all came across the old hippies looking for something desperate to succeed after the 60s. Particularly embarrassing are Graham Nash and James Taylor. Nash seems to be trying hard - he seems to be unable to believe the things that are being told to him (not that I blame him), but he is desperate to feel noticed and inclusive. James Taylor is leading what should be the most exciting "anthem" ever, "Stand Up and Fight", by the worst way you can imagine. In fact, most offers are very nice when they are not sponsored. There does not seem to be any work for this event, as if it does not mean much to them at all. It should be noted that the driving force behind this entire event is John Hall, of the Orleans Band, and is responsible for some of the wimpiest MOR Pop of the 70s. (Remember, if you dare, "Dance With Me" and "Still the One.") This is a symbol of how the reason here has failed to inspire any real passion for music. The reason is supposed to be death or death, but everyone sleeps through their numbers as if they were playing Catskills. Except perhaps Gill Scott Heron - his protest number "We Lost Detroit Almost" revolves around at least a subject, but was extraordinarily delivered to a secondary student impressed by how "controversial" he is. <br /> <br /> Bruce Springsteen's performance only raises the pulse. I have never been a big fan of Boss, but he smokes perfectly, no doubt. Part of me is believed to have been recorded separately, in another event, and was edited in this film to awaken the audience. Compared to the general calm and atmosphere of complacency here, it is no wonder Bruce praised him as the savior of rock and roll. <br /> <br /> But even to his performance, he was stymied by the pictures of the gruesome concert. I do not expect much of the brilliant camera motion from the 1970's, but the shots are unnecessarily fixed and can only be split through the second-chapter breakers into the two tunes. Now, some may be this because the performers are lifeless to begin with. Perhaps filmmakers are more skilled in filming documentaries than in concert shots - but all you have to do is watch "Rust Never Sleeps" or "The Last Waltz" to see such a film being done more skillfully. And with the musicians more exciting. <br /> <br /> So, there are only two things to watch this film for: Springsteen's wonderful performance, and a sad look at the counter culture in retreat.
