This very weak Australian excuse for a moving picture is somewhat similar to Pavlov's dog-horror experience. Remember this famous "conditioned reaction" experience from your school books, right? The Russian scientist Pavlov proved that dogs tended to saliva before food reached their mouths, through repeated actions that stimulate animal reactions. Pavlov rotated the bell several times before delivering food to the dog. After a while, he became anxious and excited and began to swallow the bell. What does this hell share with this utterly boring interpretation with the flick of the struggling, low-budget Australian dollar, I hear you think? Well, the way a freak killer in "Nightmares" is the exact alternative to Pavlov's experience. Each sequence precedes the killing of one raw sound and the killer image breaking window, because he / she insists on using a sharp glass piece to dissect the victims. This means that after a short period of time, viewers who are not interested in boredom can simply overlook and search again when they hear the sound of broken glass. In this way still do not miss anything special! <br /> <br /> With regard to the quality of "nightmares" as a film, I can be very brief. This is cheap, uninspiring and largely unambiguous criticism of the contemporary popular trend of bright American films. In the early 1960s, a four-year-old saw a cruel death of her mother during a car accident. Twenty years later the same girl ?? Helen Celik? She is a successful playwright, but she still suffers from severe mental problems and regularly suffers from terrible memories of the past and nightmares. She tests her role in a black comedy play revolving around death and gets the role. Shortly after the grand premiere, all those involved in production are slaughtered remotely. It is truly backward how this film tries to support the mystery with regard to the identity and motives of the murderer, even if the most childish viewer can detect it after the first murder. I do not think I ever saw more clearly than "nightmares" and the creators had to only show their face immediately and save themselves from embarrassment. Murder is frank and very bloody There is also a large amount of unhealthy nudity of unjustified "to enjoy." However, the production values ​​are poor, so the film was never blunt or provocative. The few passages we see from the actual play make it possible to be the worst thing to do on stage. The only positive elements in the film are the characters of the gay filmmaker and critic, who make fun of the fun and insult the rest of the acting team as much as we do. "Nightmares" is a terrifying piece of exploitative horror cinema, but hey, at least I gave you golden advice to make it more exhaustive.
