A cheap and modest sequel to the successful "Mummy Hand", which is supposed to be Professor Andohib (George Zuko) is a dead evil and his predecessor Mimit Beck (Turhan Beck) is seeking to seek revenge from abroad to America using mummy Kharis (Lun Shani, Jr.) (A man can stunt the same reliable work that condenses and suffocates the victims) with the aim of killing the surviving members of the Panning family, who restored the patriarch Stephen (Dick Furan) and his assistant Pep Hansen (Wallace Ford) the body of Princess Ananka stuffed from her tomb in Egypt ..And this is considered a strange act of desecration and wants from the family a Suffer because of this terrible act towards ancient Egyptian customs. Bey and the mummy find a pleasant haven in a cemetery where the elder priest of Karnak can act as a disguise. Every moon will feed you a form of fluid derived from many of Tana's leaves that will not only keep him alive but be subject to the wishes of his master. (John Howard) is planning to marry Isobel (Ellis Knox), but he does not know that you secretly covet his fiancé and he plans to kill Stephen and his sister Jane (Marie Gordon), while it takes a long time for Pip to return to become a victim. To be abducted with the help of Kharis. John's life is in danger because of his father. He is also the last remaining member of the Banning line. If Bey has an Isobel, there will be no chance that more Bannings will be born. The police must find Kharis and the person in charge of his altar. <br /> <br /> This film is an extension of HAND, who was appointed years later as members of this film, Foran and Ford & Zucco, all appearing in the "aging" make-up that provides wrinkles that show the gaps in time where Andoheb It seems that John and Isobel's romantic love story is only in this conspiracy, so that he will dismantle his ideal plan that was successfully executed before he goes out. In addition to having a mummy able to kill people with one arm, is any mummy truly strong? The film also has tons of footage from the previous film to provide a budget for this film.There is not much of the story here and yes, as in the pictures of Monster Universal, even in America, it will light up a mob of people .. and it is a whisper .. gangs chasing Chrys. How will you end? John and the powerful powerful knight will swing in a huge palace with fire burning around them with evil evil that is engulfed in flames.
