Located in a post-apocalyptic environment, the cyborgs led by the warlord Jop restrain the human population. They basically keep them as cattle, needing new human blood to live. Nia and her brother managed to survive one of their attacks when they were a child. The years passed when they became face to face with the cyborgs again, but this time was saved by Gabriel cyborg, which was created to destroy all the cyborg. Job and his men are on their way to capture a densely populated city, while Nea (with revenge in mind) pleaded with Gabriel to train her to kill Cyborgs and take him to Gabriel. <br /> <br /> The Cyborg / post-apocalyptic low-rent invasion by writer / director Albert Pune (who made "Cyborg" before him and "Nemesis" the same violent year) is a large piece of misleading garbage with some interesting updates . A very small structure makes its way into the story of strings, as the text is weak, tacky and exaggerated. Light joke tries to be brilliant, but he stinks a lot and happens to be a comedian at an unintended moment. Most actions occur meaningless and routine. The article could have used another polishing, because it was an inspirational idea swallowed up by lazy insertions, the absence of narration and the tone of almost jokey. The open-ended conclusion is very abrupt, especially since there is an unfinished conclusion. "It's time for the pack, we're going to end up on another day (or maybe another contract), there's no rush." However, it has found that it has turned somewhat, thanks in large part to its fast pace, some well-executed battles and the portrayal of George Moradian's slide which captured the stunningly stunning backdrop. The presentations are fair. Chris Christoferson's dry and solid character is like Gabriel and Cathy Long, self-assured and psychologically capable of brilliance and aggression. However her acting very wooden. Lance Henriksen presents the malignant wonderful performance of Pure Pork, as a sinister cyborg leader Job who always suffers from a saliva breakdown. Scott Bolin also shows a lot of joy, as one of the Saeburgians and Gary Daniels are surprised as one. Pyun offers some exciting pieces of art, including some exhilarating activities and a slow, free movement. Seeps into the background as a result of incendiary, but records mechanical music. Special effects and makeup FX stands fine. This water can be seen, but not a great success, it also represents minimal restrictions.
