I caught this thing one night on the cable channel a few minutes after the credits expired, so I did not know who did it at first. Whenever I see that, the more you start to think, "Jesus, this looks like a flick of Albert Pune." It was not sure, for two main reasons: the photography was very good (and the Utah desert scene was beautiful), and Scott Bowlin gave a joyous presentation like Simon, Cyborg the Killer, but in style and humor. Pauline must have designed many of the individual lines he launched, because Albert Pune did not write anything funny or coherent in his career. Unfortunately, Paulin did not have all the screen time before his departure, and the film is the worst for him. Lance Henriksen, who plays the evil head of cyborg, is calm on his way, as he has done in countless other films like this. I do not know what the hell Chris Christopherson is doing in this thing; maybe he wanted to see what the Utah Desert looks like and get money for it. He is going through a movie that looks like (Spar) just like he just woke up, and in fact spends most of the last half of the film on his back in a tent. Kathy Long, the nominal hero, has a great, attractive body, has a great body, fights very well, has a great body, and has no atom of acting talent, but that does not matter in a film like this. It's Albert Pyun, it's full of brands that we all know and love: the mysterious and eloquent dialogue, the intermittent editing, the impression that they lost a reel in the middle of the picture and painted it, "Oh, no one will ever notice it." <br /> <br /> Of the bad film, it remained above most of the other Pyun efforts - this is the "citizen citizen" compared to his mental acumen "Adrenaline: I feel the rush", for example, fights are well, if repeated (after knocking eight or nine One by one, you find yourself saying, "Well, really, go to something else"), and Lone is very athletic (as already noted Malas It is not a good film in any form of fiction, but it is nowhere near as inconsistent and incompetent as the usual magnificence of Bion. You can do worse than renting this movie - not much worse, awarded, but Yet worse.
