I'm a fan of Spike Lee. It takes time to get to Mojo, but once you see the clear message and the ability to tell the story close to his heart, Lee becomes a genius. Unlike 25 or Bamboozled (two of my favorite movies), there was no clear story in this film. I managed to understand the conflict between Washington and choose to play well or be influenced by others, but for some strange reason I could not get the real feeling out. Washington did a decent job of handing over to him, but you can say that this was not my favorite film. Not only did he direct this film, but he also wrote it. You could say. The work of the camera was terrible and the writing contributed only to the erosion of the film. This film was coming in full and was not beautiful. I was not behind this 100% film because it was working with "Do the Right Thing". Of all the films she saw directly to me, this film was the brightest and most modest in his films. It was as if he had made a Hollywood film instead of a movie he owned. I do not know if he has seen the money from "doing the right thing" and running with him or what ?? But this film did not show his true talent. <br /> <br /> For anyone who has seen this movie, and may have stopped watching anything Spike Lee subsequently produced because of this movie, I suggest you give it a second chance. Do not get me wrong, I see exactly where you came from with this movie and why you want to put this behind you, but I grow up. His work becomes more of his work, and you can see the shift from wanting to make money to wanting only to produce good movies. It took me some time to watch at twenty-five, but when I did, it was just a shine. Maybe the actors, maybe the story, but I have a wonderful film from a man's journey to the unknown. I think this is what I hope will turn him into the "best blues music". This really dark journey into the life of a man never grew up, but instead all I got was Denzel being Denzel. He is really one of the most diverse actors in this generation, and I consider him a Sydney Poitiers for cinema, but this was not the film that displays his talent. <br /> <br /> Another issue I encountered with this movie was using Spike's sister to play one of the love interests. I do not know about you and your family, but I do not think I could have had a sexual scene with my sister. I do not care who the actor is or how much money I charge, I will never do that. It's just something I never wanted to see, but it seems to be different from Spike. He went on and showed the full picture of his naked sister without any remorse. It was sad and made me even blush. Also, I need someone to answer this. What was Flavor Flav doing? So, I'm sitting on the couch, I get ready to start the film, when there is a sudden sound of the past explains the studio that made this film, then admits himself. This did not build for a strong remnant of the story. Again, I felt that I was going to get the money in this film instead of the actual talent. Perhaps this is how he managed to bear the cost of both Denzel and Wesley in the same film without any explosions. <br /> <br /> There were two great scenes in this film made it worth watching to the end. Do not get me wrong, this was a very bad film, but there is always a mas in every corridor. The scene was when Bleek inadvertently forgets any woman with him mesmerizing. He went constantly back and forth, weaving the truth into confusion in a way that proved to me that he was behind the camera. It was a wonderful sight that might be lost in dribbling because of the rest of the poor scenes. The other scene that was worth watching was the way the film was made and ended. By maintaining the same direction and direction, he managed to bring this tragic personality around a full circle and give him the opportunity to change his life. Unlike these two moments, the rest of the film was pure nonsense, and it is worth seeing only if you are about to become blind. <br /> <br /> Class: ** Of *****
