There are two groups of people ... those who love every movie Fellini see it as ordinary people. Although I will admit that I really enjoyed some of his films, I can honestly say that I can not afford some of his films. My opinion, by the way, is not just an undesirable reaction - I've watched most of Fellini's films and also seen many films by the world's most famous directors. With that in mind, I feel that the most exaggerated and annoying managers can be both Godard and Fellini. They were both strange and often unacceptable, but they received many awards from reviewers and "intellectuals", while the average person would never sit in some of his films. Heck, even a person who loves international cinema is usually excluded in the cold when seeing some of these films. So, since only a small group is actually watching her films, and she is indeed ready to see the directors as geniuses, it is not surprising that their films are often praised - it's like a cult! If you do not believe me, think of many Goddard movies like FIRST NAME CARMEN or ALPHAVILLE, ... or what about FELLINI SATYRICON or JULIET OF THE SPIRITS? These films are full of boredom, strangeness and misunderstanding. Now I'm not saying that the film can not be strange (after all I love the happiness in Catakories and Shaolin Sucker), but it must be a spectacle! <br /> <br /> Now on this movie. In a way, Fellini succeeded in preparing a story about a compulsive man who was completely bored and unafraid. This is not a small task - it took a lot of work to make this unacceptable. Instead of cheap sexual excitement, sex works are designed in a ridiculous and disturbing way while Casanova is buried under so many prostheses and prostheses that Donald Sutherland is like a gol. I know that some of this should have been Fellini's intention, but many viewers will be totally bored by this sterilized performance - especially since the Sutherland lines are well dubbed into Italian, so it does not look and does not look like itself! Unfortunately, when the film is not concluded in these boring sexual festivals, there is really nothing else to watch. <br /> <br /> An interesting observation about the first sexual conquest that appears in this drab film is that the actress is surprisingly similar to a smaller version of Fellini's wife, Giulietta Massina. Taking into account that, in addition, in the past decades, Fellini had play characters from Massina like a prostitute and a woman who was horribly abused, it seems that he really disliked his wife and that he was acting on screen. I read a little about them and their relationship with the storm seems to be so. This is the only aspect of this strange film that I found interesting at all. Do not say I did not warn you!
