Things are often boring in this fictional fairy tale of jazz written and directed by Spike Lee. <br /> <br /> Bleek Gilliam (Denzell Washington) is a jazz musician who happens to be faced with a pentagon that fills him with five stars of the underdog. His problems include an incompetent manager, a Sachs playboy and two friends playing with a musical score. The true love of his life is the trumpet and his music. The manager of the band, Giant, faces a serious gambling problem and proves that he is an ineffective negotiator with greedy club owners and will be best isolated but Blake remains loyal as long as possible. This will prove to be an artist's decline, but he is ironically contributing to his growth as a man. <br /> <br /> As a religion, Denzel Washington is just as wrong as the ambitious trumpet player with a babe on each arm. He is so gentle that he does not focus on his art, gives patience and loves those close to him with a low main dimension. It simply lacks fire. Wesley Snipes, who plays sax player Henderson, is more suited to this role, but even he will have to make a mockery of the wrong accounts in my flattened conversation. As a giant, Li achieved great success with an ugly performance to match his writing and directing. Trying loosely to reflect the rude but sympathetic Rizo Ratsu, Joe adopts the labyrinth and even the moment "I'm walking here" from Midnight Cowboy. In this case, she wishes that the taxi will leave him and end it. <br /> <br /> Lee's text is a lukewarm argument, a heavy prostitute and a veiled insult with some of the clumsy editorials I need to inject to stay down. The scenes between the band members in the scenes and the rehearsals lack spark and can only be overcome in a gloom through the talks of Bleek, Giant, which has a form of softness and advertising in circles. The completion of this luxury is my visual style Buzzer. Missing tracking of shots, pinging and pans is of no importance to the viewer. They only wander. <br /> <br /> Blues are a message of love to jazz (which has become a part of the souvenir-filled mountains of all groups), all of which are the catch of passion that lacks emotion and vitality. Jazz is best presented on the film through the "Round Midnight" by Tavernier and East Bird's "Bird", which appears beneath the surface, revealing more aspects of the model, the pain behind it, as well as endless presentations by Forrest Whitaker The real deal is Dexter Gordon. This Spike Lee Joint does not offer even light tones. It's some very bad local.
