An aggravated sexual assault with some unpleasant picadillas, including the improper use of the broom, is carried out against more than half or more of the most popular high school players in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, by a "moderately backward" student Heather Matazo). The investigation and case construction is delivered to DA's office, where Ally Sheedy and Eric Stoltz are appointed to power. <br /> <br /> Rumors circulate about the case through Glen Ridge, a suburb of the upper middle class where the band players love everyone in the community. (One of their parents is a police lieutenant). No one believes Mataratzo. "Our children will not take such a slut to the basement, rape her and subject her to this sexual insult." The question is whether Chedy and Stoltz are able to form a case convincing enough that they can bring the players to the trial. Matarazzo is not the ideal plaintiff. It is desperate for love and friendship, and this makes it easy for Fu's friends to mislead her to make false statements. "You can trust me," says Groue, but it turns out the reporter can not be trusted at all. Another student, a very popular girl in school, attracts Linda Tripp to Matarazu, pretending to be her bold friend but constantly asking her key questions about the incident - and recording the results! As a result, watching this story unfolds like being on a roller coaster. At first, it looks good to Shady and Stoltz. But then, excuse me, society is organized against the law. Then it looks good again. But then the reporter intervenes. This obstacle was not overcome as soon as possible, as Linda Tripp poked her big nose into the investigation and made tapes indicating that Matarazzo was lying. (Well, in fact, she was lying - but she was lying to her investigator in order to please her.) Then she was overcome, but Matarazzo objected to taking the position because she did not want to be described as "backward". Eric Stoltz is fine by the prosecutor. I say that for the simple reason that I lived in Pago Pago at about the same time. (I hope he is not the child who had a fight with him at the Seaside Club Bar, if so, retrieve my greetings.) Allie Chedy is a strange and difficult actress. She did a great job of restraint in the Fine Arts, but I did not feel any particular effort being placed in this role, which was the opposite anyway. I mean neither she nor Stoltz nor anyone else can perform a brave performance in a comic book story basically. <br /> <br /> Producers and directors had a good feeling of choosing Heather Matarazu as the victim. The worst thing they can do is throw a nice blond. Instead, Matarazzo, without being ugly at all, seems fairly clear and compliments this regular quality with its makeup and makeup. The book did not make her sad and nice. She has a temperament and sometimes irritating to listen to him, which is good for good. <br /> <br /> The character of Matarazzo is the best in the film. CD players and stereotypes. Pure evil. They think over the law, play a party in some of the nice girls in East Orange, and throw the place during a much worse party than the La Dolce Vita, and leave without any explanation or apology. They deserve to get it in the neck - and they do it. <br /> <br /> I referred to this as a comic book story and that's what it is pretty much. It does not challenge any of our prejudices. It reaffirms the belief that the world can be divided into good and evil. And we have no doubt for a moment about who is who. What I'm waiting for - not really, it's just a speech - is a movie that looks exactly like this movie and dozens of other films, but the victim lies in order to get her name and image in the newspapers and earn everything. These empathy chips of right-thinking people like the rest of us. <br /> <br /> The film is based on a true story, like many others we've all seen, and even more imaginative features. (For example, "the accused"). Some are good, some are routine. Okay. Just enough. Now, when we can see a movie about the case of Tawana Brawley, the old girl disappears in a whim for a few days, then her friends scrap her and tie and tarnish them so you can claim she was kidnapped and raped by the police? Now this will be challenging in some way not simply.
