Despite the seriousness of the subject and perhaps the filmmakers' goodwill in producing a film about white supremacy, the contradictions in his main character, Brunson Green, the ambitious actor in New York, easily turned into L.A. phony, makes it difficult to take the story seriously. Greene, who has been repeatedly rejected by Los Angeles customers because they are out of date (New York also when the 1980s are looking for a big, blonde, and dumb), finds success coming easily when he wants to surrender to falsify his image. Unfortunately, the new hair color and the quiet attitude of "Surfer" give him the opportunity to act with the Church of Jericho, which supports the teachings of white supremacy of the Aryan nation. Greene is ready to easily forget his past, especially to turn his back on his young black friend ten years ago, to be the new spokesman for the church. This makes no sense, as we see how initial our character is at first. It is this sudden and vast change in character, in addition to a sudden return to the dionic-crazed model (as a taxi driver) capable of fighting the bad guys. There is a noble attempt by film directors, but in the end it is an attempt to reveal itself as something dangerous. <br /> <br /> Other characters, too, are very disturbing and make us realize that it comes very easily - the mental paranoia of the church leader, his very interested actress girlfriend (his first girlfriend Brunson when in Los Angeles), and his new blonde girlfriend who lacks her personality To a lot of sophistication, they are, mostly, just a walk, talking vacuum. We are supposed to see them only in fleeting moments where a random thing forces us to make assumptions about characters. But there is little development in any of them. <br /> <br /> The other problem in this film is how much unwanted time people participate in a very important work. Much of the beginning concerns the introduction of characters, and we clearly see Brunson's difficulties in breaking into the Los Angeles scene and the frustrations of continuing rejection. But after he has changed his appearance and personality willingly to be acceptable, there are at least twenty minutes to thirty minutes of lost films where very little is happening. <br /> <br /> For films that seek to draw attention to the irrational fears of racism, this has not been done with sufficient credibility.
