This is one of the worst films I have seen this year. You should not watch this movie, but if you insist on wasting your time, you have to stop here, there are some saboteurs. Gray Mathers focuses on Gray and Sam Baldwin (Heather Graham and Tom Cavanagh). Only Gray and Sam are brother and sister. Who live together in the eyes of everyone as a man and a wife. No sex but just about everything else. Early on, the film begins with its theme: "The most absurd thing in the most ridiculous times, I guessed it was more ridiculous." Gray and Sam decided to check the zoo with a fake lottery. Instead, push her brother to get thinner on the first woman he sees him, and do so and ask bold questions as well. When she refers to her brother to come, they start with a triple history. Charlie (Bridget Moynahan) is the girl of her dreams, like all the right things etc? Final Sam hits Gray over the head and ends the couple's appointment with a marriage proposal! That Charlie accepts! In one week, Charlie and Gray will be Sam in Vegas. The next week, Charlie and Gray stop the wedding dresses (Charlie seems to have a great personality). Gray drowns an ice-cream latte when Charlie suggests that Gray is trying to wear some gowns and choose a $ 10,000 dress. As Charlie pressed her in the "pay at home" suit, Gray continued to flinch at Latte (I swore she was a feed bag). What should happen but 'woops! Latte all over the gown. He never explained how they left the Bloomingdale Salon for brides through a $ 10,000 Moka dress. Back to Reality '?? Caesar Palace Las Vegas. They have a "high roller chamber" (Sam Resident Surgeon and Charlie Trainee World?) Have they got all that money?) Gray expels Sam to the single room down the hall so she and Charlie can get a bachelor's degree. They accept. Gray remembers everything. Charlie remembers Nada. They arrived at the wedding chapel and right when the pastor arrives at his line "if anyone here has any objection at all to the union of these two communities" Gray gets hiccups. Gray apologizes for herself, and for some reason, the pastor must repeat his last line and line up again in the "hiccup" queue. Gray returns to New York and starts dating any man she meets, literally. And of course one is thinking about it again! Gay. The other is a jerk and the third is a taxi driver (Alan Cummings) named Gordy. He is fond of gray but the feelings are gone. They become great friends. This is good because it becomes clean with Sam around the kiss. Blow out and drive them out of their apartment. When Sam comes to his senses he goes to her office. Gray works in an advertising agency. This office is a slap in the middle of the twilight zone. It has cameras and microphones in all conference rooms that are broadcast on all computer screens in the agency. Sam gets Gray in a conference room for a private conversation and ends up in the whole office. This is where I doubt there was a gay or lesbian man on the crew: Jordi comes to her rescue and convinces her to go to the lesbian bar. "Sorry there are no men," says the guard. So Gray and Gordy return with Gordy in the clouds. Bad drag. He was wearing a black sleeveless blouse resembling a satin, a string of pearls, and a hat of a grandmother's church. The lesbian can not confuse this "man in dress" as a queen of clouds much less than a woman. The bar was also a straight guy's fantasy about what a lesbian bar was: full of Victorian Secret models. Everything turned out to be peachy? Go home with her company client. Gray happens to be at the expense of the woman and finally does more than then kiss. For some reason, no one tells Charlie anything she is oblivious to through the full movie of this kiss with Gray, but this is a sequel.
