Sam (Thomas Cavanna) and Gray (Heather Graham) are two sincere brothers who share an apartment and love a lot of things - dancing in the dance floor, the music of a 1940s movie and, to their surprise, an attractive woman named Charlie (Bridget Moynahan). Historically, Gray was confused by her new feelings. <br /> <br /> Gray Matters has proved to be one of the most watched movies ever. It's boring, predictable, deceptive, badly behaved and poorly written. Nothing about it, everything was cheese. Also, this is not really a romantic comedy with a special twist but more of a movie "out". Sue Kramer tried to make the first half pleasant with romantic things and the second half was serious with actual acceptance and exit. Unfortunately, it failed miserably. The first half was largely wrong and only Graham Heather was able to lift it up a bit. Then, the film took an embarrassing tone and got serious. Serious scenes were dealt with badly, and all feelings felt false. <br /> <br /> I think I would enjoy the film a bit more if the relationships between characters are more realistic. The brother-sister relationship was very weak and did not seem very close. Their relationship just did not feel very normal. Also, I felt the relationship between Tom and Bridget was very unnatural. If two people will get married after they have known each other for less than a week, you will expect to see a bit more excitement, but the characters who talked about getting married in Vegas are the same way the waiter asks for special offers. There was a lack of excitement in the film and it was difficult to subscribe to the film with unenthusiastic characters. <br /> <br /> Acting was often weak and somewhat surprising given the decent cast. Heather Graham gave the only good performance in the film. She was funny and had some charming scenes but it was very bad that all her fellow participants were in complete daze. Bridget Moynahan was very weak and her performance was false at every level. Also, it seems she was reading her lines. Thomas Kavanagh was very wooden and showed almost no feelings. The chemistry between Thomas and Heather was non-existent and damaged the film because their relationship felt false. I usually rely on Molly Shannon to be funny in a supportive role but here was just annoying. Sese Speek had about two sights and was annoying in both of them. Finally, Alan Cumming had an embarrassing character and his performance was not good. Overall, Gray Mitters is a lame film and not worth watching. Rating 3/10
