I had to get out of this movie fifteen minutes after the end ... after I passed from the stage of traffic to pure boredom. What really terrified me, I mean, really annoyed me, is that there are people who refer to this leadership aimlessly as "exhilarating" or "you should see." I will feel deeply distressed for those who suffer even if it is not for the obvious impression that most of the positive comments about this shallow image that no soul has written by industrial factories. <br /> <br /> The truth is that this lame movie does nothing for entertainment or enlightenment. It is undoubtedly wrong, poorly written and has all the speed and energy of cold canned rice pudding. To be kind to Mrs. Kramer, the best he could say was that it was a missed opportunity, because I read the summary before I saw it, I was expecting something more difficult. The potential misinterpretations of close brothers and sisters, the unexpected awakening of "sister" sexuality, and the comical potential of such sibling rivalry are obvious themes for exploring a refreshing comedian, at every turn the film avoids its frustration. <br /> <br /> Instead, the audience is exposed to a zigzag series of unambiguously drawn-out situations, with cliché descriptions and tedious performances from a team struggling for faith and clearly in need of a tighter direction. The lack of steering control seems astounding; on the one hand, Moynahan, Kavanagh and Spicek offer very pedestrian displays, while Heather Graham and Molly Shannon - the latter in particular - tend to resort to sometimes embarrassing embarrassment. One could blame this director - Sue Kramer might be hoping that if her actors acted excessively, they would make a bigger laugh. But then again, the cast is a veteran. One expects to do better. <br /> <br /> Soo Kramer really needs to think carefully about the kind of movies you want to produce, and who you want. Given the potential problems that Gray Mathers suggests, and because of her inability or unwillingness to explore them entirely in the context of comedy, she may have to think about writing dramas instead. I know it's never easy to make films about women and women's issues, especially when one hopes to reach a wider audience of women on their own, but whatever direction she takes, unimaginative characters such as Gray will not reduce mustard.
