When watching a silly movie like "Hot Rod", one must sit back and relax, changing the intellectual ability of the person to a similar situation? It is, in this case, a case that has diminished enough to carry the mindless leadership group that was somehow mistaken in comedy. With a short 88-minute runtime, this movie was long and buried under a pack of repeated jokes? The jokes that came from the minority were not funny in the first place. The basic material for 'Hot Rod' is as superficial and inappropriate as it was in cult 2004 'Napoleon Dynamite', despite being more crowded and comes without any laughter. In fact, the blatant desperation of the film compared to Napoleon Dynamite is disdainful and humiliating, leaving me rather than being confused. <br /> <br /> The film, if forced to communicate enough in this case, is a trivial story in front of the self-declared striker Rod Kimble, with the aim of trivial jumping on fifteen buses (one more than his idol jumped Evel Knifell , So tell us Rod) and collect $ 50,000 wife heart impending life-saving process. All this so that he can fight his mother's husband, once he recovered, and gain his respect? Because in order to gain respect for the individual, one must first fight it. Hey? whatever. Every character is no more interesting than Sharp Rod sticks, and from the joke of the opening film to its funny end, every scene played like a senseless and terribly superstitious play? That, with the addition of an additional 85 minutes, is essentially what Hot Rod is striving to be. <br /> <br /> The star of the film, Andy Samberg, made an effort on the screen that was made every week by drip his comic abilities. Unfortunately ?? Instead, realistically? His cheerful talents are no longer more impressive than a five-year-old novel that tells a weary joke that somehow includes the vile rear and the pee caps. If that's disappointing, pull out the chair and hide your face in your hands and prepare yourself for a real hit: it's the hilarious movie! To save them from spoiling them, I will willingly neglect the roles of Samberg from the participating stars and leave the second third of Lonely Island team, director Akiva Shafer, to his talent that does not exist as a director? Or comedian. Essentially, everything one can do to further codify the comedy track of the crash is being filmed here completely; and he did it arrogantly, as if the movie would be more entertaining in this way. Deceive yourself to believe that there is even one laugh in this heap, or treat yourself with another film? No other film.
