This film can not decide whether his message is "evil and bad people, sweet and free of blame" or "do not go to the water again." A hunter (Nolan) comes out of the killer whales, which is very bad, but when you come across (you happen to remember) you hit a pregnant cow instead of her companion, the cow - and I use the word by all standards - which is obviously a psychotic bitch and a wicked ecclesiastical piece The same against the fans are trying to chew themselves into bits in the heaviest and ugliest part not to mention an ineffective way to kill themselves. (I doubt it was her first.) When her unborn baby aborts her own self-inflicted wounds, her mind moves to revenge and divides to hurt, kill and maim every human being as much as he speaks to Nolan. It is clear, as is the case among human beings, that the psychologists of history commit a breath of the same characters. <br /> <br /> The film explores an understandable anti-human message: "Poor poor whale! Evil men must suffer and die!" So far, Nolan's demeanor has never worked. It is true that when he identified his motives selfishly and harshly, but in the first creak of the first whale grows heart, and with the progress of the film, grows more and more sympathetic to the whale's pain so it seems that he will walk on the ice and give himself to whale, just to make him feel a little better. <br /> <br /> The last trip to the movies, followed by Nolan the Whale on a strange journey to the north, reminds me of Melville's exotic relationship with the man, and for a moment in a really interesting conclusion, where these two couples may communicate, understanding even respect for each other in their grief , Because Nolan lost his wife and child who was not yet born because of an accident. Nolan clearly respects the whale and feels its loss. However, it does not go there. The whale character has no sympathy or respect for anyone. <br /> <br /> The last scene loses this focus and becomes like a jaws, where the monster of the sea finally kills everyone and Nolan is sure to be supervised, and fails to see the whale (which he nodded shortly before). I love animals, I hate whaling, and most of all I love the Orcs, but if the goal of this film is to make me feel like a whale was the victim and that people are evil and disgusting, they have completely failed. Nolan shows empathy and growth, feels the others, and all that the whale thinks is murder and mutilation. <br /> <br /> The only message you can get out of is "If you see the Orc whale, anytime and anywhere, run in the other direction, if you press FIN in the wrong way, it will chase you to the ends of the earth and destroy everything around you. "
