Much has been mentioned that Orca? The killer whale is the jaws rupture. This is not really true, although the tremendous commercial success of the jaws made this man no doubt. Monster stories are more attractive proposals for filmmakers in the second half of the 1970s. Orca ?? Killer Whale can be described as a modern renovation of the Moby Dick. It's a story about obsession. On the one hand, the hunter hunts for whale mania to kill the whale before he can kill more lives. Unfortunately, Orca-Killer Whale shows a very disappointing film, and its interesting ideas have been driven to some extent by stunning performances and unplanned conspiracy. <br /> <br /> Nolan Sharks (Richard Harris) encounters a researcher in marine life Rachel Bedford (Charlotte) rowing) diving off the Atlantic coast of Canada. Their meeting ends in near disaster when the team of Rachel is attacked by the Big White Shark, but Keller whale arrives in time to stop the shark. After that, Nolan became increasingly obsessed with picking up a killer whale and selling it in the aquarium. But his plans are counterproductive when he accidentally kills a pregnant woman of this kind while the man looks horrified. Rachel Nolan told that the killer whale is an incredibly intelligent mammal with strong memory and feelings like humans. Worse still, Amelak (Will Sampson) the mother warns him that the whale will always remember his grief and do his best to avenge. Nolan initially tries to forget the entire unfortunate incident, but the whale causes chaos in his fishing town and disgruntled local residents begin demanding Nolan enter the sea to hunt down and destroy it. In the end Nolan was forced to follow the killer whale? The chase leads down to the abandoned ice shelves of the Arctic Ocean, where the man and beast are fighting their final deadly battle against each other. <br /> <br /> Two things stand out in this film. One of them is the painful result of Enio Moriconi (perhaps the greatest cinematic composer of all time, losing his talents to various tenth-class music lovers during the 1970s and 1980s). The other is the stunning widescreen photography of Ted Moore, which makes the movie eye pleasing constantly. In every other department, Orca? Killer Whale is a lousy film that does nothing to enhance the reputation of its talented crew and talented crew. Harris looks very sick all over the film and his hair is stained with black rings around his eyes and deadly blisters. His performance lacks the usual vitality. Rampling encounters many exciting situations but fails to convince her of her long-term and unconscious interpretations of whale ways. The rest of the actors are lost in short and undeveloped roles, most notably seeing Bo Derek get her leg from the vengeful whale. This plot is a complete nonsense from start to finish, useless serials such as the whale, who deliberately ignites the fire in the fishing village that sweeps the local refinery and destroy it! Although it is reasonable to assume that whales are intelligent beings with real emotions, the idea that a whale can plan and take revenge against a single human enemy is calculated as absurd. Orca ?? Killer Whale is really a complementary man. Monster cycle of the late 70s. Most of them will come out of the movie shaking their heads with disbelief and grinding their teeth in despair.
