Orca begins when Irish sea captain Nolan (Richard Harris) and his crew attempt to capture a white shark shark so they can sell for big bucks, unfortunately when the unfortunate marine biologist named Kane (Robert Karadin) is attacked, the shark is killed on The hand of a killer whale, and this raises Nolan's interest in the killer whale and decides that he wants to catch one of them instead. However, as he tries to do this, a pregnant woman is caught and injured to the point of aborting her unborn baby on the deck, causing chaos and angering her colleague, ordering Nolan to throw the whale into the sea, which happens. The male killer whale is disturbed to say less and kill a Nolan crew before they reach the drylands of Newfoundland in Canada, once there there is a whale-killer whale series of attacks on the city and it's trying to lure Nolan back to the sea to fight the battle to ... < br /> <br /> Directed by Michael Anderson I thought that this rude rupture was terrible, I'm sorry but I thought it was just ridiculous and completely boring even in 90 minutes of modest and strange. The product script Luciano Vincenzoni & Sergio Donati is very stupid, I've been lost because of the words, the fact that he seems to take himself seriously, does not help, and if you have to listen to Charlotte Rampling, he follows the intelligence of Killer Whale once I'll scream. I'm sorry but I simply do not think the killer whale is smart enough to know who a specific boat belongs to and drown it, I do not think a killer whale can cause a huge explosion including hitting an oil lantern from a wall on the other side, A way on earth can know that there was, do not think the killer whale can identify someone's home, find out there is someone there, then deliberately destroy it, do not think the killer whale can move the icebergs in order to book a boat, You can physically identify people and do not think they have any instincts for revenge or at least nothing as strong This stupid movie. I might be a bit harsh, I mean, it's a film after all, but it's a film that tries to be serious and so ironic that I expected Keller Will to write a letter to Nolan to tell him his plan and the hand (or should be a fin?) Enough to do anything else. They should have asked him to treat colds! Seriously, this statement is no longer elusive than anything else in this film. I found the film very boring and boring and I had a horrible personality without being on the screen at all. Needless to say, this is a jugular rupture (1975) that does not even come close to the classic Spielberg film. <br /> <br /> Anderson certainly is not Spielberg anymore, this mysterious film has absolutely no suspense, fear, tension or atmosphere at all. All scenes of the attack are as dim as sewage and can be completely forgotten, and there is almost nothing appreciative and does not pay off either because Orca does not get one person. Then the scenes that made me laugh literally, the killer whale scenes that seem to cry are pure comedy and the opening scenes of a couple of killer whales who are suspected of trying to show them as a "loving" and "interested" couple but I could not help but I think this It is the closest we will get to the Whale Killer porn, the hilarious stuff. The Killer Whales shots themselves are poor and boring, instead of the shots that match and reinforce the surrounding scenes, look like sad documentary footage of wildlife that has nothing to do with anything else. Do you have the impression that I do not like this movie? Hassan. Forget about any death or death, too. There is a short scene when Bo Derek stabs her legs, but she shines and shouts. <br /> <br /> Maybe this has a big budget and still sucks, there's nothing wonderful about Orca, it's well done and I suppose it's flat and nice and can be completely forgotten. The cinema is very nice though. The acting is bad, the Rampling is horrendous, and the belated Irish dialect of Harris Harris is embarrassing. <br /> <br /> Orca is a lame jumble that ignores or spoils everything that makes Spielberg a very good film, one for bad film lovers everywhere. Definitely not recommended though it is not quite as bad as Jaws: The Revenge (1987).
