I watched this movie on the Holmark Channel recently. In my opinion, the film began to fit enough, but in the end tension. <br /> <br /> Story: An American soldier in Afghanistan receives one of the Christmas cards sent by a woman to the United States for Christmas troops. He was inspired by the Christmas card so much that he felt that it had given him a glimmer of hope and happiness in his life, a motivation to continue. When granted leave, go to the town where the woman lives. He encounters a brave young woman and finally discovers that she is the one who sent the Christmas card. After the rescue of her father (a veteran of the Vietnam War) from a collision with a car as she crossed the street, the family decided to take him for a while. We learn that he has no family at home. The soldier agrees to help the family during the Christmas season by working with them at a logging company. The family comes to love him and vice versa. The soldier becomes in love with the daughter of the family - the woman who sent the Christmas card. There is only one problem. She already has a serious relationship with a man she loves. It is also a long-term relationship. The friend is completely different from the soldier. He prefers wine and trips to France because of hard work and wonderful outdoor air. Women prefer the latter. In the rest of the film is a "love triangle" where a friend returns to the city to visit this season. It seems that everyone in the family wants to be the daughter with the soldier and that the mother basically wants what is best for her daughter. ** (SPOILER ALERT) ** Women come to the soldier more and more, as they have a lot in common. It happens to them to spend a lot of time together. She gradually becomes attracted to his personality. Then one day he accepts it and she accepts it. Now I'm confused! She loves her boyfriend and wants to marry him one day, but she becomes fond of the soldier. Soon after, the friend (who does not know about the kiss, but protects the woman strongly and thinks the soldier is trying to move on) decides to propose and accept the woman. His plans for their marriage, however, are not the plans you want. She wants to be at home, have children and be close to her family. He wants to travel around the world, go to strange places, and if they have children he wants to take them with them. This does not seem very exciting for women. However, the soldier feels bad about what he has done and does not want to make matters worse. So, he decided to leave town, despite urging his father to stay with his daughter. Everything comes to a climax when, at Christmas Eve service with the church, we discovered that the soldier had not left yet. The friend and the woman talk to each other outside, basically knocking, and basically decide to let her go and break with her. The film ends with the meeting of the woman and the soldier. <br /> <br /> Things I love: I love the soldier in most parts of the film. He has a strong sense of well-being for others; there are moments when the family goes with the church and participates in charity issues; the family clings to her hands and prays in the evening meal on the table; the father and mother have a long and clear health marriage; the soldier tries to do the right thing In the post position he did something very wrong <br /> <br /> Things I do not like: There is a typical "love triangle" story in this film; the soldier turns sour and moves slowly and skillfully in the woman and then accepts her in the end when she has her boyfriend ; Most members of the family praise this behavior in practice - the family is in line with the Church But there are some bad languages. <br /> <br /> Conclusion: I was disappointed with the film, and the situation worsened. I ended up quickly redirecting the end of the film because I had enough. So, the film began to decent with some gem moments, but ended up sabotaging himself. Therefore, I do not recommend this movie to anyone.
