The FBI STORY (1959) Warner Bros. was a 149 minute epic tribute to the famous criminal investigation agency! From a book written by Don Whitehead, a rather difficult scenario came to Richard L. Smith. Greene and John Twist, did not draw a little taste by Leroy Mervin. However, it was characterized by a wonderful cinematic shot of color by Joseph Bruck and a useful degree by the music magician at Max Steiner Studio! <br /> <br /> The film depicts the history of the office from its humble beginnings in the 1920s to modern times. All seen through the memories of hardyous aging client Chip Hardesty (James Stewart) and he connects his investigative experiences - in the flashback - to a class of emerging young clients. But everything is so long and ends by chance! As she progresses, she begins to look like a small television series instead of a big movie production. Hardesty runs a series of American crimes against unknown criminal figures such as Baby Face, Nelson, Ma Barker, Dillinger, etc. From egregious organizations such as Ku Klux Klan, Nazi spy rings and the Red Threat. And here it must be said that only the presence of the screen and the attractiveness of its star, perhaps the story of the FBI will end with a forgotten disaster. Moreover, this is another problem in the picture - Stuart is left to carry the whole movie almost alone! With the exception of Vera Miles - who plays a proud role for being long suffering but devoted to his wife - he is surrounded by a group of young players! You'll find yourself half expecting someone like Robert Ryan or Jack Palance or even Raymond Bauer to have a welcome entrance as a guard, a police chief or whatever. But there is nothing like fantasy as ever happens! Pity! <br /> <br /> However, the film can not take a good look at the work of the office! With Stuart's story, we get to know the thousands of men and women who work for the organization, which includes hundreds of clients in this area. We also take a peek inside the headquarters of the giant records section and get a glimpse of chemists and fingerprint experts who do their daily tasks accurately. <br /> <br /> In addition to the other movie Max is Steiner's brilliant score! Listening to the headlines is a powerful, exciting and decisive process. But very ingenious is the subject of a threatening and disastrous march to the Ku Klux Klan sequence. Better yet is Latin rhythmic Latin music written by the composer of South American scenes, especially the sensational Vandango, like the orchestras of the arrival of federal troops on horseback. The FBI STORY was one of five scores written by the composer in 1959, which included Samuel Bronston's epic "John Paul Jones", the charming com-mash "Cash McCall", the "The Hangings Tree" and the "Summer Place" Which was derived from the theme of Young Love - which was supposed to become a key tone for Steiner, known as the "Theme From A Summer Place." <br /> <br /> The FBI story is just a bunch of passageways, thanks to the brilliant Biroc, Steiner's music and of course Jimmy Stewart who makes anything famous! <br /> <br /> Classic but unbelievable line of FBI story ............. As nice Nick Adams (who just blew up an airplane on board A 43 people, including his mother) is his handcuffed resorted to the killer officer and erase: "If you receive any mail, you can send it to the Canyon City prison next month or so - then you can send it to hell." Fantastic!
