This is a great movie - especially for film buffs and historians (I'm alike). During the first half of the twentieth century, unfortunately, black Americans were not allowed to enter white theaters. As a result, theaters that cater to the needs of black audiences wanted to show films that reflect the experience of Black and show representatives from Black. In many cases, the films were very similar to Hollywood's standard pay, but with a much lower budget - and the production values ​​are usually horrendous. You can not really hit filmmakers - they do not have the money and resources available to a regular film company. As a result, they had to make much less of their entitlements - including over-dependence on stock players seen over and over again, no money to re-shoot the scenes and the need to make movies fast! This film tried hard to be a black version of Gene Autry - starring Herb Jeffries instead. Jeffries was a light-skinned man of mixed origin and starred in many similar cowboy films. In each, sing a little, fight a bit (although it is very bad) and love little - all you need in cowboys. Believe it or not, Jeffries is still alive at the age of 96 years. <br /> <br /> The overall plot was indistinguishable from Autry's image - complete with obsolete elements like phones outside the West! The problem is that despite the similarities, the budget is low-oscillating. Stymie (from Li'l Rascals) bent a few lines, but they just left it. The scenes of the fighting were not entirely designed and were among the worst in the film. There were some individual plot holes, no background music (the film was strangely quiet ) The acting was fantastic. <br /> <br /> Now this does not mean that the film is not worth watching - it is spread with technical problems that prevent it from getting a higher score. One reviewer, oddly enough, recorded this movie 10! How can this be with all problems is beyond me. However, I can understand someone who likes the film despite its many problems. The plot is generally good, the characters are lovely, the music numbers are excellent and you know that the people who make the film have tried very hard and it is a very important part of American history. But 10!? <br /> <br /> By the way, in a strange case of casting, Jeffries is tall, lean, and has a barely white complexion with a short, short and unusual Mantigan Morian mantle ... as his brother !! Also, Spencer Williams may be familiar to you. He played Andy on television "Amos' Andy".
