Although there are some excerpts in this four-part documentary that point to the need to reform the recreational drug law, these extracts have not been well developed, unlike many excerpts from those who feel that drugs that are currently occurring illegally are scourge Which is the only conceivable solution is to imprison even those guilty until even possession of such drugs. <br /> <br /> Although this program as a whole leaves the viewer with the impression that the drug war is largely useless and wasteful, and therefore deserves some praise, there is almost nothing in this documentary that addresses the very real problems that Caused by the all-out war against those who only have, and contribute to, illicit drugs - are very real problems, most of which, if asked to do so, drug traffickers will tell you that the drug war is designed to solve. For example, while several minutes of escalating violence associated with the high popularity of crack cocaine in the 1980s, the program did not mention that the laws themselves designed to crack cocaine crackers make it impossible for drug sellers to enforce their contracts and labor arrangements in courts, forcing them To resort to violence to stay at work. But instead of considering laws as an important cause of violence, the drugs themselves seem to bear the brunt of the blame. It is unreasonable that the prohibition of alcohol and subsequent violence and the subsequent reversal of the ban are ignored entirely by this program. <br /> <br /> This program will help perpetuate silly stereotypes of drug abusers, and this is the main force in leading the expensive and very expensive drug war. The possibility of integrating non-alcohol drugs into a happy and successful life has not really been addressed. The use of any excess medication is likely to cause personal problems, but not all users add excessive drug addiction, just as if not all alcohol users were alcoholics. <br /> <br /> If you want a view from someone who believes that adults have a moral right not to be imprisoned and to destroy their lives through the criminal justice system simply because they use drugs that the government has decided, for mostly arbitrary political reasons rather than grounds based on A sound social policy and forensic science, for the total ban, whose users decided not to launch a mock war against them, just forget it. None of this exists here. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, this is hardly in the category of anti-drug propaganda. It is mostly an interesting history that has been shown neutrally in the United States in the 20th century such as marijuana, LSD, heroin, cocaine, MDMA, and Oxycontin. However, there is an important element for the views of different persons regarding drug laws, most (but not all) of which are not very well thought out or well informed and tend to favor the mindset of drug traffickers, especially with regard to drugs other than marijuana. <br /> <br /> Clearly, the criminal justice system, along with its cruel punishments that often destroy life, is not the only solution or the most appropriate solution to every single social problem, but unfortunately, there is an epidemic in this nation that has not He is identified after, and his main symptoms are the lack of imagination regarding social policy when it comes to some medicines, the lack of sympathy for our fellow human beings, bias against people who use drugs that are not approved by the government, and perhaps a special interest in the growth of the prison industry / police , And the terrible indifference to human dignity. It is morally wrong to kidnap people or imprison them unless you have a good reason to do so, and it is obvious that merely possessing a selection of drugs arbitrarily is not such a reason. This is really a fundamental problem when it comes to drugs, but this program ignores them. <br /> <br /> So, in short, the parts of this program that present history neutrally without feeding the stereotypes of drug users at the heart of the drug war mentality are good, interesting and entertaining. But when it comes to providing a rational, non-radical view of drug policy, giving the viewer examples not only for people with drug problems but also for many people who have successfully integrated drugs into a happy and successful life, it is very frustrating.
