Madonna has tried for years to prove not only herself, but the public eye, she can act. Unfortunately, trying hard during the failure to get rid of her personality does not mix well. <br /> <br /> It seems to be better off when you are not a movie star: if you're watching it in support of presentations look for the right face. Susan (1985) or her own university (1992), she actually looks pretty. Since the story revolves around other actors, the weight of expectation takes away its shoulders by default. <br /> <br /> The problem begins when asked to be a movie star, regardless of genre. Being the focus of a plot that needs to be told in a visible way, be it good, medium or awful, it must mimic similar ways to perform a real movie instead of performing the video. This is the crucial difference between Madonna, let's say, Beth Davis, or Meryl Streep. The last two, even if the film failed (because the storytelling was lacking in some effectiveness in making us relate to it, or because the script was short, or because the actress herself was not at the moment), there would be something extra in their performance that would raise the film Of being a complete bomb. Both Davis and Streep had their share: Bette, with a career longer than Streep, in fare like BUNNY O'HARE (1971) and WICKED STEPMOTHER (1989); Streep in SHE-DEVIL (1989). But at least there was that nature in the way they attacked their roles that made us forget the triviality of the film and watch the performance. <br /> <br /> Madonna, on the other hand, is not a particularly gifted actress able to really let go of her ability to convey a character other than herself, the situation is much worse, even in the hands of someone like Woody Allen in SHADOWS AND FOG ( 1992), a poor classic story that, at the time of its appearance on the screen, seems somewhat harsh, perhaps tense, as if it were familiar with cameras and crew and could not leave it. <br /> <br /> So here again try to prove that she can act in what is essentially a two-person film. Guy Ritchie, better known for male-dominated motion pictures, seems to be telling a story closer to someone like Michelangelo Antonioni or Ingmar Bergman, who can tell two people with unbelievable ease. In 89 minutes, events happen in an unconvincing way. When the last half hour comes and the story turns into a dramatic turn, you do not feel honest. From being an absolute witch without replacement values ​​to sudden love, this most convincing role must have been 180 degrees since Laura Faye Donaway suddenly discovered her passion for Tommy Lee Jones in EYES of LAURA MARS (1978). Equally unsettling is Adriano Giannini's bad turn in the middle of the film - he lacks any humor and feels a real psychopath - and when he gives in to Madonna's love, it's hard to believe. The portrayal of this in slow music and a visual montage of love and beautiful scenes does not enhance or add to this "transformation" of what could have been a story of survival between characters not liking to a love story where they discover each other. <br /> <br /> Trying to get an unsatisfactory ending works against the film as well - it only leads to drawing and rhythm. When Madonna has to be filmed moving from hope to destruction in a close shot, she feels like she is trying hard. Many women have done much better in conveying much than they do. Her salary is more suited to the forms of representation in the late twenties, beginning of the thirties, where positions are compensated as part or emotion. <br /> <br /> Was the film better? Of course, of course. There are countless ways to portray it in a way that will make the viewer feel that these people at least hope to see each other again - done before, in OVERBOARD (1987), for example. It could have been an endeavor in which two very different people must rely on each other but not necessarily change (to ensure an ethical tone). It was possible to spare a lot of unnecessary dialogues and scenes to get the appearance of a more "silent" film - as in Persona (1966). It could have been something exciting, provided that Giannini's character had a series as consecutive as Billy Zan did in DEAD CALM (1989). Even if this was done as a sexual masquerade, it would have been better for Madonna to have the best obsessed performance of controlling uber. But through a labyrinth of humor, without at least a glimpse of her own character has a softer side hiding behind the mask of bitchdom, and without defining the character of Giannini, this becomes another complication trying to look like a gender battle.
