I have seen this almost in a real movie theater (theater art, no less!) But I could not get there during the entire week of the game, but yesterday I saw him finally on the cable and ... well .. I was not disappointed, that's for sure! Madonna did it again: yet another bomb! When will this woman learn? When will the studios learn? (Or perhaps already have, because this film has been thrown to a large extent, with little fuss and talk verbal killer.) One hopes that is directed by her husband, the talented, who created some interesting and / or terrifying terribly business, with the same The quality shown by Madonna in the "Desperate Pursuit of Susan"; unfortunately, is not just meant to be, because here, at its worst: uniquely convinced of its own greatness, and the vanity that permeates every frame in it, making it intolerable because of its false British dialect That only emphasizes the fact that her voice speaks immature in quality and not particularly pleasant. This may seem harsh unnecessarily, but listen to women, looking at her films about, for example, in the past decade: such as Betty Davis in the last day, there is the fragility of the unmistakable not only to move, but on her face and her body, which here, Despite the warm photography that was shown throughout the film (perhaps the only saving grace), I did nothing. At its discretion, the whole thing has been misunderstood to the point that one wonders if the greatest actress in the world in the best day it can do anything in this mess. No one escapes any harm: Bruce Greenwood looks painful reality on the screen, although Jane poor Thriplhorn seems they carry themselves as if they are actually in a good thing, which made me think about all the time, "denial is not just a river in Egypt! "Adriano Giannini, the son of Giancarlo Giannini, the Italian origin star" Swept Away ... ", like his father before, is very attractive, not quite bad (despite winning Razzie's nomination for" worst actor "), but, like everything Almost another about this production, everything goes back to Madonna, whose shoulders are blamed. Why are they? Why not her husband, director Guy Ritchie? Just who do you think was behind this new release? What actress do you want to focus on almost every shot of a movie, with no relative on the screen? Sure, Richie deserves some blame: Certainly he is - or anyone - no one! - should be, and may be able to take the initiative aside and insisted on something that limits the actual feeling in readings (because their performance wooden that it surprising not get the rest of the representatives of the fragments), or at least offer something like warmth ... but it looks resistance For nothing but a black hole in a movie. In addition to anything else, this is a great project for a star, so you're ultimately responsible for it. Such a film, "Odd Couple," should be a chilling and enjoyable one, with strings that can bounce back through an intelligent, even romantic dialogue. Why could another film that includes his film "Different People Stranded" really be? Honestly, I do not think anyone involved knows exactly the tone was that they were trying to do; not succeed Kkomidea (I dare you to laugh even once) or romantic (Madonna Ice routine prevents any chemistry). It's not bad enough for our bad movie lovers to enjoy. Real shame ...
