* Warning * contains many spoilers! <br /> <br /> Let me begin by saying that I respect Gillian Anderson's amazing talent as a versatile and versatile actress - which is why I can not understand her reasons for agreeing to make this film just by seeing the script (or not. ) <br /> <br /> The idea of ​​the film was, in my opinion, a great idea and there were some genuinely thought-provoking themes out there but ended up like a souffle broke down. It's an example of why I hate 99% of British cinema. It's a very long feeling, it's boring, for the most part, and not much happens after the first 20 minutes. Just when you think there is a chance to get some speed, they feel frustrated like Paula Radcliffe who runs the marathon. With a little imagination guidance and a minimalist outline, there is not much to prevent the public from nodding to popcorn. For the text, I can only imagine that the writer was trying to save some trees, where the average scene read something like "Alice: F *** OFF!" (Adam stares.) Alice follows. Alice: Adam, Adam! "I think that, by word for word, the actors may have gotten more money than Kate Moss for her ads on Virgin Mobile. What are the few lines that did not have much variation with frequent use of the word f that would make Bridget Jones, Shaza, proud friend. There are a few key characters created before the main ugly event that makes the public lacks a lot of empathy with characters that go beyond the automatic reaction. "Oh this is terrible." <br /> <br /> Alice is not a woman who also empathic courts. I've got a great job, a London apartment with a roof space to die for, but it appears on the screen as if it were a bit sloppy and bitter and unhappy before its life gets worse. After the attack, a few layers were peeled off, which explains why she started this way; she grew up with a tough soldier in the ancients who thought that teaching her how to shoot his gun was the absolute expression of love, and instead of following it, she fled to the big city in search of something Do not make her feel like her life deserves to live. Instead, I found a group of typical middle class Toffs who look down on anyone who is not rich enough to lead Lexus and the luxuries that come with an integrated security / entertainment system (that is, Mrs. Robinson becomes a broad boy doctor who wants to be someone's cocaine One gift to save this character is that it was played by Gillian Anderson.In the hands of a lesser actress, it would become unbearably monolithic, but Ms. Anderson has already pumped a few fleeting moments of humanity into this senseless human being , Especially when she sincerely apologizes for her anger on the road in a futile attempt I can not say that Adam was better off either. "Danny Dyer played well as Jack the Lead out of the water but the good performance could not save him from the absence of a scenario and the total absence of any The film was mostly based on the value of the shock but the timing was closed and I felt great geometry from start to finish ... As for the shock, the most shocking thing about this film is the shameful explanation of the extent to which the lady Anderson. It was almost disturbing to see scenes of brutal attack. In a side note, in a British film only, a group of violent sexual attackers will take a long time to introduce contraception to each other before continuing to cheer their colleagues - talking about the upper lip that is too backward! If this is the kind of film the National Lottery donates to produce, I'm not surprised that fewer and fewer people choose to spend their pounds every week. <br /> <br /> By saying that I hated this movie gives him a lot of credit, I did not care enough about any of the characters justifying those strong feelings. I want to one hours in my life again please, please!
