What I did not mistaken Unfortunately, I rented a Nightmare on Elm Street several years ago and there was a music video, and I'm sure it was called Dream Warriors, at the end of it, I had rented this video on DVD hoping that the video would be there because it was One of the most beautiful things I have ever seen. It's amazing how things from the 1980s have become very funny now, but nothing more fun than rap videos in the 1980s. There was a rap group singing Dream Warriors on the VHS version of the movie after credits, all wearing denim jackets without a shirt down and making appropriate jean shorts to fit in bottoms like Daisy Dukes. What could make the rap group seem more foolish and I can not imagine it. <br /> <br /> (spoilers) Anyway, I was disappointed in the search for this video on the DVD version, so all I had was this average batch in the Freddie Kroger series. This type of film starts with the same idea as Part 2, with the main character experiencing all kinds of heinous murders then getting out of coma and finding bloody hands. Christine Parker (Patricia Arquette) has a nightmare about the infamous house that Nancy Thompson used to live in, then turns to the bathroom, turns the handles of the tub into Freddy's hands and attacks her, then wakes up in her bathroom after she has her own wrists. From there, the film becomes the usual payment in the mental hospital. <br /> <br /> Larry Fishburne, always tired of playing the bad guy in his roles, was happy to take on his role in this film as a nice, disciplined, stern but comfortable man when patients wanted to bend the rules a bit. Not surprisingly, it turns out to be the best performance in the film. Arquette continues to be a brilliant actor, but has not mastered her acting skills when she starred in this film. The characters of the film are mostly all patients in the mental hospital where Kristen was placed after cutting her wrists. They are all pessimistic and uncooperative, and none of them thinks they really belong to that extent. Eventually, they realize they can convince employees that they all dream of the same man and not just a kind of collective hysteria. <br /> <br /> Heather Langenkamp, ​​in her famous role as Nancy Thompson, returned this time to become a dream researcher as a result of her childhood experiences in which Freddy Krueger participated. It is not surprising to be able to quickly associate hysterical Christine with the rest of the patients, because she lived quite what she was going through. There are some interesting killings in this installment, and the technology used in the special effects has taken a huge leap. There is a giant worm-like Freddy trying to swallow Christine in its entirety. There is a scene where the television turns to Freddy and the mechanical arms pick up one of the patients there to get some late-night entertainment and punish them for sitting very close to the TV, but there is also an unconvincing movement scene Two young men wrestle with the skeleton of Freddie Krueger, who was rotting in a box of some cars in a car hideout. One of the most painful scenes was one in which Freddy attacked one of the patients in his dream (known for walking through sleep), and ripped muscles and tendons from his arms and legs and led him around like a doll. Ouch. <br /> <br /> We've had a glimpse of Freddy's past in this batch. We not only meet with his mother, but also discover the circumstances that led to Freddy being born more than 100 crazy. In Freddy's fight, all the sick together, and in their dreams, use their own powers (most of which reflect their real-life shortcomings) for their fighter. One student, confined to a wheelchair, can walk in his dreams, while another student has fun powers for what he calls the "master therapist" and the other "beautiful and bad" (she has a lot of make-up and her hair stands in the high-end Mohawk, . Smart, but the film falters when he has only one patient, a person who can not speak, and has no powers in his dreams until the climax of the film, when he suddenly realizes that he can speak in his dreams (at just the right moment to save the day). The power of his dreams was so obvious that he was not ruled out for a long time, but collectively, you now see why the film was translated into Dream Warriors. <br /> <br /> In general, this is not a very weak entry into a string. The representation is fairly lousy, but it is actually good for horror film. Larry Fishburne casts a shadow over the rest of the actors and presents brilliant acting skills early in his career, and the film is not just a reworking of either of the first two? The problem plagued by Friday's movies is much more 13th than Elm Street movies. These characters are not developed enough to allow the generation of much tension later on, which is why most deaths come across innovative ways to kill someone in a horror film of tragic loss to the life of one of the characters that we have identified on our root and victory over evil. But again, do not take a lot of horror movies long enough to really develop their characters to the extent that your hands are lifted in defeat when you kill, or be on the edge of your seat while walking for her life. But it is important to note that the few horror films that do this are at best the best almost movies ??
