The night came out of the sky (Emilio Miraglia - Italy 1971). <br /> <br /> I've only seen this delicious piece of Euro-tosh in the awful DVD version of Alpha Video, but what I've seen is not interesting enough to buy the latest version of No Shame . Considering their excellent record, it will undoubtedly be a great improvement over all previous releases. And do not care about the funny cover shown here, it was not taken from this film (some girl carrying the head of Jim Carrey looks like him). <br /> <br /> Star Spaghetti Western Anthony Steven is a hip-hop hairstylist and plays the role of Lord Alan Cunningham, a haunted man commemorating his dead wife Evelyn. This leads to a nervous breakdown that has been kept in a psychiatric clinic. Once released, Cunningham directs this trauma by taking red-haired prostitutes to the countryside castle, exposing them to brutal torture. His doctor and friend, Richard Timberlain (what do you mean, the names of the Italian horror look "formed?"), Advises him to forget the past and remarry, but Cunningham is obsessed with Evelyn and even organizes an experience at the castle. In the end, after the murder of some other girls, Gladys, another red, met her almost immediately, but the arrival of his new wife generates a series of evil events. Blood-thirsty creatures beat Sir Alan's family, killing them one by one. Staggering, Cunningham visits Evelyn's tomb and discovers that it is empty. Soon, a number of "outsiders" began to question the occurrence of something suspicious in the castle, and perhaps Lord Cunningham's treatment was not successful at all. <br /> <br /> Director Emilio Miraglia tries to mix Gothic horror with Giallo's agreements with limited success. As usual, no effort was made to convince the audiences that the movie was set in England. The cars drive on the right side of the road, and everyone looks very mediocre, and the castle (and the rest of the architecture) is superbly Italian. This is a common practice in Italian horror, but sometimes they take this too far. Making this bad printing somewhat likely, since it is too dark, you can not see much of the surrounding area anyway. But, again, this is the kind of film in which anything can happen in the name of exploitation and portraying reality is not really the problem. A large part consists of the torture scenes of Sadu Masushi in the torture room of the castle, but most of the time, Anthony Stephen makes a mistake in his way and shows some over-representation. I think it all depends on your mental state and this can be a good crap if you are in a good mood. I could not take it, at least not with the printout I saw. An enjoyable result by Bruno Nicolai, which combines easy-to-listen tunes with some narcotic rock numbers. <br /> <br /> Camera Obscura --- 4/10
