I wondered why I did not like the marriage of Baiji Su married more than me, when she first came out in 1986, all the hype. Somehow I found Nick Cage's character a farce. The way out Then it seems that the plot was not logical. Then at the end of the credits, the question arose: What point did this film make? What was he saying? The answer, unfortunately, was not much, if any. I do not really think that this film is meant to make a statement; unless "your life is your life, you will make the same mistakes regardless of why, so watch your eyes, not the hole." Not a very deep statement, I'm sorry, not made in this film. Writing simply is not good. The trend is uneven, and is sometimes overly exaggerated. Kathleen Turner was the best, and in my opinion, the only thing worth the effort in this film, led something of a miracle, where he created a complete character despite the strange and unexplained circumstances, with a script that did not have any clear statement. <br /> <br /> Finally, the mystery ended for me mainly because I did not enjoy this movie any more. She said in his autobiography that Cage had made a point in fighting his uncle Coppola at every step of the way, doing so "in his own way" (not a good idea for a new actor) and putting a blunt voice that he called "stupid." His voice was disturbing, unnatural, and his character was repugnant and arrogant as a young man. I understand what he was trying to do: play a "hot shot" of a young man who is not as warm as he thinks he is preparing his own vine for future failures. But he goes abroad, and the way he does it is scraping, not effective, and if he had listened to his uncle instead of "fight the man", we would have had a more fun film. Cage slips slightly with his hateful voice patterns in the film and sometimes seems to be a real person, and those scenes are more viewable than others. But if I had to watch the whole movie, I would want to push someone in Los Angeles to pour a bucket of water over his head during some of his most vulnerable scenes. <br /> <br /> The film is not meant to get a statement, and does not point to a point, it's great to look at it only when Cage creates the impression of Elvis (but without sound), and ultimately, confusing and time consuming. In view of all this, Kathleen Turner certainly deserved the Oscars in this film's superhero. I can not recommend anyone spending two hours watching this, unless you love Turner and you have a remote control to choose all their sights. Believe me, you will not miss something by skipping other scenes and it will be just as important. <br /> <br /> Kathleen Turner gets a lot of critics 'ideas about Cage's comments, which proves to be strong enough to be true and hell with others' comments. Go, Turner! I am not particularly fond of this actress than any other representative or actress, but her openness is refreshing. Acting in the cage can be troublesome, and here it does not work. At least, in this film, we now know the reason.
