With the surrender of this castle slowly to ruin the ruin, he loves to kill various prostitutes who resemble his deceased wife Evelyn, a woman who betrayed him for the last man, with those locks Red. This nutcase is very wealthy and can be put by a very attractive bachelor. However, he was obsessed with the memory of his late wife (specifically her adultery .. he saw her naked with the beloved). While Evelyn's memory eats up his entire existence, Alan does his best to find true love and is believed to have a relationship with Gladys (Marina Malfatti, who spends most of the film naked ... perhaps this was her only characteristic because she was not a very good actress) , Which agrees to marry him after a very short period of engagement, which may have to raise the flags immediately (there is a moment of a major dialogue where you know exactly the value it deserves). <br /> <br /> The only real person Alan can trust is his doctor from the hospital, Dr. Richard Timberlin (Giacomo Rossi Stewart). There are other key characters in this film about Alan. Alan's cousin, George (Rod Murdoch), seems to be a good friend who often gives him victims ... I mean dates, with the hope of getting his master's property one day. Albert (Roberto Maldera), the brother of Evelyn, saw the slaughter of Alan, and instead of turning him into the police, pressed him for money. Aunt Agatha (Joan C. Davis), wheelchair bound, lives in the castle and is often seen walking behind the cracked doors. We later found her having an affair with Albert. <br /> <br /> Everything described above provides services for the rest of the story that shows what appears to be the specter of Evelyn chasing Alan, someone who kills members of the family of actors around Alan, and Evelyn's body is already missing. <br /> <br /> The final question is who commits the crimes after Alan and Gladys married, where is Evelyn's body, and will Alan be? Overflow edge? I have to be honest and say I did not care much about this film. It's badly uneven and fast everywhere. Looks great on the new DVD and "Escalation of the Dangerous Sequence" is awesome, but what really hurts me in the film is that the whole movie is unlikely. You really have a hard time caring for Alan because he is a psychotic man skating on thin snow in relation to his mind. It can be very volatile. Whoever commits a crime is really not a big surprise because after killing several key characters, there are only a few who can do it. What happens to Alan does not actually make your throat because you can make the argument that it only gets what it deserves. Those who stand behind the full scheme of the film with regard to Alan, as I mentioned before, are not appalled because if you are aware of certain circumstances (or the advantages you would have) that would benefit them in the breakdown of Alan's rationality, then everything comes only less Who are the stars. I thought the editing was fickle and uninspiring, but the representation of the entire cast was less than the name. Some methods help there sniff out the gothic atmosphere in the graveyard sequence to help them out.
