Alan (Anthony Stephen), the English millionaire with a few screws (thanks to his first wife's betrayal and sudden death during childbirth), attracts red-headed women to his castle and offers them packages of money to stay on weekends. As soon as he returns to the pile of his ancestors, he makes them struggle, and begins to whip them with bull whip, then kill them. <br /> <br /> But when Hottie meets Gladys blonde (Marina Malfati) and drops her abundant magic, decides to give up his deadly ways and marriage. However, the interconnected bliss is short-lived, thanks to the intense mental state of Alan, who becomes increasingly fragile when his dead wife Evelyn begins to emerge outside his window and a series of heinous murders occur within the castle grounds. <br /> <br /> So let's summarize: a terrifying European horror film in the 1970s with many women suffering from undressing; gothic neurotic vacations and foggy cemeteries. A rich sadistic psyche with a tendency for sluggish dead babes, several murderous murders (including the murder of a victim with her head in a rock and her foxholes). Normally, would such a checklist guarantee me a good time? Why was "The Night Evelyn Came Out of Her Grave" so boring? Well, for starters, the plot is very complex: there are red threads, crazy plot developments, an abundance of suspects, and everything becomes so much. By the absurd end that we discovered, along the way, that many people were planning to get their greedy claws on Alan's wealth, and that it was supposed to be our job to kill Redheads is the movie hero? My head was hurting me so much! Second, the direction of Emilio Maraglia is very accurate. Stylish, yes; but as slow as molasses sometimes. <br /> <br /> After that, there are very small parts too silly, maybe even for Giallo: Death through the bite of poisonous snakes (certainly one of the strangest weapons options ever); Alan Aunt Agatha, a disabled relative who plays A weak young attempt to convince the public that the film is included in England (mentioning "pounds" and hiring a police uniform for one of the additions is not enough); then, of course, there is the possibility of finding a bag of The sulfuric acid next to the swimming pool ... <br /> <br /> "The Night Evelyn Came Out of Her Grave" is not A complete waste of time (how could it be, with a lot of female body on offer?), But there is a much better gialo out there. Watch this if you are a fan of this genre and you've already seen the best, but do not expect too much.
