This film is just another distortion, among many distortions, on the so-called "sins of consumerism". Please note that Pastor Billy, the actor (Bill Tallinn), is no more than a bureaucrat against the "sins of consumerism." We might like to ask questions, such as: What does the Pastor Billy do for a living? How to earn money? Does he make his living outside his organization "tax-free"? How does internal revenue justify it as a church or tax-free organization? <br /> <br /> Everyone knows that Christmas is marketed, but it allows one day of a year where people have a chance to be good, and allows a large number of people to spend time with their families, friends or extended families. Everyone is not good. Not everyone spends time with their families, friends, or extended families. But holidays and vacation time give people the chance and opportunity. Yes, America has more than its share of problems - but, with perseverance, Americans face and always face great difficulties. Even in times of conflict, America has proved to be the greatest nation in the world. This happens when Americans unite and challenge, rather than split and divide. Yes, there are problems with companies and monopolies, but it will require Americans to return small businesses along with ethics to care for officials who live in our individual societies responsibly. Yes, globalization has brought us its share of problems, but it will require Americans to reproduce to America. Americans and the US government need to learn how to keep the budget, regardless of size or size, and we must stop our dependence on credit. Our excessive reliance on credit will make us poor, from cradle to grave. It's important to buy - but if we buy less, we'll rely less on credit. If we can save, even a small amount of money, we will get the money for a rainy day. Not to say that, as Americans, we will gain an equal share of wealth. Wealth is not guaranteed, and it is not guaranteed at all. But class division teaches us that only a small percentage of Americans own most of America's wealth. There is a good near you or I can reach the level of the upper and middle class. Who knows what can happen from there?!? Be positive, work hard - at least, you and I will be able to reach some (if not all) of our dreams. In life, nothing is guaranteed, but we always have something to get. If I do not have or have dreams, we may be dead. In America, there are always many hopes and dreams. As individuals, we are part of the package, but we can always become the package leader. <br /> <br /> My experience has always been that churches and religion offer nothing more than additional distortions, but I pay respect and respect for people who have other beliefs, values ​​and perspectives. But with regard to the distortions expressed in this film, I do not believe in these beliefs, values ​​and perspectives. This film is rated with one film out of 10 - but truthfully and truthfully, this film deserves zero. This film has no integrity, I do not recommend it.
