what happened? It was the first words to come to mind after the completion of this horrible film for the first time and the last time on my computer screen. Nightmare on Elm Street has declined markedly after classics had worshiped the first film, but I doubt that anyone expects this appalling deviation. No one expected this universal joke for a film, and no one was more resentful of me. <br /> <br /> This is by far the worst ANOES movie in a lot. It does not seem too bad at first, with a really creepy intro and a rather lengthy shower scene featuring Alice. But then, we got down at first through bad behavior and following mixed events. I mean, sure, Freddy's films are supposed to be like a dream and creepy, but this movie is like the train wreck in its bad sequence of events and the plot. It looks like you're going down with a terrible headache, not as if you were scared. So the directive completely failed. Here there is no impressive horror and evolution from the previous consequences here, and even the scenes of death are often just monastic and camouflage (especially death with food), except for one wonderful scene designed like a comic book battle. That's why this movie gets a point. <br /> <br /> Story ... lame, lame, lame, lame. It has been an excuse for the people and people subjecting the MPAA to madness, and nothing more. <br /> <br /> Representation ... I should mention how Freddy turned into a carnival-like character. ? How did he make his new birth scene look like a monster from the 7-year-old horror book instead of the dream killer nightmare we've all known and hated since the first movie? That arm waving and laughing laughingly as it appeared again ... LAV. And he has one hardcore, too. Throughout the entire film, suck. in a bad manner. Classroom students can come up with funniest things, and Freddie vomits for 90 minutes. Hell, the chimpanzee tree can come with more entertaining lines than what Freddy was told to say here. Who wrote the script for this? This movie is also really annoying. It seems useless. Like a kernel hovering around your head, the nucleus will not go away. Freddy is just a nuisance now. I've seen him several times before. This is no different from something, and in a lot of time you just want to take his terrible linings and get off the TV screen. Alice, instead of the studied and quiet girl of the last film, looks very troublesome and shallow, and this is evident because of the terrible and terrible scenario in which this film was adapted. Lisa Wilcox may be a great actor, and sometimes shine in the cracks here, but she can not save this movie. Other actors only suck, mostly. <br /> <br /> The last 15 or 20 minutes of Freddie's presence in this film is shocking and embarrassing. I hope Englund be ashamed of this. Who wants to see Freddy running like a mutant gorilla with his limbs outstretched, laughing like a cartoon punk? This film destroyed anything positive I felt for a nightmare series. I can not see it again without this image passing through my head; from the weary cartoon abomination that has become Kruger. It has slowly become an icon of retarded pop culture, but this is the lowest level. This is the bottom. No one will take Freddy Krueger seriously again after seeing this film. It's nothing but a joke, a long-awaited clown to retire. Pathetic. <br /> <br /> Of all the movies I could hate, why should Nightmare be at Elm St, a series I loved and loved so much? Dream Dream represents the death of legend and the destruction of any hope I had in the Nightmare on Elm St. series. Freddie will continue to swing in the clown's clown mode in the next installment, Freddie Ditt (who was more fun than this, in fact), then continued to drop the mood at Freddie SS Jason, and finally will not fail at anything, that's the best. <br /> <br /> I know this was mostly a scream about why Freddy is sucking now, but this is a terrible, one of the worst movies ever made. No one is recommended, even the noses of ANOES will not want to see this again.
