This is nonsense .... absolute nonsense. I can not believe that any company can make people work in a movie like this. Full Moon has a number of horrible movies, but it must be the worst. First, the plot does not exist. It's strange. They seemed to have taken an idea of ​​the story, and there was no one to develop it. They seem to have wasted a lot of time filming the outside shots while the "heroes" were wandering around the desert, and Bradbury talks about the nonsense for 10 minutes. There were two scenes in the film (when they lead Dz and Dazzy, and when they drive Dez and Bradbury) where the show continued ... it was like two music videos where there should have been some dialogue or action. They drove for only 5 minutes, with nothing but music and footage of the surrounding landscape. <br /> <br /> After that, we got to acting, which is simply shocking. First, the girl who plays Dorsey is a monster. It looks very scary, I wanted to look away when it was on the screen! Casting is terrible. Then, you have the man who played Dez, who could not act if his life depended on him. His "crying" is really funny, and his crazy instincts are more entertaining. The man who plays the office clerk at the hotel is just as bad, as is the man who plays Bradbury. There was no action worthy of any recognition in this film at all. <br /> <br /> Make-up effects ... Hmmm, can anyone say pathetic? The "effects" were very fake and were laughable. The crazy little man who is looking for a Caterpillar catches someone, cuts him off, and when he comes back, the man suffers from a completely fake physical injury. Nice. Do you run out of money on makeup budget or what? I have to say a druggie chick who is in a single girl flat ... beautiful makeup there too. I think they were going to take a narcotic look, and I think it was supposed to have a black man, but it looked like a cheap coma makeup for Halloween. <br /> <br /> This movie is awesome from the start. The story is stupid and not very original, the trend seems like a 10-year-old boy, the actor is the lowest of his kind, and so on. Stay away from this movie at all costs. It takes only 70 minutes in the first place, and is consumed at least 20 minutes of music, dialogue or personal at the hotel. Do not waste your time on this piece of garbage.
