A characteristically fragmented personal study, but not angrily aware, an examination of the various personalities of college colleagues: a talented but uncontrolled basketball player and a smoking game. Never learn why these young people are friends. They may share some ambiguities about the world and their places in it, but they do not seem to have anything else in common. Jack Nicholson, who co-wrote the screenplay with Jeremy Warner - based on Warner's book - in his first appearance at the directorate, does not show us characters clearly, nor does he model scenes to help us identify with anyone. on the screen. There are some decent performances here (especially from the newcomer William Tiber in the central role), but most of the picture is not distorted (perhaps intentionally), unclear or uncertain. Bruce Dern plays the role of a strong basketball coach, Karen Black is the older lady, married to an affectionate Tiber, and Michael Margota is a lost friend of Tyber (in an unprecedented performance). Nicholson failed to set up the sequence with any particular flavor, preferring (I suppose) to allow personal interaction to control the tone of the film; the text is also not useful, and as a result it is not clear who we are supposed to sympathize with. Small random moments (a supermarket battle between Tepper and Black, Dern visits Tepper in his bedroom and all the scenes on the pitch), yet the entire third chapter of the picture is a mess. In the hope of being associated with a b-ball game of great importance with sexual assault, Nicholson does not show any style in his profession (nor does he earn points for chutzpah, since his presentation of these events is despicable and ugly). When the director comes out of his way to humiliate his representatives, one has to question his motives in doing so. Perhaps if "Drive, He Said" finally made a strong statement in the deal, the audience may forgive the director because of his failures in judgment and taste. Unfortunately, the closest to puzzlement is as amazing as the rest of the film. * 1/2 of ****
