The tragedy is that this piece of garbage was part of the curriculum during my film studies. Imagine how you were forced to see it completely. Believe me, hell goes through much easier. Our teacher told us that this is a movie ??? , But never thought we would not agree or assume convenience. I do not think there are any gods on earth, we are just humans, so all filmmakers, and therefore they can make bad mistakes or movies .. or very bad too. The main problem is not that this art, by any measure, is an exhibition of endless views, but many people do not understand it, and that every human being has his own real taste, his own opinion, and what I suppose is the greatest film ever produced, The worst movie you ever had, how true it is in both directions, but how many people can understand this correctly? So my teacher believes in this film, and I simply do not believe in it. However, the only way to evaluate this "thing" is to measure it with its original intention to show us different types of old folk stories or whatever we observe in the mentality, imagination and nature of this society. In order to tell you the truth, Mr. Pierre Paolo Pasolini as a screenwriter and director made it impossible to see it in the first place. The film is very ugly. I can not afford this, what about analyzing it, then discovering the potential beauty in it !! It is something that goes beyond your hideous mind, and strange not for the film or anything, but for Basolini's unstable vision. His work is primitive to the point of backwardness. Deadly cinematic technology, an absurd sense of efficiency, and a terrible horror make everything hateful. Look at the ugly representation, the unproductive cinema, the terrible bad groups, oh my God, you've already been nauseated. You can end your subject violently because watching this movie is a real pain like getting rid of wisdom by a blind doctor. There are horrible nightmares that could be more merciful than this. So in the original, how to continue it to review it to some extent? In fact, you do not do it. Because this particular film does not treat you at all. There is a scene that is not really forgotten here, as some of the boys are streaming into the camera's eye (!) I'm trying to connect some things like that to the end of Pasolini as a murder.
