I specialize in film production at Wright State University, Ohio, and yesterday I had the opportunity to see this inspiring film in the classroom. Our professor taught us that it would be very funny for us, but the reason we were watching it was because it was one of the first sound films - a complete disaster. <br /> <br /> The problem of early sound was that the Hollywood actors knew only how to make silent films and were not good at keeping lines. So producers and directors look to the theater to get actors. Looks great idea, right? Well, the type of acting on the stage does not appear well in the film. It seems that most actors in "Atlantic" seem to be acting in a play, which leads to a big laugh at over-acting. Another limitation of the early sound film was the technique of microphones. You can not move bikes as you can today, you had to keep them stationary or you would pick up the sound of the air moving. There was usually one Mike used in any particular scene in this film. In one particular scene, there is a man sitting at a table. Someone walks straight and delivers their line, then walks away. Another actor comes from behind him, delivers their line, then walks away. It goes like this for a few more people. The microphone is clearly right on the table, making it laughable. <br /> <br /> These are just technical issues. If you get into the story and the direction, things get worse. The story is a fictional account of what happened in Titanic. The characters are incredible and meaningless. "Story" about a man who betrays his wife and their teenage daughter has no place in the film. Are barely resolved and leave you wondering why they exist in the first place. Bad attempt at high drama, actors take long breaks between the lines several times. It's stressful, and you can not wait for the 90-minute movie (like 180 at least) to arrive. I will not talk much about the issue of racism in our country at this time, but it really hurt me that there were only two blacks in the entire film, and they were portrayed as animals. Both past women and children pushed to try to get one of the lifeboats. They were ordered to stop or shoot, and of course they did not. I felt terrified. <br /> <br /> I give this movie 2/10. I would give it 1/10 (lowest rating possible), but I gave it an extra point just because it was one of the first sound films, and tried to put it in its proper context. If you want to watch a good soundtrack early, check out Alfred Hitchcock's "Extortion" which was also released in 1929. You'll find that the best directors were able to adapt to the new technology right away.
