No movie can be seen with Caroline Madeleine in his team. However, I must add that this British film is approaching. The story takes place on the ship "SS Atlantic" and is based on the unfinished "Titanic" trip. The word "non-drowning" is pronounced, the liner is struck by ice and we hear a heavenly chorus singing "the closest to my God to you". Passengers who are ultimately sentenced to the anthem are in a smart job. But the year of the film's release (1929) means that the modern viewer should accept the primal sound of contrast and many influential conventions of silent films and theater. These are not problems. The main disadvantage of the film is speed, good speed has been developed in silence. However, if the dialog box is delivered at a realistic speed, the movie playback time is halved. The intended effect was drama (and clarity in a new medium), but the result is now unhappy. The structure of the film is illogical incompetent and incompetent. Paradoxically, I found some details of the very modern editing method: accurate cuts, surprising from the ship area to the other, and sometimes even on sound effects. Although we boarded the Atlantic from the first shot, we were only 4 minutes from the movie before discovering this fact. There are long interludes with the ship's dance orchestra. (Entertaining, easy voice.) Personal stories are presented in an unattractive and unconvincing way. Do not think about the scene. Burgundy is a small thing and the external damage to the hull is minor. However, the sight of passengers traveling in lifeboats - clearly displayed on a real ship, presumably anchored to a shipyard - generates great excitement. Unlike Miss Carroll, these sequences are the only points of excellence in the film. As the film and the ship approach, the screen becomes completely black several times when power generators start to fail. Another eternal blackout to him is the end of the film, with the advent of sunset / sunrise, and a clumsy symbolic effect. "Atlantic" is the curiosity of the cinema. perfect. <br /> <br />
