For me the film is an unsatisfactory and unconvincing theft. With the A-cast list, especially the three-threaded independent director and experienced like Spike Lee I was expecting much more and in the end I felt that what was delivered had added little of this sub genre to the film. For a start, I did not like the speed of the film. I started with Clive Owen's mastermind of the piece, then repeated unnecessarily at the conclusion, and then found the narrative confusingly confusing, not saying unrealistic witness interviews. , Then you found yourself jumped into the viewer that you felt had started earlier. Of course, the camera works at full capacity, moving constantly and includes a lot of camera shots, but director Lee has failed to provide excitement or thrill, mainly by not doing any of the main characters in the film. Denzel Washington is heavy with clothes and bad talk about "Shaft" thirty-three years ago (he even has "no one understands only his wife" happens, is full of "hot" that his girlfriend, who attacks her with some words undeclared and inappropriate "dirty talk ") And his mild kindness" in the heat of the night "with William Defoe (in almost a fraction) barely raises a ripple. Clive Owens plays his character in an assertive English accent even as we give him the belief that the band is Arab, and is constrained by the need to play 90% of the film with a mask on his face. Jodie Foster offers another game of narrow, narrow patent innocence, and Clarisse Starling turns into a financially rewarding fisherman, so to speak, without much effect. In general, it is a real mix of the film, with a light yet clear touch in the end, and in fact the title gives it away from the spoilers. The worst scene (for many) is undoubtedly a Washington interview with the witness, which is unbelievable, with an 8-year-old child, although Owen's dialogue with the child himself minutes before he is about to approach him. During the film, references are made inside the jokes by characters of classic theft films such as "Serpico" and "Dog Day Afternoon" - but there is no honor in praising the self. More like a "hot rock" instead ... so this was good for a few laughs.
