Movie: There are some very exciting comments on IMDb about this movie. Really awful. Not enough money is spent on the film and the way it is made by Spike Lee, it seems to be a mix of independent film and motion movies. Characters / actors: Denzel did "exactly" what he does in every film, so there is no surprise. Here is a little mind game for readers. Think fast in 10 movies from Denzel. Now they are counting the number in which a policeman / investigator / bodyguard played, whatever. Clive Owen, hmmmmmm, this guy needs a better role on his plate soon. His best performance was to think of "Beyond the Border". Otherwise he did the same thing as he does in every film as well. His tone and manner were very similar to what he did in the City of Sin. Certainly this guy knows acting, what he does not know is a better way to choose roles. He is in desperate need of a better agent. Judy Foster was wonderful in the film, if you're watching it for the first time in your life. I've done better. They have better roles. It happens in Hollywood, so big stars fall on their knees and pick up low-level roles as did Judy Foster in this film. The plot: The plot was not confusing, in fact, I was thinking of such a plot, in fact the entire film, while taking a dump after a nice big Chinese dinner. I mean come on, **** spoiler on the road ----> I'm fed up with unnecessary haulocast and racism symbol. The film revolves around bank robbers, why they put the game "Haloakast" and "racism" in place, tried to play with the feelings of people, worked on anyone? not me. The police allowed bank robbers to believe they were hostages? Riiiiiiight, please, we are talking about the American police force and security here. No one can tell where Cliff is, meaning they have not found anything different with that room. Who are we kidding? Conclusion: Sure, go to watch this movie, if there's nothing, you'll have a fun time talking to your friends about how bad the film is. At least people will not think you are stupid to go to watch this movie because they think you went to watch it because it has a big star cast "MISTAKE".
