This is a stupid movie. Maybe it would not be too hard if the film did not return much, but I felt that this film had been cheated and tricked me at every turn. <br /> <br /> No beef with representation, but I think the characters were awesome. The film begins with the character of Clive Owen telling us about his mastermind and how he planned to steal the perfect bank, which reminds us a lot later. Oh yeah, he told us that he was in a prison cell, although that was a stupid metaphor. Any idiot knows that the best bank robbery is one that is likely to make as many mistakes as possible, and I have finished long before the police appeared. But the Clive Owen scheme requires lounging in the bank for hours - for no reason other than navigation and search as scary as I can say. He must also control the hostages, negotiate with the police and, most important of all, perform the function of this old house on the bank's stock market and hide there for a week (I hope to get enough food, run a bucket to pee) and sneak back . Yes, this definitely looks like the perfect crime for me, Clive! This plan contains so many moving parts that the only reason they do not break up is to write the script. <br /> <br /> So, there are many details that are not explained: Why were the police so convinced that the scammers had partners among the hostages? Who the hell is the character of Judy Foster, and why is she so important that she has a mayor in Beijing and calls her and does not have to tell Denzel Washington her agenda because he "exceeds his pay schedule?" How stupid are these men who can not know a single person who speaks in foreign language for hours, not the voice of a criminal gang planning to steal? How do thieves get away, and why does Clive Owen continue for a week? How do you know the past president of the bank, the number and contents of his safe deposit box? Why the hell would Cliff Owen be allowed into Judy Foster or the police? Since when do they make AK-47s that look real close-up? How the hell do you have a bug box pizza, anyway? How did Clive Owen manage to sneak out of a safe area at the bank during business hours, without being detected? Did this fair criminal really feel sufficiently connected to this policeman, Denzel, to strip him of diamonds? <br /> <br /> None of these questions have ever been answered. There are films that deepen by letting you wonder about events that happen outside the screen, but I never felt that way about Inside Man. It seemed like the scenes that made it clear that these things had been cut off from the film, or that these questions did not have any answers in the first place, and this is weak. Particularly disturbing is the character of Judy Foster, who will not reveal what she is doing, but does not seem tired of reminding us of its importance. I think we should take her word for it. <br /> <br /> The only reason why I filmed this movie is two stars, who laughed at taxis "Denisel cab" and "pina colada" and in an outrageous video game for the child. Other than that, this film has no replacement features.
