I have seen most of Ryuhei Kitamura's work and have come to the conclusion that he has a talent for action. The dynamic and fast scenes often combine elements of martial arts, gun battles and samurai battles with camera action that captures the carnage that appears on the screen effectively. Versus and Aragami Kitamura showed that creativity and showed that they are more than capable of working on a low budget. What happened in Hay? To be more frank, the answer would be - nothing. Nothing happened in "Alive," a two-hour film with little action, characters without plot and plot. <br /> <br /> Quoted from a comic book written by Tsutomu Takahashi "Alive" is a test of the life of Tinshu Yashiro (played by Hideo Sasaki) on death row who survived the execution. He is then chosen either to repeat the execution or subdue himself in a series of strange experiments. He chose the latter and shortly thereafter he was placed in a room with a usurper, and then with a girl infected with a strange parasite, in exchange for giving humanity to the host host supernatural powers. Of course at some point that parasite moves to Yashiro, the bad thing is that it does not happen very soon. <br /> <br /> Like "Aragami", "Alive" marks the first half of the founding of the main exhibition. The characters are presented, their motives are set and their relationships are revealed between each other. Everything happens even in one group only. The first major problem with this comparison is that while Aragami was just a 70-minute film, Alive lasted for more than two hours, making the first part more than an hour. It was possible to justify this length if the characters were more interesting but unfortunately this is not the case. The dialogue is dry, monotonous, presented without any feeling of passion or depth. The characters themselves are not very interesting. There were some small attempts to make "Alive" more morally ambiguous, but in the end it was all about the classic effects: evil government men against them, the strong protagonist, who I thought was yes, saving the girl in the end. As I said earlier, the entire film is practically done in just one set, two hours later boring, and even worse, the group's design itself was not interesting at first, and does little to improve other aspects of the film. <br /> <br /> Now, after the end of the first part, one might think that Kitamura will make at least some of the fun movement scenes to make up for the dull beginning. Unfortunately, this is not the case. The only battles are actually reworking for similar battles of Hollywood movies, complete with the effects of lead time and psychic powers. The Kitamura creativity of Versus has ended, and even the small group limits its work very often in the camera, and it all turns into general and predictable battles, truly shameful. <br /> <br /> Obviously, "Aragami" was the best on all accounts and "Kitamura" has learned something from "Alive". So it was not at least a complete loss to watch this movie. If only to understand the mistakes committed, how to fix them and create the most entertaining movie better.
