No, I did not read Stephen King's novel "Thinner," but I suffocated the film's version. Horror movies are an acquired taste. Ordinary films give the audience a clamoring hero as they pursue a goal. In horror films, audiences are invited to taste the demise of characters. In Tom Hall's light-weight, tasteless and tasteless director, "Can not Win", no one wins and everyone deserves the bite that is imposed on them. Billie Hallick, the simulated binge in New England (Robert John Burke of Robocube 3), has a weight problem. Although he shakes the bathroom balance at £ 300, he seems happy with his delightful wife, Lucinda Jenney (GI Jane) with her young teenage daughter. <br /> <br /> Fat does not mean stupid here. Halek is being warned in court when he acquitted acquitted Mafia boss Ritchie Genelli (Joe Mantegna of the Games House). On his return home after the Victory Day, Bailey hits a passing gypsy woman who kills and kills the street. Tester happens, and Halik's friends take out the soup. The disgruntled gypsy father, Tadeusz Lemke (Michael Constantine of Skidu), criticizes the wounded lawyer and town officials who have acquitted him. Suddenly, Halik finds himself abandoning the pounds regardless of the amount of food he lives in. When the gypsy begs revenge to lift the curse, the old man refuses. Desperate resorts, Richie Halleck. While Halleck struggles with the Roma to remove the divination, he learns that his sincere wife has turned his attention to the town's hot doctor. <br /> <br /> The film "Thinner" qualifies as not only the awesome, funny flick but also the filmmakers also rely on the stereotypes of men and women. Tom Holland, who directed "Childs" (1988) and Michael McDowell, presented such a script that you can not enjoy seeing Billy, just getting candy. "Thinner" boasts a few less shocks and surprises. The directors may have reintroduced King's novel, but they have compiled novels and humor. Both the Netherlands and McDowell introduce characters, such as Mafioso, and then leave them by mistake. One small figure appears long enough to die and has a stuffed chicken head in his mouth. <br /> <br /> The stereotypical behavior of characters may also offend audiences. "Thinner" depicts women as excessive foxes in weight and men as pigs. When Halik climbs home from a clinic, his sports car is parked at his home. His doubts ripen in jealousy and he cooks a plot to transfer the curse to this wife. Even the early end lacks any cynical flavor. Greg Kanum, the Oscar-winning special effects writer, with Van Helsing and makeup artist Bob Laden, is doing a great job promoting actor Robert John Burke to look fat. They also succeed in making him grumble. <br /> <br /> Only Steven King's hard-core fans will be able to bear this pernicious puzzle.
