I do not really know where to start with one of the worst films I've ever been happy to see for a very long time. From the location it was very clear and very clear to anyone who visited London for one day would agree ... it was not London. Largely unexplained how the Snipe character managed to escape from the country to the United States without a single problem. Then convince the girl and grandmother to visit him in America, how Grandma agreed to that ... He is a murderer! Well, this is the end. What about the film, unfortunately, this was not much better. We have British cops driving an amazing range of cars, and I'm sure it was in the 1980s Vauxhall Belmont who chased the cab after the mission, but the new Subaru Impreza was accompanying the prison car in several previous scenes. SO19 or anyone who was defending the Met arm they were trying to portray was happily running the streets with their weapons chasing after Snipe alongside the CIA. There were children walking around, but the police still say they have a clear shot to shoot at. Is this happening in London? No no, I live there. We also have very unreasonable travel from central London to the airport (let's say Heathrow for arguments) within 5 minutes of receiving a call. We also have awful American accents, a little girl more than a queen, but live in Elephant & Castle. What does he tell the British police when helicopters and a number of officers at Snape can not find Snape and can evade capture by hiding behind some stairs? Obviously the train station was not even on the UK ground and the sound effects of the scene were harsh. The plot was very bad and boring and was written and photographed a thousand times better. But there were a few prominent actors in this film, what they were thinking, and please do not let this bother you to watch this movie! It seems that this film does not know what it wants to be, if you focus on the dramatic aspects of the aftermath of the task, you need a strong solid plot with wonderful landscapes, and this is something the viewer has time to take in and appreciate. If you do it wrong then you notice it . If you want to get a full action movie (which is not the case), you can put continuity and scenery on the side.
