Finally, the old Michael Corleone, the old falls and goes to "Thumb!" Who wrote for this latest version of The Godfather's Epic? Probably the same staff who do "as the world turns." This flick does not deserve the title of "godfather" at all. Let's call this "Cosas of Nostras" or "All My Capos". As someone who has encountered a number of Mafia people in my working life, I can say without exception that I have never met any of the gangsters as well as internal conflict and meditation like Michael Corleone. Let's face it, these guys are in the mafia just because they're greedy, nothing more. In this film, Don Corleone spends a lot of time thinking about his past actions and his dark future, and perhaps even the Hereafter, and then recovering remarkably quickly in order to get out some wonderful business deals or ask for the death of one or the other such great time operator is, deep down. Then, there is his failed marriage. After the separation scenes in G2, we may hope to meet Michael & Kay as a man and wife, but they seem to have become very good Platonic friends who can laugh, cry and share intimate thoughts about their lives. It seems as if the script writers are trying to turn Michael into a woman. It is a strange behavior for two people who shared a passion for a marriage bed for 9 years. There are some erroneous mistakes here and there, or perhaps they are sins of authorship. The poor old rural Sofia Kopola plays a desperate role, with many short lines in the film that do not match what a young woman says in informal conversations - "notes" have been given instead of "lines" for emote. Her "emotional" love scene with Andy Garcia seems like something of a bad teen sex comedy as they chew their open kisses and meet each other against the backdrop of a kitchen plate like marionette. Michael Douglas, but it's laughable here. Then, there's an Andy character, Finnie Mancini, who has also given a tough and thankless role to play. I think Don Corleone is expected to be new, but he almost delivers the job on a silver plate and does not have to do much to strengthen his position, unlike Michael's simultaneous visits to all five G1 families. This simple process may be an authentic way to transfer authority in the Mafia family, but why has so much been made of this boring routine? Sure, Vincent may not respect his fellow gangsters someday, but there is little revelation to the characters in the script to give us a picture of this young man, unfortunately. Puzo had such a wonderful job of developing Michael's character quickly and succinctly in the G1. But, G3 does not have an economy in its novel, and we suffer through painted exhibitions so we just want to take an afternoon nap. Thirdly, George Hamilton was also given a thankful job as the family lawyer after Robette Duval rejected the third installment of Tom Hagen. George played down his role wisely, so he went out unharmed. The evolution of Connie Corleone's character is interesting, but he goes away when she takes the deadly things in her hands (you could end up sleeping with Paradise, if this is the real world). But this is not bad. The assassination scene in the hotel's elegant shed! Also, "keep pulling me back" or the words in this sense are a wonderful line. We get a sense of the old country when we return to Sicily, even if all this was done in 1989 and they have cars and a modern haircut. The conspiracy lines, which include the corrupt hierarchy of the Catholic Church, are very interesting. They are based on some of the real financial and violent characters in Banco Vaticani in the 1980s, but they are very far back with the most spectacular scenes of death, etc. The opera scenes are very exciting and well illustrated. But the scene of Mary's death in the end is an unbalanced attempt at emotional manipulation, at best. All screenwriters must learn that we do not always need more and more death in order to reach the Mafia movie successfully. She feels sorry for Kay because her daughter has died and her grief is well done, but Michael's response has been striking, forward and important. After that, Michael died sometime in the 21st century, in Sicily, alone in a large farm, of heart failure ... There is no grandson playing with him before his death, nor wife grieve him. What happened in the first half of this film is the hunt for Michael by a person like Rudy Guilliani, and he was brought to trial, all of the dilapidated small companies of his dirty family and bloodthirsty thrills were brought to light, and then Michael was convicted under RICO's laws and sent to the federal prison for life. He can then die of heart failure during the word survey in Leavenworth. This is how the mafia mafia ends their careers in the late 1980s and early 1990s, and they get much better treatment than they deserve.
