I have come out of several years of research on these paintings because of the absolute lack of intelligence that is connected through reviews that appear periodically on the IMDb space of this film. I watched this film courtesy of the New York Asian Film Festival (which had an excellent selection of films this year and watched the vitality, Jun Snake, CHA NO AJI, Survive Style) and I feel sorry every day for the scene of this movie It breaks off my mind and becomes a vivid memory. <br /> <br /> I'm sure you can read a praise summary of the film from Subway Cinema, which is why I made the mistake of dragging my friend to the movie. This description built a kind of horror film that I craved for a while, a film based on pure terror rather than cheap fears. It was actually different. Depends on cheap laughs. <br /> <br /> The incredibly annoying announcer described this film as "a team of lesbians challenging to fight monsters." Completely incorrect. There is a sub-plot built in this movie to make it look like the relationship between the girl and Pookie is actually somewhere. More lies. This film looks like a short film about "Are You Afraid of Darkness?" The story is ironic, and it only succeeds in creating laughter and confusion from the public after they finally canceled their attempt to watch this film in any form of seriousness and try to forget the $ 9 they wasted at the door. I wish I had a paul spurrier in attendance so I could laugh at him and ask him why he spent five years in Thailand producing a horror movie that's funny to humans, belongs to the spice channel, which only managed to get the actress kicked out of her family and caused a fuss At the Belgian Film Festival. The only noise that caused it was a clot in the lower intestine because it could not extract itself from the condition. In any case, I hope to be able to neglect anyone to make a big mistake when I see this film, it was really one of my three best experiences in the film, where he got out of the spirit of the plane to No. 2.
