Near the beginning of "The Godfather: Part III", Michael Corleone's son wants to drop out of law school and become a musician. Michael Corleone does not want this. But his ex-wife, Kay, was able to convince him to let Anthony Corleone follow the music as he pleased. So he does. <br /> <br /> This seems to be a strange way to start a review, because it is a simple point and has nothing to do with the main work. Just carry with me here. You'll see where I'm going with this in the end. Now let me tell you about the big conspiracy. It is Michael Corleone's desire to give up crime forever (he has largely abandoned all criminal elements in his family's work). But then comes Vincent Mancini, an illegitimate nephew, involved in a dispute. Of course, Michael must bear another brush through criminality, gun violence and all these goodies for gangs. Meanwhile, Vincent has an affair with Marie-Marie's daughter Michael. Oh, and Michael and Kay are trying to fix all the terrible things that happened at the end of the second part. <br /> <br /> It's like a soap opera. Awesome and wonderful opera of 169 minutes. Gone are any kind of sophistication, romance, and emotional importance that made the first two films come home strongly. After a 16-year break in the franchise, Francis Ford Coppola threw a state of confusion and determination that ran counter to the first two films, proving once again that his last brilliant work was "Apocalypse Now" in the 1970s. <br /> <br /> What's worse, "The Godfather: Part III" is not even a logical follow-up to "Godfather: Part II". Michael is a completely different person. He did not go to the seeds (which may be legitimate, even if it was not interesting to see them). He has become a good guru trying to repair all the tragedy that made the second part such a destructive masterpiece. His confession to the priest was bad enough, but this simple diabetes attack in the middle drove him to nausea. He also returns with Kai! For Paradise, there is no way to that, since the second film became very clear! He aborted his child, and his Sicilian education made him despise her for that. Did not Francis Ford Coppola think about these things? <br /> <br /> Do not make me start in Mary's relationship with Vincent! For a very forbidden romance, it was unengaging shockingly. Sophia Coppola did not act to help. She took the smartest step of her life when she turned in front of the camera behind her, because she was probably the worst actress I've ever seen in a best picture candidate. Each line was painfully preserved, and each time the drama was based on her acting ability, all she produced was an inappropriate laugh. In the climate scene I will not go into the details, but you will know what scene I'm talking about when / if you see him - look at Michael and say, "Dad?" I thought I was supposed to cry, but the line was delivered badly and engaged in long laughter high! <br /> <br /> Now we have reached its climax, and now you will also realize why it took time to start reviewing with a description of Anthony Corleone's musical ambitions. After 140 minutes of minor drama and unrelated events, Anthony Corleone returns ... an opera! So Michael, Kay, Mary and Vincent went to see her, and about 10-15 minutes of assassins were walking around in an attempt to assassinate Michael. On this climate sequence, I must say one thing: it was really good! But not because of the killers - they were very boring. I just really loved the opera. He had some wonderful music and a real big set cut. From the little he showed us, the story seemed to have echoes of the Corleones. I bet it was a swollen opera, and I bet Michael Corleone was happy because he left his son moving from law school to music. <br /> <br /> My greatest wish is that Francis Ford Coppola was just filming the Anthony Corleone Opera for 169 minutes and got rid of the rest of the melodrama. Better yet, I wish he did not make "Godfather: Part III" at all. The second part gave us the full end. This rotation was tolerant and unnecessary. <br /> <br /> P.S. This is not a reaction to the gastrointestinal tract. I have seen all three Godfather films for more than a month (although I was watching the first movie). This not only meant that my expectations for the third part were not tight (in fact, I set the bar too low after what I heard), but that also meant that I had a good time to think about the three films. While I was a little disappointed by the second part at first, the more I thought about it, the better. But with the third part, it was bad at first, and then it got worse the more I thought about it. The sad thing is that many people will stop with the first part, but if they also see the second part, they are likely to move on to the third part. If you have the will, see parts one and two and pretend that the third part never existed.
