The Godfather Part I was an amazing glimpse into the fictional Corleone family and how an innocent young man was forced into circumstances he never wanted to get a part of. The Godfather shows the second part that accepting the young man for his new role, reducing his sensitivity to personality, and his total loss of his innocence while diving deeper and deeper into the life of crime. The first two parts of this epic of this transformation of Michael Corleone make one of the greatest tragedies in the history of cinema. <br /> <br /> Then, Godfather came the third part. Michael Corleone is now without aging the Corleone family. He shows remorse for his past actions not through subtle behaviors, but by trying to use his powers for good and recognizing all his mistakes and regrets others. Very vulgar and uncommon of the complex character that Michael Corleone is. Michael's plans to use his powers for good are hampered by an ambitious young student and his enemies. Michael's daughter is ultimately a victim of the ongoing mob wars and her death leads Michael to realize that his whole life is worthless because he failed in the only thing that was why he placed himself in the position he was in: protecting his family. <br /> <br /> The Godfather ends with the second part as Michael Corleone reaches his lowest point: his brother is killed. Before the release of the third part, The Godfather's Story was an emotionally moving story about an innocent young man's journey into darkness with an incredibly tragic end. Michael forgets his roots and abandons the only thing that has always been more important to him and to those around him. Part III paints Michael's image as a man who has always been a victim of circumstance. This greatly spoils the meaning of the first two films. <br /> <br /> The Godfather Part III is a terrible mess for a movie that was not supposed to be made. The only solution to the problem is this latest installment of The Godfather films is pretending to be non-existent and that this story actually ends with Michael the terrible terrible killing of a loved one.
