The 1973 edition of the classic Billy Wilder in 1944, Double Compensation, is an example of a textbook on how to destroy a large text. This class B television feed also illustrates the folly of the overall remodeling process. While Hollywood has chased greedy executives who paint black-and-white films and sought to shrug off widescreen movies that appear in comprehensive versions and scans, the industry has ignored the intruders who insist on capturing a classic movie and reducing it with a poor new edition. <br /> <br /> The first step in producing a copy of a classic game is to edit the script. Billy-Wilder-Raymond-Chandler was cut off for half an hour to fit into the final film at a specified time limit with a space for commercials. Then the production took place using nice images, color photography, smart and thin sets, and familiar actors on television. Thus, the new "double compensation" eliminates the cinematic film Noir black and white atmosphere that enhanced the mood and characteristics of the origin. The mysterious dusty groups that frighten the wishes of the heroes are over to escape their positions at all costs. Gone are the close link between Keyes and Neff and the erotic attraction between Neff and Phyllis. <br /> <br /> Jack Smight's "Double Compensation" look more than "Dynasty" than Noir. Phyllis Detrickson has a home designed to die for, and it will be difficult to buy a comfy comfort cushion on an insurance vendor's salary, let alone a Mercedes sports convertible convertible. No person has any clear motive for killing for a small sum of $ 200,000. If it is not money, then maybe murder for love or lust? Not in this version. Richard Crane showed little interest in Samantha Agar, and their kisses were as lively as those between brother and sister. Crenna fails to capture Neff's cynicism, and his attempts at double entry and sexual suggestion fall horribly. Eggar is a little better and lacks the excitement and depth to suggest the inner procedures of the mind assumed to be twisted and manipulated. Lee J. Cobb is the only reliable performance manager for Keys. Director Jack Smith and his three directors have done much better. <br /> <br /> There was no conceivable reason to produce this miserable new version except to fill the time in a broadcast schedule. There was no conceivable reason to revive this dud on a DVD and encapsulate it with the original film except to fill the double disc pack. The only lesson that can be learned from this imbalance is that even the large script and the grand dialogue can be destroyed by poor poverty, the dull trend, and the production values ​​of the TV class. The title of "Double Compensation" for 1973 should be entitled "10% compensation", because watching it only confirms the 100% perfection in the original film.
