Fraud and homicide fraud in the spouses of the visiting couple caused the "end of the line" ... <br /> <br /> Television was a rip-off in the early 1970s, and this television-designed knockout inflicted damage to the eyes. Can not be compared with Billy Wilder's classic Noir film in 1944, where anyone in his right mind should know an invisible insight, but that does not mean that this update should be seen as a separate entity, too. Although it depends on the original Paramount scenario, more than half an hour is cut off, and the careless director's indifference makes what remains memorable. With a rare exception, young people were not interested in watching old black and white films on television again in 1973 (still true, unfortunately) so this new and mysterious story was new to the vast majority of viewers; then, as now, The rule of classifications and disbursements were the sole reason for their existence. Gus Van Zandt rewrote PSYCHO for Alfred Hitchcock for similar reasons, and if this replay led to the search for original films or novels, that was better. I loved James M. Cain's novel enough to set that time, and this time I enjoyed the second time crepes for long hair, halter tops, turban, ugly decor, and the fat Auburn locks for guest star Samantha Eggar who did not try hard to get to know A few of the occasional actors of his childhood spent in front of the boisterous tube, Lee J. Cobb was able to pay attention to Keyes as exhausting in the world, but Walter Neff from Richard Crane was friendly and calm only reminded me of Bill Bixby on a bad day. Of course, the original improvement was not intended to rush to make a profit, but instead of the reckless renewal, the novel revision was a new idea. Cain's book differs somewhat from that of celluloid, and the shark's shark fins at the end of the moonlight are deadly. The "Me Decade" program, which I am intensely grateful for, is part of the DOUBLE INDEMNITY DVD add-on, but the experience not only made me want to see the original but made me feel nostalgic for any episode of the best COLUMBO series. I also went back to the 1973 film "The Of The Week", which I have not seen since its first release: LINDA for John De Macdonalds in the beautiful Stella Stevens as a ruthless young girl who kills her lover (John Saxon) And if I remember correctly, there is also an open end. Such as double reparations, were remodeled unnecessarily with TV Queen Virginia Madsen as a frantic woman's successor and Richard Thomas as Milwaukee's husband.
