When Samantha answers rent (as Felice Detrickson) at the door of her house, which has been wiped out with a towel, she realizes that a competent actress like a rent may not have the hypnotic attraction of Barbara Stanwyck. This is not a complete Eggar error. In the original film, Wilder did not show up on Stanwyck in the towel, but entered the scene on the balcony of the second floor of the house. They do not "graduate"; it seems, as if it were magic. Walter Nev staring at her from the bottom on the first floor. There is a reason for that. Stanwyck is far superior to NEV (Fred McMurray) when it is introduced for the first time. It's not just a towel. Towel adds to seductive appeal. Her position is like that of the Greek goddess on her field, and strangely, she feels as if, from the beginning, she controls the whole situation. She has sexual power, and even magic. This person is not a normal housewife. This mysterious mystery person with secrets hidden inside. <br /> <br /> Go back to 1973. The new release reintroduced Crenna at the front door. Standwick answers, rent, on the door with a towel around. There is no "appearance". It simply opens the door. The staggering supremacy of the audience when Stanoyak first appeared in 1944 was completely absent in 1973. She opens the door with a towel around her. It may be interesting in Charles Angels' way, but it is not nearly as ambiguous. The makers of the new film appear to misunderstand Wilder's point of view. The script may have said "Phyllis appears in the towel" so the remodeled filmmakers simply followed the instructions and included the desired towel. The point is not a towel. The important point is the ambiguous quality of Phyllis, and the potential power exercised by it. Wilder gave her a towel to add to her charm. Her film makers made a remake of a towel because that's what Wilder did. In choosing the shot, he lost all the magic of Phyllis. <br /> <br /> Richard Crane also seems to be wrong. Seems to be "acting" rather than in the midst of the dilemma. Part of the problem is the appearance of Crenna as the actor of the 1970s. He can not enter the 1940s. When MacMurray first speaks in the microphone, the sweat begins to drip from its face. Do not sweat on Crenna. They also changed one of the crucial lines at first. Originally, Neff says: "I did not get the money, and I did not get the woman." In the 1973 version, Crenna says, "I did not get the money, and I did not want the woman." Did the filmmakers misunderstand the entire story? Or were they installing it for the TV audience? <br /> <br /> This movie, designed specifically for television, is a sequential display. Each sharp edge of the original is lost. Perhaps the most striking thing that Lee Jie Cobb could have was the role Edward J. was known for. Robinson. But he can not save the original loss of intensity. This boring 1973 edition is a forgotten television film made by the same people who made "Gilligan Island." They may also have tried to rephrase "Citizen Ken" or "Gone with the Wind". If mediation is the best one can hope for, what is the point? 1944 Classic is a film with a capital "F". This remake of the TV deserves a grade of "F", or perhaps "D" for the idiots.
