Little Rogers' gingerbread trades with quick scribbles with a rival newspaper reporter for Yale Talbot in this 1933 murder mystery from Allied Productions to produce poverty films. The film begins with a wealthy businessman taking a head from the roof garden of a towering residential house, or is it a beloved apartment? Rogers already has two identities at the beginning of the film: Ms. Terry, the secretary of the dead victim, as well as her plan in the newspaper Pat Morgan. She accidentally speaks to Ted Rand (Talbot) instead of an office rewriting her paper, being fired for her efforts when her boss knows he has been dismissed. <br /> <br /> Here's a mystery - revealed during the police inspector investigating Russell (Bournell Pratt) in Harker's death that Terry / Morgan had served as his secretary for three weeks. Why exactly this? After the fact it would make sense that they were there for a newspaper story, but before? The clues are dropped with regard to connecting Harcher to a well-known person who lives in the same apartment building, but again, this association is not relevant until they are all linked to Peterson's concierge (Harvey Clark). It is composed of all contact cards with a snake that affects the HSSS, with the words "you will hear" cut and paste underneath it? Apparently, the snake's sound was the sound of the radiator system in the apartment house, which Peterson used to transport toxic gas to the rooms of potential victims, such as Mrs. Kobe in the apartment below Harker. But in response to a question posed to Inspector Russell about the death of Mrs. Kobe, he replied "apparently" to the cause of strangulation. <br /> <br /> These are rather conflicting plot points that made the film somewhat unsatisfactory to me. Detecting Peterson's bodyguard as the bad man of this piece is exposed to somewhat appalling conditions, as we see him keeping Miss Morgan's unconscious body in the crematorium oven! However, we achieve another point against continuity, we see Miss Morgan in a huge basement where Peterson ignites the oven; she made her getaway, but how? And still beautiful as a picture. He will try to turn off the screen if there is only millet police assistant Wilfried (Arthur Huet), who fell into the opening scene above his feet as he entered the room. <br /> <br /> Sorry, but for all of those reviewers who found that "A Shriek in the Night" was a relief, I feel that any Charlie Chan movie of the same era is a real movie "The Usual Suspects" . If you need a reason to see a movie, it will be ginger Rogers, but let's tell you, they do not dance.
