Just saw the night before sorting. What can I say? I have lived up to a modest trailer run, although this does not say anything at all. Nothing ever did a movie before, and it was not shown in cliché style until it finally reached the point where I stopped laughing just because I was laughing with the audience and instead, let the film ruthlessly out. <br /> <br /> So let's see ... we have the least exciting main character that is trying to come back with his ex girlfriend but he is not good enough for her, see. We have three friends who all have their own "personality", since someone is the best friend who tries to get the best friend to the girl's personality but is constantly rejected, and another friend is a very embarrassed person who can not live in a positive view at all over the week and throughout The days of the week, where they are put up for individual characters (which in this case are just a collection of movie references, especially from Disney), and the third man who will never remember his name but there to complete his box and throw in letters of sympathy to those interested to listen ... Check. Our former girl friend and her parents **** - prohibit relationship by any means possible when looking things, not to mention awkward family members by the main character ... check. We have less than one hour in the movie where everyone is depressed, checking. Our "funny" moments of the film come from swearing, people who fall or are beaten, scenes of the trailer, homosexuality hints ... Check. I dare to call it a spoiler, but our end unfolds just as we thought it would unfold before watching the movie ... check. <br /> <br /> Honestly, this can be ..., wait ... it should have been PG-13. All that was to be dropped was any F-type bombs. Honestly, they would have received more publicity than the crowd with this kind of humor, and would have had less exposure to the media, and therefore did not hate people like me who should try to raise it. The latest Comedy R rating is like Superbad and Knocked Up. The humor in this film is so embarrassing that it is not commensurate with what the public is looking for. I bet that actors have often been nervous about some of the dialogues and actions they have to deliver on the camera. Let's put it this way ... in the theater, it will help you laugh because it is on the big screen and others laugh. When this movie reaches Showtime and retracts at 2:00 pm on a holiday, you may be inclined to change the channel. The only thing that will make you watch it is the hottest Alice Eve (who was not 10 years old, but still very good). <br /> <br /> Regardless of the main accuracy, this film has thrown a lot of sub plots on the other side of the curve and seems to be forgetting to write more stories that they tried to develop at the beginning of the film, where everything else would fly a lot out of the window. So there is a major decision, but what comes from it? It was never quite clear, and the end is not allowed to be "satisfied" with surprise. <br /> <br /> There was not only one thing that was worth nothing in this movie and this was a good sound. Apart from the beautiful choice of alternative rock music in the 1990s, there was a great degree of optimism that would play in some parts of the film (beginning rather than beginning), reminding me of something mixed up by David Holmes. I will give them props for a great selection of sound. <br /> <br /> A last thing, perhaps this film was filmed sometime in late last summer, because Pepsi's unintentional and arrogant care showed the yellow bottle caps they had during this Rock Band promotion. I discovered that many rock band players would be interested if you saw it. But I say hold your money. If this is PG-13 and you are 15 years old on a Friday night with a group of friends, say that you get rid of yourselves. Otherwise, definitely pass. Do not try to compete with movies that have earned an R rating in the past few years and it is best not to be good.
