What the hell is this? "Kooky drama"? "Lawyers in Loney Tunes"? The world's most insomniac actress and most face-to-face (even more duck and anorexia than Michelle Pfeiffer) exaggerates her bone dissipation, making sad cups that would shame Bagnie Bunny, in one of the most non-animated television series ever. This is also the most annoying TV show for an hour ever, and then the worst. <br /> <br /> All men behave like a lantern, and I am one person who refuses to believe that even the big city spoilers are all like male delta like this sorry (short) bunch. Wuss Peter MacNicol was able to be more disturbing than Calista Flockfootbox with the hurdle of Hollywood's fake "shshshs": it is a kind of false inability to pronounce the letter "S" by turning it into a satanic "SH" Shtewart and Christian Schlatter also practicing with enthusiasm. When you watch MacNicol talk, I always wonder how it does not take off the jaw ... The human face was never dissected to support the sound of "SH" more than three times per second. It is a medical wonder. <br /> <br /> This poorly designed and legally written hodgepodge also contains some personal computers in the 1990s. He has a written political correction with massive neon letters. Is there anything more unrealistic than being a group of lawyers filled with ideals, ideals, and ethical fiber? It's funny, but that's how Hollywood defense lawyers have portrayed it since its inception. After all, what is more noble than defending a murderer, rapist, or thief? When an underdeveloped television series like Ally McBeak begins to preach America about how it should run the country, it must be time for Paris Hilton to become president. "Ally McQuack" is a product of modern Western reduction and widely committed. <br /> <br /> The supposed touches of "eccentric", such as the disturbing music figures UNBELIEVABLY, are unconvincing and embarrassing. This is not Monte Python. Whatever the "new" that untrained garbage-makers sought, they failed with honors. "Ally McBeak" is a major television commercial project aimed at distinguishing between wives, housewives and bipolar lawyers. It is another boring objection. "The objection to your honor was rejected. May I call the witness" legal nonsense that the American masses seem to eat with taste for a strange reason ... "
