No, I just will not get it here. I refuse to go along with the program. Do not assume that this film may be just an exaggerated estimate? See reader's comments and star ratings: mostly 6/10, 7/10 or better. I think this is the example in which the ratings may make more clear about the people who show them more than the film itself, which is unique. How many other sexual fantasies about simulated full simulations with horse couplings have become major stars such as DVD catalog titles? I watched this movie with a great sense of anticipation, I expect fireworks, and instead I got someone showing up in a shopping bag from Gucci. It seemed wonderful, but once the excitement was stirred up, the end-of-the-century was not complete to save her. <br /> <br /> The film's background story tells it all: The director's films are about 25 minutes from the hardcore line Interfaith hardcore sex for another film, aware that the footage will not be appropriate, put it aside, and wait two or three years to get acclaim From critical statements to the construction, then you build a full feature in about 25 minutes, filming nearly 70 minutes of irrelevant, unambiguously boring footage and introducing a 25 minute segment into the dream sequence. The 25 minutes of the film is a strange, amazing and amazing subject in a measured and calculated way. But we are not here to evaluate this 25 minutes alone, we must consider the entire film, and ask ourselves why people are so excited about the film? Or are they just fond of the background story and the date they were banned by people who were stupid enough to abuse them? <br /> <br /> This may be an anti-clerical agenda that appeals to them. The hatred of Western religions of Catholicism and Christianity is one of the few remaining castles of socially acceptable intolerance - it has been revealed today that the BBC regularly maims its broadcasts with anti-Christian sentiment and the West in promoting political integrity. You can say anything you want about the Bible, the abnormal priests of the children, the institutional cruelty of the church, the amount of white men and their inhuman religions sucking the faint skin of the golf ball ... but say something negative about non-Western religions. And you toast. The film is designed specifically for such sentiments, with an old wrinkled priest who enjoys an entirely unspeakable relationship on the screen with two 14-year-old French boys complete with an inappropriate touch, fading, pawing, touching, and raising buttocks. Ewww. <br /> <br /> Then there are horse-drawn instruments that are filmed so close to an idol that parts of the film can be used as visual aids to separate biology from animal husbandry. Yes, I understand the objective importance of the pictures - large animal arms with lots of reproductive fluids waiting to be unleashed like fire extinguishers - but if you want to watch horses, you know that, and I would like to live live on a farm. Having a genitals in my face is just as enjoyable as watching a person use the bathroom. <br /> <br /> Is this film just a kind of artistic conversion of social artists? Perhaps, although I will grant the technical implementation of most of them, it was filmed in a variety of European details that even contain a wet forest directly from the Monet plate, complete with a curved arch. And the end (which I even managed to be surprised by) does everything in wrapping everything in a neat package if it is hateful. But remember that there are some things that can not be disassembled for their design elements and that many artists are guilty of exploiting them in their work to lend a kind of gravity that would not have been achieved without them. This is not fair, and even Clint Eastwood fell prey to enthusiasm with his new film about Iwo Jima. Whether or not his film represents any good positions as a separate consideration from whether that battle was a noble cause fought by heroic men. The problem is that most people will not be able to separate the two sides of the film and will line up to give him the Oscars because of his noble message - not because it's a good movie or a particularly original one. <br /> <br /> Although it may sound oddly parallel, I see it as one with THE BEAST: How can anyone not see the beauty of the basic nature in the scene of two paired couples? Who can not see a logical culmination of the pent-up sexual life of fairy tales in the explosive film set, where beauty and the beast finally do something bad? Somehow I managed to miss both points, and I'm glad I've seen this movie so I can throw the trash out as it really is: 25 minutes or so of eye opening on top of a fairy tale for adults surrounded by 70 minutes of skittish boring skull arts European euro rubbish dreck around some guy get a hair story, and a wonderful ending. It is certainly an art, but it absorbs heavily. <br /> <br /> 3/10
