The desktop business, especially in the era of computers, multifunction copiers, e-mail, voice mail, e-mail, and temps, is a mature area with spoofing capabilities, a way that has been used in movies such as Clockwatchers and Space Office. However, this latest addition to the temporary swimming pool / humor, Haiku Tunnel, directed by Josh Kornbluth and Jakob Kornbluth, does not live up to its predecessors, and leaves laughter somewhere outside the door, waiting for a chance to sneak in. Unfortunately for the public, This opportunity never comes; what you get is a nice try, but k (Josh Kornbluth), in the opening frames (in a monologue delivered directly to the camera), this story is purely fictional, He spoke in the fictional city of San Francisco, a creative, if not very creative, release, and not all that funny, yet it is a vow to follow, and all that - like disclaiming - is not all that funny. Kornbluth plays the role of Kornbluth, an ambitious novelist who supports himself in acting as a "temp." It is a job that suits him, and gives him time to leave some work in his novel from time to time. But when he goes to work with a lawyer, Bob Shelby (Warren Keith), he performs a very good job on the first day, Shelby sends Prime Minister Marlena Demor (Helen Schumaker) to Cornbluth to persuade him to go to Perm. "But thinking about working full time for the same The company, at first, is a source of fear in the heart of Cornwall, but he is in this position and signs it, he is nervous about it, but at least now the other trustees acknowledge his presence (which of course they will never do with a temperature) , He has seventeen important speeches written by him - this now only has to be mailed to For outside - to retreat (it was kept because mail is the easy part and needs "something easy to do" as a spare, if it's all for him.) These are "important" messages, however, by the end of the week, Kornbluth still keeps them In his office, and it does not take a genius to discover that when Shelby discovers that, the days of Cornelbuth as a boy with fair hair will end quickly. <br /> <br /> The Cornbluth brothers, who were not only directed, Billucci also wrote a script for this film, to take a page from Ben Stiller's comedy book. "If you play the game straight, they'll laugh," he says. But they did not, and will not do the public. Because in comedy, even objectively viewed as much as possible, when the "personal" is funny - as in, the main character (as well as most supporting characters, as in, knows that he laughs - never does.This is exactly what he does So instead of being "funny", it happens that he is unfaithful and grumpy, a fatal error in judgment by Kornbluths, because by allowing it, they have sabotaged their own film. <br /> <br /> In an attempt to identify Why this film does not work specifically, the reason is two main reasons: guidance, which - if not necessarily "bad" - does not care at least; secondly, In contrast to Stellar, or even Steve Martin - both use the humor of self-denial with great effectiveness - it seems Cornbluth has an ego that simply will not allow himself to be put into this He seems to need to tell his audience that he, the real Kornbluth, is actually more intelligent than Kornbluth, and that he is unable to go beyond what he does, as well as the film, instead of giving millions of office workers who might be watching this movie a person they can relate to Or who can identify them, Kornbluth affects a harmonious way that does not Not to alienate people who are trying to reach them. So, all that is related to it is a situation of misdirection and unconvincing representation, and when you consider that the same scenario was initially weak, with an inexplicably narrow focus (given the rich subject potential), it is easy to understand why this aircraft does not fly . <br /> <br /> The only saving grace for the film is the performance of Warren Keith in the role of Shelby, whose surreptitious delivery was convincing and which in itself is somewhat funny. However, his effectiveness diminishes, as Keith has to share his viewing with Kornbluth, which automatically cancels his positive contributions to the project. <br /> <br /> Shumaker and Sarah Overman (Julie Faustino) can also keep their heads above water through their performance, which is commendable, if not memorable; they at least make their sights viewable, and so that Overman's performance lifted Kornbluth, though only moments. But still not enough to save the day or film. <br /> <br /> The cast includes Emmy Resnick (Mindy), Brian Thorstenson (Clifford), John Lumina (Daphne), Joe Pilan (Jimmy The Mel Klerk), with a veil by Harry Shaggy looking Harry, Orientation - a role that arises to answer the question, "What was he thinking when he agreed to this?" In any working environment, there will be positions that will forever arise in one way or another and become a fodder for someone's comic guns, and the films that depict the positions will always be with us; the righteous (see first paragraph) may become classics by themselves. However, the Haikou Tunnel will remain very long among them, because its fate is elsewhere - in a world known only as "mystery". I rate this one 1/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
