Sadly, the version of the movie we were going to watch was burning in the fire at Universal Studios last week, so we cut off the video. This could be a metaphor for this second-rate film in King Kong directed by Toho Studios Ichiro Honda. It is basically a warm-up of "King Kong vs. Godzilla". They even use the idea of ​​Hong Mika, such as the Goodaica Mica. Of course, the film reaches its climax with King Kong, who fights Mika Kong at the top of the exhibition tower in Tokyo, but if you do not already know it, you may be in the age group for which the film was designed. <br /> <br /> The cast is led by a man named Rhodes Rezon, who has never heard of it ... Looking at his list, I often see a lot of American television credits scattered, so it's interesting that they dragged him to Japan. So that it can have a US champion my name. The real hero of the film is the most sensitive Japanese leader played by Akira Takarada, whom I have known from the famous version of Hiroshi Anagaki, "Chushingura" (47 Ronin) and also from the original Godzilla films of Honda. I'm sorry Rhodes Rezon whatever you are, but this guy has more presence on the screen and you can bet that everyone wants him to end up with a nice little blonde, played by Linda Miller. We laughed at the way Reason would always find a way to intervene between Miller and Takarada, who seemed to prefer. Of course, like all leading women in Hong Kong, she has a basic relationship with the king himself. You discover a nice trick: if you talk to a really giant monkey ..... really ..... slowly ..... they will understand what you say. If you are a blonde girl, it means he will do what you want to do. This fact is not lost by Dr. Who (Eisei Amamoto) and Madame Piranha (Mie Hama) - an "unnamed nation" - that they plan to use as a bait to carry Kong to dig mineral deposits trapped in the Arctic. <br /> <br /> Yes, this is the entire movie plot - it is clear that only a giant monkey will be able to detect these minerals that can be used to make powerful weapons. The doctor who builds Mika Kong to get him but the circuit is on the way, so they decide to go for real Kung. Kong seems to be intrigued by Mecha-Kong, a storyteller who may have made the film more interesting but not followed up. <br /> <br /> By the end of the film, the cute blonde "Kong" or "King Kong" has shouted her phony voice so many times that when the heroes ask her to leave in the end, they talk to us all. Basically, this film no matter how majesty Kong's character is made by making him a heroic and friendly figure very early, just like the latest version of the story. Kong is just a man wearing a suit in this film, and they show so much of it that it is hard for a foolish face to take it seriously. It's a beautiful film, I'm sure it caters to the demands or wishes of fans of this sort of thing, which is really a wrestling movie more than a monster movie in many ways. Do not scare monsters in these films, they jump and push each other a lot. It's not a movie that's worthless, but it's very predictable and so it's for anyone under the age of 10 or maybe it'll be just comedy.
