This is an interesting left turn for Reel 13 Indies. THE TWO HARBORS is a 75-minute B & W film from Minnesota featuring unrepresentative actors and there are about two people finding a link by looking for a strange life. I salute the audacity of the programmers in the movie Reel 13 to think outside the frame when choosing this film. I wish they had chosen a stronger film to become bold. In fact, I wonder if the choice is more about the uniqueness of the film than the actual quality of the film itself (not that TWO HARBORS is useless, but I'll get it later a little later)). <br /> <br /> As is common in independent movies, TWO HARBORS is limited in terms of location. Are there only two real sites? A large market for the sale of scrap and a very small trailer, which is home to the main character in middle age, Vic, played by Alex Cole. Author / director James Folek uses the market to make a presentation about Vic, one of the dealers there. He has many people who arrive to Vic and start very long conversations providing us with only two pieces of information? Vic sells space games (preferably called "space traffic figures") and he's a fool enough. This is one of the two main problems with two harpurs - each chat. Have I said that before and I will say it again? We are dealing with a visual medium and filmmakers have to work harder to tell their stories visually. There are exceptions, of course, but in general, endless clicking does not participate in the film ?? Especially if the dialog is used as a view. Pretty much all the conversations in the film are long and protracted unnecessary. A notable example is some of the scenes that distinguish you from trying to play as a scout leader in order to get a discount at a store. Arguing with the writer back and forth and these scenes do not even offer an iota plot. This is the kind of thing that makes up to 75 minutes of film feel tall. <br /> <br /> The other problem in TWO HARBORS is representation. I may be a bit of a festival when it comes to performance in the film, but I do not really feel there is a good excuse for not having good actors in your films. There are a lot of good actors, many of them willing to work on low-budget projects? Even in Minnesota. Many filmmakers avoid the importance of representing power as secondary in their images, but this is naïve. In the feature film industry, next to the story, there is nothing more important than representation / performances. If you do not believe people who publish your story, your audience will be lost. <br /> <br /> Originally, I thought that Vculek was using non-actors, but with the continuation of the film, they decided they were probably a theater-type actors community. It was not that they were uncomfortable on the camera. It was an excessive play (no big deal). Granted, was the best two lead actors? Cole and Catherine E. Johnson in the role of Cassie, a single young girl stumbling into fishing outside the land of Vic. They seem to have gotten the most training, but they were still tough around the edges. The strangeness that was displayed on the surface only seemed - does not come from a real organic place inside. Ms. Johnson, in particular, is an interesting case. Does it definitely exist? The magic of the Midwest about her, but this charisma lies many issues that are supposed to have her personality. She struggles to portray the specificities that result from a supposed life of isolation and work (the slave?), Relying on stock gestures such as eye rolls, biting the lip and stuttering to suggest her dissatisfaction with the outside world. <br /> <br /> I mentioned in the first paragraph that TWO HARBORS is not without merit and that is what I mean. Without giving too much away, there is a fade to white clock in the film. After that, the story takes an amazing turn, which allows the last fifteen minutes to be powerful and exciting ?? It's like an intestinal sucker punch, but in a good way. It is a great pleasure to feel something after a long time with these characters. The last five minutes of the film has no dialogue at all, the result is the best part of the film? Subtle and detailed (Cole does his best for the film) and most importantly, cinematic. Then, with the closing credits comes the amazing revelation of all? It is based on a true story, which prompted me to think. With all the dialogue, minimal sites and lack of cinematic qualities, I happened to be with two reps kicking ass and rewriting tight, TWO HARBORS might make a truly impressive play? Maybe even one action. If there is any bold playwright reading this, I would definitely recommend seeing if you can get the movie and contact the director of the movie or the 13 or anyone else. Could there be something to this story after all? <br /> <br /> (For more information about this movie or any other Reel 13 movie, see its website at www.reel13.org)
