Genghis Cohen is a moderately armed British film about the German police commissioner of the late 1950s who was haunted by the specter of a Jewish comedian who died 15 years ago while serving under Hitler in the SS. The ghost returns and wants his murderer to live as a Jew to atone for the murders he committed. <br /> <br /> Otto, the German policeman, already knows the name of this ghost because, and the last thing he did before his death, he said, in Yiddish, "Kiss my ass." The policeman did not speak Yiddish, so he asked around him until he found the meaning. "Kiss my ass" left the impression that everyone involved in this killing knew and remembered the name of the comedian, Genghis Cohen. <br /> <br /> There is a group of men killed in the mandate of the police commissioner, and there is no useful evidence. The men are killed with a set of knives lost from the local butcher. The butcher announces that his knives are missing while the commissioner is in the store for a liver sandwich and onions, so the commissioner is suspected. The first man was killed during his love of the butcher's wife, so the butcher is the suspect. But the butcher asserts that it would be too busy if every man slept with his wife. All men are killed immediately after the peak of their love. <br /> <br /> I think I might have been slightly angered by the ghost of Genghis Cohen if he was killed as he was. It seems to be very extravagant about it, as if it were a simple car accident. I can only guess that this film is because it is a British film, and is known to be very polite people. He uses some of his material by guiding him in the waiting position, and I find her very funny. <br /> <br /> I gave this movie number 4 because it was just a kind of idiot. I thought it should have been a bit more dangerous than it was. It turned out that the film was a mystery to kill (where did this come from?), And Genghis seemed to have had to be more useful than he was. The film gave me a small look at Jewish culture, but it was only deep. Do all Jews like liver and onion sandwiches? Do they all say "shtoop" and "meshuganah" in their daily vocabulary? Are not there more important things to know about culture? <br /> <br /> I saw this movie at the center of a Jewish community in Berkeley, California, and I was the only person in the room whose hair was not entirely gray or white. (I do not have gray or white hair). We had 18 people, and after the film they stayed for 20 minutes to discuss the film. Two main concerns were expressed: 1. The film was very lukewarm and future generations may not understand the seriousness of what happened. 2. As Holocaust survivors die, future generations will not know what actually happened. I thought this second concern was ridiculous and I told them I think they do not have to worry because there are a lot of literature out there and there will always be people who love watching movies, like me. Six thousand people will not be forgotten by a very bad man. I write this last paragraph because they told me to tell others about my experience that day.
