There is nothing wonderful about this film, it is wonderful or intriguing, as his admiration reveals only ignorance of the real artistic cinema. How can you easily forget that the basic truth of this entire film is that these ugly and ugly people are. . . serial killer! If they have to cut off total strangers in order to "be family again," then we do not want them to be "family." Any part of that you had a problem absorbing? Why do we salute this filth? <br /> <br /> This ridiculous filth is what you do if you can not do art! One's head and life must be very empty while making a mistake in this shallow ferocity as "interesting". This is a camera without a brain. What really makes the artwork really great is the depth, the questioning of the status quo from an enlightened perspective of knowledge of history (or in this case, it is better to know anything!). Instead, it accumulates randomly on the ugliest images available in a world that is collapsing, thanks to this kind of empty, glamorous emptiness as "a wonderful reason it's out of reach, man!"). These same violent events are already happening, every day. They are not "just in the film". They refer to less spiritual people doing the same things to you. Do you want those things to do for you? The child could think about it, he does not need any imagination, he is not surreal. These slow craps do not contain content, say nothing - it's just the worst evening news, nothing new, nothing we do not know. It is the "clothes of the new emperor," hoping that there would be an insufficient number of uneducated children, proud of their inhuman behavior, to fly this dirty dirty. I can see my fans Mike, who is now in hiding: Teens smoking a series of twenty tattooing, with suspended metal holes in their faces, and their cognitive base is inversely proportional to their own intelligence. <br /> There is no plot for this - it is just an exploitation of the value of shock violence. There is no "hidden meaning" anywhere in this badly made film. It's good to explore a movie to see if you can find cinematic devices of a witty artistic nature, but you can not discover the hidden meaning if it is not there! To do this, you need to view and review a real movie piece. There is a PLENTY there, directed by Fellini, Bergmann, Vassbender, Herzog, Altman, Bonwell, Kurosawa, Lynch, Tarkovsky, Peter Greenway, Tarantino, Guillermo del Toro, Richard Linclater, Eishenstein, Aronovski, Gus van Sant, Soderberg. Why do not you see a real film of such giants? This wannabe director, Miike, will never make a film equal to one of the geniuses you've just listed because he has no talent! Anyone can slap some messy folly like "Visitor Q." Teenagers can throw it together in the afternoon! There is no message, no sense, no conspiracy, nothing at all. There are long lists of ART ART to learn from - but "Visitor Q" is not a technical film in any field. It has no content for it. It is just ordinary terror that accumulates on the other, and the point to remember about those heinous crimes is that these things happen every day, somewhere in the world. They are not so good because they are "just in the film". They refer to less spiritual people doing the same things to you. Do you want those things to do for you? To others? why? Because this world is already ugly, thanks to people who enjoy thinking about such horrific events. <br /> <br /> There are so many artistic films in Soooo to use your mind to disassemble, but you are wasting your talents through this strange story. There is no deeper meaning. There is nothing to analyze. Why continue trying? I spent almost 40 years watching almost every film I produced, and keeping up with all the new movies, but I never saw anything that did not make sense as such. This is not a fantasy or even a shock, because these kinds of events occur daily throughout the world. To make this movie, or even to review it positively, has caused more than 50 young young heads who do not know well to think it is "gorgeous". They may grow up believing that by persuading others, who may end up doing these things, convicted murderers often reveal how they began this way, by sensing the horror of this terrible inhumanity. Trust me in this, - I know well, and cool this piece of nonsense. Visitor Q has an authentic SNUFF feel, and I'm still not sure that it is not. <br /> <br /> Your actions have consequences. The world is already terrible enough. Some such violence may occur to you or to the socially irresponsible director who has spread in this fake film. Believe me, you will not think of it as "cool" when someone cuts your beauty into two halves!
