(Big spoils) I saw another movie from Takashi Miki, which was a very disturbing and brutal "test" that served as a study of Japanese ideals of femininity! In "Visitor Q" - which I think means "visitor question" - he examines the family unit in a very serious and disturbing way. Mike's surrealist attempt to see a dysfunctional family tries to be Linchian in terms of jamming and making films, but ultimately lacks style and intrigue. We, the public, are familiar with a strange set of scenarios from the opening scene with the father figure (Kenichi Endo - who was already good) paying for sex with his displaced daughter (Fujiko). Then, as the father returns home, the "visitor" (Kazushi Watanabe) is shocked at his head carrying a fairly large rock, both ending up in the family home. The mother (Shungiku Uchida) was beaten and intimidated by her son Jun Muto, who was beaten and intimidated by his schoolmates. When the visitor enters the house, it proves to be somewhat threatened as part of the unit. Eventually, the family begins to improve their relationship, with the help of the visitor, through breast milk and murder and retain a sense of family pride. <br /> <br /> There are other crazy scenes that bring the family closer together. It is an uncomfortable humor, but it is equally absurd, and it is at the top of its strangeness. There is a disgusting death scene, but it ends up being ridiculously funny as the scene progresses. Partly because of the situation itself, partly because you can not believe that the directors and actors actually do this! The film style is lousy to say the least, the plot is stupid and incredibly weak. The same characters are everywhere, and while I understand that this does not mean to be realistic, there is hardly any interest in these personalities and attitudes facing because they all come together absurd! The camera's work is filthy, and does not have this cinematic sensation that Lynch's work entails. It is difficult to take this film seriously at the level of surrealism, or to interpret the examination of the family unit in Japan. Miike seems to be shocked, and the film seems to realize that he is "trying" to be awful, and it becomes almost a joke. All in all, I would say that this movie is a strange dark comedy, but it seems and feels like an amateur, and seems to want to shock unnecessarily. The former Miike, Audition, was carefully balanced between the nasty horror and the evolution of character and technique - creating more intrigues in the way the film was made to allow the viewer to engage in the plot. "Visitor X" is a step down where it is extremely difficult to be a stranger and face deliberately, without having much to say in the process! <br /> <br /> ** From *****!
