I must say that this was a little awkward for the "Cowboy King"; in 1948, the picture emerged after a decade of first photographs of Roy Rogers in which he starred. Roy's character is evident in this character, along with the young star Jane Frazzy, whose allegiance changes between Roy and Robert Livingstone, who depicts the evil boss Bill Reagan. The whole story seems confused, with missed opportunities for what could have been an amusing hour or so. Such as the legend of 'Hangman's Hotel', for example, which says that the man who is besieged comes to life in the middle of the night. With Andy Devine in the Cookie Bullfincher team, you'll think the story will get a few miles from that group. Instead, you have some complicated procedures that could have been better provided if this was a Bowery Boys flick. It was a sad attempt to haunt a haggard hotel based on poor old Geniviev, who is told the truth, ended up getting a screen time bigger than Trigger, who had nothing to say about getting the "smartest horse in movies" upstaged by mule. Then you have Foy Willing and Riders of the Purple Sage to replace Bob Nolan and the pioneers of your music. I do not know about you, but it was already halfway to the picture and I was still looking for Pat Brady - OK! <br /> <br /> However, there is still an interesting element to be found here if you are looking hard enough and it turns out that this is a mathematical retreat of Roy in Trigger while still running away from the bad guys. Well, maybe that was a weakness, but I have never seen it before in a few hundred Westerners. <br /> <br /> Jane Frazzie is making the female lead in this picture, as she did in four other films against Roy in 1947/1948. In "Under California Stars," she appeared as one of Andy Devin's cousins, Caroline Bolvincher. She was never convinced of what you would enter in this story, as she began pretending to be someone she did not do, and ended up on the good side almost by chance. <br /> <br /> Fans of old Laurel and Hardy movies may be as surprised as I was by James Finlison here like Sheriff Sainton. I wanted to have more comedy comfort in his role, but he played it right after all. I had to wonder, when it was over, why it ended up with old Vandrol (Charles Coleman) in the mine column with a cookie when there was no reason for it. I think it's just a way to close it, thinking as much as it went to the rest of the picture. I hate to be tough, but if you see enough clicks from Roy Rogers, you have to know that this was not one of his best efforts. <br /> <br /> Say, Sintown - I wonder if this is the same place that grew up to be the City of Sin?
