Here are the matches. . . (adv. = feature) <br /> <br /> The Warriors (Ultimate Warrior, Texas Tornado and Legion of Doom) v The Perfect Team (Ax Perfect, Ax, Smash and Crush of Demolition): Ax is the first to go Seconds when the warrior is sprayed by the pin (3-4 Adv. Warriors). I knew that Alex was not a healthy man, but if he was not healthy, why did he bother him on the card? This will have his last PPV. Eventually, both Legion of Death and Demolition work out cheaply through dual exclusion (2-1 adv. Warriors). Perfect Perfect Plex applies to Texas Tornado for the pin. Then he tries himself on the warrior but the warrior does not sell them and shoot them. The warrior returns to a perfect pin and becomes the only survivor. 5/10 <br /> <br /> The Dream Team (Dusty Rhodes, Koko B Ware, The Hart Foundation v Million Dollar (Ted DiBiase, Mystery, Rhythm and Blues Partner): The Mystery Partner is The Undertaker, and for the first time, Get rid of Coco immediately with The Tombstone (Monsoon still succeeds in saying his correct length, weight and final movement while pretending not to know who he is) making him 4-3 for the Dibiase team.Honkey has finished for pin (3-3) and his career with the box Shortly afterwards, Niedhart became the victim of DiBiase with the help of Virgil (team 3-2 of the DiBiase team) - They left the top of the rope but did not let the brothers quietly attack, D is buried dead Dasti is subject to the count despite not being the legal man (team 2-1 of the Deppis team), almost immediately afterwards, Greg is discovered in the cradle by Hart tries to put the four-legged figure on him and gets installed, this goes back to Hart V Deborah se and after a few minutes of beautiful wrestling, Brett gets a reverse pass from the body of DeBiase.Dibyase is the only survivor.Right at least put in good use. 6/10 <br /> <br /> The Vipers (Jake "The Snake" Roberts and "Superfly" Jimmy Snuka and The Rockers) v Visionaries (Rick 'Model' Martel, Warlord and Power and Glory): After spending some time In the ring, Marty Jannetty got power by Warlord when he came out of the top of the rope for the pin (4-3 Adv. Visionaries). Snuka is installed in seconds by Martel who reverses the cross of his body (4-2 Adv. Insight). Michaels was captured in Power Plex and confirmed by Roma (4-1 adv. Visionaries). Roberts is now against four men who looks like his chain of survivors two years ago. Despite hitting Warlord with the DDT, Roberts gets chase after Martel. The Visionaries are the first team in the history of the Survivors series who survived as a team. It is not worth seeing here much to be honest because psychology has been rushed. 3/10 <br /> <br /> Hulkamaniacs (Hulk Hogan, 'Hacksaw' Jim Duggan, Bigbossman and Tugboat) v Natural Disaster (Earthquake, Dino Bravo, Barbarian and Hako): One Bossman defeated Haku early in the match. 3 adv. Hulkamaniacs). Duggan gets 2 in 4 after he hits the earthquake with her for eligibility (3-3). Bravo commits suicide shortly after allowing Hogan to crouch the pin (3-2 adv. Hulkamaniacs). It was only a short while later that they beat Busman with two drops from the elbow to the pin. Hogan gets over the end and Tugboat gets a sign (who knew he was there at this point?), Wrestling for about 30 seconds before being counted with the earthquake. Only Hogan and Berber left. The barbarian puts some mild irregularities but inevitably falls into the big shoe and leg in the pin. Hogan is the only survivor. 4/10 <br /> <br /> The Alliance (Nikolai Volkoff, Tito Santana and Bushwhackers) v Mercenaries (Sgt Slaughter, Boris Zhukov and Orient Express): All traders wore a faded face. Quick lightning pins here with Santana attached to Zhukov in his latest PPV in seconds (4-3 Adv. Alliance). There was not even a face Bolshevik. Strikers Strikers Sato struck with The Battering Ram although Tanaka was the forensic guy (4-2 Adv. Alliance) and would be the last appearance on the WWF PPV with Orient Orient Express. Tanaka Sato followed when Santana stunned the flying foreman (Alliance 4-1 advanced). Despite entering the ring against four men, however, Volkov (who ended his career thereafter), Butch and Locke were ruled out relatively easily. Finally, Santana excels at slaughter by exclusion when General Adnan beats him with Iraqi flag. In the end some of the booking is interesting although the game was awful. Santana takes the troubled victory as the only survivor and becomes his last hour. 3/10 <br /> <br /> Hatching eggs is Hector Guerrero in silly clothes. He dances with Jane O'Clolland and the crowd yells at him as Piper and Monsoon claim they enjoy him. <br /> <br /> Match of Survival: Ultimate Warrior, Hulk Hogan and Tito Santana v Warlord, Power and Glory, Rick 'Model' Martel and Million Dollar Man Ted Dibiase: Just another catalog of drawers like Santana Warlord In seconds with the flying forearm, at least, revenge for his previous defeat to Summerslam (Team 4-3 adv. Dibiase) Deppiase stunned Santana's defender then to the pinch team (4-2 advanced. Rome after the laundry line, effectively stopping Power & Glory (3-2 Advanced DeBiase) Hogan gets off Martel with the countdown and DeBiase drops the leg to the pin (Team 2-1 from the Hogan team). The boss in the game who quickly dispose of the former Hercules enemies after the splash.A very predictable end to the degree of nausea 2/10 <br /> <br /> In general, obviously a lot of games and very little time had a detrimental effect where he was Wrestlers are almost waiting on a conveyor belt to be installed.The most of the Heels were destroyed by Warrior and Hogan and it is a bad way to deal with a large list of wrestlers.
