Emmy Boehler and Rachel Drach are among the most delightful women on Saturday Night Live. It is unfortunate that they, along with Tina Fei and Maya Rudolph, were in the SNL channel during the longest period of exotic writing and drawings (about 2002-2006) at the show. However, these two women know in particular what is funny, and they know how to write a funny film. <br /> <br /> You will notice in the credits of this film that Drach and director Ryan Shiraki wrote the story about "Spring Breakdown," but who wrote the actual script, which consists of dialogue and all the important material that makes the story in a multidimensional film? Yes, only Shiraki. Only one man wrote a dialogue for this film, and apparently no women wrote the script with him. The result is a great Cliché movie for the Spring Break that does not spoil much of the supposed holiday as much as MTV uses it every year. <br /> <br /> If Dratch, Poehler and even co-star Parker Bossi could have contributed handwriting in the script, it was much less than the cliches. The hypothesis is original, with about thirty women who were unpopular in high school (and apparently too) have never enjoyed an alleged spring break. I say "pretend" because you never know what fun these characters are. In the past, they have entered talent shows where they sing pro-women's anthems like "True Colors" and spend their nights together at pizzas. Although none of them are particularly attractive, it seems that the outside world treats them as they are. There is a scene where a blind student of Poehler's (played by Will Weilnet's real life husband in Poehler) asks about a date, just touching her face and changing his mind instantly. If the personality of the Poehler is supposed to be unattractive, it is clear that the actress hired the mistake. <br /> <br /> The film continues to show promise, although we have doubts about the main characters, when Boss Bose, the Texas senator, Texas Senator Kay, appoints Bee 'Hartmann (Jane Lynch, ) Posey to watch her unpopular daughter of college age (Amber Tamblyn, playing the role of another attractive woman in real life, but not in the eyes of any characters in this film) goes to a vacation spot like Laguna Beach for a spring break. Pohhler and Dratch come reluctantly, reluctantly starting, as they must have been when they were in college, and then the final showdown with Sophie Monk's captive bats. <br /> <br /> Sophie Monk is an incredibly attractive woman who has both the body of women and men they will kill for various reasons. Unfortunately, her film career began at a difficult start with "Date Movie" (2006) and laughable "Click" (2006). Here, she plays the role of Southern Belle, although her voice seems to have stolen the Delta Burke Sound Fund. She is a little flattered, trying hard to play a wonderful role in playing, and very much like a caricature of pampered college children like the rest of the additions. <br /> <br /> Spring Springdown was released directly to DVD despite the strength of Amy Boehler's star, but rightly so because the story is very cliché. It may also be called "Spring Spring and National Lampoon Collapse," and the magazine may not have sued trademark infringement for free advertising. If director Shiraki gave at least one creative input, especially Rachel Drach, this was a wonderful film, almost like the comedy we've seen before. I know that Dratch will come up with another funny concept and hope that he will be allowed to fill the rest of the script himself. It's funny enough, and deserves better than this half-baked comedy that accepts Stefler's brother with open arms.
