I came out of this movie with the feeling that it could have been much better. Instead of being a tense story about a boy's battle for survival in the wild, it begins when the National Geographic documentary meets with the Columbia Declaration of Sports. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Brian (Jared Rochton) preparing for a flight by plane to see his father. His mother happily gave him a curious choice of grudges as a gift back and forth (what's wrong with Rubik's Cube?), And he does not know much about the need for it soon. As soon as he arrives on the plane, the pilot (a sudden, absent-minded veil from Ned Betty) suffers a fatal heart attack, leaving Bryan helpless as the plane crashes into a lake. Very lucky to practice walking (or rather swimming) away from damage, Brian must find shelter, food and hope in the rescue. <br /> <br /> Here begins the main problem in the movie. By the nature of Brian's isolation, Jared has very few lines to speak, and therefore the movie must be compensated for by escalating the tension in each scene. Instead, it appears as it walks around, sits, etc., with minimal risk. As a result, much reliance is placed on past memories of troubled parents' marriage as a source of tension. These scenes are just a way and do not add much to the story. Worse, sometimes Jared? His face is covered with mud - giving you primitive screams or two screams, evoking the unfortunate parallel of the "Predator". When talking about regret, we could have avoided seeing the mullet, but it should have helped keep it warm at night. <br /> <br /> Another disappointment is Pamela Sue Martin's performance is just as ineffective as a mother. Both she and the father have little influence in the film. For example, we never showed their reaction to the news of Brian's disappearance, how they could organize rescue attempts, and so on. This is just one source of tension it would have been better for filmmakers to explore rather than spend too much time in the events that occurred before Brian embarked on his journey.
