Another great star crew, another charming group, another well-known director, and the last one full of songs on top of the charts, but unfortunately, what's missing at the end of the day, a story that every cinematographer expects from such a big budget animation. Much of the noise is what was going on around the film before it was shown on the red carpet. This uproar that reached the extent of Anil Kapoor imagines that the film will be one of the finest love stories that took place after Deloël Dolanje Lu Gaienji. Hassan Anelji, what movie are you talking about? Well, the film revolves around 6 different couples and 12 different people, who have a completely different attitude to life, but despite their different approaches to life, they all have one common problem: love. Well already the subject of temptation. But little did we expect the film to be so smoky that it would disappoint the audience's recent expectations of such a multi-player film. These kinda movies that I totally disliked because after I spent a large amount to get a multiple ticket, I locked in the theater for only 4 hours waiting for the suffering that reached its climax. <br /> <br /> The problem starts right away. The manager feels so confused with the plot that somewhere he even feels puzzled about how to share the interval of six different stars. Some couples, such as Anil Kapoor-Juhi and Sohail Khan (whatever the female is opposed to), do not understand their presence in the film. Salman (who calls himself rahul in a strange way for the entire film .something good like Rahoooooool) again tries as usual to be wonderful with his accent Videsi kinda Hindi. Hi Sallu Bhai, Now after Aish marriage, at least go for some tips from Abhishek to improve your acting abilities. Simple stripping will not make the box office movie hits every time. Anilji stops shaving your trademarked beard or looks like an eunuch. Also, smoking a girl of your daughters' age seems as illogical as watching Jack Nicholson in a romantic film. Please avoid Nikhilji placing such excess scenes in a film that is absolutely unnecessary in the shot. <br /> <br /> The other major drawback of the film is that there was no perfect synchronization between the stories of the different couples. . Each story in itself seems to be taken from different clicks, collected to form a sadistic plot for the peace of love. Bollywood still has to learn a lot from films such as Snatch, Memento where the director knows the ideal art of interconnected different unrelated sequences to form a perfectly blended story. <br /> <br /> Somewhere during the evaluation of the trial version of the film, the film predicted that the film would not be good because the title of the movie was more than 28, and 28 was a bad number in the semantics. But I stand quite by saying that the film will fail not because of the flaws of the numbers, but because of the countless flaws that persisted in the film. When the director like Nikhil Advani can make such terrible mistakes in the entire story of the film, it would be no wonder the film was saved from the box office bombing. <br /> <br /> My suggestion to all you guys is, please avoid watching this movie at any price. Not worth the pie you pay for the ticket. There are already better movies on the stage and worth watching than Peace of Love.
