Six at one price! So it is a good time for Cinegoers. is not it? Here are not one, not two, but all SIX-love stories, a collection of Bollywood's best stars, plus all the stories in this genre of your favorite directors, Johar, Bhansali, Chopra and others. You'll see every damn love story you've enjoyed or tolerated for years now. So no big deal for you. Do you need anything more than this? No sir, thank you. Why sir? Enough is enough. Please spare us. They have signed every prominent star they can sign, whether they are wanted or not, so they end up creating a circus of stars, believe it or not. Very busy Everything shown here is exactly how it is described in a Bollywood book of romances. In addition, you should justify the length given to each story, as each has stars. So, they are too long three hours plus. Gynecological Gout. The characters are diabolical. Problems, barriers, positions, decision ?? Yes I guessed it right, again? Experimental and tested membranes. The same hundreds of dancers dance in colorful costumes in the background. Why do not they have another job to do? All sugary sweet couples, fairy tale type, perfect picture. All look good. Every story begins in a perfect way, and therefore must also end in such an impossible ideal way? Very random. You can not connect to a single story. Here you have everything I've already seen a million times. Fake and unreal life stories are natural for more than a hundred years since the development of Indian cinema. What a mockery of the feelings of the public today? Yes it could have been a parody if he had only praised the love stories of yesterday but even this thing had not been explored. At least, director Nikhil Advani should have tried an unusual unconventional love experience, but what would happen to the tradition of living up to the brand of commercial glazed grinding trays? Oh! Someone to continue, no. Imagine the hand of the audience finds it difficult to sit through one love story and here we have six times the pain. I mean six damn stories. I mean doubling the frustrating fun of Chopra (2000) in this age and time, get something real guys. We now need to see some people who are not colored or bright. Oh, what I just said, come on entertainment. My advice, please do not waste your time from now on reading such reviews. Go instead, get more entertainment! thank you.
