Who are these "they" - the actors? Cinematographers? Certainly the audience can not be - this is among the most air-puffed productions in existence. It is the kind of film that seems to be very fun to shoot ?? TOO Very fun, no one does any real work, and that's always made for a movie that is not fun to watch. <br /> <br /> Ritter dons glasses In order to highlight his character as a kind of doppleganger from Bogdanovic, glasses are adorned by Ms. Straten, but she has an awkward feeling, and I feel that I am returning to the prom queen for them. Ben Jazara proves his usual smile to the cats in a futile attempt to raise the meager conspiracy, which requires him to pursue Audrey Hepburn with all interest in a drug in the insomnia clinic. In the meantime, the children of the newlyweds (the nepotism alert: Bogdanovich's daughters) are pleasant and pick up some rather disturbing signs of "love" while watching their parents. (Mrs. Hepburn, based on her dignity, has been able to rise above actions - but she faces the enormous challenge of playing herself, ostensibly). Everyone looks great, but what about it? It's a movie we can expect a lot, if that's what you're looking for, it's better for you to get a copy of Vogue. <br /> <br /> Oh - and we must mention that Colleen Camp bothers you completely, even apart from singing it, which, though qualified, is not entirely convincing ... The numbers of the country and the West do not correspond to the standards found in soundtracks. This is certainly not what Gershwin (who wrote the song that derived the title of the film) put it into account; his musical plays in the 1920s may be minor, but at least they were long in magic. "They all laugh" trying to get on their good intentions, but no one - at least Peter Bogdanovich - has a good sense of putting the brakes. <br /> <br /> Much of it is due to the tragic death of Dorothy Straten. This film has a special place in Mr Bogdanovich's heart - he bought it from its producers, then distributed it alone and broke it when his popularity was not proven. His rise and fall is among the most sympathetic and tragic Hollywood stories, so there is no joy in criticizing the film ... There is a real emotional investment in Ms. Straten's scenes. But "Laughter" is a faint echo of "The Last Picture Show", "Paper Moon" or "What's Up, Doc" - after "Daisy Miller" and "At Long Last Love," it was an amazing confirmation of the stage of PB not showing Start. <br /> <br /> All in all, although the film is harmless, it is a waste of leasing. I want to see people having fun, I'll go to the park on a sunny day. For the cinematic expression of joy and love, I will be committed to Ernest Lubitch and Jack Demi ...
