This is a sad film made for sad people. I was sitting in the theaters rupturing my hair, I wanted to break the chairs in front of me while the film was broadcasting scenes after another. There were people walking around laughing behind me, which made me wonder what kind of movies those people should watch to enjoy this horse. <br /> <br /> Nikkhil Advani has six stories without a plot and no interesting characters. The film's screenplay is dull, and maybe he was drunk when he was writing this film. There is no strong comment on any of these stories. Nothing new, nothing to hold the audience and full of dialogue that you've heard a million times before. One story revolves around the couple's inability to have sex because of the series of disasters that occur every time they want to do. I mean seriously is this story really required? It's not funny, not creative, but only proves that Advani has no sense of comedy. Another story (perhaps the only one I've been interested in) is based on a man's betrayal and ends up in the nonsense of the old sati-pati-parmeshwar. I have no idea what Salman Priyanka's plot was. There was no problem in the conspiracy to be a plot. She can not film Karan Johar because she should marry Salman ?? Why do not you marry him and still take the film ?? Or does Advani and Priyanaka want to prove to the world that in fact female actresses can not succeed if they are married or should not they work in movies as soon as they get married ?? With six actors in the film, it is clear that Advani is unable to produce the film on his own. So he takes full advantage of sponsors such as The Times, where he uncritically promotes their own film magazines. As well as some of the jewelry brands that appear to be the woman in the film loves her !! I came to IMDb to give it the worst rating and I am shocked to see the posts praising the film. It just goes to show the sad Bollywood situation and how the stars hit the masses. With such audiences, a film industry such as Salam Izhak will continue, and perhaps the worst.
