The problems of the peace of Aishani in Nikhil are many. The one-line concept that looks good on paper (which also worked in an earlier English film, Love Actually) makes a terrible mistake by inadequate and shallow writing. A well-intentioned idea is crushed to their owners under the weight of their own ambition. The fully besieged director goes through his first acclaimed film, along with the instruments that worked in his previous film (Kal Ho Na Ho) - try calculating the number of times a screen splitter is used at this click. The problem is - what happened in Kal Ho Na Ho is the emotional abuse of Karan Johar's filmmaking school, but here, "Passion" does not give us its appearance on the screen - no, not even violent. The writer / director gives us "six relationships with one common problem - love," but where is the intensity, where is the depth, where is the "passion"? "Greeting Love" without feelings? One goes on and lengthens ... ... FT, can not only work! <br /> <br /> In my opinion, the basic condition of such a portmanteau film is to work not only in the fact that each individual story is "complete", but in one way or another follow the graph of the traditional tri-verb structure Screen, master field model). This is the real reason why Ishak did not work with me. None of these stories had any depth or unexpected journey from the emotional ups and downs one would expect in mainstream Indian cinema. Also, the link between some stories seemed very weak and compelling. It is not clear what Salman Khan is doing at Aisha Taqiya's wedding. If he is required to be present at the wedding venue for a neat closing ceremony, why not conjure up some other coincidences and bring other couples to the wedding? That would be better. <br /> <br /> But yes, some stories have a lot of promise. On the one hand, the story of Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chawla tries to address a very real situation - the midlife crisis, but its journey is so linear that you wonder if this is really a problem. Similarly, the problem of commitment in the story of Akshaye Khanna-Ayesha Takia is real in life. Unless it is developed a little better. I felt that the most promising stories in this prey were listed from the point of view of men, which is good, but it mitigates the emotional value of these stories because the female characters - Juhi Chawla and Tacia in particular - have all the depth of the bathtub half-filled. Was not this film supposed to be about "12 Different Lives"? Now the actors. John Abraham still needs to learn acting, while Vidya Balan is dependable and loves her as always. Anil Kapoor gets a written role for him only, but he often gets bored with his character. Since she did not get a fatal character to portray, Juhee Chawla uses her charming smile and natural acting style to cover her up. Akshay Khanna is fine though trifling on top in a few sights. Aisha does not have much to do, but she reminds us that she is the same girl who surprised us with her brave performance in a role. Govinda tries to compensate for this huge error named Bhagam Bhag, and succeeds largely. <br /> <br /> This leads me to the most disturbing track of the film (which undoubtedly ends up increasing screen time) - Salman Khan and Brianka Chopra. The track is mainly annoying because of them. But I have to credit for their consistency. They constantly BAD it all through the film. Priyanka can be the next queen of Haming - I do not buy crap that her role (the role of "girl elements") requires her to act too much. Someone should tell her about the difference between being inflamed because the personality requires it and the full hammering. If you see Rakhi Sawant (who seems to inspire this role) in her interviews with Bigg Boss, you'll know what I mean. I feel strongly that if Nikhil Advani took Rakhi Sawant's role in this role instead of a bigger star like Priyanka, the story would have worked better. Salman Khan's pseudo-dialect is ..... well, Shannon Esraa Hindi is less tone than Salman. <br /> <br /> To be fair to the director, he can add some good touches to the film. I particularly liked the use of gray as the color of the story of Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chawla as a metaphor for their boring existence, and the bright colors that come in the story with the arrival of other women. But will anyone choose to paint his house in mixed gray colors? This is an acceptable film license I would say. But when the film continues for about four hours, the director seems to be trying very hard to give the audience a glimpse of a "touch" of an endless curvy montage of the uninspiring sequence. <br /> <br /> Nikhil may want us to sit in the theater as long as it is humanly possible, like he is us.
