"Baptists at Our Barbecue" is the best film ever made. Now, I have drawn my attention to this horrific inaccurate statement which should be a pending offense. If you speak, let me start with a brief overview of a large piece of spam filled with boredom, offensive and boring that I think you can think of in a movie. First of all, the low budget for this foul smell is quite clear based on the very bad direction that Christian Voiza lacks, the vulgar scenario, excessive preaching, Matthew Smith. I despise really because it sends a message in favor of Mormons, and some kind of religious messages hostile to all others. Yes, the story revolves around a small town half full of Mormons and half full of Baptists. It shows that all the main characters and the actress are the Mormons, that they are nice and perfect, yet are picked up by evil Baptists and Plotters. It shows how beautiful the Mormons are and how the baptized Baptists and the ignorant, instead of showing a little solidarity will be appropriate and realistic. I am part of any of the religions (I am actually an atheist), but this misjudged me, along with innumerable Baptists most likely. It shows the Baptists as very unfriendly and unwelcome to the Mormons, and that the Mormons accept much, again, in fact, there is a mutual hatred between them. Sorry, I did not mean to flop too much. <br /> <br /> Acting was another aspect of the "Baptists in our restaurant". The performances are very amateurish and abnormal, especially female lead Heather Beers. Miss Bears stumbled on her way through her role without any passion or feeling in her turn, and I was not very impressed with Dan Mirkley, who is the main character in this mysterious film, but I must say he is more talented. Or show more talent in this film then Heather Beers. Everyone who played Sheriff City was also awful. Although there is a big laugh deep in the film, it is full of clichés. For example, the main character, Tartan (Merkeley), finds consolation with an Native American who always offers him the best advice on things related to the tribal way of life - how is this smile? To make the situation more pathetic than cliche, buy a poor Tartan, the only single puppy dog. Ugghhh! <br /> <br /> If you want my advice, stay away from the "Baptists in the BBQ" as much as possible. I saw him on the shelf and thought he would be nice and very fond of religion. All I got was a piece of crap. B (great); B (very good); B (great); B (great); B- (Not good); C + (mixed bag); C (average); C- (disappointing); D + Big of Hollywood feces).
