The concept of a horror film made for television is more ridiculous than words, but hey, it was late seventies and literally all the stupid horror formulas were very lucrative, so why not use the idea of ​​a devilish dog? Easy to describe a "Devil Dog" plot for fans of this kind of horror: Just think of "The Omen" and replace the newly born boy with a nest of German Shepard puppy! Seriously, I'm not kidding, that's what the film is about! During the opening sequence, members of some sort of satanic worship buy a dog in heat just to be drunk by Satan himself. You think the Lord of Darkness has other things in his mind of adultery with the German Shepherd and controlling the world of one evil puppy at the time, but apparently not. Just like the small Damien in the film "The Omen", one of the puppies is taken by a typical family and grows up to become a beautiful and attractive animal. But Lucky? Is this the dog's name? Is pure evil and filtering annoying neighbors and school teachers curious in ways derived and fully implemented. His malignant personality also infects the family's wife and children, but he can not force the father (Richard Kerena) to hold on to his arm in weeding because he is "a chosen person." The whole thing becomes very dangerous for words when Crenna eventually travels to Ecuador to look for an old fresco and gets advice from an old English-speaking wizard. I think he learned to live in isolation on top of the mountain all his life. Director Curtis Harrington ("What's up for Helen" and "Ruby") and actor Richard Crane ("Wait for Darkness" and "Evil") is trying to create a climate of ambiguity and ambiguity, but all this is futile. Scenes such as the eyes of a nice puppy automatically set fire to a Spanish maid or a dog who dodges bullets without even making laughter rather than fear, and not even musical melodies can come across it. The "special" effects are pathetic, especially near the end when Satan's dog turns into a completely cheesy shadow on the wall. "Devil Dog" is a really stupid film, but it's funny to see him late at night with some friends and lots of alcoholic drinks. There are short amusing episodes of Martin Besswick ("Dr. Jekel and Sisters Hyde") as an awesome cult queen and R.G. Armstrong ("the car", "the package") as an evil fruit seller, vegetables and puppy. And yes, that annoying daughter is the same kid who explodes and complains about her ice cream in Carpenter's "Attack on Station 13".
