As expected, the Mazursky film produced in the 1970s would be equivalent to culture, sympathetic to hippies - and has many hippies in it - and, of course, it is hostile to autocratic children (such as Mexico's border landscape, when Sutherland provokes a customs officer through Give little respect and then accuse the latter of making him open his bags just because he (Sutherland) has long hair). Sutherland was speaking aloud to his family and friends about possible film ideas for his next film, most of which were either black or Indian (needless to say, he would be welcome with open arms in Hollywood Today). One of his cinematic ideas revolves around a black uprising in Beverly Hills - an ethnic war, so to speak, in the middle of L.A. This is the kind of nonsense that Mazursky thinks when writing scripts for his films. Fortunately, some of my Hippie friends in Sutherland make fun of the black revolution hypothesis, and the resulting dialogue is not bad; shortly thereafter, the Jewish man makes a rift about Sutherland making a film about "The Secret Habit and the Black Problem" when the latter begins to talk about masturbation. Another funny moment is when Sutherland's grand daughter takes on some computer folly on stage with her white school colleagues, all of whom say, "We, the blacks of the Republic of South Africa ...". <br /> <br /> There's always a bit of self-indulgence when Hollywood makes a film about Hollywood - especially when Hollywood makes Hollywood films about Hollywood movies. Now, this is really very full, really. The scene with Fellini (playing himself) is more fun than annoying, though. Mazursky sends the counterfeit waffle children to Vietnam in the flower soup, also enjoys the corporate Hollywood, but he / she was part of the "fake Hollywood" (lyrics of that song in the Surreal War) piece) like anyone else. I'm sure he also makes a fake interview at the Beverly Hills concerts and smiles vulgarly while shaking hands with people he does not know or like, but who wants his money badly for his next (left) fiance. As for his hair: He has the worst hair I have seen in a very long time (in the film or anywhere else); similar to the kind of long hair that the accountant would occupy in middle age if he grew up. The film is still relatively enjoyable although it is not intended, but it hinders the boredom in the last third. If you want to read the spoof / biography of Donald Sutherland (and other Hollywood actors), contact me by email.
