Offering a deadly set of terrible writing, terrible representation and terrible trend, it is very important whether Kinjite: forbidden subjects too bad or too bad. It looks as if someone has participated in a competition to shoot the most fragile Cannon movie. As if a peek at the list of actors, including characters such as Lesbian Pedophile, Perverted Gentleman and Porno Actress, was not enough, it's your chance to see Charles Bronson's policeman throw a low life on a bed and pick up a dildo - There is nothing wrong, as the cries outside the screen show that he is torturing him only for information. After all, even if he is overly protective of his kind Catholic daughter, he is a gentle Catholic policeman who regularly presents a local Catholic priest William O'Connell with a luncheon that is faithful to poetic justice - or at least making sure that the wicked end can provide maximum security for the highest-rated guests Safety to give them their own taste. But that's what you get to tell him "Look, I think you're pretty unstable." However, when he offered a bribe later, he may quarrel "I want to light this ass, but I do not want to destroy my hand." He has clearly learned where to draw the line; instead, he makes only him eat a $ 25,000 watch and set fire to his car Cadillac. Even the obsession of the anus to the title of the film: Despite the poster showing a naked Japanese girl on a pornographic film set, the only direct example of the film about kingaite / forbidden topics, as the English teacher at Alex Hyde White explains to a group of Japanese businessmen, He talks about bowel movements in a polite society. <br /> <br /> Brunson is not only too old for this, because the opening battle makes it very clear, it is very old to love Peggy Lipton, and it seems old enough to raise children. A better actor than he ever got the credit for giving him the right stuff, he did not have a well-studied character from a series of horrendous retro quirks. When he does not expand the suspects' circles, they are accidentally dropped until they die on the sides of the buildings. It certainly is not P.C. Copper, with a special aversion to the Japanese - as if it was not bad enough because they are buying American companies, what's worse, they are standing in a public park! No ethnic minority is assaulted, whether by black pimps or by a Pakistani hotel clerk, there is no indecent peddling policeman, whether he knocks his fist on the table or a dead meat partner (prominent Lopez and his very bad hair coloring that the bill screen pays off on its own ). Double Plotting Threads - Bronson Policeman L.A. Trying to take down Juan Hernandez's pimp who deals with underage girls and the obsessed Japanese businessman James Pax? Take a long time to intertwine, and then in the most likely ways: after she stopped feeling Brunson's daughter on a bus ("touching some Oriental man from the Mass!"), In the idea of ​​poetic justice Pax finds his own daughter kidnapped by Hernandez. Half expecting the writer to shout his head around the corner of the screen and say, "How do you like apple dia?" <br /> <br /> Somewhere under all laziness a germ is a good idea even if it has been developed so muddy that it is not quite clear what this idea really is, but the implementation is Rising Sun: The version of Archie Bunker, filmed as if Out of the track of a music video of the 1980s, with a terrible and hilarious portrayal of the final result of the sudden preparation, which sees a small army of machine-gun fire suddenly leading to an increase in the number of unexplained bodies. Another of Brunson's mostly bad in various collaborations with J. Thompson? Unfortunately Thompson's last film as a director - it's a bad sign for real undervalued players that increasingly does not seem to have that distinction about the pictures they said yes to.
