Blood Legacy begins with the arrival of lawyer Tom Drake (Norman Bartold) to the property of Dean formerly owned by Christopher Dean (John Carradine), who is now deceased. Upon arrival, he was received by the children of Mr. Dean, Gregory (Geoff Morrow) and his wife Laura (Mary Anders) (Fath Dumberg), Johnny (Richard Davalos) as well as Leslie (Brooke Mills) and Villa Carl Eisenberg (John Smith). Drake plays a record of the wishes of the late father after his death. The $ 136 million estate will be divided equally among his four children. If one dies, the money will be divided equally between the rest. If all of them are to die the terrible servants Elga (Ivy Bethune and Igor) Buck Kartalian) and more of the so-called Frank (John Russell) will carry a lot. Well, I'm not satisfied with a quarter-share of $ 136 million (still close to $ 35 million in 1971 that does not seem too bad to me) a person who decides he wants everything for themselves and not long before the head-to-head fridge ... < <br /> <br /> Amalni disappointed in writing two books, produced and directed by Roy Monsoon Blood Legacy. For starters, this is Legacy of Blood, an alternative and more common title for this film, which is also the title of a mysterious horror film directed by Andy Milliagn again in 1978 and which I always wanted to see. Both films are mixed regularly where stories When I checked the cable TV guide on the screen for Legacy of Blood, I was excited because he said it was Milligan and even listed it as a director. When I sat down to watch it and heard John Carradine's voice and then I knew it was not the Miligan film I wanted to see, my heart sank. Then, of course, there is a simple but undeniably simple fact that Blood Legacy is a sometimes trivial and sometimes painful piece of nonsense. The script by Monson & Eric Norden is slow, tedious and highly predictable. The characters are quite strange in an annoying way, obsessed with the server who asks his sister (?) Sugar cane, the alien bunch of Brother's & Sisters who are not quite welcome and removed from reality so much that any tension or ambiguity of the simple whodunit story he could have been missing , Then there is an awful end you can guess during the first ten minutes. It's boring to watch, and it's a bad pace and it's just a routine job to even think about it. Please, someone saves me because these are really bad things. I could have continued all day about how bad the legacy of blood is, I really can. <br /> <br /> The director Monson either worked on a budget that did not exist or judging through it, he did not have to direct traffic. The entire film looks ugly, filmed badly, and there is no atmosphere or fear. Blood and tame glaucoma, there is an ax in the head, head is cut off, and a scene when someone has been tinged to death by wasp and best murder when someone's face is eaten by piranha. However there are question marks about this scene, so there is the victim, right. There's a piranha tank, right. The victim's head is placed in the Piranha tank on the right. Pirna eat the victim's face, true. The water is still quite clear although the victim said that his face may eat, where is the blood? <br /> <br /> Technically the legacy of blood is terrible, it sounds awful, and obviously the sound has been filmed live and it's muted and it's hard to hear any terrible dialogue thinking maybe a convincing blessing. No one has ever won the awards, and the least is said to be the best. <br /> <br /> Blood Legacy is a terrible film, in fact there is not one positive aspect to it or if there I can not think of it. Do not worry about this, there are much better movies.
