The spoilers *** With a group of family members and the late Dean Christopher Dean, John Carradine, to hear his last will and testimony, they got a rather upset that the Dean's wealth, about 140 million. The money must be divided between them but only after spending a week at the Dean's Palace successfully. There seems to be a muddle in the story when we later discover that they really sleep overnight, not leave for weeks, at the palace so guests qualify for debt money since almost everyone ends up at sunrise. The first victim of Dean Curse's curse has nothing to do with Christopher Dean's money and departure, local police chief Dan Garcia and Rodolfo Acosta. The head of Acosta was cut off from the fridge and then served on a platter for a group of surprise guests. Later that evening, a few cute Chin were found by Gregg and Lauraz, Jeff Morrow and Mary Anders, a small dead pet outside floating in the pond. <br /> <br /> The movie features all the people who live in Dean Manchen. One by one until it is detected who is really deadly. Then we have what looks like a double twist in the story where the original killer is suddenly killed with two last guest left. The real killer ends up not only looting $ 140 million, but ends up not having to split him up with his partner by doing, or she, by giving him a SAMA cookie that kills him instantly. No sense of doing so, the haunted house film, with a group of unethical and unwanted characters, even the mother, much less than the audience, will have difficulty admiring. There is everything you can think of in this step that includes selective guests who include S & M S & M and of course dual dealing and stabbing so murder is not considered. You can not care less than who survived to gather Dean's fortune at the end of the movie hoping all hope then does not do any of them. <br /> <br /> Even the big surprise at the end is not 'really, I was surprised a lot since the identity of the killer has unfolded after the filmmaker forgot to keep his face in the shadows until you see who he is even before he reveals himself! Then, we have a plot story that kills the killer with a number of remaining guests just to make the film more confusing, then it is already. The final plan, which you can see from a distance of up to ten miles, was just to show the intelligence of the obvious killer who did not fool anyone watching the movie.
