I rented a video from "The Piano Teacher" I know nothing about except what was written in the video box. I did it with some fear because the films that won prizes at Cannes were very good or very bad. Unfortunately, this one falls into the latter category. About a quarter of the way to that, I found myself saying aloud, "This movie is boring." Almost halfway, I said to myself, "Where did you see this before?" In the three chapters that I calculated. <br /> <br /> Despite his literary origins, this film is essentially a new version of Robert Altman's film Too Early (1969), and Best, "That Cold Day in a Park." Although the details differ clearly and that Altman's work was driven by the plot and more than a study of the characters, the two films are objectively identical. There is nothing "new" that can be seen in this production. Every aspect of it has been done by: an out-of-control personality with increasingly destructive behavior (Abel Ferrara's "Bad Lieutenant" 1992); an "oblique" love, condemned and culminating in a death scene (David Cronenberg's "M. Butterfly" 1993); unusual sexual scenes (David Velvet, 1986); and so on. Thus, I am upset by the fact that many have found that the film is "shocking", "broken" and so on. It seems that this highly derivative film has been made for the sole purpose of making viewers feel uncomfortable and their success with some. However, I largely attributed this reaction to the lack of experience watching movies. Watch enough movies and you will see everything in the end. Although it is true that I saw the classified version of the category "R", I doubt that the additional scenes will change my general opinion about "The Piano Teacher." <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is not without merit. There are some very good camera work and excellent lighting. The performance of Isabelle Huppert also helps the supervisor save it from the waste of time. This is the first Haneke movies I have seen, and if I want to see more, I expect to have the same opinion that I have about Ferrara: a sexy director but not nearly the genius who made it. Rating: 4/10.
