I have rented this shortly after renting a "parcel" of Stein Stein and I think it would be interesting to compare them. Before I go further, it seems fair to refer to the following so that the reader can know if you are biased or not. I try to be objective to the record. <br /> <br /> I tend to enjoy a skilful show at HBO every now and then, although I rarely think it's a source of humor. I do not really care about his position either. But it shows some good points in the show from time to time, and I was impressed with the "politically incorrect", although it was still politically correct (which I consider negative because the term seems "Orwellian" or at least fascist). As for my religious views, I will say for simplicity that I am not forbidden. Christian with some objective views and others mixed. <br /> <br /> However, this "documentary" is bad for reasons that have not yet been addressed by many reviewers - although that is also valid. The reason it is not convincing is that it discusses the main point without allowing others to speak (and its point of view is also illogical, it's just "Come on, really?") It's not just a point, just a question. Try David Hume if you want a decent argument.). The reason that this is unconvincing lies in his lack of experts on the subject. I have seen this for about two months and only mention it when speaking to someone whose credentials were mentioned as a professional if he was not a cleric. There are likely to be hundreds of scholars or at least professors with a master's or doctoral degree willing to do some verbal spying, especially in the fields of history, anthropology or a group of others. <br /> <br /> If we compare this to Ben Stein's "Expulsion: Intelligence is not allowed", Stein will meet about 30 professors, professionals, clerics, and so on. It does this with a variety of sources with different backgrounds. As he pointed out in his film on freedom of thought and education. Maher had easily referred to the errors committed by the theocratic regimes over the centuries or the persecution of them. Instead, he refers to the authoritarian secular regimes of the 20th century as evidence of why secularism needs more social and political power !!!! (It's in the bonus features that stand in front of Anne Frank's house, I think.) It's a real Orwellian trip. Blames Christianity in particular for many senseless deaths - which were its share, although they are much smaller than most !! - without even including a basic view of the evidence. Perhaps this is because this argument is dwarfed by its miserable record of secular humanity in the twentieth century alone. <br /> <br /> Another obvious weakness is his unwillingness to talk to anyone who can be considered a moderate or "moderate" practitioner. He chooses the weakest deer of the herd. How difficult is this? How can there be any exceptions to moving towards refuting the general rule? That did not happen. Wow, so people in the sects think outside the rule? How enlightening to find out this. Great work skillful! Again, it would be fairly easy to interview someone like Laurence Vance and include his work in refuting the idea of ​​a "national duty" that requires someone to fight in any war involving his country. <br /> <br /> Behind all this, it's not just funny here. Some cross-sectional "smart" out-of-context / non-convergent ways may give rise to laughter, but often work to illustrate how the real context argument of the next master will not be less persuasive. Spends most of his time beating Christians, talking about inaccuracy, and interviewing marginal groups that are not allowed to really answer his questions. <br /> <br /> For the record, there are good questions to ask honestly about the clerics and many have to ask about themselves. Almost none of these things were touched. I felt I could better respond to most of his questioning than the people I met, but it was all about stacking the deck in terms of what was included and what was edited.
