I've been loving everything to Bill Maher for 15 years but this film was disappointing and sometimes disgusting. Of course, I am a Catholic, I come from a well-educated family and go to the church of my own accord, which probably puts me in the end with a few Bill's views. <br /> <br /> Bill's problem is that he assumes that religion is uniformly negative. It is right to document its social aspects, that is, one religion builds its holidays on another, and that many wars have started because of religion (or more accurately, through men's evil appeals to absolute and unquestionable authority to God) Never to his positive side. Quite frankly, I think hell will be frozen before Bill ever humbles and travels to the slums of Calcutta where Mother Teresa has spent her life working with the poorest of the poor. He is now dead of course, but he can easily visit the Jesuit pastor in East Los Angeles, who runs Homeboy Industries, who usually works with young people with gangster and prison backgrounds to teach them professional skills, remove tattoos, become community members or visit the Catholic Studies Institute Which brought together some of the finest theologians, diplomats and investment bankers to study ways in which the world's poorest countries can be ethically integrated into global capital markets and thus improve the standard of living for half of the world's population who are aware of Wen on less than one dollar per day. Of course he will not, because it will require him to think of evidence that is not easily commensurate with his preconceived beliefs about religion, and that it is much easier to continue to offer superficial superficial jokes. <br /> <br /> This fits in with the other big problem in Bill's film, that he does not subject himself to anyone at his level or who is better than him. In this film, Maher Maher Cornell spends most of his time talking to truck drivers at the stop of the non-sectarian Christian truck, in a night club with a Dutch man smoking pot all the time, with the Miami front-door church minister who claims to be a reincarnation of Christ, Jesus in the Park "Holy Land". <br /> <br /> What you will not see in Bill's film, along with some surface speculation coupled with a PhD at Grand Central Station that religion is chemically altering the brain as drugs do and that religion is falsified traditions caused by the masses, is what kind of serious interviews Questioning with professors of philosophy and theology from schools such as Notre Dame, BYU, or Wheaton College, which could easily interrupt his eloquence in the debate on the issue. You will not see any serious discussion of any of C.S. Lewis, G.K. Chesterton, or any papal publications, and of course there will be no discussion at all of any non-Abrahamic religions (Judaism, Christianity, and Islam) at all. All you will get at the end of the day is an example of a textbook for an arrogant arrogant elite on the western side of Los Angeles making a film for its own kind and never having any understanding of the intestine level. Whatever the shape of the other half of America, George W. Bush, Live their lives or around the school of thought behind them. <br /> <br /> I get a lot of what Bill says, but for someone with his mind and influence, this film was nothing less than pathetic. Anyone interested in the kind of intellectual agitation brought by independent documentaries can find more stimulation in the old rerun of Teletubbies.
