Some funny bits, but come Bill! Movie? Quoting Zeitgeist? Preserving PBS interviews, but a film? I may be exaggerating in my reaction but what a provocative film is unnecessary ... I do not know. I laughed, opposed, agreed ... This film is very confusing and inconsistent. <br /> <br /> Bill is a funny man ... but also very cocky ... Bill's language resembles Bill Hicks, the wonderful comedian. But like many comedians, the dividing line between comedy and preaching may be troublesome. I think the main problem with this film is its lack of sensitivity. This may be just a personal taste, but the comedy that constantly denies someone can not really be considered. It is clear that Bill reacts emotionally with religious fundamentalism. I agree with Bill that religious intolerance is not reasonable, but the answer can not be reasonable. Will create unnecessary disturbances. We can do better than just respond to fundamentalism. His conclusion is that "we do not know" and he is trying hard to convince the viewer that no one knows anything, so much so that the non-Adriatic society was interested in his lack of serious research in comparative religion. His humility, which he only knows is not, is a contradiction because he tries to insist that all religious thought is illogical. <br /> <br /> I encountered a big problem seeing parts of Zeitgeist, the film in Bill's film. All the sense of influence in astronomy that simplifies all religions as is the case is disappointing. Zeitgeist raised a lot of controversy and spoiled the validity of much of the scholarship of valuable religious studies. It is very sad how the wrong facts were thrown without reliable scientific sources. The mystical astronomical sources that reduce everything to "stars say it all" seem to date back to the Middle Ages. This film is a confusing statement of "Do not know" confused. Agnosticism is more complex and academically philosophical than defending every issue as "we do not know". <br /> <br /> This film is a clear demonstration of the ability of postmodernism to simplify and mainstream key issues in human history. <br /> <br /> Watch the movie (contains fun interviews and dividers) but please do not act like Bill. You can not expect anyone to have a mature conversation if you are making sarcastic comments on every other line. His methods of argumentation are insulting and insulting, provoking emotional reactions rather than logical and logical arguments. There needs to be a more mature way of dealing with these issues.
