John Bormann In 1998, the general was welcomed as a great comeback, although it is hard to know why the film's guide itself. One of the three films produced that year by the famous Northern Ireland criminal Martin Cahill (along with the usual criminal and criminal circles) has an abundance of incidents and elegance (the film was filmed in color but was shown in B & W Scope in some areas) No effect at all and goes on forever. With a key personality threatening witnesses, doctors who detonate car bombs lose hundreds of people who are losing their jobs, trying to buy his daughter who has been sexually abused by a gang of his gang from prison and fingernails to a snooker table so far. Still a popular local legend personal enough attractive to his wife not only for approval but actually indicate a triangular existence with her sister, it needs a central charismatic performance to sell personal and film. Do not get it. Instead, he is full of the worst and most neglected performance of Brendan Gleeson: he delivers his lines and stands in the right place, but there is nothing to suggest a domestic hero or complex interior work. On the positive side, this does not help to over-crystallize a personality that is nothing but an arrogant butcher, but it runs counter to a text that seems to expect us to love it. <br /> <br /> A secondary section is of interest when the Irish Republican Army launches a domestic hate campaign against the "general" and his men, portraying them as "non-social" drug traffickers simply because Cahill will not share his robbery with them, Was filmed in a very mysterious way - something about Kehill wearing a Balaclava and joining the protesters who are expected to find a beloved dish - to be thrown away. Things have become more successful in the last third as pressure mounts and his army collapses, but then it is too late to really pay attention. Adrian Dunbar, Maria Doyle Kennedy and the wonderful Angeline Ball do a good job admiring the supporting roles, but it seems that Garuda won by John Fawet was superior to US sales rather than moral balance, which increased the compensation for not being involved in a coma in a coma sum. Return Zerdoz, everything is forgiven.
