As with any kind of movies, there are good gangster movies and there are bad gang movies. If you asked me to name good movie bands, I would have dozens to choose from. If you ask me to name a bad band movie, maybe the first movie that pops up in my mind is a movie that I still have a bit of a depression about a week after I first saw the film and I promise you, the last time. This film is "General", has nothing to do with the 1926 silent film of the same name. These epic bands are very dry and too slow to raise questions not about the story (easy to follow) but about why directors choose to do this imaginary endeavor. <br /> <br /> Like "Goodfellas" (1990) and "American Gangster" (2007) ?? Two distinct mobs? "The General" depends on real people and real events. The film revolves around an Irish criminal named Martin Cahill (Brendan Gleason) who began a long series of crimes to steal food when he was a teenager and then move on to the theft of museums and homes as an adult. At the same time, the police are trying to lead an inspector named Kenny (John Voight) desperately and desperately to prove one of his crimes and to convict him (or kill him). <br /> <br /> Perhaps because it is a movie in the same category as the wonderful "Goodfellas" (1990) and the first two "Godfather" films, I was expecting a lot from "The General". But that may be very easy. This was a bad film if I had not seen the above-mentioned masterpieces before they were overwhelmed by the boredom of this valley and its very long running time screaming bad scenes. Let's start hitting the film by looking at the way it is presented. For some reason, director John Burman and cameraman Shimus Desi chose to shoot the film in black and white, while his style and presentation are clearly elements of a full-color film. Now I have nothing against B / W images, nor even those made in modern times. The Schindler List (1993) was filmed with more than 90 percent of black and white photos, a masterpiece. "General", made just five years after the "Schindler's List" is not. The film was also filmed with high-brightness keys that seemed very distracted and gave the film a very high quality video game that I found very disturbing. It is clear that the filmmakers were traveling in a realistic documentary style, such as the Schindler's List, but they failed to make it much like a documentary film at the same time as a classic film. The performances range from acceptable to poor. Brendan Gleeson and John Voight gave a decent enthusiasm to their roles, but sometimes they seemed to be running around because of the terrifying scenario they were quoting. The sound design is also very primitive, perhaps in an attempt to give it a call from crime in the 1940s, but it also failed because it once again became much like the contemporary picture and seemed to be largely out of place. <br /> <br /> But the worst thing that happens is that there is not one character in the movie that felt any feelings or opinions. In fact, at every moment of every scene, the only thought that passes through my head is "Well? So what?" The moments you might encounter in a better film look terrifying or horrific and time-consuming here. I did not sympathize or hate the personality of Brendan Gleason because the way in which Cahill's character is written is simply flat and boring. Gleason plays only the ordinary criminal and does not carry out the obvious influence of Martin Cahill. If a character is killed (as is always the case in gang films), we do not feel anything. No regrets, no rest, no surprise, nothing. We just say "What's in it?" That is all I have done throughout the operation of this very modest criminal film.
