Written by a woman, and another output. Whoppie. Are we on a feminist trip or what. Connect your seatbelts, ladies, because we are about to enter into a world of innocent men and women of good will. <br /> <br /> In this softening, Trish confronts a man in the acting acting agency looks, and dresses like a pimp (!) and gives her a job in hopes of naming them later. In his office, touches her chin the way a heavy woman touches her in the Bond film after she has held her and before he is ready to kill her along with Bond. After a while, the pimp / worker Trish walks into a ladies' dressing room, harasses her, and even approaches her rape. Oh, those evil men, bad guys. They are all bad, you do not know. You can not even look for a job right now without being raped, right ladies? Well, we'll show you! In this film there is a kind of divorced women's club or something, headed by Janet Leigh, who talks about all the women involved in this film when she says that "men are all men and women." She complains of the terrible men; she divorced five times. Now, seriously: any woman who marries twenty times and then uses this statistic as an argument that all men are "bad" must finally realize that the explanation may lie somewhere else, or? She must have the following: (a) She is a bad judge of the male character, or probably the SHE is impossible to live with - perhaps their former husbands are the victims, or if they are indeed holes ** and then maybe got what they deserve. (Do not prove the likes of Zsa-Zsa Gabor and Liz Taylor this point? Show me a beloved woman I got married so much and I'll show you a way to get to Mars using roller skates and just a ladder.) Eventually, Trish meets a computer person who reinforces her faith in men - but hugs your horses; This man is married, proving without a doubt that men are all "bad" already. Of course, a nice old vegetable seller just around the corner loved his wife even though she was still dead - proving that all the men were "bad" except for the kind old men whose bars did not work and that they "could" get nothing "anyway , So they are forced to give up the life of the holocculus and finally give the women the respect they deserve ... Even the male characters are all "bad." The black man in the employment agency is not friendly, and the man in the morgue is rude and insensitive. And what about this anomalous end? .. Minutes before court time, Trish gives up demands She knows that she is now "free" and that she can finally jump into the swimming pool ... what is all this? Then, as expected, she jumps into the pool when the credits start playing, You do not need revenge or my husband is on the ride. "They are shocked by her giving up money claims, but they do not remain shocked for long and begin joking with each other about what Trish's lawyer will have a heart attack when he hears about it. Lawyer Schyster is of course a man. Evil man, evil, terrible, bad, his only interest in this world is money ... ah, these guys; all they care about is money; do not know anything about high values ​​in shopping like shopping. I am happy because we have films like this; they associate sex, but more importantly, they teach girls and young women that all men are bad villains who chase skirts and who will push you into a world of poverty and misery, the first chance they get. So, girls, open your mouth with your tongue stick in your girlfriend's mouth. The power of lesbian!
