I was working my way through a group of Lugosi films recently, and it was blown up two days ago by a group of Lugosi and Boris Karloff in "The Black Cat" I was really looking forward to seeing their collaboration in "The Black Crow." Unfortunately, this did not work for me, and at the end of the film I was very disappointed. <br /> <br /> For the first three quarters of this film or so I thought the story lacked any real suspense. Lugosi did a very good job of collecting things together, like Dr. Follins, a little crazy, a kind of surgical genius who falls in love with a young woman (Irene Weir) who treats her after a car accident but can not get hurt - partly because She is already engaged, partly because of her father's refusal (Samuel Hinds). To deal with this situation, he uses the help of Edmund Bateman (Boris Karloff) - a lamentable man who wants to make him seem more acceptable. Apart from Lugosi's performance, though, I did not find much interest. Then, suddenly, in the last fifteen or twenty minutes, the whole film turns. It suddenly came as a surprise, but I thought Lugosi's performance had collapsed, largely because the film tried to move him from madness to madness - and there is a difference. He plays the "crazy" role very well and is subject to control but evil. "Crazy" is more than the scope of evil control, I did not think Lugosi pull this well. At one point, he offers some crazy laughter that happens to be fake. In the meantime, Karloff was very disappointed. He did not hold me at all. Aside, Lugosi must have grate on it - in the movies in which the star participates - Karlov gets the best bills, although in "The Raven" it is clear that Lugosi is the main actor. This certainly gives a hint of how Universal is classified for the two great horror stars - inexplicably, I would add, because I always thought that Lugosi was the best actor for both. <br /> <br /> In any case, there is no real relationship here with the story of Edgar Allan Bo entitled "The Crow" - except that the Vollins are a fan of the Pooh style, trying to return some of the torture methods from Bo's stories. Overall, disappointed. 10/04.
