When the final of the Snooker World Cup ended in an early and disappointing way, Rooney or Sullivan beat Greame Dott with 18 shots to 8 BBC 2 frames, found a gap in their agenda, so she decided to broadcast "WALK ON THE MOON". I did not know. <br /> <br /> I missed a few seconds of the title credits, so I had no idea what Viggo Mortensen was doing in the film and I thought maybe TVM was cheap, and certainly the opening with Pearl and Marty taking the kids in a summer camp might They made this kind of film to feel television, although the bright (very bright) film seemed to indicate that it was a movie and not even the appearance of Viggo Mortensen as a Hebe Walker. It was a cinematic version, after not everyone was Mortensen's status to become a star in TVM, I mean it's like a legend like Robert Dino's appearance in a live movie to a video. Wait awhile, was not Bob ....? <br /> <br /> Some people on this site mentioned that Perle and Marty are unmarried couples on screen and I agree. I can understand why Pearl is attracted to a sexy hippie man but I have no idea why Walker is attracted to a regular Pearl wife. It was the sixties before my time, but certainly if you've got a choice between hippies and boredom housewives, this is not really an option at all. Keep in mind that many people took LSD in those days so I think that explains it <br /> <br /> I feel that the main problem of WALK ON THE MOON lies in the fact that it's a romantic drama in the heart (just like you expect). TVM) with the emergence of many scenes coming of age, so why include a fairly obvious sex scene? The film is filled with the rest of the film, and may be stopped in front of postmenopausal women who were in their twenties in 1969. I say perhaps because the film seems to be also aimed at a fast food market with the advent of age scenes, and these teens are likely to feel bored of the context The historical and social of a man walking on the moon and Woodstock. In other words, WALK ON THE MOON tries to attract many types of audience, but it is likely that they will not like any of them
