Recently, I had the opportunity to view a printed copy in Kansas City (Olath, KS) from this title. It is difficult for me, as a fan of art as I am, to tell you the following, but the truth hurts me sometimes and quite frankly after sitting in this chair (I use the definition of slang here - worthless phrases or writing) for an hour and a half, (Warning) any interested parties. Let's start at the beginning, a good place to start as always. The first 15 minutes are not really that bad, but two laughs, and a decent development, but then it became slippery. This is the story of a woman, in her mid-thirties, (as the writer wishes to believe) unhappy with her life and never realized. The first major difficulty occurs when you do not know this fact when you enter the movie, you will not know when you suddenly risk everything, in my opinion, probably with a local seller. There is little development (much insufficient development) to justify its actions with regard to the issue it faces, and when that happens, one feels, as it did, that it is of a low ethical nature. The word "slut" comes to mind, in the hope that it will allow it to pass the review and publish the commentary. This, in my opinion, is the first fatal mistake in the film. If you are married or at any time, regardless of whether you are male or female, this will lead to your children. Quite frankly, I feel that it could have been a much better Blue Film - that's the level I think the script deserves. The second fatal flaw is casting, Diane Lin did not work with me here, and Vigo Mortensen is not the right man for this job, believe me. The only grace available in the entire film is Anna Pachin, the depth of her ability as a high-end actress who shines in places. She conveys a subtle but very sharp image (I apologize for the subtle but precise split) of an emerging teenager. Bravo, well done. I will not give up on the end, but I was disappointed, describing me as a piece of romance life is one thing ... but the end is like that .... well, if that is what caused you enough discomfort to see this picture, no less I did not warn you, But you look better quickly - if this celluloid is released, I think it will take four weeks before it explodes. I would say wait for the video, but free sex education tapes at most video rental outlets have more value in entertainment. Hmmm, produced by Dustin Hoffman, believes that he will learn after Ishtar. This film once carried the title "Blouse Man" and should have been left on the shelf. If you never want to go out for a movie, give this time 35 to 40 minutes, the only thing worth staying in is Anna Paquin, if you can recognize the fact that you will find your mind drifting to whether or not you took out the trash before Going home, it's probably the place you should spend it in the first place if you're out of the movies to watch this movie. This is my two years, for what it is worth.
