As may be gathered from the title, I sincerely believe that this film is the worst zombie film of all time. Acting, camera work, writing, special effects and anything else remotely related to this film sucked. People have argued that, although this film behaves horribly and is produced horribly, it comes with clever intelligent text. Wonderful. This plot contains more holes than I can imagine or anyone else. For starters, why does the government ask everyone to go back to work when it is not safe? I know that the government is supposed to be evil but it does not gain anything by killing all the people of the country. There will be no one to judge! Another thing I was wondering about, even if the government asked everyone to go to work, why would people go if the streets were flooded with zombie? Will zombies hide in the bush and ambush unsuspecting people to help the government plan to kill everyone on this planet? What about the end? This stupid man ignites the torch with his life in order to get a few shots of the zombie. He may have forgotten that every camera manufactured in the past 35 years has zoom. And another thing, why say Hindenburg before his death. Hindenburg was a rare event witnessed by very few people. The danger of zombie will appear by everyone in the country, perhaps in the world. He does not think anyone else will get a few shots? They also managed to destroy the almost interesting scene in the film when the soldier was watching the strange dancer. Why did the zombie hide behind a curtain for five minutes before attacking the girl? Especially when the zombie could come through the door. It's probably something that a non-smart zombie fan does not understand. Every day I pray that God increases my mental ability long enough for me to discover all the subtle differences in the nourishment of the masses. <br /> <br /> Anyway, I think it's interesting that this is the first film that gave me the desire to inflict physical harm on people involved in production. O Trent Haga, I'm calling you!
