First, a little summary. This reporter, who is named Torch, basically tries to get out the story of the zombie outbreak and finds the army and the government watching him. Beautiful message, government censorship and all that, but the way the film was, let me explain. <br /> <br /> This movie can not be described. The idea that someone has a higher rating than anything written by George Romero is sufficient justification for the auditor's commitment to a mental institution. The script is repulsive alone, as was written by a sixth grader. For special purposes, I understand that independent films have low budgets and some impressive effects seem acceptable, but if you want a scene with fire, advice: buy some non-flammable materials, get a ready-made extinguisher, and get the fire! Do not digitally add it and make it look like a blast from the Nintendo Game 64. Acting, well let's put it that way. In my summer drama program, the cold reading of the text, compared to this, is Godfather. I will not go into contradictions. Look for them yourself. <br /> <br /> What made me most upset was that when everything was over after filming and editing, someone might say, "Well, that sounds good. The cold sends down my spine until I think about it, and I think someone felt that this was good enough to issue a DVD. This is not DVD quality. This is not the quality of the science fiction channel. Hell, this is not even a quality film school. If you do this for a project in a movie school, you'll get a "no", not even a "F" like an "F". I would not be surprised if he tried to expel you. <br /> <br /> I felt like going back after seeing this thing. I have a blockbuster and film makers this money for the time being, and I'd rather not think about what they're doing. "I did not care much about this," he said. "I did not feel good to think I walked. I looked at the back cover with 28 pleasant memories later to find Ed Wood. . " This movie is the most horrible movie I've ever seen. I have not seen anything by Ed Wood, but I'm sure this is worse. If you're looking for a serious cinema, you're probably at least 10 feet behind a bad headache. If not, I still recommend that you write the director personally and ask how he sleeps at night. However, if you are a person who really laughs at the bad things, I recommend that you review them. You will not be disappointed.
