I could not believe that this terrible film was actually made at all. With the worst actors you can find, the worst written text (Mark Frost and Solace Mitchell) which is by far the worst waste of time seen. I will not tell the story because it really is not worth the trouble. But I will explain some presentations and certainly the story. As for the story, it is very hard to believe that this crazy little scheme can do what it did. In fact, the wife was unable to defend herself against a little thing. That the husband may actually find the nut case attractive at all. That the defense counsel could violate every judicial ruling there, and continue to do so after the judge ordered the vacuum to shut down. The end result of the film is an insult to justice, movie characters, and male genres. The theme of this mess is to allow women to do whatever they wish, kill those who want to, defend the murderer and keep away from him, while the man rotens in the innocent victim's prison. It is hard to believe that Solace Mitchell, the director and the man, would like to make this trifle. <br /> <br /> As for representation: Jordan Ladd, the killer, is terrible. A passing cartoon, embroidering the needle during the trial of her murder (is this allowed in court?) Made me bored. Another look at her as she hits her eyes and shows how innocent she is and I will throw her. It's not even attractive enough for anyone to leave his wife. The pair, played by Vincent Spano on one level, seems to be acting and acting stupid most of the time. He was very predictable in his performance falling into traps set by all the women surrounding him. Much worse was Holland Taylor's defense trip. She acted throughout the film and ridiculed justice. If I checked my check at any time, I told her to go for a walk. Everyone else in this hilarious movie acted as directed to do so. <br /> <br /> I wish I could give this movie a zero rating. However we are forced to start 1. Very bad. Let's no longer have painful viewing movies like this. Lifetime can be better than that, I know it. <br /> <br /> This is a PostScript: Mistakenly running this wrong movie by mistake. As soon as I saw Pimbo Jordan Lad, I knew I'd seen him before and did not like it. I did not just close the darn thing but I had to add my anger to people like Solace Mitchell who wrote the script but also the face of this terrible joke. Does anyone see that her message is that sickness pays. Being sick and walking around killing people is fine with this director / writer. Make completely male idiots species. Well, this guy tells you to go for things in a painful place. We are not all that stupid and we will talk to your alleged film, which deserves in mind this person to be in the trash. <br /> <br /> Once again this loser appears. why???? Can not you read the comments on this stupid stupid movie? Are we constantly exposed to seeing Bembo Jordan Ladd repeatedly? Take it out of television, movies and out of sight. It is absolutely awful. Tfu !!!!
