This piece of garbage is immoral and indisputable, and no doubt it wants to be on the thirteenth Friday (1980). The poster for this film seems like there will be a kind of intersection between Jason and Freddie, who is likely to attract filmgoers. There is nothing good or amusing about this film about this film. This makes me sad. I just think that some people will stumble into Sleepaway Camp II: Unhappy Campers (1988) on a video or DVD, wasting their time in this sad, cynical and depressing film. Angela Baker (Pamela Springsteen), camp counselor at Rolling Hills Camp, hopes the other camps are as nice as they are and remain in trouble. At the same time, other campers know that people are disappearing one by one, where Angela makes up for the excuse that she had to send them home. Could Angela be the killer who was once a man who underwent sex change years ago? Who do you know? who cares? <br /> <br /> The 1980s were home to many of the films that made the intersection between Mad Slasher and Dead Teenager, which the crazy killer is obsessed with. Some are a conspiracy, others are not, but everything is as bad as this one. Sleepaway Camp II: Campers are 80 minutes of teenagers who are introduced and then stabbed, strangled, muzzled, chipped, burned alive and mutilated. This all this movie is. It is just bloody, reckless violence. <br /> <br /> While watching this movie, I was reminded of the 13 films on Friday, which the message to viewers was that the primary function of teenagers is to be hacked to death. . The makers of Sleepaway Camp II have the right to be ashamed of themselves. Imagine the sick message this movie makes to teenagers: "The world is a very evil place", this film tells you "It will kill you." It does not matter if you have a new friend or friend, no matter what you think, or what Do or what your plans for the future, you can forget these plans, because you just wrap up the dead. " <br /> <br /> The most satisfactory thing is - and not giving a lot of things - the film simply sets up space for a sequel. Well why not? They may have already taken the bucket to the hole by producing three or four of these films. I missed the original Sleepaway Camp (1983), and after watching its first sequel, I hope to stay away from other elements, as well as the original. For parents, if you know the kids who actually love this movie, do not let them date your children.
