On Christmas Eve, housewife Casan Della (Kim Basinger) receives some violent threats from her troubled and abusive husband. She left her twin children in bed and ventured into the night on a recent shopping trip at the local mall. It is impossible to find it crowded there and you find that the parking lot is nearby, and Della is angry at one of the motorists who walks in two places, leaving them a note saying so. When she returns to her car after visiting the shops facing some points, Yup owners of the car that left a note, they are very angry and want some fun with her, steps a security guard to help her, but things get out fire from the guard and hit goalkeeper Della escape from the deadly fire A hot chase and shoot her and lose control of her car and crash and quickly pick up her toolbox from the trunk and hide in an abandoned construction site, but quickly was arrested, before they tried to rape and killed directly, from the box of magic tools produce a wound, " , And It made it possible to escape again to the nearby jungle, and in the fracas killed a gangster. , Only happens to be the black man here night is getting worse for all involved as a deadly game of cat and mouse. I have drawn a similar plot line to Lake Eden to this, but this is where the comparisons end. It's a dumb-brained movie, written in a shocking and bitter way by all concerned, the twin children of Disney-eyed are appalled to watch, but Lucas Haas as Chuckie, should take praise in the bad acting section, although the range is given for money By the equally awful husband. As a film, his entire land line is drawn up fully, even early on the Della Cellular phone, then her credit card was canceled by her hubby, she has no money and Christmas, now where can they go with this I wonder ??? The only sudden part of this blow is that after all the bad guys have been killed with the contents of her magic toolbox, she asks Chucky to attack her. If my jaw on the ground is not awful in these films, it will surely have fallen and smashed on the ground. Until the end was over, all the feminist grandmothers who wanted the body's moisture left them very disappointed .. I did not think I was more disappointed, but then I saw that Guillermo del Toro produced this cable car
