So this is what Kim Basinger has surrendered to? I'm ok To tell the truth, the title of the movie is a very interesting thing to attract your attention and draw the outline for very basic readings, but simplicity can have its force. Anyway by the end "while she was out", I left feeling apathetic. This is not the worst (despite being soaked in negatives), but there is a better way easily in what is ironic, but surviving late at night is a compact and unbalanced fairy tale of a housewife in the vulnerable suburbs stranded in the forest Trying to fight for her life after she saw the death of a policeman's rental came to help her, when she provoked an ugly exchange with some bad guys in the parking lot of the shop. <br /> <br /> The problem here lies in the erroneous and misguided material (taken from a short story), along with very variable presentations. The phantom script was poorly thought out (which is not very good when your planner has a simple structure to stop), so many poor entries and questionable actions continue to find their way into a series of endless events. As for a handful of typical fools (led by Lukas Hass as unconfirmed as loose law) to terrorize Basinger, they were less threatening, but desperately ignorant. Becoming watching Basinger as she wanders around in the gloomy wilderness with a red toolbox in her hand (do not ask me why?) They remove these wavy wolves one by one become ridiculous because they have not raised tension or emotion ?? But instead of the clumsy jerks that were silly fucking because of stupidity leads. Pasinger's performance is like praise, but he does not make much sympathy. Craig Scheffer shows up as her hot husband. Strangely I could not keep my eyes off the screen? I think to myself that the red toolbox is hypnotized (why did it carry it constantly) and what tool would it use to send the next bullying? Their choices were very disappointing. Watching her shift through the shocking situation when things finally turn out is somewhat empty, given her uncertain tone and result, you can see miles in the future. <br /> <br /> Colder Susan Montford's direction is less cohesive and energy-intensive. I loved the opening credits though, where the result was a very opaque (which is the most effective thing around the feature) and glossy photography. <br /> <br /> Do not shake too much. Do not ask for much of your time, but I do not care to see it again. But with the song Joy Division, it made me grab some of their albums to listen.
