First of all, really Kim Basinger? Your wealthy banker leaves you alone in your beautiful husband, probably paid in cash for the house, and you can not even wear a decent shirt? I'm a woman, and yes, I'll go straight out to say it - clean something, starting with your hair. And while I was at it, it was Christmas Eve. Buy your children some gifts ... or at least a Christmas tree. Do not drive for 40 minutes to the busy commercial center, stop your car 3 miles away, give it full-time, and buy the wrapping paper. Also, next time you decide where to leave someone a bad note, do not sign your name. I refuse to feel sorry for Della. Obviously, since Kim Basinger is the executive producer of this masterpiece, she wants you to feel upset for the poor blond white woman. We get it. Alec Baldwin jerk, but seriously, do not design awesome movies after your life. Also, you are in the 50s for you. Definitely will not have twins 8 years old. And those names? Terry and Tammy. A way to let your children grow up with no decent opportunity to respect themselves. It is also wonderful to hear the characters in the film always call it beautiful or refer to it as a "girl" ... It is clear that Ms. Basinger was saying what was going on in the script. It is also wonderful how none of the criminals can respond. Apparently, it is impossible to overcome the magical ninja skills of Della. Her driving skills are also very beautiful. This film is cliché, it's painful. Wahhhhh! Spelling your name wrong in a cup of tea. Or put your husband's hole in the wall but all you can think of is buying nail polish when you are in the mall instead of some plaster and paint. Or a woman who went to high school with her bought a doll you were looking for. Boohooo! The fact that she refuses to take off the trench coat while running through the jungle screaming and breaking everything in her way proves my point of view - this woman is a fool. Whoever thinks of grabbing the toolbox from the car, but not his bag, is full of identifying artifacts like your address. I never wanted the "bad guys" to do as well as I did when I saw this movie. Did anyone else get an African-American shirt that the black man wore? Oh yeah, get back and enjoy your eyes with the most stylized racial stereotypes in the film so far. Do not waste an hour and 20 minutes of your life. Instead, go to do what Della can not find out how to do ... take care of your children, and maybe clean your hair. That powerful story in the end was fantastic. Singing "I'll be home for Christmas" in the rain while clinging to your bloody arm tightly on your wrapping paper is as emotional as it happens. Thanks Della!
