I do not really want to compare Martin Scorsese's Cape Fear movie with Cape Fear's 1962 classic film, but I can not help it. I'm not just a fan of Robert Mitchum and Gregory Beck in Cape Fear, but when Scorsese includes direct scenes from the previous film (Cady takes keys from ignition, dog death) and even using Bernard Herman's score throughout the entire film, it does not give me much of a chance to not Make a comparison where I can only think of the classic Cape Fear movie in almost every scene. When comparing Scorsese's version of Cape Fear with the classic version, the new version is destroyed by the classics; but even when the film is taken alone, it is still bad. <br /> <br /> Now, Scorsese and scriptwriter Wesley Strick not only reshape the Cape Fear scene in 1962, they tried to do different things. Unfortunately, this is one of the movie's problems. Gone is the crazy, crazy-looking Max Cady who came out for personal revenge. In 1991, Max Cady was a religious fanatic to "save" Sam Bowden and was in contact with his feminine side (his words, not mine). As the powerful and powerful show Sam Bowden, seen in the classic Cape Fear film, found The Sam in a very clumsy 1991 edition, Magoo, unreliable and highly undesirable. Even Ms. Bowden is a completely different character - she's crazier than Max Cady! The public story has also changed - Sam did not testify against Cady in court to put him in prison as in the classic version, Sam is now the former Cadi's lawyer who suspects Cady of not doing everything in his power to keep him out of jail and went out to "save" him. <br /> <br /> The whole story has been changed, and I do not oppose it very much, but the overall text is also weak everywhere. Other sub-schemas have been put in the mix that distracts not only the larger picture, but rather badly written. The film also includes some frankly ridiculous scenes filled with indifferent and even ridiculous lines that you can not take seriously. These aspects are far from the dangerous and exciting nature of the film, but they also have some help in this section. <br /> <br /> The classic version of Cape Fear has now been filmed with superb lighting and powerful, suggestive accuracy combined with a vivid savagery that delivered excitement as the film called for it and the sense of danger in its entirety. However, Scorsese can not do any of this in his film "Cape Fear", which gives the film a look at cookie cuttings in the early 1990s, there is no sense of danger, no impressive scenes, and a simple style (unless you count on shooting Mobile and horizon style). Yes, there are some horrific acts of violence and some efforts have been made to make this Cape Fear bigger than the original, but it ended up empty and all the shock but not awe. <br /> <br /> If all this is not enough, acting is not too great. Robert De Niro (somehow nominated for the Academy Award for his performance) begins as Max Cady, but gradually gets worse until he starts to get something but laughs instead of fear at the end of the film. The opposite is happening to Jessica Lange and her performance to Ms. Bowden, who moved from hyperactivity in most of the film to a convincing presentation of fear and despair to the end. Like Sam Bowden, Nick Nolty stays the same throughout the entire film: Beige. Juliette Lewis (also an Oscar nominee) is fit enough for her role as Daniel Boden, but is invited to play a real stupid character and it's hard to really like what we see on screen. <br /> <br /> This film seems to be often counted as one of the few good reproductions, and I can not tell why. I wanted to do it; I really did - I mean, if there's a new version of Cape Fear, I like it too - but I could not. In the absence of anything wonderful on his own and the inevitable comparison of the inevitable with Cape Fear's original film, Martin Fear of Martin Scorsese Cape Fear was so bad. The best things in the film are Robert Mitchum and Gregory Beck in their supporting roles - go.
