The specter of the Vietnam War has haunted the American psyche for 30 years now. If not because of the fact that tens of thousands of American soldiers went to the MIA in Vietnam, or the way they were treated, and then because it was the first war that America was said to have lost. Many men returned home from the shadow war for their former selves, and the first original blood game succeeded in offering a simple look at their problems as they tried to return to the world, as the saying goes. The first part of the second blood, on the other hand, is nothing more than just a fist-gripping mess about how painful America can be, in victory and defeat. Stallone presents another slow performance of the Special Forces commando, while Richard Crane tries to resist the serious actor. Where everything is undone in the script, which did not perform any better when it was called "Missing in Action" and starred by Chuck Norris. The logic of the original has now disappeared, as filmmakers decided to paint a large picture of the huge Rambo box. <br /> <br /> The film takes some time after the end of the first blood. The film, ie - the novel did not allow the possibility of consequences. In this modest follow-up, Rambo was appointed to work in what appeared to be an open-air mine. While breaking the rocks and working on his sweat, the prison guard pulls him away to go and have a conversation with Colonel Trautman, who advises that his government is ready to provide him with early release if he goes on a secret mission. Rambo, who never gives up on a hard day's work, accepts and is immediately shipped to a secret base in what appears to be Cambodia or Thailand (forget it). From there, he was assigned to search for a camp where MIAs are supposed to be held, and photographed. His mission clearly states that he will make no attempt to secure their release. Rambo being Rambo, however, has other ideas despite their potential political implications. <br /> <br /> Of course, things go a little further when it turns out that people who are doing Rambo work have more interest in making sure that no Americans are found in MIAs. It is the old conspiracy theory, and I do not apologize for exploiting the plight of many American family members who left without a son during the ten years of the Vietnam War raging. Of course, with the Gingoism that was rooted in American society during the 1980s, they could only work in a tragic plot about the Vietnamese army in a bed with a single Russian battalion. Both sides are trying to draw the information they can get from Rambo, but they are counterproductive in a series of bullets, arrows, rockets and destruction. The only thing missing is the moment when Rambo drinks from the trophy-like trophy and declares himself invincible. <br /> <br /> To be honest, First Blood Part II is a well-designed, well-designed movement. Scene. The direct battle with the biggest Russian commander is one of the few battles in the film that is experiencing any dramatic tension at all. The rest is just a case of the lead actor and director building a fantasy for the Americans to put their fist on him. Fortunately, these fictional films of action films soon faded in America when more intelligent war films such as Platon began to do tours. Some of the killings described here are very creative, despite all the problems. The Vietnamese leader meets with an end that will end with many evil action films. The Russian leader bites her in an amazing way as ironic. Only in the motion picture of the 1980s does one see a law used from inside a helicopter. Certainly, there were cliches of motion films rooted in the contradictions of reality, but this was not ridiculous before. <br /> <br /> Rambo: The first blood group of the second part was given one out of ten. It is very bad that it is ridiculous, and so ironic that it is often funny. One does not even need to be served in the army to see how stupid some sequence of action is. The only danger is to try to make a stupid political statement with a sad subject for those directly involved. Keep the tongue tightly in the cheek, and it may be waterproof.
