While the original First Blood had elusive moments, it was exciting at least in parts. In Rambo: First Blood, part two, the focus is largely on comic book movement. The rejection is completely rejected; the nasal dive into logic; Stallone has become so immune that there can be no doubt that he will succeed in his mission. Just like anyone else who works to fulfill desires at the time (such as Invasion USA, Commando, Red Scorpion) and Rambo: First Blood, the second part cancels his own opportunities for real excitement by presenting a hero who does not lose sight of fear. If you can say through the word "go" that Rambo will wipe out hundreds of enemy soldiers, what is left to stir? <br /> <br /> Imprisoned after the first film, John J. Rambo (Sylvester) Stallone) is granted amnesty if he joins a secret operation in the Far East. In 1985, the task is arranged to see if there are any American PoWs still trapped in the jungles of Vietnam. Rambo is encouraged to take over the post by his old mentor Col. Trautman (Richard Kerena), but the mission is actually the brainchild of a government group facing Marshal Murdoch. Rambo's job is just to go to the prison camp in the woods and see if it contains any American characters? If that does not happen, he must meet with the helicopter; if this happens, he must obtain photographic evidence of their presence so that they can be rescued later. His help in his quest is a lady soldier with local knowledge, and beautiful ploy Ku Bao (Julia Nixon). It is certain that Rambo discovers that there are brothers in the camp, but he exceeds his orders to save one of them ?? When he reaches the meeting point, the rescue helicopter drops him on orders from Murdoch, who apparently does not really want to find any political figures because of the political and military implications. Rambo was captured by the enemy and tortured, but after an explosive escape, he set off to liberate PoWs and get revenge on the treacherous Murdoch. <br /> <br /> The good few points of the film come from the polished Jack Cardiff photography, the cheerful Jerry Goldsmith score, and the professional efficiency of the stunt team in performing various alien action. Behind these meager footage, the film is a failure. Actors are reduced to macho situations, false conspiracy rings, the sequence of action without spirituality and without comment, silly dialogue? So that violence becomes predictable. At the time of its promulgation, America was under the leadership of Ronald Reagan, a man with simplistic and semi-hysterical anti-communist sentiment. For this reason, contemporary audiences designed this Kummy shooting festival as if it were the greatest film of all time, making it an undeveloped success at the box office. Fortunately times have changed ?? These days, we can see it as a simple-minded action that rejects a large number of votes, stupid stupid politics, and a funny hero.
