Under the rights, there should be no "first blood part II". The original version of "First Blood" was committed by John Rambo at the end of the film, but this was changed to allow him to live, not because the producers wanted to make a supplement, but because the test audience found the original ending very frustrating. However, it is clear that someone had thought that the character was very good, because he ended up as the hero of two other films in the eighties, in addition to the fourth installment that was recently released. <br /> <br /> The official title of this film was "Rambo: The First Part of the Second Blood," but more commonly known as "Rambo". He begins with the title in prison, where he is supposed to explain the crimes he committed in the "first blood", although this has never been very clear. He was expelled from prison by his former officer Colonel Trautman on a secret mission. Rambo will return to Vietnam to investigate reports that US prisoners are still being held by the communist regime. Is subject to strict instructions not to try to save a prisoner or to engage the enemy; it is merely a fact-finding mission. <br /> <br /> What Rambo does not realize is that it was prepared, not by Trautman, who was portrayed as brave, generous and incorruptible, but by the organizer of the mission, the military bureaucracy named Murdoch. Murdoch plans to prove that there are no American prisoners in Vietnam, in part because this will improve relations between the US and Vietnamese governments, in part because it will make his life easier. Unfortunately for Murdoch, Rambo discovers that the Americans are still being held only, but are also being held in hell. Of course, he is a hero so much that he does not leave them to their fate, and tries to save them. The rest of the film is a long battle or more between Rambo and a few allies (including a beautiful Vietnamese girl) and evil evil soldiers and their Russian allies. Most evil demons, of course, end up in death, although I was surprised when I learned from your "trivia" section that the total death toll was up to 67. Sometimes it seemed like Rambo was trying to eliminate all the Vietnamese army . <br /> <br /> The tone of this movie differs greatly from the first one. In "The First Blood," Rambo was undoubtedly a criminal, although his responsibility for his crimes was diminished by extreme provocation and mental instability. In "Rambo" is a well-intentioned American hero. A few years earlier, director George Pan Cosmetus produced "The Cassandra Crossing," a biased piece of left-wing anti-American propaganda. But Cosmathos was nothing but versatile, and Rambo proves that he can also turn his hand into pro-American pro-American propaganda. The only thing in common between the two films is that they are both very bad. <br /> <br /> "The first blood" had its flaws, but it also had its virtues. Her position was that the anti-war movement was partly responsible for the problems Vietnamese veterinarians faced in re-adapting to civilian life. It was controversial, but at least the film was trying to make a statement about war and social attitudes toward war, the roots of violence in society . "Rambo", by contrast, has little virtues, except that the sequence of events is good enough to please those who love this kind of thing. It is basically a fantasy of criminal retribution for those Americans who were still suffering from the Vietnam War. Rambo returns the war alone, this time winning the right side. Take this Charlie Kong! <br /> <br /> From this point, no doubt, the fans of the film (and apparently a lot - more than 2,000 voters have already given it ten stars) have concluded that I am a liberal, peace-loving liberal. Far from it - in fact, I have always despised Communism as a harmful ideology. What I do not like in the film is not his policy, but his lack of precision and his suggestion that the solution to all problems, including ideological differences, is to proceed with all firearms and try to kill as many people as possible. Makes no effort to understand the political complexities of Southeast Asia or why no one in the region was pro-American. Despite its anti-Communism, the film is a kind of communist-dominated propaganda that was very good at getting themselves out - except that they attributed all the world's problems to capitalism, imperialism, revisionism, or anything else they had hated. Compared to Rambo, Green Hats was a brilliant piece of political analysis. 10/03
