The FIRST BLOOD PART II adventure, the most ardent adventure, seemed to capture the mood of the United States at the time of its release in the mid-1980s, with right-wing reaganism and unfavorable anti-red sentiment, although Mikhail Gorbachev's appearance in the heart of an Empire Evil "in Moscow will make these kinds of films unnecessary soon; even Reagan himself finally admitted this truism. <br /> <br /> Gorby was very grateful to his disarmament treaties with the United States, his glasnost policies, or even his support for restored democracy to the Eastern European countries in the backyard of the former Soviet Union. The bloated, cold-blooded Cold War adventures are dwindling like this. The first RAMBO film was hardly perfect, at least it was an exciting film for literacy and enough movement with a story that was not too bad. The sensational planning and the incident in which Rambo is alone in the dozens of Vietnamese and Russian troops are punished with impunity to save the American prisoner of war ten years after the end of the conflict, with the Americans on the losing side. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the reason why the film was a great success at the box office was to let many Americans flop in the imagination and maybe they lost the war, but there is still an unfinished work at hand, funny comics with a hero-like robot kills Virtually every red in full view, with as many devices as possible, fulfilled such elusive ideals. <br /> <br /> This could have been amusing at the SUPERMAN / SPIDERMAN level, but unfortunately played everything very straight. Not to mention the lack of any teaser in the film, but sadly they are all of the unintentional kind. The scenes of the movement, although technically adequate, have never the least conviction or persuasion, because they are always placed in the most unbelievable and exciting of contexts, that is, our hero Rambo is always safe (apart from a few cuts and bruises here). There are) tons of explosives, grenades, shooting and so on around him. <br /> <br /> Between chaos, there is a text that consists of the most expensive cliches and vulgarity. Stallone, who co-wrote the script with James Cameron (far from the exciting term he made the previous year), seems to have given Rambo nothing to be said in understandable English, and comes only with evil grunts, as if he invented his own brand Of the Batwa, which can only be understood for himself. Perhaps his colleague Cameron was thinking of The Terminator again with very little communication with lead character! In this sense, Rambo seems less human than the doer! The rest of the crew is a little better with good actors such as Charles Napier and Richard Crenna doing their best with the dialogue that is presented to them, and Steven Berkov is viciously hindering him again with his other sinister roles in the Russian army KGB / Red Army. Berkov's exaggeration is somewhat fun but not a distant threat. How did Slay escape from Berkov's electric shock to kill more of these scum in Red Commie? Well, credibility is not a strong point in this film. It is a fictional work that can be compared to the geese. At least that meant being a fantasy and an eternal classic turned out to be. The most depressing, and truly offensive, as is the case for Atomic Seli's speech ..., somewhat hypocritical after the slaughter of all these people, eh? By the way, in the same year, he also made ROCKY IV .......... <br /> <br /> Rating: 3 out of 10.
