An endless film seems really worth a zero rating. The premise seems simple enough: Yentl, a girl interested in studying the Talmud, wants to go to school. But only the children are allowed to study, so after her father's death, she disguises herself as a boy to intervene. She does and becomes a close friend with Avigdor, who will marry a beautiful woman called Hadas. The Hadas family learns about the suicide of Avigdor's brother, and the wedding is canceled. Yentl, now named herself Anschel, is chosen to marry from Hadas. They do but are not finished. Yentl / Anschel and Avigdor are gone for a few days, and Yentl / Anschel reveals her secret. The film ends with the return of Avigdor to (and married?) Hadas, and Yentel goes to America to pursue her studies although she will have to continue to do so in disguise. <br /> <br /> The plot above seems interesting at first for a film that is longer than two hours long, but there are many things that destroy it. For starters, there is continuous singing. (I can already hear the critics shouting). Yes, I know this is a musician so there should be a lot of songs and dance numbers. But the film could have been improved if it had been directed and operated without. The songs become dull after a while, and there are not many dances that one expects. Many songs can be forgotten, without real words memorable, and can easily replace songs that are important. Only one song stands out from the rest, "Papa Can you Hear Me". It is clear that most others have been deliberately placed so that Streisand can simply justify her vocal abilities every five to ten minutes. It is likely that anyone who will actually see this movie will know what a great singer and actress is, so the songs are not really necessary. <br /> <br /> Second, the makeup of Streisand, which can be seen while watching it as a man (lipstick, improved eyelashes, clear reddish effects) makes it difficult for the public to believe in Yentl / Anchel's character, she is serious indeed, and deceives her new friends Her colleagues, and even Hadas, to believe she was a man. Yet we are asked and expected to believe this particular thing. There seems to be a contradiction, where she speaks her character, or sings instead, about how she does not think she can pull her out, but is surprised that everyone is being deceived because she is wearing men's clothes. This means that we are then expected to believe that the other characters are too naive to see other differences, such as their actions, which are obvious donations. Facial differences can not be included alone, with other characters in the film saying that some of their male relatives or friends did not have a beard or other facial hair. However, in 1900, if a woman was wearing a man's clothes, but she wore a lot of make-up as she did the character of Streisand, and still trying to pass herself as a man just because she was wearing men's clothes, she would have been considered unacceptable and provoked anger. They may have to leave the city, or even the country. So the "feminine" make-up on Streisand does not lend credibility to the character, and only weakens the plot. If it is only applied to make Streisand look more beautiful, it should be canceled. Thirdly, when Yentl / Anschel reveals who she really is in the end, we are then asked to believe that other characters are not as smart as Streisand's character and only when they learn the "truth" become a little wiser. At the moment, it is becoming increasingly clear that the whole plot has been brought so far that it is no more than a car designed specifically for Streisand to fuel them. <br /> <br /> Finally, there are those who love Streisand who will not find any fault in this movie or his plot or songs. For those I must disagree with respect. Although she has excellent vocal and acting abilities, I am not a "fan" of her style of singing. However, I have enjoyed many other features including musicals. So there are some songs of her songs that I love, so I'm not "Karaha" and I have not started hitting her. I wrote this review from an honest perspective, from someone who tried his best to watch this movie - even several times - and noticed the problems inside. If Strisand is interested in creating a wonderful or even sensible film, she might have done it here by not pumping her needs to show them and proving how talented, beautiful and intelligent she is at almost every turn. This film does nothing more than damage its abilities, making it look self-absorbed, and thus turns the film into a laughing festival that does not deserve its fans or audience.
