Michael Williams, who works for the BBC, finds a somewhat impressive Italian image that blends in with his ongoing work titled DIABOLICAL ART: A DOCUMENTARY. But since the mysterious death of his wife, her daughter Emily has been emotionally disturbed, so he goes to Spoleto, where there is the problematic picture, along with a nanny. The Countess, who is also psychic, tells him that the picture was made at night somehow, where a young witch named Emilia was executed. Michael does not believe her story, but then Emily suffers from hysterical spasm and kills a generation ... This Italian film, of course, is almost innocently influenced by the evil pursuer, but this film is much cheaper and much simpler, and in the sense, much dirtier. First of all, it should be said that this film is full of confusion. For example, Emily's story shows an embodiment of Emilia. But when Emily sees them in the memories of the past, she imagines them exclusively from the perspective of a third person. But if she is the embodiment of Emilia, she must and must see the past from Emilia's point of view. The confusion of this kind, which is contained in many films, is based almost exclusively on the problematic fact that the film is very cowardly, and not contradictory, to determine its quasi-Freudian theme, that is, the desire of a beloved girl in one direction in adolescence. . To make matters worse, this film also has a distinct problem (if not confusion); every character is naïve and powerless to be a living and / or reasonable person. As far as Emily (or Emilia) is concerned, she is ultimately a child, and it can be said that it is hard to blame her mainly for her naiveté and incompetence. (According to Freud's theory, every girl wants to have her own child in her own way, and in this sense, Emily is not only satisfactory; only her way of excluding other women from her father's love is satisfactory.) As I said earlier, So much so that it can not be Freuda.) The problem is that the adult characters are childish and naive and helpless as they are Emily. Because of this characteristic weakness, even the psychic who can see almost everything can not do anything on earth, and because of the same weakness, the story of the film itself ends in a bad way of life. In addition, the special effects of this film incredibly cheap and funny. Although Stelvio Cipriani's music is remarkably beautiful (in fact this is so good that he seems to deserve it alone), the film as a whole is only a cheap B movie that could disappoint even the Italian horror of the 1970's movie lovers.
