A group of MTV-based filmmakers, Zack Zardenne (Matt Borlingi), Australian actor Cecily (Kate Fisher) and two male server men named Bug Hall (Dax Miller) and Jeremy (Joel West) arrived in some beautiful island Somewhere, is not actually disclosed. The crew plans to shoot at the 'bloodshed', which seems to have caused madness in extreme sports. The buffers throw the bait into the sea and cut themselves to attract sharks, just to see if they can ride the waves without taking them. Once there, they were met by Sony Loverango (Chris Vertido) and his wife Milba (Susan Africa). Their search for the perfect location leads them to the lilo kay waters which are dotted with sharks. Sonny and Melba and their daughter Limia (Maureen Larazabal) take her in their boat. Shortly after their arrival and already shot some "bloody foot" shots, Sonny, Melba and Lemmya were killed by a 30-foot saltwater crocodile that some say is "owned" by the island. The boat sank. Zack, Cecily, Bog and Jeremy seem to be stuck on the island until it's time for a rescue team to arrive. However, after jogging with some, well, I do not really know what it is. Pirates? Drug traffickers? Revolutionairies? Fat ugly people who do not like to be with other people? Who do you know? And most importantly cares? This is definitely not mine. However, after escaping from these pirate-like men, they are captured off the island by Captain John Derricks (Duncan Rigger) and his daughter Arte (Tarin Reeve in the role of Tara Reef). The film crew believed they had been rescued. They only know that the crocodile and Captain Dirks are back and have a degree of compromise and that four of the crew will not stop him. Captain Dirk returns to Lilo Cay in a final match with the giant crocodile who eats. <br /> <br /> Directed by James D.R. Hickox This is a terrible film, but it is still not as bad as Tobe Hoopers Crocodile (2000). All about this movie sucks. The script prepared by Sam Bernard and Robert Levy is awesome and very slow since the alligator did not see or mention a 30 minute mark before and by that time I felt the intense boredom and discomfort of the hideous unwanted characters thought by Bernard and Levy. The entire film can also be expected in a frustrating way, within the first ten minutes, anyone familiar with stereotypes of horror films and stock characters will be able to guess who will die and who will survive. The effects of crocodiles are appalling and seem to be repeated over and over again, there is the head of a small doll that obviously someone's arm is stuck inside it controls his movements when the water spots become huge! CGI shots of crocodiles are just embarrassing to watch. There is nothing unclear when a personality is bitten into a half that is achieved using CGI to digitally remove the legs of the actors, again look awful. There is also a short scene when someone is exposed to break in on the wooden nails when the trap starts. There is a reasonable amount of nudity and sex, in addition to being a nice and easy female actress on the eye. In one of the series, Cecily filming marshes for Paul and Jeremy. "But from the angle and the distance, it's physically impossible to get shots of both sharks and surfers at the same time, and that's certainly the point of a shot. When Derricks can spear the crocodile, the angle of the wire changes dramatically between the shots, in one corner the angle of the line appears to be coming from the sky, in the shot right after the angle is completely different and it seems as if the line is coming from under the water when actually fighting Installed on the back For a boat the line must be almost level with the surface.I can hold on, like why the crocodile jumps from the edge of the abyss if it is too smart as this movie tries to succeed? But I may have exceeded the limit of 1000 words if you include everything that was wrong in this film, I have hated this film, but indirectly, still not as bad as Tobe Hoopers effort in a huge crocodile movie.
