The late 1980s saw an inexplicable rash of supernatural horror movies in the grim prison conditions. "The President", "John Deacon" filled with fun "House of Death", the accepted psychological image of the "destroyer", and these heinous exercises miserable in the boredom of a hopeless zombie from him. <br /> <br /> Your usual disturbing group of non-sympathetic students' hair barriers led by a tormented, tormented wife, Alex (Nicholas Silozi is not very attractive), moved to Alcatraz Island to investigate the strange circumstances surrounding the sudden death of the highest and highest music star The next rocker is Sami Mitchell (Tony Bassell plays in "Mickey"). Alex's brother has possessed the evil satanic spirit of the cavalry commander in the evil American Civil War and continues the expected spate of murder, forcing Alex to cowardly overcome his passivity and take a stand against this mysterious ghost. <br /> <br /> Although Nicolas von Sternberg filmed it brilliantly, with a few precious pieces and a good amount of nervous atmosphere (the film was shot in its location in the ruins of the stunning and rustic island of Alcatraz), Slite House Rock cut it as a powerful and scary feature. This is largely due to the collective and obnoxious collective figures of Smartaleck, which is a collection of gigantic elegance that proves its more exotic, comical instincts than being amusing. Representation by disinterested actors is more damaging than ever, with playboy Playboy, who once was an undeniable hotheart, Mary Carlton, and hip-hop Mary Carlton, who is plagued by the particularly disturbing character of Lenya Quigley, Where he surpasses the character of Nimbo Bembo. Dimitri Logothetis has a small amount of glamorous visual elegance, but the tone is not balanced between the dark and the dumb, the terrible terrible absurdity. More importantly, Ted Landon, slow, inconsistent, and overly complex, has failed to develop the inner logic necessary to make the story elusive So reasonable distance. In other words, this stink unfortunately succeeds in making the 90-minute period as an unambiguous prison sentence.
