Wonderful. I have rarely felt the need to comment on films recently, but this film begs in particular to overcome it. Let's start from the beginning. First, director Susan Montford plays the role of Kim Basinger as the tired old victim, complemented by the offending husband and the presence of the suburbs. Let us now say that almost all of the content in this drab film has been fully compromised. Montgomery's stunning attempt to symbolize the Christmas tree without a star is laughable. <br /> <br /> When you step out of the Christmas paper on one dark and ominous night, Della gets angry because someone has parked his car in a double position. The busiest shopping night of the year. I decided to do something about it, leaving a bad note on the windshield. The next 15 minutes of the film are dedicated to Dilla's aimless touring in the shopping center. When she finally gets to her car, the thugs are confronted by the memo, a policeman is killed, escaping, and being followed, fleeing, chasing, and continuing. Everything is completely predictable and not involved. Thugs are not scary or at all threatened, and they are all picked up one by one in all the usual ways. <br /> <br /> This is one of the movies where all actions are based on the characters being stupid as you can imagine. Why do not the bad guys just kill her instead of waiting for them to hit them with tire metal. Once, once only, in a movie like this, should the package leader finally die? What is the importance of being chosen one by one when they are all incompetent? Much of the film consists of Lucas Haas running through the forest screaming "Della !!!" The inclusion of Joy Division in the soundtrack to this miserable film is an insult. <br /> <br /> The part that made me filter the keyboard to my computer was when Della, exhausted and hurt, screamed to the sky. "Where are you, God? In fact, where was God when he made this film? 2 only because of cinematic photography and competent lighting, not bad like "BTK Killer", the final mark to judge any terrible film.
