Three times after that, I still do not know what this film is about because, quite frankly, it failed to generate any real interest or attention. But here it goes: A bunch of older people can not be teenagers Teen actors wearing terrifying costumes in the 1980s (did that seem to be the case?) Decided it would be really good to get into a boat and go to visit abandoned Alcatraz after one Some of them have nightmares of people being slaughtered in various terrifying ways that managed to cross the path of Poltergeist, the Eiffel Dede, and Freddie Krueger in one fell swoop. The weak perceives himself being roasted on an open fire with some muted, mutilated things that cut the strips of the mat. The good thing was that it was just a dream or it could be painful, and the good thing was that his dreams had a decent special effects budget. Lame mines are usually: girls, typical spaceships, blowing things with bazookas, etc. <br /> <br /> Once on Alcatraz Island, they find themselves in the movie Slasher, and meet with Tony Basil, who can only break into a couple dance sometimes and had a lighting crew of her own (complete with a smoke machine to catch a light misty look at The 1980s, and I miss him a bit). This reminds me that Ms. Basil helped design dances by David Berne of "Talking Heads" for some of the videos and shows. This, of course, has nothing to do with the film but was kept in mind because the film did not really think much. This happens, and you can either watch it or continue encoding your page on the TV on the side. But since the film is not really interesting, you will still decide to finish something last rather than waste time, and the movie will end, and you'll find yourself wondering what you missed every time you realize that the final balances are starting to go back, damn ... <br /> < * Some 1980 Teen Thror movies can survive this specialized show: GHOSTHOUSE of Lamberto, the shopping center and bread of Killbots, hard to ignore NIGHT OF THE CREEPS and more - SLEEPAWAY's top camp all come to mind. They are movies, like them or not, that require your attention and usually come off with some good ideas or T & A, and typos in your work as proof that you were watching TV instead of the keyboard. I am sure that the HELL ISLAND (since the British version to which I referred) carries some good things there, but frankly I do not care. There is nothing more disturbing than being confronted with art of any kind that is not admirable, decent hatred or even honest old hatred so good. The film is satisfied with moving away from the 80s - whatever the minutes of time and never accomplishes anything more than being distracted sometimes despite doing my best to try to give it a chance, but it has no dice. <br /> <br /> There are some great designs for production, and the use of lighting is sometimes astounding, and the occasional chaos may lead to the interest of Teen Horror fans in 1980. However, you will be warned about your stay: you will be amazed if you feel happy In 1987, the answer may be uglier than anything happening on the screen. Try it as a free rent if possible, if you are disappointed, you do not get stuck with the dreaded thing: movies like this are often on the shelf often in the commodity these days, what about the end of the world? All ...
