Witchcraft / Witchery / La Casa 4 / and anything else you'd like to name. What about. <br /> <br /> The magical black powers of an evil witch are surrounded by a group of people in the resort of Massachusetts Island killing everyone using harsh and fresh methods. The photographer Gary (David Hasselhoff) takes pictures of Linda (Katharine Heikland, who resembles her voice and behavior EE-YOR to Carton Winnie the Pooh), a virgin who studies magic at the island resort without permission. Rose Brooks (Annie Ross, an incredibly rude prostitute) buys the resort, along with her husband Freddy (Robert Champagne, who always hits other women younger than him), his pregnant daughter Jane (Linda Blair) and her grandson Tommy (Michael Manchester, Who looks quite bored and may want to see Sesame Street instead of starring in this trash), go on a boat to the resort that is treated by a look at the property by the son of Realtor Tony Giordano Jerry (Rick Farnsworth), obviously a puppy at work Wet his feet. Along with these people is the architect Leslie (Leslie Cumming, who is a fairy figure) who may help Rose redesign the resort. The captain of the ship was killed by a lady in black (Hildegard Kneff, wearing her makeup and very thick sticks) and a storm was blowing. The boat starts off on its own (guided by the unseen force of the lady in black, I think) with everyone stuck in the rotten resort, in desperate need of repairs. Most of the victims, before seeing their horrific destinies, are transported through a kind of red hole that leads to another dimension (perhaps a kind of hell or something) where they are tortured by demons dressed in coarse-headed clothes. One victim planted her mouth before being hung upside down in a chimney while roasting while others lit the fireplace. A poor soul is tormented by the harsh transformations of the rope wrapped tightly around its body before it is found hanging from the sniffer of a fish piercing its neck. A colleague strangles slowly as the veins swell (and bleeds) and the blood vessels in the neck explode in the face of Hasslehoff! A colleague was crucified with nails inserted into his hands before hanging upside down over an open flame. The victim of pregnant Blair becomes standing with her hair standing speaking another woman's voice. One is raped by this demonic man with a "sick" mouth while the hellish apparition stands near joy. The film, despite its excesses, is mostly a dull feed for those who really want to see the lowest point in the lives of Hasselhoff and Blair, who deserve the best of this. Almost unbearable at times, and build a little thrill. A clumsy execution of a death sequence that looks cheap and funny. Sure, some problems are fine, but most of the film shows the victims after being run. We have a chance to see pregnant women (who are quite similar to male imitators wearing bad wigs) jumping from three windows of stories. Oh, and the reflected face in The Lady in Black often comes out on sharp objects for characters to be seen. Tommy has a small Sesame Street recorder that records the Lady's in Black's jumbo tapes, which are obviously used later. For some reason, The Lady in Black loves Tommy's small visit. He is not at all afraid of it, because Tommy is so bored that there is no expression on his face, less than fear. Do I need to say more? This is one real stink. Ugh.
