There are many different versions of this version, so make sure you can locate an unrated version, otherwise there may be a large portion of the nudity. Some versions also delete most opening sequence and other bits here and there. The section you saw on the screen contains: WITCHCRAFT: EVIL ENCUNTERS, and released by Shriek Show, which holds the original WITCHERY title of the United States for a DVD version. It's a nice looking version and it seems to have all the footage, but it has some aspect ratio problems. In Italy, it was released as LA CASA 4 (WITCHCRAFT). The first two editions of LA CASA were the first two films for EVIL DEAD and the third LA CASA was another film by the same production company (Filmirage), which was famous here in America as GHOSTHOUSE. To make matters more confusing, WITCHERY was also issued elsewhere as GHOSTHOUSE 2. Except Germany, where GHOSTHOUSE 2 is actually OGRE: DEMONS 3. Well, it's better to close now. I started to confuse myself! <br /> <br /> Regardless of the title, this is a terrible effort. Some are good, some are not good. In fact I was in this movie for the first half or so, but in the end the chaos became meaningless. This large, vacant hotel is located on an island about 50 miles from Boston, where many people are picked up one by one by a German-speaking witch (Hildegard Knef). Photographer Gary (David Hasslehoff), who wants to capture "Witch Light" and his violent friend writer Leslie Kamming, who teaches magic, wanders around the hotel without permission. Besides, the property agent comes Jerry (Rick Farnsworth), who displays the property to potential buyers Rose (Annie Ross) and Freddie (Robert Champagne) Brooks. Also tagging along their children. Daughter of Jane the pregnant (Linda Blair) and her little son Tommy (Michael Manchester), as well as the engineer Linda Sullivan (Katharine Heikland - wife of Hasselhoff at the time). Once everyone gets inside, their boat driver is killed (hanging) and the boat disappears, so they find themselves trapped at the mercy of the "lady in black". <br /> <br /> What can you expect to find here? Too much hate! One of the characters was closed to the lips and then hung upside down in the fireplace and slow down. There is also a crucifixion, a witch eating a dead child, a sword in his head, a firefighter, possession, a tape of the Sesame Street tape. The Virgin is raping some devil, and two legs are sweating and exploding thanks to voodoo and some other things. Technically, it is a beautiful film with very good cinematography, good degree and good effects. The hotel / island setting is also very nice. Blair (especially in the end) and Ross both seem to enjoy themselves, and Kneeff is as wonderful as the evil witch. Although people like to make fun of Hasslehoff these days, he is not bad in his role. <br /> <br /> On the downside, despite everything that appears, the film seems somewhat boring and usually follows about an hour . The supernatural themes are confusing and confusing as well. When characters are embodied in the hideout of the magicians for torture and murder, filmmakers have unwisely decided to discourage actors who are screaming at some spiral-like spiral effect that looks silly and cheesy. The charming hideout itself is vacant and cheaply designed with unfinished wood. Although most actors are at least fit, some performances (especially the "actress" playing the role of friend of Hasselhoff and the child) are so bad that they distract their attention constantly.
