Let's put political correctness aside and take a look at this in terms of the many sexual comedy that emerged in the 1980s because for someone I do not think this is better or worse than the others. Unless you have some religious cooking or female uptime, you can probably watch a silly movie like this without getting all the content related and I personally had a totally harmless feeling about this before and after watching it. The story takes place in Albuquerque, New Mexico, where a rich 15-year-old boy named Philip "Philly" Fillmore (Eric Brown) is naturally horny as hell and starts spying on the attractive maid who has just started working for his father. <br /> <br /> ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** Nicole Malo (Sylvia Kristel) is a friend of Philly, but things get hot when his father comes out of the city on a business trip and begins courting him until the point they call him into a room Sleep to watch her undress. Philly is embarrassed and does not know how to react at first but quickly goes for him and fucks but from his horror it seems that Nicole has died of a heart attack! With the help of the polite driver Lester Lewis (Howard Hessman), they seem to have buried her body, but a note from the extortionist appears, and Philly must get $ 10,000 from his father's safe. Philly is shocked when Nicole shows up knowing that the whole thing was a blackmail plan developed by Leicester and that she went with her only because she was an illegitimate foreign and if she did not do what Leicester was told she would be called by the immigration office. Together they are trying to recover his father's money before returning home and recruiting help from Jack (Ed Begley Jr.), a tennis coach who pretends to be a police officer who frightens Lester. <br /> <br /> This has made a small comedy for less than $ 3 million but has earned over $ 50 million worldwide and made it one of the least likely films during that period to be very successful which prompts me to wonder why this Success is not any of the others in the genre. Director Alan Mayerson can boast that he made a successful film but the fact is that he did not really have a career in movies even though he had a great success on television. So ... why has this become so successful? I've thought it might be because of Christel and before I decide I'm crazy listening to my logic. Kristall was an international star because of her soft core movies, and for that reason alone made many adults who freely think about their curiosity in an American film that was widely published. Yet the same adults are nostalgic for their youth and the imagination of learning their ways of being loved by an attractive older woman who brings a larger audience of young people who still lack the experience and curiosity about the film. In any case, this is my thinking, and if anyone has another reason I would like to hear that but back to the film itself, it is clear (and very sad) that such a film can never be produced again (except in Europe) because of religious right and other freaks Who can not reconcile with the fact that a boy is a teenager, will not hurt him. In fact, it's a valuable service that will make them pray ALL BOYS! The film itself is clumsy and double-edged Christel's body is very clear in some scenes especially if you carefully notice the difference in her nipples. The story (although interesting in its original form) is not very funny or undeclared, so I left bare scenes that really represent the basic genre.
