The film has been a full-fledged starring star since the 1930s, Jack Pearl (Radio Manchausen) and Jimmy Duranty. However, after 7-1 / 2 decades, it is considered a third film because they are the only person in the film to be recognized by the average person today. Movie fanatics will also learn about the great Edna May Oliver and Zazu Pitts. <br /> <br /> For Stooges, this is a film from there very early days - before MGM had any idea what to do with the team. At this point, it was known as Ted Healy and Stooges where Healy was the front man. Fortunately for the two soldiers, they soon left this obnoxious and somewhat unappealing man (read about him - you'll see what I mean) and the rest is history. Within a year, they were making very successful shorts for Colombia, and the MGM executives quickly kicked themselves into the loss. This kind of event was common in MGM, a great studio that had no idea what to do with comedy (such as Buster Keaton, Laurel, Hardy, Abbott, Costello, etc.). In fact, until they left for Colombia, MGM put them in a wide range of alien film roles - including acting with Clark Gable and Joan Crawford in LADY DANCING. Curiously, in this film, they did not act as a team - they only played different supporting roles, such as Larry playing the piano! <br /> <br /> This movie starts with the loss of Perle and Durante in the African jungle. When rescued and repatriated, every sense of structure collapses into the film and the film becomes a quasi-presentation - interspersed with scenes that appear here and there. As for Pearl, I can really see why he never moved successfully to movies, because he has an alloy character (but less welcoming). For Durante, I never knew what the audience saw - as far as his films were concerned - he was high ... up! He seems to be taking a break from helping MGM to destroy the life of Buster Keaton in the production of this film. Perle and Durante together rely on a lot of verbal humor (?) And the Fudville style which tends to retreat somewhat. <br /> <br /> In this film, Stooges did not have the right chemistry yet. The vision of Healy as she performs the task performed by Moe in her subsequent films is strange. What they did in the film was good, but because all the slides were short, they were turned on and off with the camera so quickly that they would not let them into their routines. Stooges may be very frustrated by this, although fans may want to see it so they can complete their goal throughout their lives, seeing everything from Stooge - even the rotten Joe DeRita and Joe Besser movies (Oh, Shemp and Curly). <br /> <br /> In general, the film is somewhat boring and disappointing. However, there are a few interesting things to look for in Chaos. In about 13 minutes, you will see a short scene in which a tour guide will be singing on a bus. See carefully, because this is Walter Brennan in a role you never expect! Another unusual thing to look for in the movie is the song "Clean as a Whistle" which starts about 22 minutes from the movie. This song and dance number is a clear example of the "pre-code" scene that was never allowed in films after 1934 (when the production law was strengthened). Despite the word "clean" in the title, it is a very large number of naked women who show a lot of meat - enough to stimulate but not enough to really show anything! It is quite shocking when I see it today, although these abuses were very common in the early 1930s. Finally, in the 63rd minute, see Jimmy Durante re-ethnic ties back for a few decades. Watch the movie, you'll see it mean!
