Well, it turned out as I expected: visual overload but nothing else added to the original. But what surprised me was that the story of the story had changed drastically compared to the 1968 dust. At first, I woke up, but what finally surprised me was that the new transformations and turns (A) were apparently invented to provide us with a typical Hollywood product, ) Make the whole story unbearable! The story of 1968 was clear and direct, and it did not include any time storms or any of this kind: You just mentioned that when you return home after a long journey, things may have changed a bit. The land has fallen into the hands of monkeys, for example. Like many "old" films, the main element was suspense (hell, does anyone understand this word these days?). In this Burton film, an attempt was made to turn everything into action, but at what cost? Sure, immersive images, a lot of time and money has been allocated to design a complete monkey culture (even Monkey Music!), But what's wrong? <br /> <br /> First, commenting on infidelity is very difficult, because monkeys have a lot of human Hollywood features. I refer in particular to Ari and the slave trader. These qualities include emotional skills such as irony, irony and a host of hidden emotions. Makes you forget that monkeys are monkeys, and that is necessary. <br /> <br /> Second, humans talk. Of course, we can imagine that humans will never forget how to speak, but the fact that the monkeys were spoken and that humans did not make the monkey / human switch very tangible and confirmed in the 1968 version. Charlton's sore throat is necessary for his survival and for his restored speech Later essential to his uniqueness and Dr. Zeira's interest in him (therefore, there is no need for things like human rights activists or the love of human monkeys) to explain things). <br /> <br /> Thirdly, the fact that they talk about advertising is largely about validation, but it's a necessary distraction in the new film, because Captain Davidson should play Hollywood - let's give you a fun world and a good atmosphere for everyone, We continue to provide them in the bar lounge in return for a wonderful coke diet. Oh my God, do they never learn? I'm new from the start, when there was only one person who was lost! They needed a hero! Then the scriptwriter continues to think: we need one person ... So, why one person is lost ... because he is trying to save a monkey from an electromagnetic storm ... unreasonable! But it is necessary because it shows the audience that it respects monkeys! Because in these modern and politically correct times, we can not get a xenophobic monkey like Charlton Heston's 68 characters on the screen: Let's give them a copy of the zahi! Fourthly, well, a general development of the "1968 discovery" of the original version (his mother was found to have crashed on the planet since ancient times, and her laboratory monkeys had developed her own community. , Somehow, the monkeys beat the ground while away) are doing well. Part II, the battle part comes as a countermeasure. That's because this movie added the first two films of the Planet of the Apes in one piece. Try well, but the cold you feel when you discover Davidson and you are lost on this planet forever because of the important part of the battle. <br /> <br /> Fifth: The end! For the Cherz, who came this? (A) Davidson crashes twice with his escape belt, which looks like an unmanageable object, while a chimpanzee can safely land safely? Come on, who would have believed it? If the pods are small spacecraft (Davidson simply travels to space in the end) and not just escape ships, he may have managed to land safely at least once, no? What about this end ???? I mean, in the original film it was clear that everything happened on Earth. But here: the whole movie happens on a distant planet, and suddenly the same (there is a statue of Thade) Monkey culture on earth ?? How so? Have the technologically distant planet monkeys evolved, flying through the temporal storm and the colonial Earth before Davidson's mission begins? Why worship Thade? Stupid stupid stupid. <br /> <br /> Helena Bonham Carter is wonderful and beautiful as a monkey, but I did not expect it. I preferred her monkey over Estella and Warren as a human being, but maybe I got some loose wires in my head. However, the only monkeys disguised are Tim Roth in the role of a thief (gorgeous!) And Monkey Family Ari (former general, but I forgot his name). <br /> <br /> Nuno, a lot of things could and should have been added / changed to the 1968 PIC, but not the plot, at least not that way. They were simple and clear and did not need additional explanation. I've had a nice tongue in cheek and caricature. Do not steal everything ...
