If you care for a child, make sure he does not live anywhere near the cemetery. Especially if the child in question usually has a wonderful picture and disappears at night among tombstones to see "friends". But the long-haired hairstylist, who has been absent from all the signs, talks to her family, "Norton", which includes a strict father and older brother who has become an interest in love for our newborn babysitter. Even the most nervous of the zombie ring on the outside is the cast's tilt to speak even when their lips do not move, so as not to match the words with the movement of their mouths. But that's enough. Pet animals are sacrificed, older women suffer from eyeballs and will not close the orchestra during any scene, even those quiet ones. Oh, and the editor spends a day going down the road where the drone is going. <br /> <br /> In fact, it would be better if all concerned inhaled, smiled and participated in AWOL. Yes, I know it's hard to get into movies these days, but this starting point is not a point in your resume. If he were like a trained farm worker he had a conviction about chicken harassment. Characterized by one of the worst performances ever made by Hariri Laurel Barnett, another equally bad by the charismatic charismatic actress Rosalie Cole (The Dakota Fanning It's Not) The movie slithers and lengthens without anything but padding we get to the climax . <br /> <br /> This includes five or six members of the autistic people who count our heroically useless heroines in a shed, while their harsh power confronts these ghouls with a wood panel, a single shell gun and all that he can. But they backed up for a minute. Earlier they were in the car, and they accidentally discovered that the creatures found the noise of the horn so repulsive that they mixed their voices. Will they remain in a safe place? Of course not, they have fled to this abandoned building in the middle of nowhere, so it can prove what bloke is hard for the girl to act like she is suffering from a nervous breakdown. <br /> <br /> Finally, close the movie. It does not end, it goes to a grinding halt. The main character returns to her car covered with fake blood, as if nothing terrible has happened. But, dear viewer, something terrible happened. I've just come through one of the most spectacular horror movies you're likely to see, and you've lost 82 minutes of your life that you'll never go back to. Just think .. years from now on in the deathbed, what you are trading for an hour and 22 minutes just to spend some extra time with your family. Unfortunately, it is already too late. Do not commit the same mistake: (2/10
