Yes AWA Wrestling How anyone can forget this unrealistic offer. At first, they had a very short interview called Marty O'Neill, which made "Rock n Roll" Buck Zumhoff look like a nose problem. Then it was Jane O'Karland who says "crazy as a wrestler" either "he's too late" or "good to go back" acting as if he were crazy but seems to be already forced. After he went to the WWF, Ken Resnick took over the control, although his mustache looked like an old soup that was stuck because he was nearby. Jimmy Garvin "Georgos" summoned the face of the mouse that made me fall on my head laughing. After jumping onto the ship, Larry Nelson came on board and was so bad that George Vellis was an improvement! Then there is the Macleod Dogg the best wrestling announcer at all who made every game exciting with his recipe for blows! After that, he was offered more pay by the Minnesota Northstar Hockey team. On the side of the side of the Rangeside you can forget Roger Kent, who misunderstood the words and sentences, was historically the same as when he was a great wrestler, "Well!" Punched or kicked in the courage "directly in the booster boards" or when the "piledriver" is kicked out after Nick Bockinckle uses a helpless opponent (right Roger like you!) In order to get greener money WWF), they had Rod Trongard who declared his style was wonderful, but quite different, as if a wrestler cut his end on another brow he was saying "straight across the front lobe" or when he was glowering in trouble "Hess in a bad bad way" Also, "Awa" is the strangest, most cruel and most foolish, most of the scientific wrestlers are here in AWA! (No additional funds Verne Gani!) After Maga (WWE) Larry (Wheres Phyllis?!) Nelson took office and I was talking to someone else or completely ignoring him. (WWE wisely did not catch him!) Gregg Gani also had the ugliest wrestling I've ever seen in yellow color for something I do not want to say. Jumpin J Im Brunzell was a great artist, wondering why Greg was his partner at all. Jerry Blackwell (RIP) was also a great wrestler for the stars, but you wonder about Why Fern himself won against him. I love to see a Ghanaian family say real wrestling right now!
