A young girl lives with her father and her brother in the middle of the countryside. This little girl Rosalie has some psychic tendencies as the film starts feeding the small cats living in the cemetery. She lost her mother who was mad, but she enjoyed staying in the forest all night. The premise of the film has a new young woman coming to Rosalie to take care of her. I know the evil of the jungle while driving, and imagine the thrill here, as she tests a huge blue barrel falling on the side of a cliff to stop her car dead on its tracks. From there she goes to the nearest house and finds Mrs. Whitfield, who explains a lot about Rosalie and her family. The seriousness of Ms. Whitfield's personality must be seen. Well, the young woman meets the child and soon we learn that she is not only strange, but everyone in the film is also very strange. They all share one thing that no one has ever heard of in a representative school. None of these people can act - as evidenced by the few cars that have appeared in the entire film before or since - and all seem to have no idea what is going on, temporarily stop remembering the lines, and all have a guilty bag of paper . The outlet flows on the material at a slow pace as the terrible piano music mounts here and there in supposedly scary things. It takes a bit before we get to a few murders by the friends of the creature, but by that time I did not care. Murder is not convincing, and the truth is said that the entire film looks like someone through him at the farm friends with the people and objects there. All that is said is that the end has some frightening aspects to it even though we do not learn one simple thing about why Rosalie like this or more importantly is the creature with cheap masks. Cheap does not even start to describe the budget here with. It is basically a couple of old houses and some hangars in the end and of course the jungle. Someone introduced the director of an old car couple too. No special effects of any kind and only minimal make-up. There are many laughs / silly moments to include, but I'll mention a few of them here at least made me chuckle from the lack of creative abilities involved: 1) Watch the gardener's body well after he was "killed". Lynn comes and sees him slaughtered and you can see his fat belly breathing with life. 2) Death scene in the end where the actress who plays Rosalie was killed. She seems to be listening to the instructions and it takes her beautiful time to look for the way. 3) What about the man who plays Rosalie's father and Andy Griffith gives us an eccentric man. The scene in which the Scout boys were laughing was strange. The baby is actually a very bad film and very bad even for cheese standards 70 if you will. This is not a B movie but it's like a Z movie with a Harry Novak product and he earns some money for almost nothing.
