This was one of those films that got a lot of games on the airwaves in the early 1970s, usually in "4am Movie" or once, in Channel 7 Movie 6 is a great "7:30" and still another on Creature Double Feature When local channels were used to play movies as part of their local programs (most of them went today for non-commercial time) this was the time. A couple of Abbott and Costello Winabis (Frankie Ray and Robert Paul) rent low in a faction of soldiers (half a dozen of the remaining army surplus) who are sent in field maneuvers to look at some strange radiation and end up against space objects. First they go to Bronson Canyon to what will later be the famous Batcave on BATMAN, and face the remains of a dead Carrot Monster. Later, in the cave chased by the living carrot creature - basically a man wearing a black suit and head noodle paper, with things spark it and the eyes of a Ping Pong ball. Two full geeks, Ray and Paul, have been caught up in the tables and being "examined" by space buffs - Dr. Puna (nooo kidding!) And Professor Tandja, who have a stunning beauty and even Maurice in the high-end Beckenhamma uniform. We were too young at that time to realize what scenarios of enslavement and subsequent idolatry this "test" might suggest more than a suggestion. It turns out that the girls and the carrot monster, stranded on the ground with a well hidden ship and try to return to their world. <br /> <br /> The film was made as a complete comedy with varying degrees of taste but remember that this was when Eric von Zipper and his crew of Frankie and Annette's films, the climax of B, were a driving comedy. So it seemed natural to jump on a wagon for some quick dollars. <br /> <br /> For some reason I just thought I had imagined seeing this movie to begin with. No, I've really seen it. When it was released on the "recovered" DVD, I was sure in my memory. Comedy turns from somewhat funny to just plain stupid, but whatever. The budget does not exist, which, a simple miracle when you think about it, so it is manufactured and we can talk about a "restored" version here and now more than 40 years later. The reward is girls who want to learn about "love" and "kissing", and the result is the geeks - who we all have - got the girls and the love they win. It's just stupid and silly and for sites, it has the importance of nostalgia.
