Shakespeare seems to be worth the high eyebrow, which in turn equals a handful of people who see nothing of what it really is. At some point in the film, someone (I think the Pacino producer) warned that the film was running out of track, and that it was one day about how the public in Shakespeare thought about Richard III. Instead, he decided to shoot a play full of random, full-blown commentary. Some of the scenes seem to be included as home movies for Al (was there really any reason for a quick visit to Shakespeare's hometown, other than laughing about something unexpected happening there?), And before the film actually begins, we are dealing with the Albrans' Cute and funny camera. I thought that his ridiculous behavior with Kay near the end of GODFATHER III with the knife in his throat was tantamount to action - but obviously everyone behaves personally. <br /> <br /> Enough roaming. Here are some things I like about Venice: 1) Buzz - Al always knows when the camera is on him, whether he acts like Richard or in a "real" conversation with someone - you can see it in the corner of his eyes, and some actors around The table of rehearsal becomes unlinked and the wax becomes extreme. If anyone reading this has spent any time with a group of actors and seen this kind of stuff from the outside, then this is unbearable. "Look at me, I'll chew everything!" 2) Winona Rider. When Ms. Lady Ann appears, this film stops screaming, and never recovers from it. She has nothing to add to the discussion, but the camera is still there to bring the children. Its performance is appalling, to boot. 3) The only things you really learn from this are what the scientists who are trying to get them out of the picture told him. Of course, you also know that Pacino must not draw films (or Richard does in the first place). Best viewed BOBBY DEERFIELD about this. <br /> <br /> Finally, read the play and learn it yourself. Going out and seeing it implemented. In 1997, I saw the play performed at the Ethnic Cultural Theater at Washington University, and made what we see in this film seem like a high school drama (except for the unexplained throat of Clarence!). Everything is just a set of sound and anger, which indicates dew.
