Hah-bam! Someone was definitely thrilled at devouring a full truck load of acid mushrooms, and then writing this crazy excuse for a moving picture! Author Howard Cohen expands the concept of "sword and sorcery" with two additional S, such as sex, ridiculous, (more) sex and absolute stupidity! This is not just a film, this is the dream of all the perverted events and illusions realized! "Deathstalker" has everything: blood, violence, trolls, female clay wrestling, rape attempt, successful rape, life-size pigs (!), Horrific hairstyles, frighteningly fat muscle organs, multinational orgies, Death, witches raving, hacking, wicked and laughable, breasts, breasts, BOOOOOOOOOBIES! "Deathstalker" literally clears the word with its obvious "Conan: Berber" when it comes to cheese and a great feeling. The story is obviously of minor importance. Single and gay (just that he does not know yet) Warrior Deathswalker goes on a mission, as I ordered an annoying witch, to collect the three bad creatures? Or something like that. On his journey, he combines forces with the dwarf who has become a human being, a fighter more passionate about him - and last but not least - a glamorous lady who does not seem to really support the concept of bras. They head together to the evil kingdom of evil in the end, where they will take part in the warriors' championship and conquer at least two elements of three elements. Munkar is a bald man with a half-spider web tattoo on his skull and an impressive harem that would make even the richest sheikh oil jealous. Well, Granted, "Deathstalker" is a film that is so terrible and sometimes can not be resolved. Lame fighting sequences and fashion and make-up effects are pathetic. For a moment, when I clung to the opening series, I was really afraid I was watching "Troll; The Prequel". The monsters look incredibly cheese and the opposite is full of threat, but it's undeniable entertainment if you are in an unmatched mood. I assume that this is not a favorite among feminists, because women's general portrayal is a kind of discrimination to some extent. Most girls act exclusively as eye candy in harem. It is permitted to crawl naked on the ground and play in the mud, but it is strictly forbidden to open their mouths. The two "masters" (Barbie Benton and Lana Clarkson) are charming but - honestly - if this is not always for their exposed shelves, they should not be mentioned either.
