Siriana swept critics when they were released, and everything seemed to be raging around him. I suppose it's one of those films that is so smart ... so smart that I think you need to be a good oil industry and a great political thinker. I do not consider myself unwise, I have studied politics since I was a teenager and I enjoy an intelligent film but mostly documentary films are primarily entertaining and I have a message. Serena tried to be quite smart, and she kept some people away. I will even go so far as to say that those who care about him and insist that they are lying lie because they think they look better. This film was the most volatile, meaningless, and merciless I saw in a moment ... especially given the critical praise, the gestures of Oscar, and the actors. Screenwriter Stephen Gagan has disappointed me once more. He has already had a horror film written in this film and I think he's just trying to be difficult. I can not believe he had the opportunity to write a Da Vinci Code script. Moreover, Gagan took out the film that made him an absolute mess. I had no idea who anyone was and why things were happening, who he was and what he was. It was a disaster. <br /> <br /> Because I do not really know who anyone I can mention only the actors and what I thought about their performance because despite the terribly complex scenario the actors did okay. George Clooney plays C.I.A. Field client and killer think? Bob Barnes. Clooney was never my favorite, but he has recently been able to make some decent performances, and it seems that this performance was good for him. Barnes was a complicated figure with a dirty history and if I knew what was going on with him I really enjoyed his personality. Matt Damon plays the role of Brian Woodman which is fairly gentle and always looks like deer in headlights which I can understand his confusion after reading this script then try to do. Amanda Pitt plays his wife and she does well in the few scenes given to her. Christopher Plummer shows a veil for someone doing something. I love Plummer and I love seeing him appear even if he no longer gets the upper bills. <br /> <br /> The cast is intense if the story is only reasonable. I would like to quote exactly the plot description on IMDb. "The CIA has another problem: the heir to the emirate gives an oil contract to China, exploiting an American company to expel its migrant workers immediately and merge with a small company that landed a Kazakh oil contract suspected by the Justice Ministry of bribery. Fida, the CIA also needs one when a conspiracy to kill the apparent prince fails, and Bob Barnes, the man who falls, is sorting out the double cross.An economist demanding the death of his son in a contract to advise the sheikh of the CIA, the unemployed Pakistanis They all join the fundamentalist group, all the ways begin and end in the oil fields ... What?!? Say from now Sereana may be the film of the thinker, but she was bored with crying and no matter how difficult it was to try to stay with him, she finally gave up and stopped him After an hour and a half you could not bribe me enough to put me on it, I suppose if you want to make more of an opinion than I do, I promise you that someone is looking for entertainment or that it is a fun movie in the first half of the hour.
