I was looking through a Hollywood video last night with a friend trying to find a nice horror movie to watch the weekend. While I was looking through the shelves, I spotted "Severed" my eyes, grabbed them on the shelf and seemed to be a decent horror film of Class B. The lid looked pretty good. The plot seemed almost interesting. So I rented it. What a mistake. Do not be fooled by the cover that seems to fit. I am thinking of spending money on the artistic cover more than the film itself. The film follows two police officers who are hunting down a Voodoo-inspired killer called The Head Hunter, cutting the victims' heads from left and right in some unnamed cities (possibly Los Angeles) and attracted to his world. The ritual murder. <br /> <br /> The sound story is fairly good? Well, it is, this film has been halfway up fit. But God is good, it was bad! It was almost all about it funny. The opening scene shows some red-haired actress in a car trying to talk about this huge cell phone out of date, and for whatever reason she goes abroad and talks to someone. After that, shadows appear behind them, piercing his head, and the girl descends to the ground and begins to crawl (for no reason at all) while trying to call 911. Does it seem ridiculous? Yes, you are betting. The entire film looks like it was shot on a VHS camera, and I suppose it was. The acting was mostly awful, and the special effects were far from authentic. The scenes with the police on the phone were awful - the sound on the other line was hesitant and seemed to be being recorded in someone's bathroom. Everything about this film was just amateurish and boring, and did not hang on to my attention for too long, and often found myself bored and tired, mostly because of bad acting and terrible cinematography. It was a bad speed. Everything was just bad. <br /> <br /> In general, "Severed" is a failed attempt for what could have been a B movie. The plot was good and I think that if this film was treated better and had a higher budget, it would have been fine. But this film fell on his face. If you expect something semi-decent, you will be very disappointed. It's only recommended if you can withstand horror clicks of class D. Otherwise, you may want to get away from this direct junk to the video. It had little potential, but it went beyond chaos. 10/01.
