This film is another film about director Tim Burton trying to take advantage of a familiar title to bring his "vision" to the screen. I've done it with Batman, Sleepy Hollow and now this. This is not a remake. The only thing that shares with the original is that it contains simians who can speak (and Charleton Heston makes a veil). Burton reworded the whole story, alleviating it for the public audience today. <br /> <br /> The original Planet of the Apes was a product of its time. During the 1960s, America was struggling to redefine its civilization. It has been a turbulent time to seek soul and rethink social norms. It was the era of civil rights, where groups that had been considered the lowest had long demanded equal treatment. In this context, POTA was metaphorical, reflecting the philosophical turmoil facing the masses today. POTA was a very smart film that addressed difficult questions and held the repression of American society to scrutiny by making the white man justify his intelligence for a kind he considered inferior. The dialectic dialect between Colonel Taylor (Charlton Heston), Dr. Cornelius (Rudy McDowell) and Dr. Zeera (Kim Hunter) were both provocative and provocative with paradoxes both subtle and clear. <br /> <br /> The Burton version is a product of today's times as it was a POTA from the 1960s. These are monkeys for dolls. It is superficial and jejune, replacing politically correct preferences for intelligent dialogue and focusing more on form than substance. The "sudden" ending is completely inconsistent and does not contribute anything in the film except the cliffhanger that sets the sequel. Although the original end of the POTA has tied everything together brilliantly in one powerful scene, the ends of Burton simply ridicule the audience and mock, "I know something you do not know, and you'll have to wait until you track the outcome." <br /> <br /> A technical perspective, as always with Burton film, the film is excellent. The make-up is wonderful and the Burton camera is fantastic (although I still hate its dark appearance). However, the thirty-three years of progress in compensatory structure can not compensate for the obscene obscene text. <br /> <br /> The story has been reduced to a monster movie. The Human Band together behind Captain Davidson (Mark Wallberg) to fight the brutal monkeys, with the help and encouragement of some traditional coats (most notably Helena Bonham Carter in the role of Ari). The presentation is simple and with lots of violence, and is ideal for today's fast-food mentality. <br /> <br /> Representation is mixed. Mark Welberg is a good actor who is just wrong in this role. Walberg is excellent at playing deep-rooted, tortured but powerful dark characters. This part requires an inspiring hero, a profile that is not in the Wallberg collection. Helena Bonham Carter is a wonderful actress characterized by her character far from being able to be a laughable separation. She tries desperately to do something with a flimsy personality, but her interpretation is presented as the intersection between a university peace protester and the love of a sick teenager. <br /> <br /> Then there is Tim Roth. He has outstanding performance, saving the film alone from total ruin. Roth is a satanic hatred like the greedy General Teddy. It creates one of the most evil and obnoxious bad guys I can remember at some time. In addition, his physical representation is extremely impressive, making a chimpanzee man fully blended so that one can believe that the species are almost present. It's decent entertainment, as long as you check your mind at the door. I rated them 3/10. Technically, much better than that, probably in 9/10. But the story is an insult to the original privilege. It is simply another attempt by Burton to act self, using a familiar title to attract crowds to the box office so that many people can see what a genius is. Of course this is true, but it would be nice to use that talent to produce large films, rather than simple thinking designed for mass consumption.
