If there is something that bothers me more than seeing a bad film, it is accomplished by experienced filmmakers who should know better. This "re-imagine" Planet of the Apes could have used some imagination, so as not to say anything about the basic elements of personal development. Nova, the girl in the original Planet of the Apes, was a more sophisticated character than Dyna in this version, because she does not say a single word. One would certainly expect much better than Tim Burton, the man who has so far collected incredible visual imagination with intelligence, intelligence and humor, all of which were remarkably absent from this production. <br /> <br /> There were problems in the basic development of the plot. The first big mistake was letting people talk. This was the basic difference between monkeys and men who made everything * the difference in the original film. Although he was a mute, his ability to communicate was what characterized Hilson Taylor as different from other human beings. In the present film, Mark Wahlberg encourages the modern slaves to rebel, but there is no strong reason for them not to rebel and restore their liberation. They are the tools of ingenuity and have the ability to communicate in order to formulate plans, something that humans can not do. No man needs to fall from the stars to save them. In fact, since he belongs to a technological civilization and finds himself in a pre-tech era without having any tools (at the beginning) to help him, Wilberg is the one who should be in an unfavorable situation, not the people who used to live there. <br /> <br /> It was sad to see Helena Bonham Carter working hard to generate some kind of sparkle between her and that wall of non-responsive brick Mark and Wallberg. Her best scenes were with Tim Roth the Punk. <br /> <br /> Humans were practically ignored until they needed Chapter 3, where Dyna began to show some real interest in Davidson (and Wallberg), and the boy suddenly turned from part of the background to a freedom fighter. This was a bad personal development. (Estella Warren, in particular, seemed to be able to do much more than the script). It is certain that Beiraj and Leiberg were ultimately confused about what these humans saw in me, as he rarely interacted with humans all the time. <br /> <br /> Creating Monkeys: Half Point plus and two drawbacks: Ape was an excellent make-up in males, especially Michael Clarke Duncan who has incredibly expressive eyes (which is why he was very good at The Green Mile ), And he was allowed to make full use of makeup. But the monkey's female did not resemble anything on earth, neither monkey nor human. The negatives were the realistic jumps that looked like Gordon's flash rocket: the monkeys seemed to jump as if they had just launched from the catapult, and had no long grace from the real monkeys. Second, mixing the weak voice - when the gorilla is wasted, it is clearly called the name of an animal, perhaps the cats, making it look silly and unrealistic. <br /> <br /> In the original film, various "human" things are dealt with and softened monkeys ("I did not know a monkey I did not like." "Man sees, man does!"). Here, monkeys speak of the real thing as humans do in the 21st century, and there is no humor at all. The only original idea was to write Ari with her legs. <br /> <br /> Nothing made me more than a "V-Ger from Star Trek" near the end of the movie. First of all, the apes were apparently able to read Roman letters in the distant past, so they knew the name of the Forbidden Zone in its partially hidden form. Second, the mysterious inscriptions that give the name are covered only by the sand that has been removed and the tower alone, which any monkey could have done for centuries. This moment for me was far worse than the corrupt end of the film. <br /> <br /> However, the things of this nature are typical of most science fiction movies today. In the 1960s and 1970s, they did not generally have the budget to create convincing future groups, but they dealt with genuine original themes and ideas that were truly scientific fiction. I think of 2001: Odessa Space, The Planet of the Apes 1967, THX1138, Suilent Green, Silent Range and Solaris 1972. Even the first planet of monkeys used the only scientifically correct and physically feasible way to travel forward in time. However, this film includes all the bad science fiction cliches: space storms, anomalies, and worm holes directly from Star Trek; the planets and the entire solar system seem to be visible together as large balls (actually from any one planet, all other objects, even Its satellites are just light points); a conventional rocket shuttle travels from Saturn to Earth in a matter of minutes instead of years; 2,000-year-old equipment fires and operates at the moment the hero presses the button. To say something about a glass bulletproof interior door. In a contemporary environment, you have to explain why it was proof, but because it is a science fiction, you do not have to! <br /> <br /> In general, Burton's film is the most frustrating.
