The spoiler is on alert? Although I think this was spoiled out of the box ?? It is so hard to imagine that a film by these stars, from this studio, was created in this time period, could be terrible, but it is. It is the biggest drawback in the film to a large extent that it makes no sense. <br /> <br /> The wealthy American aristocrat, Ben Gaylord, leaves his little daughter "responsible" and moves to World War I where he was killed. Then we proceed to this day (1942) and completely confused. The three sisters are in court where they are said to have been in custody for the last 20 years, and some jokes called Barclays are trying to take their home away from them. This is just the beginning of an endless series of unanswered questions that include text, and more holes in it than the Warren Report. What happened to Gaylord's wealth? If the will is worth half a billion, why did the family house move from a grand palace to a house in The Monsters? Who is this devil clown Barclay? And why is he able to take someone's home away from them? Questions pile up just above the questions. <br /> <br /> George Brent, who is affectionate and charming, usually plays the role of Barclay, who is incomprehensible to be totally sad and trembling all over, taking into account everything he wants, regardless of who does it. Belongs to the prick of guilt; however, there does not seem to be anyone who hates this crest along with Fiona (Barbara Stanwyck). why? None of these questions have been answered. Instead, we just follow the life of Fiona from the wreckage of a train to another, and Barclay's evil takes her home, her wealth and even her child. what does she do? Shoot it? I set it on fire? No, very logical. In a totally unlikely conclusion, this woman, who was only a previous romantic engagement with Barclays, except for her marriage and rape, suddenly decides mid-term (literally) that she does not hate her, she loves him. They will live happily ever after. Suddenly, for no reason in the world, this early female role model of independence and power turns into a moderate helpless ankle spasm that is more common in contemporary films. Yes, of course, I steal everything in the world belong to me and I will fall in love with you. On which planet does this happen? I can only guess that the reason I did not hear this film before I pick it up on Turner is that it was lost to the modern masses as it is today.
