I wish the number of films was two hours longer. On the other hand, I wish the films of the American Civil War were more than two hours away. "Gone with the Wind", "Gettysburg" - this is the length I expect; although at least these two enjoyed long hours; even Gettysburg continued as it did because things happened during it. <br /> <br /> By contrast, Ang Lee's film is puffy and does not pulsate. In fact it seems as if it takes less than two hours. This was not a compliment. It is no different from any other form of sensory deprivation: at a time when it seems as though it will never end, then it seems that it did not take any time. <br /> <br /> The film goes wrong as Lee plays his never-ending credits over the opening shots (a bad mistake) that we know about some of the characters we take in instant hate and later come to hate. The two main centers are Jake, the son of German immigrants who strongly support Lincoln, and Jack, an equally powerful South Sacher with Jake in common. (I had to re-read this sentence to make sure I did not write "Jack" instead of "Jake" at one point or the other.) The two explode to become "jungle smugglers" - the southern militias who lusted hard for revenge and violence that can not even bother them to join The Southern Army is official, which I think they think is mite. I fear that I have lost me there. It is easy to feel personalities committing moral errors: if we have an independent reason to like them, or feel as if we know them in some way, their moral flaws can make us care about them all. Not so here. We do not recognize Jake properly for at least an hour; when we are, it becomes clear that it is a pimple of a man's girdle, not a confederation of habitual choice - the kind of person who says and does what everyone around him does and does not consider psychological psychology to be. The people they are associated with are either the same thing or some kind of positive evil. I found myself rejoicing whenever the Northern Cavalry appeared on the screen. I thought: Well - kill the rebels, end the damned war, let me go home. <br /> <br /> This problem is compounded by terrible terrible dialogue. Everyone speaks in the same tone in the southern dialect. I have heard dialects from all over the world speaking English and this is the worst of them all. I do not care if southerners are already talking this way, it is not fair to ask the public to listen to it for two hours. Believe me, we listen to it for two full hours: a picture of me is a talkative picture, largely because characters take time to say what it means in its non-grammatical expression, which says it all, three times, and a word. It would be helpful if they spoke faster, but not too much. Can not these people find a more effective language through which to communicate? <br /> <br /> In short: The film is nothing but an exhibition of unattractive characters with no inner life and speaking in an ugly situation of speech, which does not bathe often enough, for those who do not pay attention, though Of their involvement in the war. Good points? The gem was nice to look at, as was the scene. But I have complaints even here. The filming looked well framed, as if someone had taken a black and white film by mistake; as for the gem, we were tired of her body, but we were never allowed to see it, which I think was the least we owed.
