** Vandals ** This was an ugly film, and I'm sorry I saw it. Such as Jean-Konin Doberman, often suffer from poor liberalization - or lack thereof. It seems as if the director was in love with his work so much that instead of cutting the film at a pace that kept your attention, he added all the shots he took together. Perhaps there are two great scenes in the entire film. One of them is * SPOILER * When Benkei is petrified and the camera begins to spin around him. It was wonderful - but well, we got it! Please move! The camera will not stop turning around this guy! There may have been one or more wonderful scenes that you have forgotten in this flood of mediocrity, but the recent fencing scene is not one of them! The reason may be that unlike previous scenes to deal with the sword, the Shanao is uncluttered - but just because the manager was unable to find a stuntman that somewhat resembles Asano Tadanobu does not give him the right to go ahead and make up 80% of sword fighting with close-ups Too much sword clashes! All of the same, can I add. The director must learn from the 1995 Ninja film in the United States. I personally saw the village raid as a tribute to the former generation social activists faced by the police in violent demonstrations for years of college. The situation in which the patent is being persecuted by an official and armed branch of the government seems unwilling to understand is a common message in the Japanese media because of the strong influence of socialists and communists representing a political minority. The GTO and Salary Man Kintaro releases are two recent examples * END SPOILER * I do not understand. I do not understand why people who do not speak the language of the film find the praise they deserve in this area. Perhaps the worst translation has been lost. <br /> <br /> The end of the film - in which marketing plays a lot, is a different interpretation of the legendary meeting between Chanao and Pinky. But this myth is not the most popular in Japanese folklore, separate from contemporary subjects, after 138 minutes of playing visual techniques, who cares how the director wants to reinterpret the story ?! Crazy Lips director Sasaki Hirohisa said there was an unpleasant trend among Japanese filmmakers to ignore Japanese audiences and target their films to foreign film festivals - in order to gain international fame faster. This works, though meaningless, because the aim of an international film festival is to present a kind of film produced in other countries to the world - what kind of films people see in those countries. Definitely not Gojoe and the like.
