Well, where do we start? I think I can start with a general complaint about how this film is being marketed. I was ignorant of my lack of knowledge of the Schnippum book before watching the documentary that was stopped and I decided to live under a kind of rock, but do not blame me for taking this film since the title. The description in the box does not refer to the fact that this documentary is actually A companion of the book said. Yes, I felt stupid after seeing this simple thing and I see how the reason I was sitting to see it in the first place was to get a good show from the "Modern Eater" story. I mean, am I a fool because I expect that this film actually covers most of his story about the behavior of cannibals in jungle tribes? Surely I did not expect an hour and forty-five minutes of an old stranger kissing his ass by grumbling about all the small details of his worn-out life. I certainly did not expect inaccurate direction, especially I did not expect to laugh laughing hard at Tobias Schnippum and all his lost glory. <br /> <br /> Schneebaum is really impossible. The old man attacks the whole movie and makes it the full picture of his personal story even though it is not even an interesting figure to fill a story. Oh really? Was cannibal? Ninety percent of the film focuses on nothing about the old Schneebaum past. The only time we really get to see some cannibals is when Tobias finally breaks his little silent treatment about what happened to him in Peru and says he has a "small piece". That's it, people. Ninety minutes of bull later and Tobias Shenbum cannibalized by three inches. It's like calling the movie "The Life Of A True Don Juan" just to see that the only time the hero of the movie happened was a sexual event during college when he played "tip only". It is incredible. <br /> <br /> The steering, in fact, is awfully awesome because there is no flow or rhythm of the story being listed. Well, I understand that I did not read the size of Schneebaum before watching his own celluloid story, but I can still identify some of the worst steps and the worst editing. One minute, Shenbom talks about the cruise ships and tourists around him, about how he can not drive, and then jump to talk about some dead relatives or some of the failed and miserable saga of his life. I mean, Jesus, can you close his story at least in the first part; continue with some of the things covering his sexual nationality, and then end it with a heart attack on his visit to Peru? And also: I do not care much about the little old joke about living and living, but at least I beg the old man to stay firm with his tears. If you hear a man talk about how he prefers life in the forest, I do not expect him to suddenly break up and whine about wanting to go home 20 minutes later. Misleading. <br /> <br /> There is another note about the output, which is the random sections of the story presented to the television appearances of our hero. Although some may find that the videos are small breaks of the story, the director has overused a gimmick and has divided his entire film into pieces by apparently trying to put most of the storytelling efforts on old reels. <br /> <br /> The bottom line is that Tobias Schnippum is a scam. Simple and pure. I know I have not read the book, but I still hold on to the argument that this film is completely useless by pointing out that the good film should stand on its own. This documentary relies heavily on the assumption that the viewer is actually hungry for the work of Shennbaum and instead goes from this assumption like an additional disc on a DVD. Schneebaum is both overbearing and gorgeous, and shows a sour mix when mixed up with the fact that his story is not welded. If you're looking for a solid piece of human nature and cannibalism, go away because "Keep The River To Your Right" is a fun trick to serve yourself on a long-delayed man from a straight jacket and a gag.
