Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy had extensive film skills before joining in the end. For many pre-Stan films in Stan, he was described on screen as Babe Hardy ... Throughout his adult life, Hardy was known to his friends as "Babe". During a tour of Britain after the war with Laurel at a concert for Bernard Delphonte, Hardy conducted an interview with journalist John McCabe explaining the origin of this title: Early in his acting career, Hardy got a haircut from a gay hairdresser with a full-throated, Hardy's body (those on his face) said "cute kid!" Hardy's work colleagues began to cry it "babe", the title is stuck. <br /> <br /> Although much of Hardy's work before Laurel is very interesting - especially his comedic roles in supporting Larry Simon and the Chaplin mimicry Billy West - his teamwork with Billy Rogue (Who?) in a series of short short films The cost to FIM Comedy Film is really very difficult. Hardy and Rogge were given screen names Plump and Runt: the names were unpleasant in themselves, but they got worse because Ruge (though shorter than Hardy) was not particularly run. It appears here, Hardy seems a lot as it appears in the early Hull Roche films with Laurel ... but without the spitting curls and the tiny stray robes. <br /> <br /> "One Too Many," a perfectly typical stunt and the Runt epic is not very familiar ... and its ambiguity became clearer through the fact that this film has the same premise as "That My Wife," one of Laurel's films And my happiest. Plump (Hardy) is a border star in the house of his room run by his tall landowner. Runt (Ruge) is a porter. Plump receives a letter from his uncle John, who is expected to be inherited by Duch. His uncle will come to see him and meet his wife and child. There is only one problem: Plump did not have a wife and child. He was lying to his uncle until he seemed a family man. Now, of course, Plump expects Runt to find a wife and child at short notice. Of course, the results are disastrous. It would be nice if those disastrous results were funny, but they were not. Most of the unfamiliar humor here is just an empty hysterical, with characters settling their arguments by pushing each other into the bathtubs. <br /> <br /> The next SPOILERS. Director of Vim Will Louis (Who?) There is no instinct to frame the camera: the actress who plays the role of the owner is much longer than Hardy, and Louis constantly prepares shots to be her head out of the frame. This can be funny if you have been on purpose, but it's just incompetent. At some point in this bad comedy, a tasteless loaf looms as Ronet approaches the black washbasin. "Surely they will not deviate from laughter." But they do. Ronette steals the black baby boy and FOB tries to be a Bloomberg offspring. <br /> <br /> In a way, Plump acquires a baby bed, but he still has no child. As Uncle John arrives at the stairs, Plame enlists Runt for childhood. Perhaps this lapse has worked with a dwarf, or even with a runner-sized actor like Chester Conkelin, but Billy Rogue is just below average height. Spoofing a child is neither reasonable nor funny, and Uncle John has to be fully disabled. Surprisingly, he does! <br /> <br /> The most prominent aspect of "One Too Many" is a short appearance - apparently the only cinematic aspect of it - by Madeleine Saluchin, Oliver Hardy's first wife. The marriage was not happy, although Hardy's marital problems never reached the dimensions of Stan Laurel. <br /> <br /> I liked just one thing in this movie. There is a very short retrograde sequence, where Hardy remembers his coastal love story with the beauty of bathing. In 1916, there were still no standard film rules for the transfer of the flashback: the obvious here is gracefully and simply. Too bad this movie has no other advantages. "One Too Many" is certainly one very many film on CV Oliver Hardy, and I will score this film with just one point out of 10. The Laurel and Hardy together are definitely more entertaining than either of them separately.
