96 minutes of this cruel .. I love the old Monster. Yes, the plot is something; yes the vulgar lines but who was on top of this was not a fan. There are a lot of "conspiracies" (I use this word with a big pause) so I wonder if this is an old episode of Starsky & Hutch. I've lost the number of times I noticed that make-up was missing somewhere near the collar. Refusing to admit that ever since the mid-1960s (ironically), producers simply replaced Marilyn & Eddie with younger actors. Why not allow them to grow and age? Addam family reunion does not add to the flavor of the Halloween party. <br /> <br /> Grandpa and Herman fly to Transylvania and return within a few hours (unhelpful). The most incredible characters (I am including the bad robots) because he shakes with an inappropriate mix of chatter and deity but claims to be an old Arab ruler. And yes, it seems that the path of laughter is missing. In fact, there are many sites where there is dead air, as if the path of laughter was to be introduced later. Actors seem to be waiting for the fake audience. It's not funny. Sad thing. Oh, the best part! Yvonne DeCarlo has a line that shows you how writer and producers were out of sight. "Where could Uncle Herman and my grandfather be? They could have been in an accident ... They could have caught a car ... or a train!" Marilyn says. "You Uncle Herman would be here if he had to pull himself off the train track," says Lily in response to something like: The amazing thing about this is that Yvonne DiCarlo's husband was a stunt man in the early 1960s and lost his leg and was almost killed in a train game. He never recovered, resulting in the financial destruction of her family. (See Review of the wonderful biography of her life and career) it was possible to change this line easily to be more sensitive to it. <br /> <br /> If you are a fan of the real Monster team, you will have to rent this mess. Shows how things are left alone. Even with the original cast (almost), this is almost as bad as trying to reshape the show a few years ago.
