To be clear from the beginning, "The Bagman" is very, very bad. He suffers terribly in almost every aspect except for one side: the finished product is so horrible a film that it's funny hysterical watching it. This is a very low film. Movie budget restrictions must be clear to anyone viewing until the opening title sequence. I'm not sure whether much humor in the film is intended or not. For example, the movie is made in "Doomsville". Note to all potential home buyers: If the city you are traveling to is called "Doomsville", keep moving. Stephanie Petton is fast in her ascend to the top of a very sexy sex scene in the kitchen. I could only laugh because it contains a deliberate humor (you run the gas stove ... get it? Sex is too hot? Get it?) And the spirit of unintended humor. Intentional in this case is music. It's like the theme music for "fire vehicles" goes electronica. The computer bursts and blends! I realize that going out with music for a small production like this is expensive. I really feel for them because work here is good faith. The problem is that cheap music is not necessarily good music. I did not laugh hard on sex on the screen since I was "lonely in the dark" with the song "Seven Seconds" (I think they were pointing out that poor old Slater was a little ... fast in the clouds?). Until the end of hilarious credits. Intentionally or not? You Judge: A dog and a dog cat are part of the restricted crew - and there was a fight over the animals for them! - The credit is due to Mr. B. Steak, and the third unit cabinet (yes, they have a third unit) is credited to K-mart. Maybe I just, but I think the joy of this is more than saving the movie. The film is very bad, but the goals of Stephanie Petton and her good friends and family in "The Bagman" so you can not help them, but like the film they produced. "Baghman" is bad but not terrible. In his own sweet way, he even managed to be a bit fond. She wears her flaws so honestly that you can only forgive her. The "best" movies that try to hide defects are almost worse somehow. I think this is just a film that knows who his audience has been produced accordingly. <br /> <br /> Watch any number of movies and maybe most of them are much better than that. Some may seem cheaper, or their performance may be worse, or the value of production is smarter. They may not suffer terribly like "The Bagman" because of the terrifying effects of editing, sound and foliage. Mr. B Steak did not do very well. Special effects seem to be where most of the money went. They tend to be more funny than hideous, although when "Bagman" is finally unveiled in the end, the task of making up there has been amazingly done. <br /> <br /> My work 4 out of 10 is a bit high but humor helped a lot. It's a perfect movie to track down some nights with some friends and some beer. Great entertainment should be taken by anyone who considers himself a serious film or amateur film with a low budget. You should avoid all others with big prejudice.
