"The Bubble" is an attempt to make the story of Romeo and Juliet gay with an Israeli and a Palestinian, although it seems they come through "friends" or "Beverly Hills 90210". The characters are shallow and vulgar as they are the line of dialogue and drawing. The film looks torn between the fuzz and the depth. On the one hand, there is a deliberate effort to be shallow where (in one example of many) even some small characters ask questions to develop insight into the conflicts involved, and get answers such as "hey, we are here to make a sticker about raving against the occupation. The obvious absurdity of such a line is that it is just a sign that pork is that the film is completely hollow and immaterial, as its title implies. "On the other hand, The scene on the stage is embarrassingly pleased, and its dramatic power is undermined (understandable by L But it is still possible to edit this for a much better effect) and comes as steady as the rest of the film, very unfortunate.This play deserves much better. <br /> <br /> Characters are a one-dimensional cartoon, so some names It has a full telegraph (although the word seems inappropriate here.) The aggressive soldier from the Golani brigade called the "Golan." The armed Palestinian is called "Jihad." The roommate Fagaj, who seeks elegance, is Lulu. Inspection and life in Palestine, be it real-life or documentaries, will find scenes of checkpoints absurdly unrealistic Like ?? Well, the rest of this thin imagination. When a Palestinian woman enters the fastest recorded work, Israeli soldiers are peaceful and helpful, an ambulance appears in minutes. (The result of the birth shows the Palestinians not appreciating the Israeli good and even the sheer madness of grandeur.) Overall, the checkpoint is merely a nuisance, not a series of staggering obstacles, crushing spirit, humiliating humiliations without regard to medical care or necessity in birth or Death or severe illness. It seems that Ashraf, the Palestinian lover, passes from Nablus to Tel Aviv without any problems, no papers and no problems. It only appears whenever it pleases. When the Israelis want to overcome it, it is a big challenge for a plan worthy of Lucy Ricardo. <br /> <br /> Against the backdrop of gentle Israelis supporters and Palestinians who commit homosexuality, we turn to a completely holistic solution lack of motivation or purpose ?? But as a clear and painful drama to raise sympathy for disadvantaged lovers. <br /> <br /> Israeli-Palestinian homophobia has been dealt with on the stage with greater skill and depth, as in the film Peace / Shalom. It is hardly as pioneering as some people would think. <br /> <br /> Too bad movies? Such as the work of Ed Wood - at least have some striking peculiarities to distinguish. This one does not even have to happen for that. Most vocal tracks such as Simon and Garfunkel appear to be quaaludes, and even with exotic touches on gay scenes, the general incompetence that permeates this film plays like a modest television movie of the week.
