No effort was made on Valentine's Day to prevent him from being just another teen movie, a sub-genre of horror films that we have seen too many over the last decade or so. I have heard many people complain that the film is separated from many previous horror movies, including everything from Halloween to a night concert to Carrie, and as much as I hate to be superfluous, the rip is so stark that it is impossible not to say Anything. The perforated bowl on Jeremy's head early in the film is clearly taken from Carrie to the extent that he may have just said in the film directly ("Hey everyone, this is the director, here's my curry raib scene. <br /> <br /> (The spoilers) The film is arranged in a piece of the same way that every movie is organized by a clumsy teenage teenager, we get to know some of the girls briefly at first, and kill, and people ask an old dialect, but only those that happen to people The problem here is that the director and the writers clearly and explicitly want to keep the film vague and distorted But they have no idea how to do it.Take Jason, for example, this hopelessly overbearing man who is so full of himself and so bad with women that he divides the check into a history as everyone had, and as one of the first In the film after a short history lesson about how bad Jeremy was treated, he was supposed to have some importance, besides, and more importantly, he had the same initials as the little boy who was appalled by all the girls in sixth grade and the same initials at the bottom All these evil Valentine's Day cards. <br /> <br /> It is not uncommon for the public to be misled deliberately and sometimes successfully because of the behavior of one or more of the characters who appear to be the main suspects. Jason is an ideal example of this effort, but not such a good example of effort successful. Sure, I've thought for a while that it might be deadly, but that's not the goal. We know from the beginning that it is terrible with the women, who connects him to the young boy at the beginning of the film, but in the middle of the film, he appears at a party, smiling gleefully at two main girls, then giving them a hateful look and walking away, disappearing from the concert and from the film without any explanation. We already know that he is a cardboard character, but his role in the film was so poorly studied that they took him out when they finished with him. <br /> <br /> On the positive side, it is true that identity killer, in fact, made it difficult to predict at least one hidden way that was, unfortunately, another rip. Early in the film, when Shelley stabbed the killer in the leg with his own scalpel, no sound was heard, suggesting that the killer might be silent preventing a woman from revealing herself as a female, not as a man as everyone suspects. But then, for the rest of the film, we have this steel killer, which does not stop, which is unstoppable with an emotional mask and a giant butcher knife. The director Jamie Blanks (who, with all due respect, seems to have had some problems with the girls in the sixth grade) recalls their vulnerability to the Halloween. This, of course, is not absolutely necessary, because it is quite clear the extent of his suicide for the film. The only difference between the Valentine's Day killer and Michael Meyer is that Michael's mask was more effective and had no problem with nosebleeds. These things are shameless. <br /> <br /> In the end, there is a brief attempt to mislead us again about who the killer is (complete by removing the mask slowly and subtly), but then we see Adam's nose begin to bleed and he carries Kate, his girlfriend who often hesitates, We know he was a killer all the time. Nothing in the film suggested that he might be the killer to the end, and that this unexplained bleeding was not exactly the smartest way to get to know the real killer at the end of the film. The Valentine is not scary (I saw him in an empty house on my own after midnight, and I was afraid of the dark for as long as I could remember, and even I was not afraid). I remember being impressed with the theater previews (although the film was in and out of the theater faster than Battlefield Earth), but the end result is the same old thing.
