The moderate spoilers listed here. This movie has been corrupted to give you the trouble of having to watch it. <br /> <br /> Jet Li films are divided into one of two categories: Shaolin films and Hong Kong modern films that revolve around Triads or Triad organizations. Each type has the best and worst movies. "Twin Warriors" is the best plant of the Shaolin era in Jet Li while the "evil cult" is its worst. "Legend Fist" while in the recent past is the best film "Modern Age" Jet Li. The "black mask" is undoubtedly the worst. <br /> <br /> Jet Li plays an exiled mariner who receives an injection that gives him an extraordinary ability, but he is short. In his "New Life" in exile, he plays a peaceful librarian. When the old mercenary team continues to stage, Jet Li becomes determined to stop them. He does not give up a very ridiculous corrugated cardboard mask to conceal his identity from the police (and the public) as a librarian, as well as to conceal the true identity of his former comrades in arms. <br /> <br /> The copy I saw was called, and awfully in it. Why is Jet Li holding his colleague in his library and holding him hostage if he is peaceful? Is there a love story between them? Why does not the police chief care when he knows the true identity of the black mask? The plot is just plain. Bad by superheroes, bad, in the sense that characters are not properly developed, or bad in the interactions of their characters, all occupied by the story of half-illustrated and lost interest in them quickly. The sequence of martial arts is the way on top. There is a lot of blood, paper (heavily clipped body parts), explosions, martial arts and martial arts in the style of Matrix. Unfortunately this is the best movies and point-of-sale only. If you want to see Jet Lee play a superhero in the movie "Black Mask" style mission impossible deliver. For the rest of Jet Li fans it is a real disappointment. This is one of those films where Jet Li is never Jet Li: It does not get a chance to charm its attractiveness, nor is it a chance to impress our great martial arts abilities. <br /> <br /> The Chinese knockout from Ozzy Osbourne is usually enough to involve me in a movie, and it is sad that the "black mask" was an exception to this rule. In fact, the discount of this film, by the way wearing, his long straight hair, round sunglasses for the brand looks like Ozzy Osbourne modern and old. However the villain is not on the screen long enough to make a gimmick worthwhile. I suppose that the quasi-Ozzi was intentional; in addition to the villain's look, he also ran a devilish hideout. Much more could have been made than the tricks of Ozzy Osbourne Punk! If the writer or director or anyone has bothered himself just to give background to the character of the evil film and develop it! <br /> <br /> "Black Mask" was the first Jet Li movie to be shown on video in the United States after the Fatal Weapon 4, and I'm glad I've moved away from it so far. My full perception of Jet Lee may have ruined my military artist and actor. If you want to see Jet Li at its worst, hire a "Black Mask" and "The Evil Cult" and make it a double or scary feature, intentional and unintentional. Other than that, stick to moves that use Jet Li's talents, and have well-considered and reasonable plots of land. 3/9 Stars.
