Ouch, what a BORING sci-fi movie! This is particularly sad because the first 15 minutes were full of excitement and full of possibilities! During the introduction, we follow a group of nervous security officers and employ men who are forced to chase a doctor who escaped from a mysterious laboratory with a bag full of very confidential files. While he was about to detect the horrific and inhumane events that occur in the laboratory, he was executed. Numbers?? From then on, the "procedure" moves back and forth between the two sites, the above-mentioned laboratory and the rural palace of a corrupt senator (or something), and it soon becomes apparent that the experiments are in fact a complete reversal of concern. More boring, useless and mysterious. Scientists chose four random people without living relatives, and it really is important to speak the truth even though a giant machine reads the contents of their minds, anyway. They all hide the dark secrets of their past and people suffer when they are revealed; however, I fail to see how these tests can at any time lead to a device that threatens humanity. Maybe I missed something, but I doubt it. Interactions between patients and doctors are less interesting, since none of them have personalities. So, "The Brain Machine" deals only with a group of lame people living in a horribly decorated room. The film could have been shorter than half an hour if not for thousands of stagnant buildings! Transfers are referred from the laboratory to the villa and vice versa each time from five shots of places. Either the manufacturers already needed padding or just assumed that all Sci-Fi viewers were fools who were not able to see the location change themselves. Staring in a deserted pond with a palace in the background for the tenth time in just five minutes becomes quite troublesome, assure you. James Best's performance as a reverent for mental issues is fairly decent, but certainly one man can save this thing from being a waste of time. Avoid!
