Wonderful. Watch this movie today, you can not help but feel the horror of writing this movie. Spencer Tracy and Loretta Young play the role of a couple, in modern times, who may appear in "The Jerry Springer Show" - because they have a sick and abusive relationship ... Without explanation, the writers seem to support it! <br /> <br /> The movie begins with the hungry and homeless Loretta being shown on the ropes by poor but very tricky Spencer Tracy. He explained to her how, through collusion, you can do a little bit of money and take her home to his hut to stay. It is never clear whether they are getting married or not - and as a Pre-Code movie, you can assume they are not in spite of their coexistence. Their relationship is very strange ... and somewhat satisfying. While you can see that Tracy cares about her through his actions, he is verbally abusive and makes a complete jerk --- and Jung runs back to get more like a dog. Call it "slim" or "ugly", and this is, in a satisfactory way, his way of using granulation! Later, when he started con with another woman (Glenda Farrell), she told her friend that if that was what he wanted, it was fine !!! It's definitely slaps from a sado-masochi relationship and you can only feel a little scared. Sure, he did not hit her but the relationship is very offensive. To show how sick he is, when Young pours the bearer, tell him "... it's your child and he's my king, but do not worry, I'll blame him all" !! Yikes! Does not all this look like looking through a hole in a sick and unemployed home?! Later, in the case of art imitating life, Tracy proves what kind of people he is and disappears. After all, can not load a burden on the child - even if he is a child. But he changes his mind and decides to go home. Wow ... that's a little of it! When he returns, he is bad and behaves like his survival, he is not obliged to sponsor the child !! She tells him that he is "a free man ... free as birds"! Wow, I was almost crying at this tender moment ... no! Soon, this crazy couple is married ... Of course, Young is depressed because he seems to reside as long as he suits him - not because of any love or sense of responsibility. How can you save anything with this kind of sick person? What would you do? Well, as with the book, Tracy will soon commit a burglary to help pay for the slut! The romantic aspects of the film are disappointing! During the robbery, Tracy behaves like a squeak - he does almost nothing to take precautions for not falling - as secretly hoping to send him to jail. To show the kind of person he enjoys, the man who tries to steal one of his best friends. <br /> <br /> While there are more movies, the bottom line is that Tracy Rachsha and Young are an idiot in the film. Although they are very good actors, there is no way they can make anything of this nonsense. Nice music, nice collections, good acting ... The text is 100% feces. How the movie was rated 7.4 Now I wonder how anyone can ignore the horror of the characters. Somewhat ill-fated did not destroy the professions concerned. <br /> <br /> Oh, and if you wonder if Loretta Ever gets the backbone of this movie or plays the role of someone less powerful, the answer is NO! In the end, you learned nothing and no one changed for the better. <br /> <br /> Certainly they do not make films as they used to ... In this case ... Praise be to God!
