May contain spoilers! So I watched this movie last night on the LMN (Lifetime Movie Network) which is not known for showing high quality movies. This movie is awesome! I'm still amazed because I saw it all because it was terrible. Can this film contain more stereotypes? (A Jewish mother who wants a son to be a doctor, a Catholic family, a son of a priest, big crosses in every room displayed in the Catholic family's house, Mexican prostitutes, a "bad" man, is really a nice person, At first I was fascinated by the fact that I had never heard of this film, and after seeing that Cheryl Pollack and Corinne Nemick were there, I decided to stay up until 4am to see it. In any case, the only thing retrieved about this film is the beauty of Amic Madsen. I assume that Pollack and Nemick are doing well, but they have a terrible scenario to work with. Unlike other reviewers who commented on the lack of Texas dialects (the movie is supposed to happen in Austin and very few people have twang) I think the accents were there (in support of characters like the history of Mary Margaret and John) and were unnecessary. They were also very bad. I have been tired of many Hollywood "southern" accents that do not look like the area that is supposed to be tone. Because it was supposed to happen in Austin and filming there in 1991 was not expensive, I was quite expecting that there would be familiar images of the city: the beautiful Capitol, the UT tower multiplied by a winning football game, etc. None of these things was there. Also, it takes about 5-6 hours to drive to Mexico from Austin. At one point in the film, Michael and his wife took off in order to lose Mexico's virginity and be able to drive when it was dark (during the summer and early fall, the darkness does not stay in Austin until 9 pm or so), spending time in Mexico drunk and exercising Sex with Mexican (is there any other kind?) Whores, then back to Austin before dawn. While this is theoretically possible it is not very likely. If anyone started school in the hill country (usually the third week of August, but probably in September 1960), they knew that unless they wanted to get out of the hot stroke, they would not wear their letter jackets !!! ! ! In August and September in Austin and the surrounding area is 90+ degrees. Only people who do not have body temperature will be stupid enough to wear jackets or letter jackets on the first day of school. All in all, I made a very bad experience of a TV movie.
