There is a lot of puns to play on Valentine's Day so bad that I do not know where to start. I'll say this though; here's a movie that makes me look to complicate Valentine's Day cards we used to give in elementary school. As you know, those declared by Batman: "You are a great Valentine's Day to fight crime!" Ignores the impact of screaming. The wicked is all-knowing and unarmed. Heroes easily fear when people run around the corners and grab them by the shoulders who shout "HeyIjustleftmycoatbehind!" The result is more than the tyrant mother of Norman Bates. <br /> <br /> Follow the phantom plot of many childhood friends, who are now grown up and very curly. Since the film does not give them anything else, they stand and wait until a masked stalker kills them one by one. It seems that this stalker is former nerd Jeremy Milton, who has been consistently rejected by women and beaten by men in high school. As Valentine's Day approaches, women begin to receive frightening cards that predict them. Milton seems like a clear suspect. The only problem is, as many personalities warn, in thirteen years, Milton could have changed his appearance to look great and handsome. So (Enter the bizarre pedicure here) Everyone is suspect! <br /> <br /> This is the problem. In order to feel any suspense while watching Valentine's Day, you have to accept a reality where a high school nerd is able to become David Boreanaz. The nerds do not turn into an angel when they grow up, turning into older and more hard-headed freaks. He is not a terrible actor, but the script, which is at least four books, does not give him and the rest of the actors anything but screaming and going out. Denise Richards (Hollywood's most notorious actress who did not star in Baywatch) is used in particular; the most shameful excuse is to make her wear a bathing suit before the crucial thrill scene. Note for yourself: Always bring a swimsuit for Valentine's Day party. Just because the month of February does not mean you may not feel that you are swimming a little. <br /> <br /> Italics in Valentine's Day dresses are black from head to toe with a Cherub mask. Here's problem number two. The filmmakers thought clearly that this would be a disturbing picture on the head of someone beating people in the face with a hot iron. Normal and simple, it is not. Instead, I was wondering how a person with a mask covering his entire face, including his eyes and ears, could move stealthily without hitting his chairs or tables. Then again, looking at the things that Cupid Keller is doing, maybe he can move immediately and his eyes are on his hands. <br /> <br /> The movie is not only bad, but it's not sure who is the killer; the final "twist" is more "huh?" From "huh!" When you do not scratch your head you groan, then moan, then look for the nearest exit. You do not see this movie. Even if you are lonely on Valentine's Day, look for something, something else, what you have to do. You'll be glad you did.
