I am now in Iraq doing a job that gives a lot of time to watch movies. We also have access to a lot of pirated movies, and this gem came with 11 other films, which is the worst I've ever seen in a long time. I have seen some other reviews that claim that this movie does not take itself seriously, but in fact, I think this is covering up the fact that it is horrible. Not a tongue in cheek, the book really thinks they're getting better at Blade. This movie is just one degree above Vampire Assassin, which if you have not seen it, I would recommend. At least, this movie is so incredibly bad that you will laugh harder than you think. This is true in this cusp of not reclaiming qualities ever. From bad behavior, to visible cliches, to special effects in Adobe. They could not even get blanks for guns, which might be related to the scene of the film, but if you were to use the effects, make them close to precision. As for the actors, they seem to have just gone to Tai Po class and chose the first one who did not come out of the ugly chick. Again, like Ron Hall in Vampire Assassin, do not let the trick of popular action, they can not. Also, the comment on this is the "return of old vampire movies" ... no, it is not. This is exactly what revolves around all the new vampire movies. Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Blade, Underworld, all about some super stars who are fighting vampires. This is the latest type of vampire, with bad blood, fake screams, cheese on acting. It is clear that anyone who has written a good evaluation on this subject is somehow associated with the film or its friends. But what interests me, I paid 33 cents for it. Anyway, at the end, someone in the first semester of the film school decided to make a film, so give it credit because it's better than I can do. Of course I also know that I can not make films, so I do not try. I do not know how to watch movies though. I work 12 hours a night, 6 days a week. I have seen several thousand in the year I spent here and this was so bad that I was hoping for a mortar attack.
