Karen (Bobby Phillips), after one of her children came out of control with his nagging nagging jokes, remembers that she will never survive this trip. Is she the money? Karen is a schoolteacher who moves her group of children from Shibley College of Historical Studies to the ugly place of the Manor era in the main piles of Ruth Ireland .. Certainly there are places in this country more pleasing to the senses than this ?! Acting Mayor Manor, Gary (Simon Peacock) warns Karen and her students to stay on the road and not drift into the forest. There is a legend about the Sawney Bean Clan, a carnivorous carnivorous family celebrating the end of the summer (31 October) "the feast of the dead" where sacrifice is needed to placate lives. Gary is supposed to be an ascetic, as his cousin Pandora (Ginger Lynne Allen) tells us, because he was born in Samahain. Funny, because he sure does not see the results well or even advise thoroughly. Almost everyone dies (even those who have not moved away from the path) and does not see his fate as heinous. What this monster hears is the victim of so much of the marriage of relatives ... looks like a deformed mushroom face and looks like a terrible rejection of Mad Max's image. It does not take long before the "evil breeders" kill everyone. Paul (Howard Rosenstein) is Karen's interest in love, who made the wrong decision to go to Ireland without knowing his former girlfriend. <br /> <br /> The horrible, vulgar formula is not going away from the base. It is a very small budget that appears loud, and the characters are cliches of the assembly line packed again to slaughter in the usual usual way. Most of the violence flickered across the screen quickly with little detail about the death of the breeder towards his victims. A lot of courage is pulled out during quick edits while another scene fails. The sight of Gillian Liss's magnificent naked body for a moment or two is not a sufficient incentive to recommend it. Phil Price has the character of a really naughty crook, Steve, who often gives up bad jokes. That makes him able to get Leigh's Barbara a disgrace while showering for some action is to guess anyone because I have no reason to stop him from having such a hottie. Brandy Ann Melbrant has a lucky role for tea, the quiet pristine smart girl (which is also very hot) that we know will be chosen by the survival scenario. Jenna Jameson goes down long enough to pull her heart out of her chest (at least see her breasts for a moment before her chest opens) with some simple lines around two missing friends looking for her. The main problem in the film is that the development of the story and character stops because he realizes that none of them are fun at all. So the director Christian Vale leaves only his monster running rampant in a massacre and blurs a whole group of players in one fell swoop. In ten minutes. Oh, and Richard Greco had a small veil in the open as a victim who had crossed the road to Camp Khiam with his mule.
