In 1914, Charlie Chaplin began making pictures. It was manufactured for Mack Sennett (also known as Keystone Studios) and was produced literally in a very fast sequence. The short comedy had very little structure and was completely covered. As a result, films, despite their popularity in their day, were appalling according to today's standards. Many of them are very similar to home movies that show hideous relatives running away from the camera. Many others show that people walk around in front of the camera and do little. Regardless of the result, Keystone sent them directly to the theaters. I assume that all the films at this time should be very bad, as Keystone's films with Chaplin were very successful. <br /> <br /> Charlie Chaplin, whom we know and like today, began to develop later in his career with Chaplin Keystone. By 1915, he signed a new lucrative contract with Essenay Studios and films were greatly improved with Chaplin as director. However, at times these films were still very difficult and not particularly memorable. No, Chaplin as a cute little fisherman is still evolving. In 1916, when he switched to Mutual Studios, his films improved again and became the most famous gentleman - in many previous films he was just a jerk (either he drank too much wine, hit the women, sparking fights with innocent people, etc.) . The last development of Little Tramp came to its classic place in the 1920s as a result of its long films. <br /> <br /> Interestingly, this movie is called TWENTY MINUTES OF LOVE since it lasted about 10 minutes! Oh, okay. The plot, as little as there is, involves a little tingling in the garden. The couple wants the neck but without explanation, Charlie insists on sitting practically on the couple's bosom and really upsetting them. I can not understand the reason and the short consists of Charlie wandering around the park annoying these people and some others later in the film. Maybe he was looking for a trio, I do not know. But the film lacks coherence and is not particularly funny - even when people start slapping each other and pushing each other into the lake. A typical poor effort before Chaplin begins to give his character a personal plot.
