First, this is worth about 5 stars because of the acting (some would give me a better personal opinion and not a subject as it should be by giving this a well worth, star) but then I know that those facts are used for the representative (s) Such as this ... <br /> <br /> I have a problem with these products; another attempt (such as "unchecked") for a methodical advertising feature that encourages government intrusion into your rights (how much attention it takes at a time when IPS service providers "Preference" = control information, Americans and Canadians fight against this at this particular moment). This time it is not by describing the torrent files as being malicious (this is intended to remind you of this feeling whenever data is transmitted on the network), but by literally trying to create a sexually frustrated society as a whole. The promotion of fear seems to be Hollywood NORM these days, especially when it comes to thriller movies, which are the most "on demand" movies over the past two decades or so = the most viewed, the best way to try to influence society as a whole. These levels of violence are reflected in these observations of "moral" and "moral" persons, which give a very new meaning to the characters of the "heroes". Make no mistake, this is not a "DEXTER" that was supposed to be a high-quality entertainment. Stop selling "FEAR" Please, the world will be a better place without it and the dollars from it. <br /> <br /> The opening scene and generally the first 10 minutes really give a scary picture of Erroll Babbage who is clearly experiencing sexual frustration. The way he deals with black male is very disturbing if not explicit racism (certainly "cliché" at least) (in real life someone may be beaten for, you'll see what I mean). The second scene (with the character Claire Danis) is more extreme. At that point, I realized, in my opinion, that Erroll Babbage is a very dangerous person for the people around him. Many people, who have seen or seen this film, have not "remained" (with regard to both sexes) self-motivated. Usually the film gives the case of an extreme crime (which unfortunately did, and is likely to occur again sometime, somewhere) but everyone fingers indirectly as well as "you can become it", etc. Anyone familiar with Sigmund Freud and Jung will know very well that sexual activity is not something that should be judged not to mention "donkeys", through this "hero" fanatic here. The practice of safe sex in its various forms is healthy and not some evil, which seems to have the character of Richard Gere obsessed with it, and is on its way to some "crusades" sexual. Did not we learn something from the recent scandals involving the priests and young children? Or how long can an American teenager see violent violence on "PG-13", but he can not even see a woman's breast even "R-18"!?!? (However, this industry targets them with VERY SAME sexual anomalies such as the American Pie Series, for example). Raise the level of children in the first level but frustrate them and push them to work underground in putting an idol on an unhealthy Xtreme !? All sexual activities (based on MUTUAL acceptance) integrate individuals better and then some "right" issues, which blame their misfortunes and shortcomings on "the lives of others" (a new German film that would work magnificently in comparing these two world class distinctions) Features in the same subject). Here, as in this film, actors are likely to appreciate their portrayal of what they should be. <br /> <br /> I'm very disappointed with Richard Gere after the last "fishing party", a feature that really shines and a more realistic "hero" (after real facts too). But that reminds me only that all these people are just representatives getting money to play political or someone's social agenda. "The herd" and "can not be tracked" with two heads of the same hidden monster))) Just reminds you, if you know anyone who has similar views on the subject as complete, as Erroll Babbage has those who are here, to stay away from them for THEIR. You will kill my family faster then any chances of 0.00001 from Paul Girod in anyone's life ... <br /> <br /> In the end I recommend this to anyone who thinks negatively here about my "assessment" of this film (and "can not be tracked "In fact), so you probably have similar ideas as you did. Nothing is sweeter then a propaganda film depicts itself in the "foot.")))) Once I agree with the rating, this is not an advantage for teenagers or children; simply because at best it confuses them more than the "common" "And how it relates to sex. For series and movies "Screeching" at least, the value of specific entertainment (even if it is stupid in my opinion). But this one is just "trust me and I know what is good for you" deeply (do not do well I may add) camouflaged messages.
