First of all, I would say that I like drawing a "ladies man" on SNL. I always laugh out loud at Tim Meadows and Leon Phelps. However, there is a difference between an 8-minute drawing and a long-length film. It is very fun to see Leon performing, making obscene comments on his listeners and finding all kinds of slides to show, such as "The Ladies Man Presents ..." which reminds us of "Alfred Hitchcock Presents ...". There is a wonderful episode in which Cameron Diaz plays the role of Monica Lewinsky, while Leon plays the role of Bill and calls him the "Oral Office". See, this is funny! <br /> <br /> In the film, Leon does not see much in the show. In fact, he is expelled from almost every radio station in the country. The plot revolves around his quest for true love, including a secret message that slipped into his vehicle signed by Sweet Thing. Karen Parsons, famed for playing "Prince Prince of Bel Air", plays with him in the show and has a secret secret on Leon. The film accumulates on a boring sub-piece after another. The gags are boring as well. The first time we see where Leon mentions the word "Wang" it is very funny. When he uses it over and over again, he is supposed to try to get laughter, the humor has dried up. Most of the jokes he uses in the film are jokes we heard before, and we did better, to draw SNL and play it tediously for one hour and twenty-five minutes. They even try to include a musical number by Will Ferrell and his gang of hating a ladies man, who all want to destroy because their wives had an affair with him, to bring some life to this comedy that does not know shyness. Ferrell has some funny moments, trying to make the most of an unusual role. Ferrell has that unique talent, which is funny in almost anything he does. Even Julian Moore gets the inscription. Watch them, you can only wonder "What the hell is the Oscar-winning actress in this movie? !!!!" Her name was not mentioned in the opening credits - perhaps with her consent. The course must include a film on the subject of the same love master, Billy De Williams. Billy De is an attractive figure as always, but even he can not broadcast enough life in this film. I must also add that the soundtrack is full of soft R & B clips, which weakens the movie more, and gives it an awesome tone - as if the script is not boring enough. I mean, this "supposed" to be a comedy. The soundtrack was suitable for something like "Love Jones". <br /> <br /> "The Ladies Man" has only intermittent laughs. There are exceptions where SNL can produce a great movie through a short sketch. Watch both "Wayne's World" movies and you'll see how it works. But this film, just like adapting the character of Mary Kathryn Gallagher on the screen in "Superstar", shows the other side. Some graphics are supposed to be remembered on the SNL, not on the silver screen. <br /> <br /> Outcome: 3 (out of 10)
