Many prominent personalities in the 1969 film "Hitokiri" by Hidio Gocha (Mansler; also known as "Tenchu" - Heaven's Punishment) were real historical figures (in the arrangement of Western names): Rioma Sakamoto, Hambeta Takichi, Aninokuji. The name "Hitokiri", a historical term, refers to a group of four top swords who have carried out numerous assassinations of key figures in the Tokugawa Shogunate ruling in the mid-nineteenth century under orders of Takichi, the leader of the "loyalists". (Ie extreme nationalism, loyal to the emperor) of the Tosa clan. What was this conflict? Sad to say, you will not find in this film. "A brilliant history lesson" really! <br /> <br /> No, Gosha is much more interested in showing the usual bloody anatomy and chopping and (along tampering) the inner torment of the very unkind killer Izo Okada than in revealing the actual date. Sakamoto, for example, was a person of historical importance and was considered the father of the Japanese Imperial Navy. The closest thing to Gosha is to present a historical lesson, the scene in which Sakamoto, whom Takashi regards as the traitor of the sincere cause, comes to the Tacchi Palace to try to influence him ideologically. Begins to talk about the international political situation, with foreign warships in the ports of Japan and Japan so militarily weak that they can not defend them. Want to learn more? Sorry. Gocha interrupts this wonderful lecture in the middle of the sentence (!). Much to tell his audience a turning point in Japanese history. <br /> <br /> The film left me very confused about the objectives of both sides in this conflict. For two and a half centuries, Shogunate was the central authority of Japan, an institution devoted to the prevention of social change and the maintenance of the feudal relations of society. She feared external pollution, both ideological and technological. In keeping with this spirit, firearms and "settlement" tools were banned in Europe and the Americas, which the peasant could stand before the samurai. Throughout this period, the emperor was no more than a spiritual figure. <br /> <br /> But in cities that were located in neutral areas between feudal estates, there was a new class of merchants, realtors and craftsmen developing - the class known in Europe as its French, bourgeois. Inevitably, when this new class gained power, it crashed against many of the boundaries of feudal society. As in Europe, the king became the central figure in the bourgeois struggle for power against the feudal aristocracy. But political leadership does not always understand the interests of the class it serves. When the outside world arrived with a stir in 1853, in the form of the "black ships" of Admiral Perry, Japan's ruling elite was thrown into crisis. Their army was not identical with these foreigners. They also heard of the devastation that British and French imperialists were waging in China. What should Japan do to save itself from the fate of its weak neighbor? Surprisingly, some elements within isolationist shogunate have tended to open trade with foreigners in order to acquire some advanced technology. This is the actress's (hardly) point of view in Sakamoto's film. On the other hand, the pro-emperor hardliners, who are represented by Takeshi, believed they could forcibly remove foreigners if they could only prevent the other faction from "selling the country." (This seems familiar?) Thus, the assassination of the main characters of Shogunate is proper - and away from going. <br /> <br /> Takechi, for me, was the biggest mystery in the film. Gocha suggests that he is fighting mainly for his personal progress and not for the loyal cause. Can we take this to represent the content of loyalists as a whole? (Do you care?) <br /> <br /> Many reviewers compared this movie positively with "Goyokin", produced by Gosha in the same year. But, when "Goyokin" is an adventurous and disgusting yarn, with a hero worthy of sympathy, the "Hitokiri" thrives, which is not close to persuasion and lacks such a hero. Sakamoto could have been a hero in this film, but we are not allowed to know him - or what he represents - well enough to achieve this. <br /> <br /> Due to his impressive scores in five previous Kurosawa films, Masaru Sato's result here was very disappointing, which seemed to be something to be rejected from the "Bonanza" episode. <br /> <br /> Barry Farid
