I used to review the videos of Joe Bob Briggs' mythical news story. I've seen a lot of dementia, but that was by far the worst, and the years were not nice - it's still the most inappropriate crime I've ever seen. Do not get me wrong - CAGED TERROR is technically more technically efficient, for example, MONSTER-A-GO-GO or GUY than HARLEM or something like that. What enhances her claim as the worst film of all time for me is a unique blend of bare competence with oppressive excuses. Is it Vietnam's comment? Environmental protest? Incitement to a riot? Study of man's humanity to man? New exercise in natural filler clips (approx) feature length? In short: a professional civilian young man (perhaps the most horrifying screen character ever) somehow seduces a good Asian-American colleague to camp in the forest with him. After beating her with the near-philosophical clap of the best part of an hour, they run past two roving veterans, the unforgettable Jarvis, and Charoch Tupadador (the Manson family, who wears the guitar). Hey, plot development! Tension! Action! suspense! Well, no, just a sexy sight to climb in the temporary wire for chicken and light farm. The victim stares unquestioningly at the kidnappers and the bathers, "No ... no ... please ... no ..." At the same time, Jarvis Tropdor addresses it as "Tropez" every two minutes, taking into account not Something like the odd star of PEAN POD Juan Piquer. That's all that happens in CAGED TERROR, and such a summary may make it seem almost acceptable. But trust me, I've seen thousands of movies in my life. For the last eight years since I first saw it, this film has been the worst. (I install it in the old VCR once every two years or so just to reassure myself, and to reassure myself certainly.) I think the element that makes CAGED TERROR very hateful is this: very little happens, and though little that little does happen happens very badly Very slowly, what makes it really irresistibly mandatory is the suffocating feeling that filmmakers really, really want to drop a sort of message down your throat. But because CAGED TERROR is inefficient and inefficient, what is meant as a lesson in civic education becomes an extensive pathway to discomfort. The film is 75 minutes long and looks like three and a half hours. It is terrible, really terrible. O people, trust me, I have seen supporters still walking, and this is worse. Go see it! You will thank me. And, just cursing me, my favorite line: (in CAGED TERROR but probably at all) "Yes, well, you might think Solomon's song was symbolic of Christ's love for the Church ...!" (Note: they must be delivered in a manner of concerted dedication).
