I see a few positive reviews in this forum, where I try to revive this film from its dull state and start its followers in the doctrine. I see the usual yelling - "I think this film is not just to easily offend him," "This film is not Shakespeare," and so on. It was not a Road Trip! I laughed my ** off during this movie! There is a way to do a tasteless comedy and laugh; there is a way to ... just make it rough and tasty. "Flicker" tries to be a "joker" without intelligence or intelligence. He seems to have been written through the eyes of a 14-year-old boy. For God's sake, the characters in this film are supposed to be white-collar and straight citizens - and talk like some idiots I knew in their first year of high school! Dialogue is drowning - like drowning - with four-letter words. You might think people who enjoy their status will get a degree of intelligence - and more comprehensive vocabulary. Just watch Whit Stillman and you'll see the difference. Not to mention the fact that the dialogue seems caricature is quite unrealistic and frank. If you know any successful white-collar businessmen speak like characters in this movie - please let me know and let me know. Their annoying sexual jokes are equivalent to the standard locker room conversation among adolescents who reach puberty. There is no idea about relationships, sex or ... anything !!! It is just a small excuse to present a very large group - and do not take the word "end" as a matter of course, because I mean it with all my heart - the cruel gags. These are gags with no material. Gags that mean more to the lovers than to laugh. The scene in the end between Amanda Pitt and her friends was completely unwarranted and completely unconvincing. There are some films that involve female interaction written by men (straight) and play wonderfully. This scene includes a collection of metaphors and sexual gestures. It involves the kind of dialogue you can not imagine leaving a woman's mouth. One of those scenes was remarkably written. I did not believe it for a second. <br /> <br /> "Freak" is just a sick male fantasy that is as flat as it is annoying. I have laughed (too) of this comedy that can be completely forgotten, and perhaps that was the result of despair. When you do not laugh for a long period of time, you are severely looking for humor in the most trivial things. So I will not mark it as positive.
