As a music student, I thought watching a movie in a winter garden might be fun to see. I did not know ... (I had no idea that the film was based on a Britney Spears book). It was unbelievable all the time. It is clear that all of the script writers did not set foot in a winter garden and knew nothing about classical music. Let me give you just a few examples: 1) There is no way anyone will be accepted into the classical music institute without any classic training at all! Just owning a nice pop sound is not enough, besides, this is a completely different thing - another kind, a different technique. It's like playing a violin when applying for a Viola class. 2) How did the theory of music teaching come to the woman in the singing jury? If she was not a lyricist herself, she would not have a say in such a position. If she was a lyricist, why did not she tell us that? 3) Being able to read music is essential if you are head in music. 4) How did Angela get on this video? It was supposed to remain secret, to the eyes of the jury only. Now either they got the tape from a professor or scriptwriter they did not have a clue. I wonder ... (5) The singer gave Holly Carmen a song saying she had "the range," which she did not do clearly. Yes, she was able to sing the tunes, but Carmen is a soprano, while Holly's voice seemed much lighter in sound, not at all compatible with that song. 6) Worst of all: The film does not show horror when it comes to classical music, but does not try to hide it. Angela's deformed song surpasses her ability to recognize, a painfully stark reality in the Hitt, where it is cut in a shameful way - Mozart rolls through his grave. The Habanera of Carmen seemed a little strange at times too, and the way it was rearranged in the end shows how few producers really think of classical music - it's solid and dull but hey, add some drums and electric guitars and almost as good as Britney Spears! I know these are all simple details, but they were easy to avoid just by doing a little research. Anyway, maybe you have chosen to comment not to confirm if the characters are schematic and assertive. But without that, I can not really find any replacement properties in this movie except for one film: it's good for laughter.
