I was excited when I heard that they had finally turned this horrible event into a movie. The entire era (Southern California in the 1980s) and the theme (the drug industry and pornography) are of interest to me. I thought this would be a sure blow to the fire. I was not pleased with the choice of Kilmer Holmes, they do not look alike in physical appearance or behavior. I think he sells tickets? However, I was willing to overlook this and give him a fair chance. I was a little shocked because there were only four other people in the entire theater with me on that first day of the show. Now it's hard to do the whole crime and the story in the film, I'll admit it. There were no witnesses to this violent and brutal act. John Holmes was there, but he was also a satisfactory liar and worried about what could happen to his family (and himself) if he talked to the police about it. In fact, Holmes never saw what happened, and the crime was not resolved. So, this was still a big mystery, a mystery that this film does not do anything to shed light on. The person writing the script had a lot of discretion and most of the main characters were dead. However, there is no real story, it is claptrap fragmented. The script is light and the actors are trying hard to enhance paper thin lines by over-writing. The film does not give an idea of ​​Holmes or the other people involved. Kilmer's character disappear for a long time, his girlfriend boring, the police are jokes. Even Kudrow tries hard to make the role of the most important look great. It's a very shallow piece and I dare say it's boring. The director tries to turn it into a love story. It's a nice thing, unless you know anything about the piece of junk John Holmes really had. You may have helped here a few scenes from "Dance Nights" to Anderson. "Boogie Nights" was innovative and exciting in all respects. On the other hand, this film was flat and without any real charm or style. Even the music is invalid, since the spin rotation is running in a scene that was supposed to have happened in 1980. Then we have Gordon Lightfoot? Gordon Lightfoot? There could have been a wonderful film based on this heinous event, but I have not seen it yet. I have not even seen a decent one yet (unless you're considering the Rahad Jackson scene from Boogie Nights).
