Takashi Shimizu had a great chance with a new version of his original film Ju-On The Grudge. Although I have not seen this film, I must bet that there is more imagination and originality (or some intermittent originality, in other words a skill with well-known prizes from the Japanese ghost movie) than in his new film. The script may have been written in one way or another of the kind of garbled appeal, or I think the accessibility, to an American audience. What begins with some potential - hinting at something that happens in the sudden movement of Bill Pullman - is completely mixed up. And as a horror film? Jamie Break. <br /> <br /> It was possible to build tension on the situation - a nurse will take care of a troubled woman in a haunted house - but it eases everything that the audience wants to feel. Scare? What about some timing music just so you know when to expect something exactly. A black cat? Yes, why not make a ghost voice just look like a cat in order to creep, which is actually creepy only if you want cats. Plot? Why not mix past and present without any resemblance to the real flow of how the story is narrated (ie, while past memories are inserted and intended to be membership with the story in general, they are not), or so we care about anyone in the cast. <br /> <br /> By the time the characters, or those present to reveal, tell us what is going on or something, nothing matters to us. Filmmaking is poor (ie 180 degrees broken several times and not in a forgiving or intriguing way), and wooden performances even when they look scared or shocked (Gellar's own disappointing, but Pullman later shows up after his first scene, is severely miscast). Even when Shimizu is trying to intimidate "Bo" the old medium, as if the women in the office building and chasing by the ghost of the idiots, it is still ridiculous. Just watched when driving on this elevator and was stealth in the background shots. Either go with it, and if that is your strength, you will laugh hysterically on the results. Calculate me in the last. <br /> <br /> I'm not quite sure where this project happened - did Shimizu have to re-equip it to the studios, or was he not given enough time to renew his vision? Or maybe Rami had an opinion on it and made things more confusing and / or boring than they might be with someone else. Grudge gives us a lot of stale information or at least give us some horror feed to chew. It's Cineplex garbage is sad.
