Well, what are the odds! At just the right moment, a few amateur hikers discover cave paintings that suggest that a kind of dinosaur monster may have inhabited the area for thousands of years. A burning meteorite collides with the lake and hatchs the monster egg that lies there spontaneously. For over a thousand years, I suppose! "The Crater Lake Monster" is a movie you should literally think it thinks, but it is best to do so with many friends and a pile of jingles in order to make it easy to digest a bit. Yes, this is a terrible film with the most imaginative scenario and irrelevant interludes that are unambiguously embarrassing, but also irresistibly charming and so clumsy that you simply have to admire it a bit. Half film ?? at least ?? Spins on the foolish adventures of Arne and Mitch. They have two local cages and run a boat rental shop near the lake, but spend most of their days choosing their noses and quarreling over such wonderful things as spelling "bait". New blood spots or headless heads are often detected in the lake during their typical Lorel and Hardy situation. Steve Hanson, Sheriff heroic, but not sharp, is the case, but only if it is not too busy chasing thugs from the big city that travels across the region. In the middle of the film, there is suddenly a sudden scene about a thief stealing a liquor store and killing two people in the process. It seems that the moment of this WTF book takes the other side of the country, as in New York City or anything, and has nothing to do with the events at Lake Crater. Just twenty minutes later, the thief reappeared in Hicksville and there was a "delightful" chase through the forest, ending in the hungry Dino muzzle. The ridiculous details in "The Crater Lake Monster" are too many and can not be mentioned! For example, this may be the only feature where players have discovered the mandatory giant footprint after discovering the actual monster. The idiot must be as legendary in continuity as I am concerned. It's like everyone forgot to pay attention to it. The night turns into twilight in the day and back to the twilight ?? All during the same daily session! There is no doubt that the monster is the best side of the film, especially that it was accomplished through the effects of a wonderful and innovative movement. The cute creature is plesiosor. This means that water dinosaurs resemble the hybridization between Denver and the last dinosaurs and crocodiles. "Crater Lake Monster" is a unique and memorable experience for movies, and I can only encourage them to track it! Poor evaluation of 1 out of 10 is just a principle (and because this is a very bad film in the first place) should be put into its proper perspective, because I probably could have given it 10 out of 10 for the tremendous entertainment value.
