Well, I may be having a series of Indian movies recently. You've asked Apharan's video store (Prakash Jha) but as a new version, it's not yet available. So I had to settle this one. It turned out to be the dumbest Indian film I've seen (and I've seen quite a few). No wonder that "Blaeywood" is the world's most smiley stock if IMDb has negative ratings, I will give Garam Masala -10. <br /> <br /> I remember seeing a television show about the premiere of the Jazz they offered to release in Mumbai. All the usual celebrities and their side limbs appeared. For some strange reason, people expect good things from Piyadarashan. I did not like Hulchul or Hungama or his other films. Holshul, dubbed "Tamil" or "Telugu", has a very high fare in your face, once again, and has little meaning except in a Bollywood click. This last part of the absolute CXXP proved that this man has no brains. Who made it a way out, and even a Bollywood director in it ??? <br /> <br /> Anyway, to the movie now. What begins when romantic adventures turns into chasing an insensitive woman. Two fashion photographers working in a magazine share an apartment (not like No Entry where the men work in gossip magazine and share an office with Jezuz Christ, now they're copying their stories!) Well, anyway, there are some chefs or a chef trying to help a dodo in his quest to get On Love Multiplayer (aka Multi-Task + Multi-Time). What happened in the end, I have no idea. I've closed halfway. What are unwanted junk. I can not believe they even released it. And how sadistic to be immersed in their own filth! For what audience did they do - the poor illiterate Indian masses (700 miles in the last count) or the high-heeled NRI dis who reside in Forn? Either way it does not matter. No group has any idea what makes a good film and may deserve such terrible things. <br /> <br /> It's a short review because there's nothing to write about, but the usual bag of class F trash. Bollywood should change its name to Follywood. And yes, this review is much better than the movie itself.
