I never understood why some people hated Bollywood movies: they have charismatic actors, wonderful dance numbers, and growing feelings - what do not you like? What I did not realize was that I had only seen the top Bollywood crust. Then I saw "Masala crime". I can tell from the first scene that this was not a film I wanted to watch (the film opens with a montage of two khayyabs driving around the city and apparently appearing quietly on a series of photo settings filled with compact models), but I kept hoping things would get better. Unfortunately, they did not. The main problem is that the two heroes, Mac & Sam, are completely unsympathetic. They spend the entire film lying to women - and brutally lying - to get them to bed, and the audience is supposed to find this funny, and be charming. The boys are unscrupulous and incompetent, not in a loving way. So that Mac goes beyond being a drug woman in order to prevent her from discovering her cheating. The text is very bad, with frequent scenes, settings never leading to anything, and procedures and statements are illogical by characters. In fact, characters are never developed at all. Males are rude, greedy tremors, and women only interchangeably. If you go to this movie, you will think that "air hostesses" are easy to transport from one man to another. In fact, betrayal is not very comic. <br /> <br /> The only bright spots I found in the film were a single dance number that had great collections, and for a few moments in a playful manner that included aspects of French masquerade, the door closes in the story. But Bollywood dance is best enjoyed in Farah Khan's films, and for comics, you can also go straight to the silent comedy of Poster Keaton and Harold Lloyd, who seem to have influenced the writer / director Brijanshan not a little. Breyadeshan also has a false deduction for his invention of the story: The basic premise of this plot is stolen from the 1960 Boeing Buoy. The original author of this work, Marc Camulletti, is not attributed to him anywhere. At least, Breyadeshan changed the title of this new version, instead of using the original text brazenly without giving any credit, as he did in his 1985 novel of the same story. (According to the IMDb credit list.)
