Based on Stephen King's mid-short story about the so-called "old sleeping creatures" that resemble a cat that absorbs life from virgins for this energy to carry them supernatural abilities - they can make themselves "which means they become invisible and can They have been creating a mirage to deceive people, who have been fleeing human beings for a century and have been picked up one after the other until there are only two left in. The film begins when a beautiful mother and her son arrive in a sleepy town. They are the last to sleep in the flood of virgins to feed. The mother sends her son to join Palm (Madchen Amick) and continues to try to get it on her own so that he can absorb it dry.It is not clear why the mother can not search for the virgins herself - it will make things easier than one would imagine where the boy Young people are more likely to follow a beautiful old woman in a secluded area than follow a teenage girl to her teenage boy, but his plans were thwarted while the girl was fighting back and taking a pencil in his ear. The son is sick from his wounds, and so the mother continues to ferment, killing the police from left and right in her search for the girl who hurt her daughter and blanket painless in the middle. Finally, the girl kills the end of the film. This movie is nonsense! Variable representation, from Brian Krauss's average to Alice Craig's excellent. The special effects are mediocre and show some early effects of the computer and are somewhat interesting because they show the progress of these things in such a short time. The direction is confusing and the film is located in the campground in some places. It seems that the director is not sure whether we should be afraid to walk or sympathize with them and when it is doubtful that the film becomes hysterical. Stephen King makes a mildly amusing veil as an annoying gardener as Marc Hamel does, as a puzzling cop. Alice Craig seems to be carrying the film, giving her character a depth and giving a hint of what the film might be through a better screenplay and a better direction.
