So on Chills network on the cable, they face "Vampire Month", I love this lamp, but I love vampires. So after a few crosses they showed that I was very disappointed, but I noticed then that the book Sleepwalkers was written by Stephen King. So I decided to go ahead and check it out, and it surprised me a lot, this film was so bad. Most Stephen King movies are entertaining and some are very scary. While the Sleepwalkers were bad, it was a kind of nice bad. I spent a wonderful time laughing at this movie and took it just for what it was. I never read Sleepwalkers, which I understand is the only real vampire story of King, so I can not really compare the book to the film. I do not know if it's just TV, but the Sleepwalkers seem to have been made for television. The special effects were vulgar and the story was a bit distant, even if it was fictional. I had a lot of problems. <br /> <br /> Charles Brady and his mother Mary are vampires who feed the life force of virgin women. They are much more flexible than humans and have the powers of both mental stimulation and illusion. Their only weakness is cats, who can not only see through their illusions but their claws are able to inflict fatal and deadly wounds on them. It also maintains an incest relationship. Charles and Mary took up residence in the small town of Indiana. Charles attended the local high school, where he met Tanya Robertson in a creative writing class. Tania does not doubt the real reason behind Charles' desire to get her. To take the strength of her life for his mother, who starved. At first, Charles seems to have fallen in love with Tania. But in their first history, a stroll in the nearby cemetery, Charles tries to drain the life force of Tania while kissing her. As it happens, Sheriff Andy Simpson, who earlier tried to pull Charles out for speed, drives his car into the cemetery and notices Charles' car. When Tania runs to him, Charles follows and kills Andy. When Charles begins to resume his life-consuming life with Tania, Clovis's cat rises to the occasion and kills Charles by scratching his face and chest. Charles was mortally wounded by Clovis, and Charles returns home to Mary. Mary then seeks revenge from the Tania family. <br /> <br /> To summarize this film basically, you should expect to pour cheese. The scene in which Charles Tania attacks for the first time is cliche and almost votes for Charles to win just because Tania is one of the dumbest female horror movies. Then you will love the scene where Mary has a weapon and shoot it on a police car, and somehow the whole thing explodes, God bless Hollywood in explosions and exaggerations. I take the film for what it is, it is so bad that it turns into a dark comedy for me that I can enjoy. I'm not sure if this is what Stephen King wanted to see for his story, but he has a typical veil in the film. So my suggestion is if you watch this movie, just take what it is and do not think about it, it's reckless entertainment through the effects of wheat, bad casting, silly and enough cats to make crazy cat lady from The Simpson's say "Wow, that's a lot of cats." <br /> <br /> 4/10
