I have to agree with some other comments and even go a step further. <br /> <br /> Nothing happened in this film, and nothing at all. Delmar takes our central character's decision to become an alternative mother in order to earn enough money to buy a restaurant but all the way to one of the wise former prison birds. At the same time her friend Hortens tries to make her lawyer friend eventually marry her. You happen to be sleeping with Marlon you love so much. Then there is the brother of Delmar Guthrow, who gets involved with the former coke addict, Messi, who reveals her sexual abuse by her adoptive father. On the sidelines, we also have an eccentric who has a variety of odd friends alike, someone dying on the couch at the beginning of the film. Very good but after presenting these characters and story lines that deal with life, death, sadness and love in the first half, the film loses its direction. <br /> <br /> If the author has chosen only one or two letters and allowed us to follow their stories, things may be good, but equal screen time is allocated to everyone, resulting in no story or character developed. For example, why does Delmar think she will be able to hand over her child for money, especially when the potential parents are a zealous lawyer and his wife, who is almost alcoholic and depressed? Why is Hortense so desperate to marry a jerk man who obviously does not like her? How is Messi managing to kick her Coke normally overnight? Are Jethro regularly attracted to women who have overwhelming problems, or is Missy the exception? Was Delmar and Heathrow's mother always on the other side eccentric, or was it a modern development? Why does Heathrow so keen on Cadillac that he has one in the middle of the living room? Why did Moses spend years in jail to steal a car, a relatively simple crime? How does Delmar succeed in having a baby of Moses when there is no indication that they have had sex before? <br /> <br /> These questions are asked in the scenario but unfortunately they have never been answered. I can only assume that they answered in the original novel and that is why the writer felt the need to include them all in the script. big mistake. The loss of several sub-plots, especially the story of Hortens and Marlon, which add nothing to the gross film, would greatly complicate matters and allow more time to develop the characters of Delmar, Githero and Moses, which are obviously more important in the plot and core themes. <br /> <br /> Add to this the most pedestrian style seen outside the regular soap opera and the result is a huge missed opportunity for everyone, including Jorja Fox who is doing her best to move up the material. I am not surprised that this film was the director's last film, as this effort does not show any evidence of visual style or the ability to tell a story that is moving and intelligent.
