This film does not shake, as others have said. I found it boring and really silly. The story revolves around this child from high school who worships this really bad metal singer. The singer dies, but not before he releases another album that runs on the radio, of course, at midnight on Halloween (which actually makes it the first of November, a less confirmed date). The child gets a copy of the record and contains hidden play messages. It is also the key that opens the door so that the bad metal singer can really return to bring ruin and death to the world. <br /> <br /> The first part of this movie is not a horror movie at all, but is a film of After School Special. See the metal child (outer) repeatedly tortured by famous children. And he failed to learn the most important lesson in high school movies: When nice children who suddenly inhale you invite you to a party, do not go! It is a trap. Especially if the party is gathering. Anyone surprised when it ends in water? This was after a "private school" and I waited for Melissa Su Anderson to teach Judy Foster and teach him. So this mineral child has some powers and instead of using them to kill bully boys (which meant more), he was trying to get out and trying to protect all bully boys and girls from harm. What? Sensitive hero? What fun in the horror film? Thank you Carrie White did not follow this lesson. He actually tries to prevent the music from playing in a Halloween dance, a music that can unleash the power to kill all the children they meant. If I were, I would have put this music on, and Pronto. <br /> <br /> The rest of the film revolves around this metal child who is circling the city in an attempt to kill the terrible metal star he was worshiping. Why not partner him and do some really hurt. Why are you asking? He seems to be in love with one of the wonderful girls and does not want to hurt .. It is suitable for Molly Ringwald film. Is this a horror film or a ring of beauty and beast? The film continues only at this stage, without any fear, horror or anything worth watching. If you go to high school in the late 1980s like you did, it's fun to get a little flashback for fashion and big hair, but that's the case. Skip it and stay at home and just listen to some kiss.
