Antonione, through the production of this film, took the role of Papa Smurfs for all radical American students with long hair. He took them under the guise of guiding his European Communist wings, expressing their appreciation and support for their confused American ways. (These are red-colored and blue-colored, and not vice versa). The old wolf was happy to receive guidance from a wise old man with gray hair who regularly extended to the god of all the long-haired Smurfs. Lenin the Communist - another wise old man who made his beard Smurfs take him more seriously because it symbolizes something wise, though they did not quite know why They considered that the beard had such a profound effect on them. Castro, a wise bearded man, often took advantage of this confusion and showed a magic power with his beard to his naive admirers abroad. (Not to mention Che Guevara: that beard has some details about it, make one want to embrace Marx immediately and his beautiful peaceful teachings?) The film begins with a meeting of drastically mixed radical students who participate in dialogues that really redefine the word "confused". Confused like a blindly folded dog falling into a high building in a pitless pit. Suddenly, the "hero" of the film (Well, the hero of Antonioni) and says something to his pathetic left-wing friends then leaves, hoping that this "foggy" show will improve James Dean's image and dramatically increase his chances of getting laid with the best "Chicks" "In the next hippie sweep of mass. In the end, he has a problem with the police (the pigs) in a rally, and spends the film under the sky of the blue American capital in search of freedom? Or something like that. <br /> <br /> Antony's predictable attack on capitalism is not only intellectually hollow, but (or has not) something new to offer; it's just a one-dimensional, trigger-happy cop, businessmen discussing business deals What's wrong with that, is not it how Anthony's movies are made?), Endless footage of TV commercials and billboards proclaiming morally repulsive products to the hateful, selfish and greedy Yemenites who think of no one but themselves, their families, their businesses and their children. <br /> <br /> Baba Smirf Anthony, just like his long life, Smurfs and Smurfettes of the late 1960s failed to notice the most vivid and vivid aspect of their absurd movement: they were allowed to hold their ridiculous meetings and express their anti-establishment views freely within that particular institution, While students in those countries that admired their leftist systems, did not (and still do not respect). To a large extent, the great irony about the hippies - Antonioni's failure to realize this too (his overheated judgment of cocaine abuse and an excessive amount of LSD) - is that the hippies were the rubbish remains of capitalism. This is unbelievably ironic. Only in a capitalist system works successfully, you can find these species called "hippies"; a group of losers of the middle and upper-middle class losers, dignitaries and selfish. <br /> <br /> The film itself seems to be going on forever. Antonioni takes his beautiful time and continues with it, including long scenes of meaningless, with a high dullness factor. His attempts at symbolism are annoying and vulgar. His statements are highly questionable, at best. This film is Antonioni's way of saying that violent revolution is the solution. That's what we get from a fat, saturated fat filmmaker who lives in villas and dine at the best French and Italian restaurants. <br /> <br /> I can not remember seeing any western film master of the Tiananmen massacre of thousands of students in China. But when a Western student is shot for coloring Che Guevara's face in all our faces, we get ten major films on the subject at one time. I suppose this means that Chinese life is worth a thousand times less than Western life ?? At least to the left-wing hypocrites who spread the films. <br /> <br /> If you are a neo-Marxist and have this terrible review, please click "No" below.
