This film is certainly the product of his time and is seen in any other context, it is an incredibly stupid film. Heck, even in its proper context, it's so bad !! It is mostly due to a ridiculous plot and a very tolerant attitude by the famous Italian director, Michelangelo Antonioni. In this case, he tried to mix a highly technical film with an anti-hippie film and only succeeded in producing a bomb of enormous proportions. <br /> <br /> The movie begins with a rap session where a lot of students sit "through" and they say such words "power to the people" and complain of "man". Since most of these hippies send their parents to college, it seems a little silly that these privileged children would complain loudly and shout revolutionary terms. Shortly afterwards, violence broke out among the students and "pigs of incorporation" and a policeman was killed. Our "hero", Mark, may or may not have done so, but he is forced to run to avoid trial. Instead of going to Mexico or Canada, do what a complete fool does - steal an airplane and fly it to the Mojave Desert! There, meet chick happens and then sit around the philosophy for hours. They then have sex in one of the sex scenes in the history of cinema. As they wander through the dust, other couples suddenly appear from everywhere and there is a huge orgy scene. While you see a bit of skin (summon R), they are not as clear as they could have been. In fact, it lasts long and seems so determined that it baffles the mind. And of course, when it is finished, many other couples fade into the air. <br /> <br /> It is strange that the couple later painted the plane with some help and it seems like Peter Max's invention. Despite improving the appearance of the aircraft, the evil men respond to his return to the aircraft by shooting at the beautiful revolutionary. When the girl discovers, she enters in a near-painful state and ends the film by imagining it to destroy her father's fascist pigs and all the evil they represent (such as hard work and responsibility). Instead of just one simple explosion, you see the same huge house exploding about 8 times. Then, inexplicably, you see televisions, refrigerators and other things explode in slow motion. While it is stupid, it is good to see it - it seems as if David Letterman blows things up or breaks them in his show. <br /> <br /> Regardless of the plot, the film suffers from a strong need for a single character as well as extensive editing. Can easily remove at least 15 minutes to speed things up a little - especially that there is really not much plot or dialogue. The bottom line is that this film is incredibly stupid, and I was not surprised to see it included in the book "The Fifty Worsst Films" by Harry Medved. It is a worthy addition to this foolish pantheon. For such a famous director to spend a lot of money to produce such a deceptive film is a crime! <br /> <br /> Two last observations. If you like funny hippie movies, try watching The TRIAL of BILLY JACK. Also, in the case of art that imitates life, the lead, Marc Fréchette, acted in his personality in real life. He died at the age of 27 years in prison a few years after participating in a "revolution" during which he and some of his friends stole a bank and killed an innocent person. Dang hippies!
