The precocious sequel extends to a high degree of credibility. The sociologist, Stanley Caldwell, this time returns to the production of his novel The Drowning of the Gardens, assuming the identity of the director of a second unit killed. <br /> <br /> A film that revels in Hollywood joy, with tongue-in-cheek writing taking shots of the tyrannical directors who sleep with their actors (looking for a way to climb the ladder) and hate anyone who challenges them to get full lights. Brian Crayus, whom I thought was terrifying, was overrated to the point of an unbelievably satirical spell, portraying a noisy and moody director who does not like the fact that the director of his second unit and screenwriter, Allison (played by Dalia Salem) seems to be producing. Andrew Mukham is Paul Parsons, a victim brother of the first film. The dark humor of the film this time takes the serial killer idea that actually works as a film director and exploits it for all that is worth. Nelson skips back to his psychological role without any difficulty, as Stanley was smart as always, using his brains to lead the production of a film, killing everyone who has to maintain his full control over his work, without leaving anyone standing in the way .. This is so Alison realizes who Stanley really is. Allison is the kind of ambitious writer who wants to capture the essence of her subject. What prompted Stanley to kill, why do such a thing, and what prompted such a man to this dark path? Alison's humor, which actually works with this particular man, is also part of the irony in the heart of this dark comedy film. Of course, you get the inevitable confrontation between Allison and Stanley, with an unbelievably ironic conclusion about the fate of the killer (.. pills are very difficult to swallow). Unlike the first film, which was filmed with sophisticated polishing, Po-Chih Leong uses unnecessary unnecessary techniques (such as shooting all kinds of strange angles, dark brown motion and many situations captured on video) and instead bothers you . This sequel, to me, was not as targeted as the original target, as much humor was less effective and clearer.
