Do you need a lesson in total failure? Do not look beyond the Wizards of the Lost Kindum, a poor, dirty swamp, stain. "Halloween" generates a lot of violent clicks in the bad 1980s; "Mad Max" generated many clicks of the "futuristic fantasy of the future wasteland" in the 1980s and "Conan the Barbarian" was born a group Great sword attacks and very bad sorcery. The "Lost Kingdom Processes" cancel the barrel of the 1980s, in a way that really humiliates drums. A young man named Simon recovered his "good kingdom" from the evil magician with the help of mange rug, gnome garden, mermaid bimbo naked, and Svenson pu tired-looking. Svenson ("North Dallas Forty", "Inglourious Bastards" and "Delta Force"), a long-seasoned man, hardly seems able to swing his sword of aluminum foil. However, he is able to defeat the evil forces, consisting of the evil wizard, "Shurka", and his army of high-cost monsters, giants, and dwarves. At some point, the paper bat hits a series of attacks, but is eaten by a hidden sock puppet, pitifully presented as a kind of dragon. The beginning of the film consists of what can only be described politely as fragments of the scenes collected from the floor of the cutting room in the bad films of the supplications, which were assembled together with little hope of preparing the scene for the film, and some serious narrated by the man who does not appear again. Words can not convey the cheap price of this film; it is possible that producers have spent more of their time feeding on Svensson's Percussion Pump, which is constantly expanding more than the pounded Forex for this shot. Here we talk about Berri, people ...: = 8P Director Hector Oliveira ("The Barbarian Queen") presents this thriller in a hopelessly confusing, mixed, and vulgar way, destroying any possible hint of clear and linear storytelling. The representation is appalling, production levels are lower than the shoe chain, and the plot is one vulgar after another show before our exhausted eyes. They have already done a sequel (!!!) that makes the MooCow brain revolve around it. James Horner ("Braveheart", "Titanic" and "The Rock"), was raised by Mousavi Jibni from "Battle Beyond the Stars", and his screams and kicking, and mercilessly vaccinated on this turkey - this bet does not pop up. People, you must see this to believe it. MooCow says cheap rent when there's nothing else to see, well, it's more fun than watching a dusty bunny companion. barely. : = 8P
