What we have here is a wonderful piece of incompetence in the early eighties, which will make even the biggest coterie of cinematic trash! "Wizards of the Lost Kindum" is a fantastical, outrageous and magical adventure that is cheap and wonderful, with no actual plot but eagerly and shamelessly borrowing elements from other films. The author Ed Naha and Hector Olivera (who?) Saw a similar kind of similar film to know that they needed a handful of key characters, but they probably had all the rest to follow automatically. In order to make the fantasy adventure you need: one wicked villain (preferably with a black head), a young hero in training, one warrior, a lovable kind of furry pet, a wise dwarf living in the forest (optional) and a full set of colorful demons, Dwarfs bonded, winged gargle to serve as filler. The story is so wonderful and imaginative that Simon, the young son of a magician, was forced to flee his beloved kingdom after the evil wizard Chorca seized power and killed the king. Simon wants to go back and save people, but he needs his strong ring that he lost while fleeing. Simon endorses the only warrior Core (who is the usual ex-Bo Svensson who clearly needs a check-in payment), who helps Simon during his long and devastating journey full of tribulations, serious suffering and magical confrontations. Admittedly it does not seem so bad yet, but that's just because I've ruled out all the little details that are not clear. Simon has the best friend named Gulfax, for example. Gulfax is an alpino version of Chewbacca and gives uncontrollable laughs as he opens his poodles poodles to scream something incomprehensible. Obstacles to the repatriation trip are not joyfully related to the "plot," which is merely a cover-up to mask the lack of actual content. Simon has visions of nightmares inside a forest tent suspicious tent, Core settles on an old score with the face pig enemies who refused his sister's marriage and there is an alleged "suicide cave", where you can only sing out of them. But the absolute most brilliant sequence? Not only this film alone but in the history of cinema ?? Involves the resurrection of four zombie warriors. Simon wakes up legendary brave warriors, hoping to help them in their battle, but rotting corpses take only a few steps, complain about how tired they are and return to their graves. This is! So much about the sub-zombie plot! Best sequence at all! I can continue to narrate unintentionally funny details for several other paragraphs, but you got that idea. "Wizards of the Lost Kindum" is a very messy movie "Too bad it's good". Tip: Do not see this delightful piece of trash alone. Invite friends, preferably a drug-headed type with a wicked sense of humor, and watch it in a group. Will be a memorable night ??
