From the beginning, you know that Sam Sherman is more than Al Adamson because with credits, "A Sam Sherman Production" appears in capital letters like the title balance. Not only that, Mr. Sherman was involved in scriptwriting, and his idea was to use Bob Livingston, the 69-year-old washed-up western star in the old Hollywood era, to lead the boys in the form Sherman thought she would use. On the recent success of "swing hustlers". <br /> <br /> Now why do you want to have an old man as wrinkled as a male lead in what should be a smooth exploitation advantage? It defies interpretation, but that's Sam Sherman for you. His obsession with old Hollywood was much of his films for Independent International Pictures, and he and Adams often tried to get actors from their films (such as J. Carrol Naish, Russ Tamblyn, Lon Chaney Jr., etc.). But Bob Livingstone? He told me that the demographic factor knew who this person was in his 40s; he was ridiculous! <br /> <br /> But once again, "naughty naughty" was a successful picture of them, so we can not write it like Sherman's failure. Still, with no aesthetic standard, it's an incoherent mess. Adamson wanted to get out of this picture, and it's easy to see why. First, there is no concentration of any kind at all and drifting from the super-core (breast and sex / sex simulations only) to the abduction of Stuckler's "Rat Pfink and Boo Boo!"; Painful tedious sequences from hosts traveling Vegas to Sparrow, Richard Smedley and Connie Hoffman in a photograph taken in San Francisco. Worst of all, we get Bob Livingstone in the role of Jack Laline wannabe in a blue dress trying to be sexy ... a gag! (Fortunately, his great sexual scene with Connie Hoffman has been deleted, but you can capture him on titties on the DVD in the special features section.) <br /> <br /> This is a terrible, terrible film, but I will give it three stars To portray Gary Grafer and motivated by sympathy with Connie Hoffman because he had to make it with Livingstone 's Wrinkles. "Naughty Hostesses" are complementers and / or researchers in the movie Al Adamson Exploitation and comment also offers Sher Sherman vital internal information. All others, beware.
