This is the dilemma (above) that Debbie must confront at the end of the production of Sam Sherman hosts. Deppie hit the town and became a hostess and slept with a rich old man (whom he describes as in his fifties, but it is clear that he arrived at that mark a decade or two ago), depicting naked scenes of the photographer she had just met, Extortion. Through all this and amidst all this emotional turmoil and self-seeking, what does Deby do in the name of heaven? Well, I can not give it up completely but I do not expect any real epiphany here. Let's face it. Naughty hostesses is just what you want to be (at least two-thirds through): a soft porn movie with lots of naked women and a funny film in a 70 kitchy movie. There's no great art here. The film is designed to make money and exploit the growing trend of the time to put nymphomaniacal hostesses into films so that the audience can live with their matching tastes. According to today's standards, the film is very tame. What this movie does wrong is trying to be some sort of film statement in the end. Come on, anyone here thinks that a little diatribe of Debbie while on the beach is thinking about life. You will spend more time choosing the halter top you will wear that day and then doing so. And what about the ridiculous plot to steal 50 grand? It was not logical for me how these figures on the ground dug? Anyone who buys Cal as a member of the PLO (something like that) or even as a director of hardcore porn? Would be lucky to get a job at Seven Eleven! This, as noted by another author, is more than a Sam Sherman piece at the time and the story of the Adamson. You can tell if Al is fully responsible. There is almost no budget and the film does not seem nearly polished. Adamson is doing a decent job directing this time, and I have to give Sherman an asset to a degree. Although this film is only bad for what it was supposed to be, it has a certain style. I liked the opening credits with animation and photographs. So I love the music of the bird. The "silver heel" was a rather appealing melody. The film does not seem really cheap at all. Compare it with any horror movie. For the cast, yes, Bob Livingstone is very old on the lead, but some tests have been done on his character and the obvious thread that young women are attracting to men has been explored with money. I ran into big problems with Robert Smedley who was just awful in his turn. All the girls got great collections, so what was required of them? Naughty Housewives is a relatively harmless exploitation film of 70, and will serve as a living time capsule for some aspects of life during this decade. By the way, did you mention that it is a very bad picture?
