The people behind Envy seem to have realized that modern comedy - especially those involving Ben Stiller and to a lesser extent Jack Black - was a parody of the situation, which has steadily declined in originality and generally laughed. I found the sheer messiness of Zolander Farhana when it was released, and Starsky and Hatch were also fun, and then Dodgeball kept the laughter of many people, although I personally was a bit tired of the extra characters - especially when the script was not very funny Championship Dodgeball to Australia, where it is rarely played). So in trying to do something more original, Envy moves away from a ridiculous scenario, alternating instead with the strange creation of Jack Black (who will not spoil it for those who plan to watch the movie). The problem is that the film looks like it's pulling, I'm not big enough to be able to think of examples, but it looks like a thousand times before - and it rarely works. So instead of the beautiful, fragile, fun and fresh comedy, you get a movie that seems to transcend the movements. Sure, the movements can be quite amusing, and focus on an idea that is strange enough to provide a few laughs - especially as Jack Black plays the exciting and fun designer, although it's a little two-dimensional. On the other hand, Ben Stiller seems a little lost. He has been asked to play a bigger role than the silly characters in the Zollander dynasty. But he struggles as a family man, whether his fault or the scripts. There is not enough depth of character. With these usual behaviors and becomes generally boring. The performance does not leave a fingerprint on the viewer (it's just Ben Stiller, and Jack Black manages a personal photograph already - though it's not a challenge). The most disturbing element of the film is the role of Christopher Walken in the role of "Man J", which is typical and two-dimensional as characters come, and naturally becomes an interesting and loving quickly. <br /> <br /> It's really not as unbearable, as some would think, that's great, especially if you're in a good mood (feeling silly will be a good prerequisite for watching this movie). I rented it on a night movie with friends and watched it after watching a scary film and feeling like a light thing - hopefully you'll also be a little fun at the time as well. In this scenario, I can imagine that it would be very fun, but in general provides very little laughter to carry itself, and often extends its length.
