I admit that I liked a lot of the so-called "fartback" movies. No matter how bad they are, I can find something I like about Ben Stiller, Owen Wilson, Vince Vaughn, Will Ferrell or Jack Black. But "envy" left me as cool as the white horse that Ben got rid of. This time, Ben and Jack Black are trapped neighbors, one of them (black) discovers aerosol sprays to make the animal tube disappear and becomes incredibly rich while Stellar wrestles with envy. This is supposed to be a plot, but it deviates in other directions that really do not make sense. <br /> <br /> I think the thing "Vapoorize" is kind of entertaining at first. The problem is that they are trying to preserve the mascara of the entire picture (Black has a license plate written "Caca King") and becomes somewhat tired. But even Ben and Jack are used badly. The energy level of both performance seems to have been significantly requested. The best performers are Rachel Wise and Chris Walkin. Man Walken Neippi-Dippie is a very eccentric and well-performing guy that never suggests any of the other familiar Walkcase characters. It's quite unique, yet it comes across wok unequivocally. Wes is the best actress in the business world. Even with a limited screen time, it still dominates every scene you see. <br /> <br /> The essence of all the so-called drama is that Ben, in a drunken, drunken amazement, accidentally shoots Jack White's White Jack, then goes absurdly to cover them up, fearing that his intimate friend will discover and kill him. But the development of the plot is unreasonable because there is nothing about Jack's character to indicate he will do such a thing. He plays such a sweet guy who makes the whole stalker chase chase null and void. You can completely discount it. Stuffing stuff. And what is the point of the round of out-of-control play, but Barry Levinson wants us to know he's seen "Strangers in a Train"? A painfully bad scenario and two bad driving leads. Someone who has a proven record of Levinson should know better. Maybe someone will invent something to make this movie disappear. Oh, wait, they already have.
