Jack Frost, No Children, It's not a good-hearted family movie about my father coming back from the dead in the form of a snowman. It's about a sadistic killer named Jack Frost who is sprayed with acidic fluids and turns into a killer man. I happened to pick up a copy of this movie so I could sit with laughter. Dead Snow Man? Ha, looks like a perfect comic / horror film! Well, I was wrong, a big mistake. <br /> <br /> Jack Frost is about a murderer being transported by truck to the jail so he can fry on the chair in the middle of the night. But it is a snowy night and collides with a government tanker carrying the new DNA liquid. Jack escapes only to burn to death by acid and turns into a deadly snowman. He returns to the small town of Snomonton where he was caught by a small sheriff. Here he is ready to be killed again, now as a snowman with a colder power. He can condense into the water, shoot the ice courses spears, and grow deadly fangs. The only question is, who can stop Frost? This movie is less than the typical B-Movie line. The films start with cheese but once the jack is burned by the acid, it quickly drops below the cheese line and becomes flat. Representation of a horrible one! Here we have a whole group of actors who have not heard them and who can not act, or they can act, but they have a useless figure behind them, or here only for a few extra dollars. The only good actor is Scott MacDonald who plays Jack. He resembles young Richard Kyle with Frankenstein. Unfortunately, its appearance is reduced to just three minutes and all we see is the shape of the new snowman and his wise cracked voice. In addition to the wise hum is just a funny thing. Whine, stupid, and other bad. <br /> <br /> The plot is awesome! Throughout history there have been many killers. He fought in a hockey mask, fought with a razor glove, a chainsaw that was wearing a boob, and St. Bernard's fast, but now we bend down to a vile killer snowman? Come Ooh! The way in which the characters are presented is terrible. For one I really wanted to kill Jack the son of the mayor of the police, I mean give his father oats with freezing in them so they do not freeze? All characters are stupid and meaningless and the deaths are cartoon. A woman suffocated with Christmas lights and smashed her head in a decorative box and pulled a girl to death in the bathroom (where is the carrot in this scene?). <br /> <br /> To the top of the page this terrible film is special effects. The first big special effect we have is mixing the DNA jack with the snow and the boy is terrible. I mean it looks like 60 of fashion design, PU! Jack looks fake as well. He looks like a man covered in the skin of a rubber snowman. All the blood and irony is cheese, and the film does not start with greatness but goes to low levels. <br /> <br /> Jack Frost is one of the worst films ever made. I thought it would be a riot but not! Do not try to be funny and they are actually trying to be scary. Jack Frost got 4 out of 10, at least made me laugh at this horror. Do not even bother with this piece of garbage. Jack Frost = D +
