I have not seen Henry Bean, but after watching Faim Grimm I'm not sure I want to. Hartley may be aiming to be a "thrilling" outlet - he certainly has succeeded in yawning. According to the official description --- the woman discovers that the manuscript of her deceased husband contains materials that may pose a threat to national security --- I was expecting a geopolitical drama tightened. Instead, I got a flimsy structure, clumsy dialogue, flimsy descriptions, a moderate plot, and a "tone" that often changed to indicate that Hartley had changed the text according to his mood at any given time. I can comment for a long time through a frustrating plot that is difficult to follow (like "repetition") because I think the loose parties will eventually meet. Even when they do not, or do, but leave outstanding questions (such as "repetition"), sharp writing and representation can be in the interest of one. But halfway through "Fay Grim" I came to a killer realization --- I did not know what was going on and did not care. Too bad, because I really love Parker Posey, she has turned here to work with a silly part of her being asked to turn from an indifferent and indifferent wife and an indifferent mother to a tough and polite international "player" capable of dealing with Manu's psychic with terrorists. There is also bad casting. Jeff Goldblum can be very good, but he is unable to overcome mistakes in CIA operations. It seemed almost uncomfortable in the role I was watching. His owner's CIA is worse. He looks like a refugee from the quarter-finals of American Idol (are there really CIA agents and big curses on their foreheads?). Then there is the sticky issue of the characters ages. Gold Bloom was 54 when he made "Faye Grimm"; Thomas Jay Ryan, who plays Henry Bean, was 44 years old. However, the main point of the story is that they served CIA agents in Nicaragua "in the 1970s". Goldblum was in his twenties; Henry was a teenager lie. Was Hartley "quirky" or lazy? So many problems can not be listed ...
