I say "I'll set" in this line because, frankly, I have not seen Hal Hartley so far. It was not that I did not hear him, though, because he was seen as one of the young filmmakers in New York (when I say a kid, I mean smaller than Jim Yarmusch), who did very limited projects with limited budgets. Ironically, as with Salo Pasolini, although in a slightly different context, Faye Grim cares about me to see some of Hartley's most famous features, because it seems that there is at least some aspects of talent behind him, as if Hartley * could * The filmmaker has been very good, he may be very good, he has made a big experiment error. Or, on the other hand, he could be a very impressed person with his peculiarities and Jodar-like cinematic clashes. <br /> <br /> I can not fully explain the story, which may or may not be a problem, but this is not because I did not see the movie that Faye Grimm already had, Henry Bean. I think even if I have this experience, it will not make a big difference based on the final results. There is a lot of international espionage, a double plot wrapped inside other fallen through the fake pockets of the title character, played in isolation by Parker Bossi (I'm not sure if this is good or bad or not, and probably also includes) Goldblum, as usual there is a strong middle mania, so conjures up some laughter), not to mention the box of orgy pictures, and author Henry Bean. This does not mean that the script is completely unbreakable, no matter how long it goes to the extended loopholes just because, because there are some touches of intelligent or strange influencing dialogue. <br /> <br /> Simply put, the trend just sucks. Harltey adores the third man, which is good, but it imposes a consistent style of headaches all tilted at an angle, with characters having to enter into an equally strange frame. Not because Battlefield Earth, in fact, has a very troublesome exit in an attempt to make the unnecessary choice of angles given to some strange dramatic effects, only this time Hartley is not in the middle of a cluster cluster, he is mostly responsible for it. This, along with the Gudard crazy wannabe title cards that appear here and there, some of them a little amusing and some completely stupid, and montage clips are all still in clips, and momentary moments involving a movement almost invoking Ed Wood, undermine any of the possibilities in the program Script, which are difficult to decrypt already. In a way, it's fun to see how bad this is, but some kind of temptation comes in seeing the other side of the whole control of a small story. <br /> <br /> But let it be known: you probably will not come across a pathetic example of the independent American film industry this year.
