1975 MASTER of the Flying Guillotine is a wonderful and amazing film to watch. This is not because the fighting is particularly inspired or because the film has no meaning at all. It is because the film is very ridiculous and above all, it is a classic camp - bad, but very bad. The film is a star of a blind man with a Frisbee-like device on a chain that cuts people's heads and casts this experience on his opponents! Who cares that physics is impossible or that the film is characterized by silly things like fighters with arms packed in 12-foot paper or that the man was blind! It's just a ball to watch from start to finish - and one of my favorite "bad" movies I'd love to see with friends. <br /> <br /> Because of this film, I was keen to see the purposes of FATAL FLYING (1977), although sadly it was not a sequel, it was part of a fatal blow - many ideas were taken from the original but neglected to make The film is coherent or viewable. Sure, it's a silly pleasure, but it never approaches the Guillotine Master of Flight in terms of entertainment value. Like the original film, these alien aircraft devices cut heads, but they are quite different - with circular saw blades and almost their own mentality. There is also no blind person, but instead there is a group of bad guys who do not really have depth and the audience does not fully understand what is happening in this dubbed version of English, since the plot is not fully understood. However, at the same time, some martial arts are very good. Although it does not reach the high standards of most Bruce Lee or Sonny Chiba films, this is worth the effort despite the often ridiculous and confusing plot. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a film that martial artists may admire (although it has many, many, many, many shortcomings), but also one of the reasons why others may close or laugh hysterically instead From enjoying the movement because the film is completely ridiculous. But, more importantly, he never gets close to being funny or famous like the master of the guillotine. so sad.
