I thought "What's new in the Scooby-Doo game" was so bad (yes, sorry to say I did not like it), because Hanna-Barbera did not produce it and it took a big step from the old series. When I heard that "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get a Clue" was in business, I thought it could be better. But when I saw a picture of how Scooby and Shaggy appeared, I knew that the show would be bad, if not worse. I've seen some episodes, and believe me, it's just "Teen Titans" or "Loonatics Unleashed" -wannabe. Scooby and Shaggy are no longer in conflict with people wearing cute crawling masks that rob banks. Now they are chasing a typical evil that wants to destroy the world. Shaggy and Scooby Doo have become even more courageous. Also, since Shaggy will not be vegetative in this series, Casey Kasem (who is actually vegetarian), the original sound of Shaggy, will not express Shaggy. He would only make a noise if he did not eat the meat, and that was just a stupid change that the company had made to update the franchise, as if the Internet jokes were not enough. So Scott Minneville (who has already expressed red herring on "A Pup Named Scooby-Doo") voices shabby voices here. Believe me, the sound is really bad! It makes a shabby voice look like a 10-year-old child, and I must agree that the sound certainly fits its ugly new shape. However, the voice of Kassem does the voice of Uncle Albert Shaggy, a kind of good stuff. On the other hand, Scooby do not look good. It seems to have been designed to look like a Scooby-Doo CGI from live motion movies. Also, the voice of Scooby's Frank Welker (should I mention Brain the Dog again?) Has not improved yet. Ruby, Robbers, Worst Practical of Scrappy-Doo! He tries to be funny and does "comedic" impressions and gives safety tips ("Remember the kids, do not stand under the trees during a thunderstorm!"), But they do not fit into a cartoon of Scooby-Doo. Once again, Hanna-Barbera sound effects are rarely used here. However, in one episode, "Lightning Strikes Twice", they use the Thunder Castle during it, almost on a massive scale! (Although they are still using the newly recorded thunder sound effects). I have not used the sound effects of "Castle Thunder" since 1991. But my question is: Why use "Castle Thunder" on "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get a Clue," while not using live movies to video or even "What The new Scooby-Doo! "(Used by two episodes of WNSD, unfortunately not enough.) If you use WNSD and DTV movies, they might be better than this crazy cartoon. The day the show first appeared, I watched the first episode, and it was so bad, I closed it after only five minutes! To get my opinion of this poor offer, I hired "Scooby Doo, Pirates Ahoy!" Which came out almost at the same time. And learn what? "Pirates Ahoy" was actually better than "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get a Clue" (and even better than "Scooby-Doo!"). Direct-to-video movies made during the course of this presentation use the normal designs of the character, thank God. But, whether you like or dislike "what's new Scooby Doo", I do not recommend it. But if you hate the old series, you'll love it! (Oh, I hope the old cartoon of Scooby-Doo is better than this new $ # *%!) However, like WNSD, it's a very bad addition to the Scooby-Doo.
