Scooby Doo is undoubtedly one of the simplest, most successful cartoon characters in the world. So, what happens when you are everywhere and you do everything with the formula? Have you switched right? Error. Stopped the production and let him rest for ten years or so and then filled it again while preserving the essence of his success. That is, stick to the formula for most parts but add a special flavor to it. This is why the "What's New in Scooby Doo" is a success, and they want to go back to the classic Scooby Doo version that only appeared a decade ago in "A Pup Named Scooby Doo" but has not been used since Original "Scooby Doo Where You You". There may be some cherished memories of past duplicates, but in general if you think Scooby Doo does not think of Flam or Scrapey Doe Or Scooby Doo. Worse still, the exclusion of other key members of "Mystery Inc" generally refers to a group of people who do not understand from the children's point of view how the show works. The basic premise has always been a group of people who are totally opposed to meeting together and through their individual individual traits, able to overcome the tasks entrusted to them. <br /> <br /> This next paragraph is just a theory to skip if you want to: I hope I can explain why I think by manipulating the essential elements of the presentation is harmful by explaining what the gang represents and how it contributes to everyone; The purpose of Fred is to give collective direction, organization and sub-functions. Fred is not a happy teenager, he is your boss, your teacher, your father and your character in power. Fred moves without hesitation and is driven by tasks (the problem is always equal to the solution to Fred). In many ways Fred is the opposite of Shaggy. Shaggy is your best friend, the man who is a little more afraid than you are, he can be brave and not be in the back of the pack. Represents shaggy emotion and often shows emotional extremism from bliss to fear. A film is rational, it applies logic, but as we see repeatedly in the presentation, it needs evidence that is mostly collected in parts by other members of the exhibition. He alone left a mystery film solution? The group often finds itself in situations where the facts are unclear, and only through chance encounters, they get the information necessary to complete their mission, and the opportunity is represented by Daphne. At one point (I think it was the first Scooby Doo series) it was known as "vulnerable". Use Daphne's book to link events unrelated to each other through an accident. It's often the ones that find secret door or group things or some other details that can help guide gangs together. Finally Scooby himself represents us, Co. He is always at the center of events, capable of all the things that the rest of the gang can do, but he is handicapped because he is not human and like us television viewers can not really participate. Scooby Doo works because all elements identified to solve problems are immediately recognizable and entertaining. <br /> <br /> I may have been thinking about things but in my life I've seen a lot of Scooby Doo (being 30 nerd who self-proclaimed old, it kind of rolls with territory). For me there is magic with the classic "Scooby Doo" formula that should never be spoiled. <br /> <br /> As many have pointed out, Scooby Doo is not a great piece of art, nor is it quite a trifle. It's in the category of programs that small eyes can see with a delicious bowl of breakfast cereals. Tinkering with crude simplicity turns it into something else, something less.
