Darcy and her little daughter Pamela go to the country where Peter, her boyfriend and mother, left his doctor's center in the city to become a writer and fix a bed and breakfast. Although this hostel has a terrible past and Pamela learns from the girl who lives in town that there is a distorted witch that was present in that house. They called it "Fairy Teeth" because they would kill the children after getting another baby. This work on the inn, woke up "Fairy teeth." Now she has her eyes on Pamela and her last tooth, but if either of them faces the same fate as Pamela. <br /> <br /> This old folk legend in the film "Tooth Fairy" is painted in a very generous way, as you think when I was a child. Do not just love turning happy childhood memories into nightmares! Another one in the same category was "Darkness Falls (2003)". I can not compare their similarities in the workplace, because I have not seen the latter, but I often read that they share the same idea fundamentally. To get a DVD movie directly, this DTV effort looks good and has some promising images surrounding the senseless and traditional devices by the book-drawing device. Low expectations are needed, as I will not classify them as a success, but I find them marginally amusing. <br /> <br /> The story of Cory Strode and Cookie Rae Brown or the background of this character "Tooth Fairy" is completely bare with it leaning more towards a tilted vehicle than anything really supernatural. Silly is a good way to describe what's going on in this lousy story, but she never feels terrified. Dialogues can seem redundant and morally complex. While acting is simply substandard with cute characters they have to work, but director Chuck Bowman offers some innovative blood spray and terrible bad shakes. This kinda compensates for the lack of suspense, zero fear and general tone. Its direction is reasonably serious and visually capable, as it gets some atmospheric lighting which contrasts well with imaging spots. The promising opening scene is creepy. The speed of its movement can slow down in parts, and there is a strange slow and unnecessary motion scene introduced, but nevertheless, it never intervenes because of something active happening which made sure I did not feel bored. <br /> <br /> The special effects of make-up made the goods, because there is an insidious rebellion enough, and the appearance of the Tooth Fairy is particularly distinctive. Personalized Fairy Age can look threatened in her black dress, make-up bubbles and fast movements. Presence on the site helps you to become more natural and can become rich in the air in the sense of strangeness. Child actors can be incredibly annoying, but Nicole Muñoz was respectable. Luclin Monroe and Chandra West are fairly solid, but they can be somewhat causal in their performance, such as Peter and Darcy. The wonderfully wonderful Carrie Ann Fleming is one of her accommodations. PJ Soles appear in a small part as a neighbor of superstition trying to warn them of the evil that lies in the inn. <br /> <br /> I thought it was a good time for time and it has a sound concept, which has not been sufficiently embodied and executed is a beautiful written material. Nonsense, but at the same time very forgetful.
