Tooth Fairy is located in a small town somewhere in northern California, where Peter Campbell (Lochlyn Munro) is bringing in an agricultural estate that he is renovating and plans to turn into a holiday hotel. His girlfriend Darcy Wagner (Chandra West) and her little daughter Pamela (Nicole Munoz) A 12 year old who arrives to help with the weekend. While exploring the property, Pamela meets another girl named Emma (Gina Ballard) warning her that evil lies inside her new home. She tells the story of an evil witch known as the Tooth Fairy who takes the children's teeth from children and then kills them. . Pamela is worried and becomes more so when she falls off her bike and falls off her last child, it was not long before she watched the ghost of evil in the evil Fairy eyes on Pamela's teeth and only for kicks, she also decided to kill anyone she came across ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Chuck Bowman, I thought the Tooth Fairy was just a low-budget, low-budget horror horror movie that failed to distinguish itself from other video-store movies that filled up the mysterious cable TV tables late at night, Basis is not very good. The product script of Steven J. Cannell and Corey Stroud and Cookie Ray Brown is the full afternoon sneeze festival for the first 40 odd minutes, none of the great interest going on during this period at all is a basically boring show to surprise anyone. He presents the character, puts the legend of Tooth Fairy, and that's it. The second half of the film is slightly improved, but even so, it is hardly spectacular. There are a few nice scenes but, apart from that, all these things are predictable and memorable. The character is not wonderful, most of them are purely there to kill, and the story has contradictions like the story of Tooth Fairy itself, they say that they kill children after they give her teeth teeth, why continue in the spate of random murder that has nothing to do with teeth? What happened to her after the introduction of the introduction during 1949? Why did she come back like a ghost? Although she is a ghost of some kind, she seems very human to open the doors herself and use weapons to kill people, and there is no attempt to use any supernatural elements except the ghost children who play with the greatest emotion. <br /> <br /> The Bowman outlet works well, it is well made, and there are a few decent scenes but there is no reason to thrill. There is nothing I describe as scary or atmospheric here and I do not notice any comparisons between this and Darkness Falls (2003) as something quite different from teeth. A person is moved in a wood chopping machine. There is a head cut, his penis is cut off and the best scene is when someone is nailed to a door and his stomach is broken open with an ax and his bowels slide out. <br /> <br /> With a virtual budget of about $ 1,500,000, the Tooth Fairy is designed in general but there is nothing special here. Acting is not something great but it's not so bad and unusual I did not find the child's actors annoying so that's what I suppose. <br /> <br /> The Tooth Fairy is just a little less than the modern limited standard of the direct horror taxi budget to the video that appears everywhere these days, if you can find a cheap copy, it may go odd 90 minutes if not You are being asked too much, otherwise it will be very bad things to forget.
