I should have known when I looked at the box at the video store and I saw Lisa Ray - for me, she's the female Ernie Hudson eh. K. "Le Kiss of Death" for * ANY *. The movie will * almost guaranteed * bad (for example, Congo) if Hudson in it (except Ghostbusters films, which were artificial deep and bad). Despite my instincts, the fact that I saw Sevil Brand, and the other "Power Tour" starring Lisa Ray, she has hired it anyway. After all, I ignored the Hudson Instinct on OZ and ended up watching a series of very high quality, so I thought I would give this film a chance. <br /> <br /> If you are a fan of bad movies, this is obvious you should see! This must be the most mysterious film I've seen in a very long time. The plot is fairly clear: Rachel's sister (Monica Calhoun) is killed by a group of brigades (led by Bobby Brown!), And like many action films before that, they prove their guns once and last time vow to avenge their death sisters. To do this, you assemble a "ring of roses" (presumably based on a true story about a female gang) and come out and take revenge completely, and along the way, there are some sub plots or something or else about some gold that may be buried in the city. The nice thing I will say about this film is that what I can say is that the stars rode and their enemy looked great. <br /> <br /> The most funny scenes (funny?) Find out when they introduce a Stacy Dash character or when the character of Calhoun rescinds her pledge not to impose restrictions on her guns (or is filled with a tight fist shriek in the sky) or a Lil Kim character flirting with Lisa Raye or Stacy Dash that kills or Lil Kim's character persuades Lisa Ray's character to join To the gang or Asian chick character or Messi Gray that talks about "Paid Religion", etc., except for Rachel and Calone from the left of Bobby Brown, I can not even remember the names of the other characters cuz I was laughing hard when they were introduced. <br /> <br /> If the director has gone for a spoof and a wide comedy, this will be a great film. Unfortunately, he tries to take it seriously without seeming to expose the exhibition at first sight, or design the sound (in his defense, it is hard for hip hop to work in a piece of period), design design, scriptwriting, or historical research on the period Whether it's me, or are those the cleanest people who have teeth whiteness in the old West?) Seriously. Usually when I see a film that is not good, I ask myself, "Could you do better?" This is the first time in a long period where the answer is "unmistakable"
