Why would anyone want to see this ?! If this is a YouTube movie that was published by a teenager, I may pay tribute to the teenager for doing a lot with his mother's video camera. Perhaps I congratulate his family and friends on doing a good job. Unfortunately, it was produced by a highly experienced filmmaker and these were apparently professional actors - making this film a very sad film. Sad ... and very pathetic, in fact. As I said, it has been made directly to the video look on the subject. She also has narrative and acting that just screams "unprofessional" - how can this be?! The film is full of bodies and blood. This usually leads to my fire completely, because I hate very violent films and I do not like seeing all that. However, given that none of this is realism, it is possible. However, you should be warned that there are some scenes that are still very disturbing. For example, the scene with the child is throwing a radio in the basin of a lady and watching her cry as she is very bad. There are also scenes where you can hear the idea of ​​psychosis while imagining killing women. With a level of dislike of women is very terrible. The people who wrote this are very sick - such as killing women meant to be for our entertainment. <br /> <br /> After a bunch of senseless murders, the movie moves to the dining room table - around a bunch of dumb balls dressed in black caps without eye holes! They speak with pride about all the murders they commit and repeat. Everything is very funny, although I'm not sure that this is the purpose of the scene. <br /> <br /> After that, the film talks about various murders, sexual murders and even vampires and cannibalism. Why, I do not know - maybe because they made this got this kind of nonsense. Once again, you see and hear the thoughts and actions of a man with a creepy German appearance who is following people and killing them. <br /> <br /> By the way, since the film used what I should assume. Professional actors, she wondered why the selection of a lot of people who were clearly Germans. While they tried to act like Americans and the film was supposed to be in California, the dialects were strong. The German public may have watched this and wondered how "real" representation is, but for any American, it is clear that these people are not their American brothers! Given that there was already a zodiac killer (who has never been arrested), I wonder why anyone wants to make a "movie of sorts" for the sickening threat? I mean ... Was this movie a sponsor for a movie pervs? I can not see anyone else who wants to see or enjoy this. In fact, I wonder what motivates anyone to produce a stupid and humiliating film ?! Its worthless and worth being in the IMDb list down 100.
