Well, as Goethe once said, there is really no attempt to pass a negative judgment that aspires to be objective about "something that has had a big impact." "La Maman et La Putain" certainly goes back to history as an impact on much of what has been done in France and elsewhere over the past 30 years. No one interested in the film's history should be discouraged from watching it. To express a purely personal opinion, however, I feel compelled to disagree with almost every other review published here and tell people: "Do not see it; it is a waste of hours of your time that will make you feel sick and angry." I do not mean "sick and angry" about the "humanitarian situation" or anything as general and profound as this, because this is precisely the line adopted by most critics in their implicit praise of the film - "an ordeal to watch his ruthless anatomy of our emotional grief and cruelty" Indeed, in spreading a message of this kind on a global or even related scale, the director will have a good reason for complacency, but pessimism may be his conclusion. The beef with the film is that I do not see that this record, which lasted for hours of empty vanity and simple betrayal, is justified or justified by any relevant general message. The three main characters are morally unappealing: Alexander is perfect, of course, because we see most of them to a great extent and because he seldom closes for more than thirty seconds; Mary is perhaps the least because we see her the least. Alexander's afflicted and tired followers certainly have a kind of entertainment value, but entertainment wears tight when one comes more clearly to realize that Jean-Pierre Laud probably does not act and that with ridiculous remarks like "un homme" beau comme un film de Nicholas Ray " , It was really just a reproduction of the views of the word and the word that was accepted as authentic and deep from the middle where he lived with director Eustache for almost ten years of making the film.I suppose that if the surface tone and relentless relentlessness lasted for 100% Movie, you may have worked as a long comedy comedy about a very shallow environment, no value to And yet despicable after 68. However, what made this scene very angry at least from the director is to give him at least one long scene of both Alexander and Veronica, where we are expected to empathize with them and feel them as if they were sharing us in a moral world. A man can escape from living in an apartment and declares to love a woman, sleep (mostly in this apartment) with another woman, and running around Paris suggests marriage to a third, well, I think I can wish him good luck in the world of dog dogs. He creates it for himself. However, what I can not do with all conscience is to listen for a moment to the monologues of which he speaks of his "anxiety" and "despair". The same is true of Veronika the most sordid, where he shows us as they drown drunk in the apartment and even the bed shared by Mary and Alexander and act there with childish inconsistency up to the extreme of cruelty and cruelty. As I say, if "La Maman et La Putain" is meant to be no more than a picture of Alexander, Veronica and Mary, three individuals did not recognize any respectable person halfway to their company let alone their home, I suppose there is some legitimacy in praising the director For being "immobile" (though why one should feel "glowing" once one chooses to consciously create such repellent characters to observe films I can not imagine). But the problem is that the director is clearly convinced - and he seems to have succeeded in persuading generations of critics - that Alexander, Veronica, and Mary somehow represent human beings in general and the limits of human emotional capacity. This latter idea, however, is an aggressive and degrading nonsense. In fact there may be an inherent error and a tendency to tragedy in human relations in general and sexual relations in particular. But the nature and degree of insensitivity to the tragedy can only be determined by people who are making sincere and serious efforts to make these relationships work. He certainly does not need any cinematic genius or author to inform us that a man acting like Alexander will end up with his hatred and lonely misery, or that women who expect to love a man like Alexander will end up disappointed and bitter. See "La Maman et La Putain" if you are historically interested in what happened to the culture and human interaction in a particular Parisian environment after the year 68 which may, unfortunately, not be limited to some anti-social species such as these. But please make no mistake in believing that what has been recorded here has no general importance to humanity in the way that a film by John Renoir or Martin Scorsese can be said.
