First, I would point out that the reason I was given this one star movie out of 10 is that there is no option to give it any stars! It really is that bad! I was never keen to watch this movie after I saw his ads. I ended up seeing it only by accident because some of my friends had tickets and I had one spare part so I tagged them. Before I saw her I had a pretty good idea that she would not be a genius - the premise seemed silly and stupid for anything good to come out of, but I was thinking at the back of my mind "but there must be something good for UMA THURMAN and Luke Wilson for a movie ... "I do not think either of them is particularly cool, but they are big stars who usually do movies that enhance their reputation. However, about 10-20 minutes into the feature I realized that the movie was probably worse than I initially expected. I was shocked by how horrible the scenario was. The actors have really given nothing to work with, so they seemed to not know what they were doing (especially Luke Wilson). The story was quite predictable - if you see the ad, you've seen it a lot! There was nothing original about it - it is largely borrowed from every story of the "supernatural hero" that was ever accepted if the film had been prepared as a satire of that kind, but unfortunately it was not. The trend of realism seemed. I felt that the director wanted the film to be realistically real and not ironic at all, yet there were some moments in the film that were so unbelievably unreal that it would have been a satire. At one point in the film, there seem to be two people dying, and one of the surviving characters contains a line like "Well, it's dead ... It's time to move on," he says out loud that he did not make no sense. I found myself checking my watch about 40 minutes later to see how long I had to sit. "I wonder if the studio made this picture as a test to see if they could make the worst possible film ever, and still attract a large audience ..." Think of any other reason to make this film. For the movies that are being produced these days, the script goes to a huge display and there are very few scripts that actually reach the production stage ... I can not understand how this stage went beyond the stage of the first draft ... By the end, At a somewhat climactic, stupid peak, I was laughing warmly - not only what filmmakers wanted to laugh at, but rather over the absurdity of the film. Thank God I did not have to pay money to see him ... because that would really bother me !!! Oh, and can I add, the Wilson brothers, I've always preferred Locke because I think he's a better and more versatile actor ... but if he wants to make more progress under the OWEN, that's exactly the way to do it ... I doubt he'll get Many job offers after a crappy waste of this two hours !!! And remember, I've only won 1/10 because I could not determine 0!
