It's easy to see how this less-than-average scenario happened in early sales meetings at Regency Films (and later with Fox): Crossing the type of supernatural hero with a playful show on "Killer Attraction" ... Voila! I do not know how a talented director like Ivan Retman was involved on the face of the earth, unless the salary was very tempting. A jobless employee at a New York architectural firm meets a girl on the subway and asks her; despite the fact that she was distracted and unpleasant, she eventually brought her to bed - only to find out later. She was the superhero of Big Apple, G-Girl . Not that Superman, who has the powers to give her a falling meteor, is a fantasy heroine, but ... screenwriter Don Payne conceived of her as a needy bitch, possessive, and vengeful (he sends us this miles away, Uma Thurman still plays the role of laughing shameless). This is a kind of movie that has no value and can not let the insult slip away. Our introduction to the leading man Luke Wilson, speaking to Rainn Wilson on the train, is accompanied by a sour bunch of homosexuals (urging us to make sure these two friends are just ladies). After approaching G-Girl's enemy, who wants to get out of her powers, Wilson was told that this would make her just an ordinary woman who despises ... Is not that better after all? Thurman's early performances in films such as Henry & June and Jennifer 8 featured a smart woman with a corner grace and hypnotic balance; her films helped Quentin Tarantino reveal her hardness and intensity, but it came at a price (the actress seemed to have lost a graceful touch). The image is produced very well and photographed, with special expensive effects, but no one bothers to find humor in this scenario. She's pushy, desperate, ugly, and bad cast. The puffy, frosted Wilson can not tell any of his co-workers that he is referring to G-Girl because she swore he preferred a chainsaw stuck in the rectum. I wonder if the writer Pine thought it was Farhana ... Or, in fact, if there was a co? * from ****
