Matt Saunders (Locke Wilson) believes he found the ideal woman in Jenny Johnson (Uma Thurman), who looks like a quiet but beautiful woman, although she soon learns she needs and possessions, oh, she is also the superhero, although you will not You know this from the things you do to Matt after he's scared and separated from her. <br /> <br /> A promising hypothesis is executed by executing an average. My Super Ex-Girlfriend is still a fun comedy, but it relies heavily on cheap sexual jokes and ends up forgetting. what happened? The actor and director were unable to overcome the weakness of the script and I did not like how they played. I was expecting the guy to be jerk and it could have been a female fantasy revenge film. However, they have made the man loved and made heroes psychic. It was not entirely new, and after about forty minutes, the movie was shaken by the welcome. Sure, there were a few funny lines, but the weak end and the terrible middle prevented her from going out. <br /> <br /> Director Ivan Rotman has lost his touch. After a successful run in the 1980s and early 1990s, he began making nonsense like evolution and Father's Day. I will not say that My Super Ex-Girlfriend is a full bust but I do not give him any credit for the quality of the film, which is not much. Don Payne did a terrible job with the script. Most of the jokes were lame and most supporting characters were just one note. He also continued to reuse many of the same jokes, which made it really boring at times. <br /> <br /> A few actors were good enough to save the movie. Uma Thurman was as wonderful as G-Girl and she had many funny lines. Luke Wilson was a bit pale and not interesting. I do not think he's doing a leading, attractive man and he's better at supporting roles, like The Family Stone. Anna Fares was doing her routine "scary film" and became a bit old. It needs a challenge or at least some of the best scripts. Wanda Sykes either hit or miss me. They were fantastic at Monster-In-Law and were bad at 2 Clerks. Here, they are just annoying and do not bring anything to the movie. Eddie Eisard was fine, nothing special. Reyn Wilson was just annoying and not funny. Overall, I was disappointed with the film. It was not awful but had a lot of potential and the end result was very mediocre. Rating 5/10
