7 pounds: flat emotional, illogical, moral fluctuation <br /> <br /> The film was distributed in Italy as "The Seven Souls." I was interested in the original title, and after some research, I discovered that he was referring to the Venice dealer to Shakespeare, where Sergeant Shylock makes a terrible link with trader Antonio, who would have to give him "pounds" of his work. Meat, in case he is unable to pay off his debts. While the Italian translation makes Ben's plan a deep human thing, characterized by human sympathy, the original version, although planted enough to remain unforeseen by anyone, makes it, only in reference to the body, something cold, rational and deep Roots in the physical aspect of man. Unfortunately, I think the real quality of Ben's plan has been revealed by the original title: it is a cold plot, aimed at "donating" parts of his body, but lacking any real human sympathy, at least not giving the public an opportunity to see or perceive any relationship Pure life within the entire film. The only exception is the story of love with the girl, which looks like a kind of unprogrammed accidents, resulting in Ben, but he is unable to convey true emotional involvement. I really did not like this idea at the heart of the film: the idea that the person, regardless of the pain of being killed by his lover and other people who caused them himself, makes a firm decision to lessen his sense of guilt by committing suicide: besides being intolerable, Logical. I wish, I think it would have been better to have Ben finally decided to abandon the idea of ​​suicide and continue to live, thus helping the same people, and perhaps many others, just stand near them and help them through his presence. Would not have saved their lives miraculously, of course: it may have caused more suffering, but I think it could have been more constructive from a human and moral point of view. There are many irrational and disturbing things: the initial reference to the creation of God in seven days (which, by the way, according to the Bible, six!): What does that mean? And what about a woman suffering from heart disease that prevents her from running and even singing without feeling bad, which can have sex with a man, should also be destroyed, by the death of his wife and after donating organs and cutting his body, does not seem to feel too much effort, Emotionally and physically, of his disability? The film is saved through good acting, but all that remains is pure nonsense, not only from a logical point of view, but also from a humanistic and emotional perspective.
