Contains spoilers. <br /> <br /> British director J. Lee Thompson has made some excellent films, especially Ice Cold in Alex and Cape Fear, but Country Dance is one of his most intriguing shows. The story takes place among the upper classes in rural Scotland, and the strange triangular relationship between Sir Charles Ferguson, an eccentric aristocrat, his sister Hillary, and her husband, who is separated from Hillary, hopes to reconcile her. We know that during his career as an officer in the army, Charles was considered "weak in moral fiber". This seems to have been an accurate diagnosis of his condition. Throughout the film he presents a situation of gloomy disappointment with the world, and his main sources of emotional support appear to be Hillary and his whiskey bottle. The film ends with a crazy upper-class asylum. <br /> <br /> Peter O'Toole, when he was at his best, as in Lawrence of Arabia, was one of Britain's main actors, but the quality of his work was very uneven, and "Country Dance" is not one of his best films . He worked frenziedly and made Charles a caricature of the original aristocrat, as if he were testing the performance of part of it in the monograph of 'Twit of the Class of the Year'. Susanna Yorke in the role of Hillary and Michael Craig in the role of Douglas the best, but there is no wonderful performance in acting in the film. There is also a little cohesive plot, beyond Charles's downward descending tale. <br /> <br /> But the main problem with the film is not acting or plotting, but the problem with the film. The subject does not dare to speak on his behalf. There are heartfelt hints of incestuous relationship between Charles and Hillary, or at least incest towards it, and that Douglas's hatred is the motive for sexual jealousy. Unfortunately, even in the swinging 1960s and early 1970s (the history of the film was presented differently either in 1969 or 1970) there was a limit to what the British Film Watch was willing to allow, and a film with an explicitly incoherent theme was certainly out of bounds. (The American title of the film was "Brotherly Love", but this was not used in Britain; was it very conducive to the taste of the BBFC?) And thus these hints were not developed and we could never see what motivates Charles or what caused his moral collapse, A hollow film with a hole in the middle. 10/04
