Jeffrey Combs is a crazy scientist whose research into stem cells has turned into a diabolical scheme to create a form of hybrid shark-shaped human life, hoping to breed a new species using the Tycoon Hunter's womb. It will not be easy because Tylo is a very tough game, and her friend, William Forsythe, is not about to give up without a fight. <br /> <br /> Tylo and Forsythe will see two business executives Arthur Roberts employees, the bright minds that correspond to Combs (a scientist who previously worked with Roberts, and went vacant to Tylo) in the island fortress where he runs his research and experiments . This island gives him the opportunity to recruit new victims for his work and "Son". Believe it is a professional relationship with progress in stem cell research that can lead to treatment for a variety of diseases. Kommes died of kidney cancer when he decided to perform his mad science, creating this bloodthirsty creature and eating meat, which can swim and walk on dry ground (although the head of the hammer can only be initially left out for short periods of time) . Thilo was dating Combs' son, and then there was contact with the two who worked with Roberts, whose wife, Maria Ignatatova, was the winner. Roberto and Ignatova also accompany Tylo and Forsyth, Elise Muller and JR Johnson. They are stuck in the conference room, but they are able to flee to the island, where the mercenary mercenaries send them and the son of the head of the hammer. <br /> <br /> Like the features of creatures similar to the science fiction channel, Hammerhead: Shark Frenzy has some unattractive effects caused by the computer and the attacks (where the shark shreds limbs) are filmed in a fast-paced and crazy camera format, where you have time It is hard to see any of the ensuing bloody carnage. You have this vague idea that a person is eaten (shredded into bodies), but the attacks themselves are launched in a very subtle way, which is said to be a fact that infuriates them. The beast itself is never seen in its entirety, but merely temporary glimpses of the eye or part of the body that screams while the victim screams in horror. One thing is certain, you see teeth. We get cgi shots of the hammer shark that swims towards the screen, all threatened, ready to eat on the body. The hard is during (and after) victims are attacked, we see a great deal of blood and flesh stains falling on the surface of the water (this is really the main director of director Michael Opelwitz to inform the viewer that those who have torn apart from being goners). <br /> <br /> New comets do not start as a scientist, but he has always had the ability to convey calm madness under this bloody resolve. It is interesting to see Forsythe in a rare rare heroic role, against writing as an e-magician (in his estimation, he actually pulls him) who must take a leadership position when the group faces unprecedented risks Tylo also plays a completely different role, a world that can defend itself Roberts can play the roles of the millionaire businessman in his sleep, a kind of magnificence to see him shoot a machine gun at Compass's soldiers (although his fate is not nice) .It was also fun to watch the Forth and Thallo Downs Compass movies chartered with machine guns As expected, CNS allows the automatic detection of We call upon those who have created a deadly villain to put themselves at unnecessary risk just because they can pay for their sins ... I mean, seriously, will these people themselves be aware of the attacks after seeing what harm they are doing. The beautiful alien setting is a beautiful background.
