Where the hell are all these unknown islands where prehistoric monsters lurk, evil doctors experiment, mad men carry the ultimate karate tournament, and hunt rich people for sport? I had no idea that there were still a lot of unknown islands, but if you took into account the number of films using one of these mysterious islands as a site, you should assume that there are at least 50 of these suckers abroad. It always ends up feeling completely comfortable, and I immediately cut the dots off any film that uses this hacker. Hammerhead is the story of a crazy scientist conducting experiments on one of these unknown islands, so the film had a lot to make up before it started. <br /> <br /> In this film Al Jazeera used to belong to Dr. Morrow, but was recently purchased by Re-Animator himself, Jeffrey Combs. Old Jeffrey is doing some kind of cutting-edge research on stem cells, which has prompted him to start working with sharks while looking for a cure for cancer. If this sounds familiar, it is because this is the same basic setup as the Smart Shark facility in the Deep Blue Sea, not to mention a host of other Nu Image movies. Apparently, Jeffrey's son was dying of cancer, prompting our mad doctor to start experimenting with his offspring. He did a kind of supernatural linkage, etc., and turned his son into a shark man. <br /> <br /> William Forsyth leads a crew of unknown actors to the island to look at the doctor's experiences. If someone had given him a sailor's hat, William was the bell of the dead from Gilligan Island. According to the typical Bond Villain method, the doctor decides that all these spies will make a beautiful son for his son. No friends, like friends ... Sidekick, like shark food. So enter the shark boy who begins to hunt Skipper and his teammates all over the island. They, of course, make brave attempts to escape and are frustrated again and again as they are chased by a man in a rubber shark suit. <br /> <br /> The film did not make up any of the points it lost due to its occurrence in one of those deserted islands. It's funny that this film called Hammerhead, made me think of an old joke. Why do you press your head with a hammer? Because it feels very good when you stop. That's pretty much how this film is. The only reason to watch it is that it feels very good when it ends.
