The "vulgar" adventures of four couples arrived in London the same day in the early 1970s. There is a Swedish, Danish, German and Chinese girl. The story competes for all their clothes, involving them in some humor from Carrie En and their spouses on various grounds of the British film and television culture of the time, including the movie "Man About the House" by Richard O'Sullivan, The Future Coronation Rogue Street Johnny Briggs and the horror film Verdy Mine Plays the role of Sheikh). There is a great deal of nudity in females, for those who like this kind of thing (but obviously there is nothing blatant). <br /> <br /> Most of the film is very thin and illogical; the girls are stereotypical images, and Anita has a particularly kind of childhood disorder - she is a maniac obsessed with color television that acts like a kind of child and unrestricted dresses to show her own parts about In another, more serious film, it will be a psychological state. The most interesting part of the film includes a Swedish girl who has been moved to a club in London where some dodgy species still try to swing, swayed by middle-aged rock music, lose her virginity and realize that the scene is not her. These sequences contain some energy in them and point to a more interesting film than we ended up, where mixing and abandoning the music sector and the upper classes lives a life without a soul and a cultivated life (there is a good turn by John Sting's helpless public school). The strangest stories are the Chinese girl (the veteran in the future Me Me Lay). She sets off with her prodigy to play the childish piano, falls in love with each other and then leaves in the middle of the night for no good reason at all, except for some Orientalists That "Chinese birds mysterious, right?" The film is quite insulting to its female characters and there are a few homosexuals in the dialogue and a characteristic. The end is astonishing, because the sheikh of Maine without a worldly reason (except that they have to end the film somehow) brings all the girls away to his Arab kingdom in search of the whole world as a future in the white slave trade. <br /> <br /> Most of the things are nothing but nonsense, but were directed with great skill by Veteran Phil Geist, putting them in the film industry's first-rate image over most of the 1970s Brit sexploitation clicks.
