To find out where the A STAR IS BORN version of 1976 comes from: Barbara Streisand sang her final number in seven minutes and forty-second close, followed by another two-and-a-half minute freeze of Mrs. Streisand - like Christ making up - behind the closing credits. More than ten minutes continuous from the center of the deceased Barbara to jam, the large screen fills with an unmatched. This may be just a kind of cinematic recording. <br /> <br /> Or think about this: The plot of this musician is about a love affair between two music stars, while the entire Streisand songs - including the infinity end - are not allowed to allow Chris Christoferson to complete even one song. Nor do they allow him to contribute to a few copies of her collections, does she actually sing a duet. <br /> <br /> Or keep in mind: The name of Streisand appears in credits at least six times, including taking credit for "musical concepts" and her wardrobe (from her wardrobe) - and claimed she also wanted, but failed to get On a shared routing credit as well. One of her credits was an executive product, where a product credit went to her former hairdresser John Peters. As such, Strisand took control of the final section of the film, which explains why she is so obsessed with leaving the film in her direction. What not to explain is how come, given every opportunity to make a great singer look good, their efforts will make Streisand look bad. Although this was one of the biggest box office successes in Streisand, it is arguably the worst film of her and has her worst performance. <br /> <br /> In any case, Melodrama moved from Hollywood to the world of drugs and sex. '' n'roll, Streisand plays the role of Esther Hoffman, a pop singer on the road to stardom, who shares the fast track for a while with John Norman Howard of Christoferson, a hard musician heading towards the Haas-Cantville slope. In the previous incarnations of the story, Norman Men is leading his career to help newcomer Vicky Leicester succeed. In the 70s, Streisand & Co wants to make it clear that her heroism owes nothing to any man, so the track is oblique; she will succeed with or without him, very close to the bottom of the first scene; it is a burden to bear in the name of love. As such, there is a clear effort to make the leading lady not only tougher, but almost ruthless, while her palaces spring in the form of a wink. <br /> <br /> Kristofferson schleps through the film with credible credibility towards materials; he makes a small attempt to give a lot of performance, and strangely he serves his character aimlessly, unscrupulously. Streisand, on the other hand, does not show one moment of honesty all the time on the screen. Everything that you do, if not well tested, seems to control at least. Even visible ad libs seem awkwardly awkward and moments of mechanical hysteria are cold. They have no chemistry, making the central love relationship unbelievable. He may assume that his character sees him as a symbol of his miserable young man and fades away, even though at the age of 34, Streisand does not seem particularly young or naïve. The only imaginable attraction he might have to offer is that they can use it as a faster path to stardom. Indeed, if the film had the courage to actually play the material in this way, to make Streisand's character play the exploitative villain publicly, the film might have a spark and perhaps a reason to exist. <br /> <br /> But I think directors really see Esther as a sympathetic victim; they do not seem to be fully aware of how cold and self-absorbed they feel. But sensitivity is not one of the important points in the film: the simple humor of Barbara's giving of African-American artists to reserve the film so that the film could indulge in the lame racism of the trio named Urius. The film notes that Esther retains her ethnic identity by using Hoffman's specific name, but the directors changed the name of the previous film character from Esther Plodget so that Streisand would not tolerate a very Jewish or unattractive name. This is so much for ethnic pride. <br /> <br /> The scenes from the back and the stabbing that led to the release of the film are legendary, so the fact that the film ended up being very polished is great. Nominee Frank Person appears to have delivered the raw material to a good film, with great help from cinematographer Miss Robert Soretz. The film served its purpose, producing a music album for pop songs (including the Oscar-winning "Evergreen" by Paul Williams and Streisand). But in general, it turned out that the film was the only thing Streisand claimed she did not want to be, a wrong project.
