I think, in the depths of the darkest part and the least part of their hearts, everyone loves Jerry Springer a little. Although its presentation is undeniably offensive and stupid, it also gives us an opportunity to see that most of us have a real advantage. When you look at the livin 'trailers, the dollar whiskey, the beloved Springer incest, this makes your day worse like walking in the garden. Jerry performs a general service, and we must be grateful. He has given up his political life to host the program, just for us. <br /> <br /> What we should not be grateful for in any way is the movie "Ringmaster". The "ringmaster" appears as a life form for people who end up being guests at the show, or so they want us to think. The film follows the story of Springer's story: Triangles of Love. One triangle includes Connie, her daughter Angel, and her husband Rusty. The other includes Starletta, Vonda, and Demond. When the two unhappy groups meet in Los Angeles, their lives are intertwined and collide directly, all culminating in an explosive episode of the Springer program. Similar to what it would be "short cuts" if Robert Altman usually has a very crack. <br /> <br /> "Ringmaster" is true in the show, because it is stupid and humiliating from start to finish. It also makes me very happy because I do not live in the narrowness that characters speak. But the film has a problem. Comedy is described, but it is not very funny. What laughs there is to be few and far between. Maybe some people are watching this and laughing nonstop. If you think jobs and rape are funny, I think you're one of those people. Personally, I laughed two or three times and spent the rest of the film in a terrible horror of the horrors of life painful white trash. <br /> <br /> The Jerry Springer Show is not intended to make a jump from the TV on the silver screen. The funny thing about an hour-long show (less, when calculating ads) would not be funny in a 90-minute movie. The movies have to tell a story, and that's another "ring official" has a problem with. The story is threading. There are many plot holes and continuity errors so you are quickly trying to try to tell a coherent narrative. Even if there are no such problems, how much fun can you pull from a typical story in a typical story? Even the Hollywood version could not improve it. "The ringmaster is very bad, even the best part of Springer: The Final Thought." In one way or another, even the smarter and simpler aspect of the show ended up blowing more force than the women the movie was built around. <br /> <br /> <br /> The worst person in all of this is Springer himself, he's a very bad actor so he can not play himself convincingly ... Watching Springer play Springer is sad It looks like he was looking for "What if Woody played Allen Dorrie He has had a hard time producing this disaster, and the least he can do is try to make it much better. <br /> <br /> That's not what I am. "The words of anyone else in this Film put in a worthy performance award; quite the opposite, they all sucked in, not surprisingly that no one in this film went to greatness. Nickelodeon sitcom. Apparently, Nickelodeon had no problem with hiring a woman who starred in the bloodiest film of '9 0 to star in a children's program. It makes you wonder what kind of things other adults did on that channel in their past. <br /> <br /> Here's my last thought: What we have here is a group of self-respecting people and a man with burning money who have gathered and gathered their resources together to produce a film that shows how much they hate themselves and how little thought they have of the intelligence of their audience. Do we have to accept people who make films that deal with us like Go blocks that have been badly damaged by the brain? I say no. Somewhere, in this mixed mad world, there is a perfect film for each of us. We just have to look for it. So next time, take care of yourself and your loved ones. You do not see the Ringmaster.
