I can not say that "Jerry Springer: Ringmaster" is the worst film I have ever seen. The film will be better off, because at least the worst film I've ever seen, (Night Concert 2) cared enough for me to hate. My only reaction occurred after I left the theater when I looked at the clock and discovered that only 90 minutes had passed. It looked like years. It is an endless repetition of the poor, (or what Jerry Springer thinks he believes to be poor), tying each other, hitting each other, insulting each other, then repeating the process with the same attention to our duty of use. When shampooing hair. The plot, which covers how a group of stupid people manage their lives badly enough to provide a Jerry Springer mill, progresses because of their progress because of the folly of the characters. This makes it impossible to pay attention to what is happening to them. I never care whether they are participating in the show, or what they said, or who sleeps with from. Maybe I'm not supposed to care about them. Maybe I should see them as a kind of comic - to see that their horrible behavior is funny by nature. Too bad is not. Humor is not outrageous. It's harmless. It is expected. Humor must have something behind it, a kind of painful irony or life experience, for action. Archeology is not wit. Example. Or hold her daughter and her husband in bed. For revenge, walk through the trailer garden and have oral sex with her daughter's friend. Ever since I was shocked by Jerry Springer's longtime show, I had the same reaction I received to Andrew Dis Clay's outrageous nursery rhymes; no laughter, just yawning. Finally, Springer found him a tired and unconvincing popular man. If he was indeed a poor advocate, he would have attended a single mother from Bed-Sty to talk about trying to raise her children in New York City for $ 12,000 a year. Or if it fails, it will at least give the participants a reduction in its profits. Jerry Springer gets millions for his performances, film, book and videos. His guests get a round trip ticket, hotel accommodation and an opportunity to humiliate themselves. If he loves the poor much, he will give them at least some of the money they earn for him. Springer seems to have wanted to make this film to get some legitimacy for himself. Jeez, with all his good work, you think he has already earned our respect. Anyway, the film is weak and boring. They do not even succeed in being abusive. If you want a better evening, shoot a night-time video and watch it.
