The Vampire Bat is located in the small German village of Klineschloss, where Gustave Schoen (Lionel Belmore) meets with Inspector Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas) of the local police about all the recent killings. Six weeks later, Two holes on their necks. Brettschneider has no clue but the older superstars in the village believe that the deaths are the work of a vampire. Brettschneider is not convinced but the frightened villagers are still telling tales about seeing Big Pat, and at the same time the last victim of Martha Muller (Rita Carlyle) was found. Brettschneider is under increasing pressure to solve the murders, but can he really believe that a giant vampire is responsible and if it will stop him? <br /> <br /> Directed by Frank R. Strayer, Vampire Bat has been shooting Majestic Pictures from Majestic Pictures to capitalize on the success of its two stars, Atwell and Ray, and their success in previous years, Doctor X (1932) A murder mystery rather than a horror because an exploitative and seductive title may have the lead you believe & quite frankly. Scenario Edward T. Louis Junior takes himself seriously and puts the basic story that says something is killing local villagers and that something might be a vampire, then the film focuses on most of his periods on Brettschneider and his inefficient investigations which are, not to put a fine point too, boring . Vampire Bat also suffers from an identity crisis because he does not quite know what he wants to be. The title refers to a horror film, while the vast majority can easily be described as a thriller with the last few minutes that descend into silly science fiction. There is no Vampire Bat, your attempts at cheating are pathetic, all of them are stereotypical templates and you can tell the villain immediately and in general there is nothing particularly exciting or interesting about The Vampire Bat. I know it's old but it's not an excuse because cinema has moved a lot since 1933 and a thin, flat, boring, misleading and misleading film like The Vampire Bat does not break these days, just see the original King Kong released in 1933 and how brilliantly he still stands today. I did not like it, and I doubt that many contemporary filmgoers will do it too, it's as simple and direct as it is. <br /> <br /> Strayer does not do anything special, but this is the case I can cut the movie some slack because of its age, as a whole is a pretty much point, shoot and hope in the best things. There is not much in the atmosphere or fear although some of the groups that already existed were taken from The Old Dark House (1932) and Universal's European group on its back is beautiful and gives a certain ambiance to things. <br /> <br /> Technically, vampires can not be compared to anything even remotely talking, because it's okay I suppose it's fine, but once again I would like to draw your attention back to the original King Kong. When talking about King Kong, Fay Wray has a role to play like Lionel Atwill, I'll be nice and say acting is fine. <br /> <br /> The Vampire Bat will imagine a lot of people think it's a horror film about Vampire Bats when it's not really, I personally thought it was all a little bit. It's short and tells me it's enough of a story but I have to admit I'm not a fan.
