When presenting this film, director Mary Harron seemed to aim to document the progress made by Bettie Page clearly, from early modeling days to leaving modeling and returning home after Senate hearings on juvenile delinquency and religious exploration in the 1950s, All these facts are displayed on the screen at the allowed time and seem to have missed any time to explain anything in depth. <br /> <br /> When you think of someone who has a job on the page, I think there will be a lot to discuss, its causes, decisions, life event, personal trauma, but Aaron avoids any kind of personal exploration of personality. In the first 15 minutes or so of the film, there are brief hints of child abuse, domestic violence and gang rape, but these were all rushed in the past and never mentioned again. You have the impression that Aaron and Gweniver Turner wanted to overlook anything that was not glamorous and attractive. You go to this movie expecting to get an insight into who was behind the posters, but all I gave you was a list of things she did and some of her most famous photos. <br /> <br /> All in all the film really frustrates you as you watch it, waiting for some desperate extra layer to reveal itself. How to balance her religion and her work? What made this little girl from Tennessee move from modeling to portraying slavery. The film simply goes to another fashion agency and puts everything I told him, but it will definitely include some shock and deliberation, that was after the 1950s. <br /> <br /> It seems to me that Aaron is trying to clarify a point about how to tame all of this according to today's standards (the page never picks up any explicit sexual acts) and how some people reacted to this kind of hyperbole though That's true, but they do not make it look really dirty in the eyes of others. Today we look at a little girl who is naked and does not think about anything, but we should have had some doubts about how shocking it is to a contemporary audience. This woman was an essential part of a Senate hearing on juvenile delinquency, but no one was ever shocked. <br /> <br /> I left this movie basically thinking only about how tame it is. Aaron and Turner managed to avoid anything that might be unpleasant to the viewer. They have experienced them as lifelong fans of Miss Page and they are desperate to make sure that nothing, nothing at all, can put a bad light on their heroism, and thus avoid any in-depth research into who they really were. (Before and after her career, there are reports of her violent nature and mental problems) and all that remains is the series of events that formed her career, without any material behind it.
