"The 700 Club" must be the most inflammatory television program in the history of the TV itself. To make matters worse, it has been live since 1966, which means that thousands, if not millions, of people are buying into hate and lies. Under the leadership of Pat Robertson, the founder of the unscrupulous, Christian Coalition, "The 700 Club" takes us from misinformation to misunderstandings and broadcast "news" because they like to think about it and try to convince his audience that the world's problems are to blame homosexuals, The New Age, Muslims, Jews, Hindus, non-mainstream Christians, Democrats, single mothers, foreigners, women's, evolutionary and environmental movements, NASA scientists, and anyone else who does not share religious views. It's actually the best counterfeit news since "The Daily Show", "Weekend Update" on "Saturday Night Live" or "FOX News". Of course, he is always the person who makes every decision, saying everything that comes to mind and does not give the curse of those who offend or hurt him. Meanwhile, he continues his role in the struggle to transform the United States into a military police state by making "religious sermons" their noses at their best and asking for one donation after another - at least $ 100 to become a member, by the way - to finance diamond mines And the purchase of oil from companies reprimanded by the government in the past for its abuse of the environment. No, I do not mind that he was a close friend of the genocide dictators in Zaire and Zimbabwe to help him get this wealth; it's all for the great glory of God, do not you know? Of course, my hosts "The 700 Club" are always ready to read the "letters written by viewers" as they wish to put, by chance, all written in the same format and all the same color of paper by the "viewers" supposed to heal from different pains by the hosts mentioned (They claim to have "knowledge words" come to them) but those who have never appeared in the program say what happened to them. Honestly, how can anyone take a show seriously when a bad applause is used? It should make people wonder why there is no audience in the studio. <br /> <br /> The sad thing that his friends and viewers do not realize or do not want to realize is the terrible things he has done. This is the person who agreed with Jerry Falwell that the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks on the United States were the result of God's punishment for our consent to homosexuality and feminism. Ironic, given that twice publicly referred to the implementation of a nuclear weapon in the State Department; I have no doubt that it was his wealth that prevented him from arresting him for such statements. His passion for homosexuality, single mothers, and any number of sexual practices he considers "wrong" are interesting, given that he was known to have repeated a number of brothels during the Korean War. As the Bible says, be fruitful and multiply, so congratulations, Pat - thank you, there may be a number of children born to Korean single mothers. Then, of course, there was a time when he called for the assassination of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez (not that he was a saint, but still). Oh, yes, let's not forget soon when this "crusade of human life" supported forced abortions in China. Very "Christian" of him, do not you say? <br /> <br /> In case of forgetting Pat, I have not forgotten his little saying that evangelical Christians today are "treated just like the Jews in Nazi Germany." Frankly, comparing his "plight" to the horrors of the Holocaust is unforgettable. Speaking of, I need to mention how he blatantly lied that homosexuality was rampant among the Nazi party in a pathetic attempt to discredit homosexuals? Of course, history shows us that the Nazis behaved toward homosexuals in the same way they did to Jews. Pat Robertson is one of the biggest liars in history. If Pinocchio, his nose will cut the ground. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, an increasing number of people continue to believe it every day. This is a wake-up call, people. The 700 Club is one of the most popular programs in the history of television. It is evil that masquerades as good; it is wolf's clothing in sheep. She is dirty and fanatical trying to look clean, lovely and loving. It is a living proof that odious and dangerous religious views are not limited to specific groups in the Middle East. Even those who are not of the Christian faith know that it contradicts everything Jesus has learned, and if Jesus will appear before this "club", he will not imitate them. Instead, he pursued them as the Pharisees did in his time and turned the money boxes out of their telethons as he did before the synagogue in his time. All I can say is thankfully that Pat did not have a chance to become president; if he did, he would be Nazir Armageddon - not the good guys.
