I do not think there has ever been a bad or evil TV show being broadcast in the United States on behalf of The 700 Club. It is today equivalent to the 20th century. Their hatred of all that is good, sweet, humane and pure is beyond all comprehension. Their constant daily attacks on millions and millions of Americans, as well as billions of people all over the world who do not share their fanatical, cruel, brutal and utterly insane views, do not exceed anything seen on television at all. The lies they make and the ridiculous lies they try to describe as truth, such as the idea of ​​"life after death" or "God" or "sin" or "Satan" are so meaningful that they actually suffer from mental illness, lost in their imagination. People in Sane know that religion is psychedelic and should not call themselves addicted to this kind of fantasy. However, the 700 Club in a class in itself. They really worship. Although I believe in freedom of expression, it propagates hatred, lies and misinformation, and these wonderful ideas go beyond all limits. I hope that the American Psychiatric Association will finally someday consider those who deceive themselves in this way. The people who have left themselves are deeply immersed in the imaginary land of religion so that they no longer have any real concept of reality at all. There is an urgent need to treat these affected individuals in this country, where many people lost their minds completely because of religious imagination. Nevertheless, the 700 Club is even more horrific because it rises to the legal definition of "worship" but due to the enormous wealth of the Club 700 (daily deceived by millions of Americans held in their deceptive grip) they are above the law in this country. . For those of you who have seen the movie "The Matrix", you know that the film was a metaphor for religion on earth: the bad guys who are at the top of each religion who are draining the religions in which they were trapped and abused harshly selfish selfishly. Slowly depleting the power of their lives representing many people belonging to religions who have lost all ability to realize what is really around them. <br /> <br /> In less civilian times, the townspeople could have run monsters like the monsters associated with 700 clubs outside the city with torches and playgrounds. But in today's world, where people have lost all the choices in their TV choices that are presented to them, we have no way to rid ourselves of the plague 700 Club. <br /> <br /> The TV ratings system and the TV "V" segment must also have a label called "R" for the religion, so that wise people and interested parents can sort out such an emotionally and brutally abusive rape, Every day throughout our country, from themselves and their children.
