It has been years since Don Wilson used his martial arts experience to bring down a robot that was programmed to destroy him. He is also married to a blond reporter (Stacy Foster) who led the rebellion in the first film, and now a new plot in the works, which includes similar droids who frame two From our heroes, the company is looking to rule the world (there is no conspiracy to support any of this) and Cyber ​​Tracker 2 becomes a virtual rerun of the first movie. I admit that I purchased DVDs from the bargaining box produced by PM, PM, a company specializing in fast motion films (like this) that contained tons of explosions and a small story, and meant nothing but superior work. Some of these titles were moderately pleasant (Last Man Standing and The Sweeper), but Cyber ​​Tracker 2 is stuck in the casting of charisma Don Wilson. When comparing the heroes of similar PM efforts, Jeff Wincott and C. Thomas Howell are two Academy Award candidates compared to Don Wilson. There is another sign that this was directed by Richard Payne, who has no taste Joseph Merhi seems to possess in crafting movement sequences that feel much more precious than their budgets. Then again though both C. Thomas and Wincott may be more expensive to get. Cyber ​​Tracker 2 is tearing with the R Capitol, and there are lots of shots from the best movies (Robocop, Terminator, Universal Soldier to Halloween Halloween!) So much so that it seems as if Richard Pepin is trying to instill a sense of identity on infantry so far without smart ideas Or at least the reckless zip of the great movement, Cyber ​​Tracker 2 drops. There is literally a good idea that is not borrowed from the best film and supporting actors. The only exception comes from Tony Burton who is better than the miles. Also Stacy Foster seems to be the best with much better material. However, the Cyber ​​Tracker 2 comes basically noisy, pleasant and humorous as its leading man, but with no real sequences of martial arts to go back to, everything is, there are a lot of cars that fluctuate, and this alone is no substitute for The bankruptcy of ambition expressed here. <br /> <br /> * 1/2 of 4 - (Poor)
