When they killed off the character of John Amos killed the show. It was a vital part of the information structure. You had a story in which a family struggling from the inner city to make it the best way they knew how. They were poor, they were black, and they were living proof that if you had Jesus and your family, nothing was very difficult. James will certainly lose his jobs and JJ will fail at school but the family has always been able to find a way. <br /> <br /> James was a strong male model who earned income and controlled children. Florida was the strong lady who would have included James when he needed a shoulder to cry or embrace. The children had personalities and inputs that made them important as a family unit. Their neighbor and Helena was also a key element because they represented not only a friend but also loved enough to be a family. Things were bright, courageous, funny and honest until they changed the course of the program. James dies and takes over JJ's show. <br /> <br /> Flo was still my mom, Thelma was crumbling into a lady and Michael was still a hardy dwarf but JJ was the show. It was expected to believe that a family that did not have a father or a prominent bread winner would be able to stay in the apartment. I think James's salary did not do much for the family. They were not threatened with eviction because they said they were moving and not because no one at home was working. I know that JJ, Flo, Thelma and even Michael finally got the jobs but come here to be real. James worked so much that I felt it but the others were not realistic at all and this is a shame. <br /> <br /> JJ was a comic satisfaction but I felt that the presentation needed to be material. It's okay to be funny but they had a chance to show a real family and what they needed to survive in the real world and threw it away just a little laugh. Michael's character almost disappeared while the rest of the actors slipped into the shadows of the JJ Evan show. I mean really, here was a young man who failed in school, and continued to dispense with him, drawing for money in two rings. James was always there to encourage his talent but it seems that Flo and the rest of the family are interested. <br /> <br /> Why did it take so long to understand that the painting was meant to be done? He could have sold paintings in the street or worked for people who printed billboards and cards. (He did it but something went wrong.) Why did not he make a mistake and why did others give up their dreams? I will tell you why, because they did not have a father in their lives to take care of them and encourage them and their mother stopped supporting their dreams. The exhibition stopped our education about growth, construction and learning and began to teach us about tricks and phrases. They should have kept James. If any show needs a father, it was.
