What we have here is a classic case of lots of patriotism. This is what happens when you live in a small country with very little film history (next to nothing, even). When someone comes up with a slightly more ambitious film project? Unlike the usual dramas about the families of struggling farmers or the long films of local comedy films? Everyone feels they have to love them, and even are responsible for publishing positive reviews across country borders. This is particularly the case when the writer / director of this film is already designated as a lover of the nation, because he is also the founder of the famous rock band and its main singer. "No way the wind blows" is by no means a bad film, but it is certainly overpriced (if possible within the boundaries of a small country) and does not have anything new at all or even remotely. This is basically the Flemish version of classic films such as "Short Cuts" and "Magnolia", which illustrate a group of characters whose everyday life initially seems irrelevant but eventually unites. The only thing that seems to unite the eight heroes at first is the city of Antwerp, where they all live and work, but gradually the deep relations between them become transparent and close to the climax they all gather for a party. The main problem lies in "any way blowing the wind," at least according to your real problem, in the characters. They are already random and uninterested and frankly do not face anything that can be considered unusual. It was supposed that the writer / director Tom Barman film the ordinary citizen in Antwerp, but what is the point? One character is thrown out of his film job, another character is a failed novelist struggling with a marriage crisis, and the brother-in-law of their most obscure mother-in-law is lost, all followed by the wind wherever he goes. There are two people who walk regularly across the screen, but they are less important. These people simply move around very random subjects (such as life in the 1980s, dates and bowel movements) and a philosophy about things nobody cares about. Some of the dialog boxes give light laughs, especially interactions between the Ghent's 20 players, but are still unusual or even memorable. The film actually works better as a tourist video to promote the city of Antwerp and as an expanded and diverse documentary. There are many elegant and elegant pictures of Antwerp city sights, and there is always a nice run of music, whether it is loud or polite in the background. In general, "Any Way The Wind Blows" is a neat and modern effort, but it is very disturbing and somewhat tedious, and I honestly wonder that most of its fans have bothered to see if it is not a Flemish production.
