I almost withdrew, but I paid my money, and my friend was almost disgusting and wanted to hold on. After the pleasing innocence of "New Hope" and the stunning development of "The Empire Strikes Back," I remember waiting for the "return of the Jedi" with an almost painful expectation. But from the opening scene of this degrading sewage, I was very disappointed and angry by Lucas. He should have been ashamed of himself, but this horror proves beyond doubt that he has no molecule without offspring of shame in his cold, greedy heart. The episode in which I will continue to promote this truth - your honor, I invite Jarjar Binks (but please issue the parvan bags to the jury members first). <br /> <br /> From the initial jump at the Jabba's gate, this "movie" was not more than a two-hour ad, as well as as many of the lucrative promoters as Lucas, such as pig-like guards, The twisted tail, which tingles the puppets of Jabba's, new and recycled cabaret characters, monsters, etc., etc. Ad vomiting. Then there were Ewoks cute and marketable. Heap on top of each of the foreign rebel coalition. Fifteen seconds each on screen (or less) and only GOTTA kids have one to collect. The blatant and exploitative financial taste of children is nauseating. <br /> <br /> Lucas did not bother to come up with a new plot - he just took the star of death out of "new hope" and made the ship load of cheap sentiment. A terrible slap in the face of fans. I can not get rid of the idea that Lucas was very happy to entice his fans: "These rodents were so bad that I managed to get rid of the worst piece of rotten rotten garbage I had dreamed of. In addition, all the children would grumble and torture their parents until They buy a whole bunch of action characters for all the occasional cutting-edge cartoons I stuffed, and I get pieces from each one, it will make me more rich. "<br /> <br /> There may have been a simple and partial handful of moments to recover from this rupture The wretched. I seem to remember that Harrison Ford barely managed to keep his nose above the surface of this basin. But no matter how few bright spots there may be a massive blurring by the offensive business that Lucas has brutally adopted in this absolute total profit sale.
