Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare begins when the dream demon Freddy Krueger (Robert Englund) leaves a teenager (Shon Greenblatt) on the outskirts of Springwood without any mention of himself or who he is or why he is there. Local police picked him up and took him to a youth center where he met psychologist Maggie Burroughs (Lisa Zanne). He found a newspaper cut in his pocket and performed Monday on Elm Street in Springwood, where they discovered there were no children living there. It turns out that Freddie's unique plan is to find his daughter and use it to escape from Springwood. When Maggie realizes what Freddy is up to and some children decide that they should kill Freddy once and for all ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Rachel Talaye, this was done with the intention of being the final nightmare on Elm Street, This time to five, of course as any horror fan knows, whether there is still money to be earned from a franchise or character, there will be no way in hell Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare will be the last one, of course, is not. A Nightmare on Elm Street was a feat of declining revenue as the quality of the films declined as the series progressed until we arrived here and Freddie Dade: the ultimate nightmare that may be one of my worst money. The film moves at a reasonable pace and is rarely boring, but it is very silly and small and feels like a live animation with some terrifying horror scenes that look a million miles from the exciting and effective Wes Craven in the early 1980s. The sequence where Stoner Spencer is trapped inside a video game played by Freddie is terrible on his own, but then we deal with footage of his body again actually bouncing around the house from wall to wall and floor to the limit which is the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen. A period of time, or perhaps the early scenes when a child John Doe falls from a plane to the ground just like the cartoon character Coyote in the cartoon Road Runner or the mysterious sight of Freddy who threatens Deaf Carlos by deafening pins that he intends to drop on the ground to cause loud noise or when he kills him Finish by scraping his knives On the blackboard. You can not take this seriously & you're sitting there and I can not quite believe what you see. When they finally try to kill Freddy, the hero is given a special and secret weapon, yes that's true with three-dimensional glasses of cardboard! The character is lousy, the dialogue is lousy and the plot confusing, and does not really adhere to the continuity of elm street, the film is generally a mess, the best thing I can say about it is that it contains quite a bit of unintended humor, you can certainly laugh at it. <br /> <br /> The film faces major problems in the first place because it tries to be dark, scary and evil, but it is so ridiculous and it just seems so ridiculous sometimes that any attempt at being serious lies flat. There is not much in this one, there are some fingers cut, some stabs, someone falls on the nail bed and that's about it. The number of bodies is very low here with only three deaths. The last 20 minutes or so from Freddy's Dead: The Night Nightmare was actually filmed in 3D although the version I saw made this part natural so I can not comment on how successful it is or not working but you can definitely see the shots that They are supposed to be seen in 3-D that benefit from the process. The special effects are different, some are really good, while others are very bad, and the makeup that burns for Freddy this time is very bad. <br /> <br /> This budget seems to be about $ 5,000,000 (it had an opening weekend fund - the office takes $ 12,000,000) and the film has a few nice touches and optics that make The thing seems more cartoon than it already is. The representation is really weak from the key clients despite having a few huge individual voices including Tom Arnold, Rozan, Johnny Depp and Rock Alice Cooper. <br /> <br /> Freddie may be Dead: The worst nightmare ever in the series & apart from some unintended laugh value there is not much here to recommend or enjoy. They are likely to be admired and defended by Muslims, but for me this is far from the original classic shock of Wes Craven. Followed by New Nightmare (1994) that tried to take Freddy Krueger and the series in a new and different direction.
