In fact, they do not, but they certainly did so when they tried to think of a single line that aptly sums up how wonderful this entry is in the series. There were some moments that could have been good, but they often overtook them as missed opportunities, and did not make me start in a bad situation. <br /> <br /> The missed opportunities are very obvious, but I will summarize them here if anyone cares. Anyone who has not seen the movie and really gives a toss is advised to stop reading at this stage. The first, perhaps the biggest, missed opportunity was the conspiracy with Freddie's long-lost child. Now, the severe mental illness that Freddie seems to be suffering from (and I hasten to add that less than one percent of mental patients pose a threat to other people, and have been left alone in so many cases) is a hereditary disease. What figure did Lisa Zein dream about Freddy killing teenagers, only we discovered later that she was actually doing all the murders? Sounds like a good plot idea for you? Obviously they were higher than the heads of Talalay and Lucca. <br /> <br /> Then there is a trip to Springfield, where all the adolescent population is eliminated, and the remaining adults suffer from a type of collective psychosis. It is interesting that this collective psychosis is actually portrayed in a realistic and convincing way, although this has a fair amount of truth that we have never shown much. We have just received quick visual hints of the enormous loss of connection to reality that stems from the sadness of every young man in the city dying for reasons beyond the individual's understanding and control. The main problem with this chart element, however, is that the city is deserted very quickly, without real answers. This group of scenes crawled at least ten minutes ... A sensible citizen explains to these visitors why the Springfield exhibition was a horror show. <br /> <br /> Of course, horror movies have never been seen to develop their characters, unless this is the kind of horror movies that John Carpenter used to run, but how are we supposed to really care when we do not know characters about anything about death ? At least, Wes Craven used time to prepare his characters in the original text, and used some cheap tricks to attract the audience. In short, this may be the biggest problem with Freddie Dade: he is not trying at all, leaving alone enough. <br /> <br /> In a related note, I feel very sorry for Robert Englund, now because he is in some way associated with Freddy's character. He has played much better characters in much better productions (for example, in science fiction series V), and forever remembers him as "the man who played Freddy" selling him rather short. It seems that he will not break the horror movies template now. For the rest of the actors, well, I think their performance here speaks for themselves. They deserve to be permanently printed as a bit more than the B-Class horror props. Even Yaphet Kotto does not escape this person safely, because his personality is one of the most childish stories in the history of films B. <br /> <br /> In general, Freddy's Dead gets one person from me. I will vote less, but IMDb does not allow this. FD is truly a testimony to how a writer's inability to exploit the concept to the maximum can not only destroy the film, but a complete privilege.
