* May contain spoilers * A few weeks after I originally wrote my evaluation of the Hood of the Living Dead I realized that I might be very harsh in this film. That is why I decided to do something I had never done before. Review the same movie again. Do not get me wrong, I still do not like the film, I still think it's a quarry, and I still think zombies do not seem like they're all coma. The story in the film is still in my opinion weak and somewhat lame. The story revolves around a person named Rick, who works as a scientist (only happens to be working on something that heals sick cells, in animals) and his brother Jermaine, the two are not the best in terms of my terminology (my original plot point) and argue a lot. One day two Germans are shot in a car shooting, and Rick calls his scientific friend to bring the serum to try to revive Germaine (while most people have fired 911, but whatever), and of course the serum fails and Jermaine dies (if not There is no film), after the police and the mufti (until the end of time, I still think that perhaps the paramedics should have shown) leave the scene showing the car of the criminal investigation judge (which I still think was just someone's car carrying a sticker) "He is thrown on the side), and Jermaine comes back to life to attack the paramedics and kill them The plot, but I feel that if you reveal more about the story you will not want to see it (and we will not want it now?), But suffice it to say that the story (at least in my opinion) is slow and slow (unintentional). , The zombies do not seem to be much like the zombies, I still think they look like they are fighting a fierce battle, that does not mean that they should all be decomposed and still, but there must be at least some bite marks on the victims. That the director (managers) constantly change the speed of zombie move. They do not seem to really decide whether or not the zombie will be turned on (as do most zombie movies), do not get me wrong, I'm all running a zombie but the most complex minds of people. In one scene, the zombie runs toward the living quarters, and in the other scene they are humiliated. And sometimes they do not seem to be just believing (yes I know their phantom creatures but still), I of course refer to the zombie who has his hand on the wall as if walking in a dark living room, and still do not like zombie lying on the ground, , Then tremors as if he had been shot. I was also disturbed by the sound in the film, especially the music, which perhaps my version of the film did not seem to exist. Music in the film is important people. Especially when the sound editing sounds like the director took a camera recording for friends and shot a little zombie. The acting is still horrific (in my opinion) and is on par with American "actors" of the Japanese zombie junk film. The film is still bad, almost House of the Dead is bad, it's better, no doubt about it, but again he does not say that much. It's not the worst movie, and it's better than many of the live videos out there but at the end of the day it was not good. I also think that the film moves very slowly, although it only takes an hour and twenty minutes or so (and yes, I still do not like the opening song). This is the kind of movie that I think is perfectly suitable for viewing on a Sci-Fi network. That is why I am forced to give this disaster of one film out of ten. But think about it this way, at least not negative.
