I encountered this place on the shelf under the title "New Releases" and found that the idea of ​​a hip hop coma is so exciting that I can not miss it. So the bills were billed, anyway, I thought to myself, "What a wonderful idea!" In addition to the "Welcome to Auckland" sign on the cover as well. How can I resist? Unfortunately, the Hip Hop section continued as long as the theme continued. Hip-hop and hip hop did not play a big part in the film. After living in Auckland myself, I know there are many aspiring hip hop artists out there, so the low budget for this click was not a justification for not having proper soundtracks. Any number of artists who struggle have jumped on the chance to contribute to this flick. Why did not the Quirouz brothers take advantage of this outside of my domain? <br /> <br /> As soon as the film began to appear, it was a perfectly typical zombie film with castors who happened to be completely black and Latin. You might think that would put an unusual mile in the film ... but he did not. In a way, the Quirouz Brothers' vision of "urban culture" is to shoot from one car to another and drop a F bomb in every line of the film. The rapid use of the word "curse" is probably the most important feature of this film; there were individual lines containing the word three or four times, and it did not include a line at least once. I am not at all upset about the swearing in of a film, but the feeling here was that it was the result of the lack of ideas on the part of the writers (also Queiroz Brothers), and the texts were generally very bad. The film was generally a disappointment. It was interesting to see urban "coma" as "real urban", but the "living dead cover" does not achieve that number. Movie characters can be the same color as white, eskimo or anything else. There was no distinctive flavor for the film. It's just a low budget click with bad behavior, bad writing, amateur trend, nice cinematography, cheap soundtracks, and nothing at all that I recommend.
