At the director Suraj Baratia Viva, a 20-year-old boy from Delhi found Shahid Kapoor finding himself in a fancy, a small town his father had chosen to marry. Tired of her innocence and simplicity, Shahid agrees to marry just moments after meeting her at her home in Madhopur. The young girl involved, Amrita Rao, seems to have been touched by her charming interlocutor. Marriage is fixed for six months later, and the couple find themselves in the first labor of young love, despite the geographical distance between them. But Amrita, who was raised by her uncle and aunt after her parents died, suffered a horrific disaster hours before marriage. It is therefore up to the witness to play the role of her esteemed lover and accept him unconditionally. In the same vein as Homebeck Hayne Kun and Hom Sath Sein Hain, the new Paragatia Vivah is also a single-level family drama with an extremely ideal film hypothesis. But unfortunately, the plot of this new film runs out of the old look, so it is far more elusive than the retarded Ekta Kapoor soap. The problem is obvious ?? You can not relate to very clean personalities with no bad bones in their bodies. There are many things that work for and against Indian movies, and timing is one of these important factors. Twenty-five years ago, perhaps the scheme of Vivah had not felt such an extension, but today it seems like the product of a mind stuck in temporal deformation. Perhaps the only grace in the film is the fact that it beats sincerity from start to finish, you can immediately discover that the director's intention is not deception. If we judge each of the previous Bargatia films and examine this new film closely, you can safely announce that Paragatia believes in an ideal world, believes in its good qualities and gold, and believes that large families can happily live together under one roof without the slightest bumps. Unfortunately, he is unable to translate his vision into the screen. Is it hard to ignore how its supporters are one-dimensional? Shahid and Amrita, both virtuous and virtuous? I mean, think about it, the first time they hold their hands is an hour and twenty minutes in the film. Pargatia may think he will return to his roots from the Maine state of Pierre Kia with Vivah, but the fact is that the reason for our embrace of Salman and Bahshari in this film, or even Salman and Mahedouri in the Hibek House of Hain Koon is the reason for the existence of such brilliant chemistry. Because although they were created from the same mold made by Shahid and Amrita in Vefah, those couples were hurt and shelled. Shahid and Amrita just feel bored and depressed. For the film, which relies heavily on music to tell his story, the director chooses a series of 1970s-style tunes that further slow the pace of the deadly film. But if I had to choose just one reason to explain why Vivah did not work for me, it is because I'm not sure I can relate to any of the characters who live in the story of Barjatya. For some perhaps, Vivah will give hope, that an ideal world like this actually exists somewhere. But I am a little cynical think. So, give me my homage from Home Abc Hayn Cowen, give me Salman from Maine Pierre Kia, so I'm taking Charisma Kapoor from Hom Sath Sath Hain. But save me from these drearies. You know, some marriages are not made in heaven. This one is Viva!
