If this documentary is not directed by the famous French director Louis Malle, it is likely that I will turn it off after the first 15 minutes, as it was an incredibly boring look at an ordinary town in the Midwest in 1979. This is not exactly my idea of ​​a fun theme and movie clips Closely resembles a set of home movies. Since I did not know any of these people, it was less interesting. <br /> <br /> Since it was a rather boring slice of living style, I wondered while watching the message they were trying to convey? Perhaps the values ​​were not as conservative as you might imagine - this was a key message through many short essays (such as Republicans whose son was opposed to the project as well as men and women who thought sex was out of wedlock). Or perhaps the meaning is that there was a lot of fanaticism behind the original beautiful city - where ugly ideas such as blaming Jews for financial intrigues, anti-black fanaticism and fear of all homosexuals were explored. <br /> <br /> A small city was explored in 1979 with great depth and a kind of ideal world was filmed, but when the filmmakers returned six years later, the mood was depressed by President Reagan. This seemed very deceptive for several reasons. First, the 1979 part was nearly 90% of the film and the last part only 10% consisted of a few interviews with people who blamed the president for everything except acne. What about the rest of the people in this city? Did they all see that Reagan was evil or that their lives were becoming more negative? With only some updates, it looked suspicious. Second, while national debt doubled in the intervening years, gross national product increased. Although Malle appears to be a very optimistic period in 1979, it was far from that. The period 1974-1980 saw many shortages (gas, sugar, etc.), strikes, high inflation and general unease. While I am not a Reagan fan because government growth has not slowed down during his administration, the country has generally been more optimistic than in the years of Ford and Carter. While many in the media distorted Reagan (a popular sport in the 1980s), the economy has improved dramatically and the documentary appears to be one-sided and on the agenda. If the documentary had a more comprehensive coverage of 1985 and it did not seem to be so unbelievably negative (after all, everyone's life was not getting worse - it defies common sense), then maybe I thought otherwise. <br /> <br /> In general, the great documentary that some have made was not ranging from a boring film in 1979 to a very slanted look in 1985. <br /> <br /> By the way, is it just me, or is it DROP DEAD GORGEOUS seems to have been inspired, at least in part, by this film? Both are in similar communities, but the last film was a hilarious mockery without all the serious tones.
