The assumption and the theme of making a criminal aware of what his victims have been through the hostage-taking of his family seems promising and interesting. But this is the only interesting part that has also been addressed to director Ravi Tandon 20 years ago in his film "Jawab" (1985) too. The problem here is that the director Ace Rajkumar Santoshi found himself in a state of confusion as to whether to make him a thriller (Khakie) or play rich in heavy emotions (Viz. Damini) and this confusion is quite evident in the final result. If we ignore two of his Pukar (2000) and Lajja (2001), this brilliant director has always given us fairly attractive films with high entertainment value, so this film comes as a surprise, as to what made this scenario - For an incomplete description of each of his heroes - Amitabh Bachchan and Ariman, and with the end of the film, the public did not know who hates and who sympathizes with him, and this factor is the main force that limits the narration completely, and thus what begins as a war between an ordinary man and vice without ending as A curious observation of Don's self-realization and regret about what went wrong with his family. The discovery of a son without a real victim is not a sudden element of the peak, which, when compared to the similar situation in Khaki, has worked effectively with the personality of Aishwarya. That's not all, there's more to it. It does not seem to work from the outside is completely illogical, as his landing publicly in Mumbai in which he is supposed to run away as well as run after his enemies and shoot them himself is unbelievable. Such as Arikman vs. Bachchan is no longer a good idea, but nevertheless the film has some additional points: the great work of Ashok Mehta in the camera, two good fighting series (coordinator Abbas Ali Mughal), some light scenes of Akshay Kumar in the first half, Fast-paced course Mr. Bachchan as usual tries hard to put some life into his neglected personality, but all these things combined do not make this viewing experience an exciting r for you and your family!
