I have not seen this movie for a while, so I'm afraid I can not be very specific about the details ... He had some interesting points. Ralph Beckshi's attempt to modify JRR Tolkien's animation was a very ambitious project, very ambitious indeed, that it went bankrupt at some point during production. So, not just stop somewhere around the middle of the second book of the trilogy (with a kind of shadow of the sequel never made), the film itself seems less than finished. Some characters seem to have been animated while others are being filmed, but it is difficult to determine whether this is intended or not. The whole thing seems artificial and retrograde, especially sprites and demons. Another problem, of course, is the huge gaps in the plot. Bakshi was in a hurry to finish this film, and he somehow hoped to cram a book and a half in just over two hours (a new trio of Peter Jackson does so in about twice that time.) Outside (I'm not just referring to Tom Bomfadl, who, What I think, was nice in the book but it would look silly in a movie). And of course, the end, quite abrupt and out of place. I'm not sure if Bakshi intends to originally finish the film there, or even if he has any idea where he will end up. <br /> <br /> characters ... well, most of them are fine. Do not look like the hobbit is very bad (except Gay Sam.) Did you know that the new triple producers originally wanted to make Sam a woman so there is a female character to lead?) If you are intolerant of Tolkien (like me), watch this movie (although I'm not too sure of What are the special features of the DVD version, anyway?) But did you know in advance that you will not see the real Lord Of The Rings? "But it's no more than a historical curiosity, which probably does not look much better than the 1960s would make the Beatles continue his plan (I actually think that the anesthetic LOTR could have been very impressive.) The idea was to throw George like Gandalf, Paul as Frodo, Ringo as Sam and John as Gollum.) If you did not read the book, did not like it much, did not like the animation, or did not want to watch a semi-final film ... Stay away.
