The opening scene of this film sets the speed for 90 minutes. The footage is general, traditional, and the quality of television films. The snow-capped landscapes are wonderful, yet the characters they carry are of a quality similar to those that looked at the image of such a scene, and the overwhelming feeling is the distance. Some edits are of fairly high quality and the work of an experienced professional, but the dialogue is illogical and artificial, as it seems to have little impact on the "real" talks at all. Any emotional view of the right, which is of course the way in which everyone shows their true feelings, is shifted. The work is slow and disappointing, and the general feeling is that someone is washing cold water over your head, but very slowly you hardly notice, yet you feel sorry and sorry for yourself because of such an incomprehensible attitude. <br /> <br /> The combination of the species that Fessenden tried to use seems to be; psychological excitement, horror and family drama, although praise suffers from a serious lack of tension and interesting dialogue. The way in which the husband, wife and triple child interacts is particularly unrealistic. The family relationships that have been played in a painful atmosphere have been covered countless times by very superior films, such as The Shining (1980). Family unity here is torn by innocuous problems that are difficult to understand or sympathize with, considering the relative ambiguity of the script. <br /> <br /> The family unit is barely stymied throughout the film, as Fessenden plays on the thrill of narration for slow family drama for most of the run time. Otis has the personality of the "appendices" little of the obvious motives for his behavior, although the most interesting character and disposition is still very backward. The main characters are empty scales for people who have been extremely difficult to relate to, and their relationships with each other are particularly void of any feeling or feeling. Although the ignorance of his young parents' personality to Eric Bear Sullivan by his parents is part of the story, surely it is reasonable for anyone reasonable to question his son if he speaks to someone who does not seem to exist? People can accept this film intelligently because of the relative lack of traditional aspects of creature-based horror films, but this film has failed with regard to whatever kind of film you want to put into it. You can read deep psychological meanings in every minute detail of anything if you should like it but I think people will be better off analyzing their carpets for some deep emotional meanings, rather than these wrong human subconscious creatures.
