In time to take advantage of the long-awaited release of the film "Dreamgirls", a DVD was released for this semi-forgotten musical composer in 1976 which also takes the appearance of Supremes as his inspiration. It was released five years before Broadway premieres of Dreamgirls and was partly set up in the same period. It has a black majority and a story about a group of young girls. Written by Joel Schumacher before becoming a regular director of the mainstream studio producer "Batman Forever", this film looks more sad on the surface. However, it is true that Schumacher weakens the story's evolution and personality by pumping an abundance of cliches and outlines. With little convergence in the display of musical numbers, Sam Austin, a highly regarded film editor but a novice director, is producing a low-budget television film with a frustratingly depressing structure. <br /> <br /> The story follows three sisters from Harlem - an exciting sister, the self-fulfilling Delors, and a sweet Sparkle - while singing in the church choir, recognizing the smooth but well-meaning boys, Stokes and Levi, then finding the first taste of success As a lyrical group - first as pentagon wearing a vest called Hearts, a shiny trio known as Sister and Sisters. But it is natural that there are problems beyond the absurd name of the group - the sister gets involved with the bad drug dealer Satin Struthers who hits her and turns her into a cocaine addict; Levy goes to jail for a small car to cut drugs; Stix is ​​frustrated by the failure and becomes wiser for some gangsters Jews get financial help; Delores just gets fed up with normal. And a little of the poor Sparkle them to decide what kind of future you want. A great addition is that Curtis Mayfield, a great R & B spectator, wrote songs in the atmosphere, some catchy and one, "Look at your heart", a real winner. <br /> <br /> A strong team makes its best effort under twisted circumstances. Lunette Mackie's courageous attempt to make the sister a tragic figure is undermined by some of the roles of the fist plot, including a sad turn like Billy Holiday in Mike. Before reaching its climax on Primetime TV, Philip Michael Thomas and Dorian Harewood filmed Stix and Levi with a childish, if not a lot of credibility. The best work of Mary Alice comes at a relatively silent turn as the mother of the Sabra and Irene Kara before the "fame" that unquestionably sings honesty in the title role (although the fashion photographer and hair designer should be photographed for the hideous appearance she was achieving in the final scene) ). The DVD only comes with a complete original play trailer with an unmistakable sound by DJ Casey Kasem and an additional CD of five songs that the original actors did not, but Aretha Franklin from her voice recording in 1976. It's not a terrible film, it's just an interesting film if It lacks antiques and covers the same "Dreamgirls".
