Just like last year's event, WWE New Years Revolution 2006 was titled "Judgment Match." The difference between the past years and this match was the value of entertainment. In fact, only three people managed to get out of the Pepsi Arena in Albany, NY with the WWE Championship. These men were the current hero John Cena, Kurt Angle and Shawn Michaels. It was not possible to put Vinnie Finney's belt on any of the youngsters; Carlito or Chris Masters. And Ken? Ken held another WWE Championship in June 1998, and it was only for one night. It was clear that he would not be the other. Last year's match was an affair with six of WWE's best performers. 2006 was a predictable and disappointing issue, but the night match is still far away. <br /> <br /> The only surprise came in the evening after the bell continued in the main event. Vince McMahon himself took a walk and asked them to lift the room. He then announced that Edge had spent his money in the bank championship game at that time and there. With no time to prepare and winning the back-to-back win of the "removal room" game, John Cena did not stand a chance and conceded the title after a spear in one of WWE's most exciting heels. This was the only fun event that had happened all night. <br /> <br /> The secret card, as happened last year, was really horrible. Triple H and The Big Show at the Snore Festival made me suffer to stay away. His Highness won but this was not in any real doubt? Any pay-per-view that includes Jerry Loller and Veskera on the same card will have no chance of success. King Helms (who reserves these things?) Commented and Big Ves tasted defeat against the lost Shelton Benjamin with little help from his mama. There was the usual nonsense with the adventures of Bra and Panties Gauntlet won by Ashley and the woman's starring was also at stake. In a match, I thought it could have been left to challenge WrestleMania 22 Mickey James challenged Trish Stratos in a good game. Tric won the competition, but it was clear that this would continue for the foreseeable future. <br /> <br /> The opening contest of the night is the WWE Champion Edge against the Intercontinental Champion, Ric Flair. This could have been better, but it was a troubled bloody taste that was kept after the completion of the exclusion. Edge obviously has larger amounts of fish to fry. <br /> <br /> So, the New Year Revolution began to evaluate the pay-per-view for 2006 in a disastrous way. The only good thing about this is knowing that WWE is the only way up. They do not get any worse than this.
