Are you familiar with the concept of artwork for children? While it is not Picasso's greatest achievement of any three-year-old child with his fingers, you encourage him to do more. If the painting is what makes them happy, there should be no reason for the parent to keep the child. Usually, if a child loves painting or painting, you will immediately see the basis of the style of the future. You will begin to see its true shape in this doodle. Well, this concept of children's art is what I felt about the cheap, non-depressing house of the poor. Although it was a shocking film on all novels, it was impressive to see the style of Fukuwa begin to emerge through the most chaotic moments. If you've watched Training Day or King Arthur, you'll be amazed at the birth of this director in his second film, Bait. While Foxx offers terrible and unrestricted performance, there are some scenes that identify Fuqua and show his brilliance behind the camera. Sadly it only appeared in the last thirty minutes of the film, but if you focus only on those scenes, you'll see why Fuqua's name appears on a lot of "Best Of ??" Movie Lists. <br /> <br /> I will never disagree with someone that Fuqua's eye behind the camera is refreshing and unique. His ability to put the camera in the strangest places to express the simplest feelings is appalling. I'm surprised that most of Hollywood did not jump aboard this vehicle. Even in the silly House feature, you are witness to the greatness of Fukuwa. Two scenes come to mind directly are the explosion scene near the middle of the film and the horse scene close to the end. In each of these scenes, I saw the director Fukawa at work. Unfortunately, in the rest of this film, all I saw was a mix of almost every film I created. The beloved hero on his luck who suddenly finds his life revolving around an unknown power is a classic structure that only needs to die in Hollywood. We've seen this often, and regardless of your identity (unless you're Charlie Kaufmann), you can not re-create the wheel. It is impossible with this genre, proved with Bait. I was upset by Fuqua just to sit down and let it happen, which may explain why it took three times to finish this film. I was fed up with the temple, and while I hoped that Fukuoka would redefine it, he did not. <br /> <br /> Then, there was representation. While Jimmy Fox never impressed me as an actor, I was willing to experience this backed-up car. I wanted to know if he could succeed in another exciting role similar to the guarantee. I was impressed that this film was probably chosen to show the producers that Foxx could take over the role in the warranty. Again, I was disappointed. Fox was annoying. Not in the sense that this is how he was supposed to be by his character, but in the sense that neither Fuku nor Fox seemed to have taken the time to fully train Foxx on what to declare and what to use to increase the plot. Instead, we are frustrated by the scene on the Foxx scene just trying to make the audience laugh. Adding long auctions and cultural data simply to inform his audience that he was a comedy first, and a second. This Fuqua should have stopped immediately. Fox's jokes destroyed his character, which in turn left me something solid to understand ahold of. Instead of personal development, he broke a joke. No style works, no joke was funny. The rest of the cast was average. I mean I saw them all in similar roles. They were bringing nothing new to the table, nothing strong for the story, nothing fundamental to the general themes of the film. They were pawns filling the dead air space. Fukuoka did not have any control over this mess, and the final verdict only supports the charge. <br /> <br /> In general, this was a sad film. With no creativity on the horizon and unmanaged actors trying to overlook themselves, what originally started as a decent story eventually sank faster in cinematic sand animation. Foxx was annoying, without personal lines, and a bag full of cheese. In every scene, I did not see any emotion, and when the emotion was needed to deliver a message, he chose to take off his shirt instead of handling the issues. Are my words harsh? I do not think so. When you see any movie you want to see some creativity, some edible characters, features that seem to strike near the house. The bait does not contain any of these. While I will give Fuqua some credit for the two scenes in this film, the remaining 500 were disastrous. Apparently, I took the bait when renting this film, but after seeing it now, I hope I can prevent others from taking this exotic nipple. <br /> <br /> Appreciation: ** From ***** (he has two scenes that were fun to watch)
