666: The Child Begins When a plane crashes, the only survivor of Flight 666 is a young boy named Donald (Bo Bo Stewart) who was adopted by news reporter Erika (Sarah Living) and her husband photographer Scott Lawson (Adam Vincent) after covering the incident for Channel 6 News. At first, Donald looks like a normal child but death seems to follow him, after warnings from Nun & Vicar Scott began to believe that Donald is evil and the cause of all deaths ... <br /> <br /> This direct flick was directed to DVD by Jake Perez Under the nickname Jake Jackson one must say 666: The child is really poor. Whenever I see that "Asylum" is responsible for a movie I am concerned about, I am very concerned that its record is very bad. They seem to specialize in producing and / or distributing low-budget horror films that are usually intermittent from some big, successful big-budget horror movies. In the case of 666: the child does not need a rocket science degree to realize that it is a complete transformation to take advantage of the program The Omen (2006), released in the same year. The script by Benjamin Henry and Austin Laurel is very bad and simply can not match Hollywood equalizer ambitions, I mean exactly what Donald Antichrist expects exactly from a middle class family in a small town? It is hardly a great starting point for destroying the world? Every character in 666: The child is a form of the main character of the Omen, the adoptive parents, the priest who tries to warn them and the evil babysitter. There is a real lack of accident, there is hardly any gore and the plot is poor. I mean Donald is killing a dentist because they were trying to fix his teeth is too random and unnecessary. What are all the disgusting pictures Donald painted, where the incubator came from, there is nothing to tie everything together, just disintegrating chaos that becomes boring very quickly. The references to No. 6 become very disturbing and not very noticeable. <br /> <br /> I do not think Director Perez is okay, he is qualified if there is nothing else. There is almost no blood or gore. There are a few sprays of blood and a lump, and someone gets a circular saw stuck in their faces, but it looks much better than what appears on the screen. Certainly not scary, there is no atmosphere thanks to a very nice contemporary environment in a suburban house and there is no tension because we never know what Donald is trying to do and there is no threat from him. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is fine, it is reasonably well made, but since the actual film is very poor, it does not make much difference. Acting is not great, but at the same time I saw what was worse. <br /> <br /> 666: The poor boy's child ruptures the omen, and soon I saw either the original or remake on this on any day of the week. Not good and definitely not recommended. Followed by the sequel 666: Monster (2007) which goes directly to the DVD.
