Water (1991) The main character of the film The Waterdance, played by Eric Stoltz, finds himself in a rehabilitation center with others injured. There he must face a tough new life, confined to a wheelchair. It is a wonderful and promising introduction, but unfortunately it has failed to spread. What follows is largely Hollywood schmaltz, with some interesting moments. Certainly the cast (Eric Stoltz, William Forsyth, Wesley Snipes, and others) are wonderful and perform well here as one would expect, but their talents are lost. Characters are mainly stereotypes of one type or another, and most of them are completely undesirable (Personal Snipes are exception). I suppose this is an attempt to somehow penetrate people's ideas about the disabled, the disabled or the weak, by portraying them, most of the time, as lockers in your face, but they make the experience quite disturbing. It is recognized that it will show you something that people with disabilities are going through in a non-dilute or romantic way, which is useful and a good idea, but while the process being filmed can make one difficult to reach, It is not an integral part that these characters must be, to varying degrees, despicable. They will not have to be Disneyfied, either; there's definitely a middle ground somewhere. At the end of the film, Eric Stoltz became a disabled person, but as a narcissistic monster from the beginning of the film to its end, we could not care less. <br /> <br /> In addition to his character problems, the film suffers from the strange syndrome suffered by many Hollywood movies; the syndrome does not have an official name, but it may call it the "unexplained absolution syndrome". And something goes like this: characters offend crap from each other, and then without apology, everything is forgiven for him (eg particularly offensive in the movie The Breakfast Club, where one person spends most of the film harassing everyone in their ear, As a result, they love him. In one of the most recent examples, Spiderman 3, "Sandman", plays on a piece of Manhattan and then wails at Spiderman for what seems like a 15-minute monotone before being waved up to "Goodbye, now "). The most egregious example of IFS in The Waterdance is the sequence that, after naming the word n ​​by the biker character by William Forsythe and his friends in the previous scene, is the character of Wesley Snipes, which is made by the same Forsythe character in the following scene, as if something Did not just happen for a short time from here. Again, without there being "Oh yeah, sorry for this work back there, where you know, I was calling you N word." It makes me wonder, do these people actually watch these films before they are released, or do they just picture them with their eyes closed, sort of slapping them in the editing room according to the number of scenes, describing it as a working day?
