Stifler, finished running his nude mile and is now attending Beta House. Crazy things happen, people run naked and become obsessed with pleasure and this series is dead in the water. Naked Mile was a strange film, but I found it much better than Band Camp. They seem to have gone back to what did not work with them, and this shows that they do not care either. You can see where your target audience is and they call it exactly. Teenagers who want to see nude women and non-alcoholic humor and beer will love the househouse, and anyone else can see it away. <br /> <br /> Star Wars has become a huge success that has surprised viewers because of special time effects. Lord of the Rings created a world full of legendary creatures and huge battles that stunned the eye. The matrix has changed the way science fiction movies work, especially with sophisticated special effects. With all the advances in technology, we are anxiously awaiting the next big thing that will move the jaws to the ground. Then comes American Pie: a beta house, which drives the limits of what technology can do. When people create spaceships, landscapes, and creatures using CGI, Beta House decides to use this technology to create semen. Yes, the thing that creates life, the thing you see many times in pornographic movies is created and the time slows down to show us that the white residues intersect across the room on a bear bear. is this funny? Disgusting? Neither? Beta House shows more nudity and The Naked Mile, which is surprising given the title of previous installments. Does the film need it? Of course not, do you ever make a plot, do you ever? Do you ever get to laugh? Are children angry? Yes, the women are beautiful, but if you are the person who thinks there is a lot of nudity, you may have made an apology. <br /> <br /> A female who realizes the emotions of our main character is beautiful and does not disturb the viewer, as did the previous girls in the series, but I did not think this character would do what she did. I am sure that each of the characters in this film is far from realistic. The American pie chain fell from the real world to a fantasy world. None of the events in this film will happen at all, if that happens, I need to attend this school immediately. Is this film supposed to make people feel like they're having fun? Well, it does not happen, we watch them have fun, we hate them at the end of the movie with all the fun they enjoy. <br /> <br /> There is a scene "Deer Hunter" in the movie, but to make it "funny" to the audience today, they decided to replace the bullets with the sperm of the horse. Are you laughing yet? Instead of shooting the semen in the head or face, put the gun in their mouths. Are you on earth laughing yet? The first time we meet his colleague at Stifler, fuck his girlfriend. Are you shouting for nudity yet? It seems that the film will initially be about boys trying to enter the house of Farat, but then move them to the house of Farat, but they need to perform certain tasks. Then he moves on to the competition between the obsessed and the boys. A little goes for "revenge of the morbid" we a little and seems misplaced. I honestly do not know what this movie is about because it spreads everywhere. <br /> <br /> Most comics seem to have to be shocked. Even at first, the father shows his son the list of people he fucked. The joke is somewhere, and I think it might be the fact that his wife is not the last name on the list, or maybe she was one of his son's friend's mother on the list. Both are not working. <br /> <br /> I think if you have not guessed it yet, this movie is not funny. It does not seem to be focused, the story is pathetic and the so-called rude humor that is famous for the series does not shock. Skip this lame batch and any of them in the future as well. I do not know why I saw all entries in this series, but for some unknown reason they seem to have found their way into my eyes.
