... that Jimmy Fox would offer such an impressive Oscar-winning performance. One of the reasons I was so impressed with Foxx's performance in Ray was that, by watching him enjoy himself, acting abhorrent in films such as "Bait" and "Booty Call", I would never imagine that he would not have an Oscar. If people tell me five years ago that Jimmy Fox would one day win an Oscar, I would laugh at them. Who do you know? It may be better to stick to the drama, because if you see Bait, it's clear that comedy is not his strength. I swore Jimmy's cups were so much in this film that I was surprised that his face did not fall. Why should he do those dumb sounds at every opportunity he gets? Anyone familiar with comedians like Bob Newhart and Stephen Wright knows that doing comedy does not have to be high and disgusting. If the humor is funny, it is funny. If it's not funny, doing some crazy dialects will not make them fun. The problem I face with some comedians who have decided to try acting is that they prefer to get laughed because they are personal. In real life, ordinary people do not always have a brilliant and joking return. As Albert Brooks said in an interview discussing his character in "Taxi Driver", it's important to be funny as your character, rather than being funny as a comedian. A notable example of Jimmy's violation of that rule is the horribly appalling scene where his mug shots are taken and begins to take pictures like a model. If an ordinary person is thrown in prison, will he really act while taking mug shots? Do not the police try to reprimand him if he is? There are many scenes like this throughout the film. There is another terrifying sequence, where Jimmy is in an unintended position on the phone with the villain, and begins with a false Caribbean accent. Not funny! Not to mention that Jimmy never admits the timing of a joke. The performance of comedy requires patience, while going directly to the frontline, whether it is the time for it or not. I'm not even a big admirer of Mike Epps, but even his performance is good compared to Jamie. In fact, this is the first time that I feel somewhat comfortable whenever the screen appears. Epps has the same disadvantages when it comes to comedy, but at least he chooses a lower style. One of the few bright spots in this director of comedy is David Morse, a very weak actor who is often known for his supporting roles as villains. He seems to be the only actor in the film to actually establish him. However, the star of "Green Mile" Doug Hutchison is more disgusting as a villain. A big surprise, given that he performed a great performance in "The Green Mile", also played a big role. Antoine Fukua has proven his films in movies such as The Killers and Day Training. Even in "Bait", he shows that he is able to direct the hell of the motion sequence. His only problem appears to be the chastisement of Jimmy Fox, who may have moved half of the script with one bad joke after another. Unless you are a fan of Fox, please do not take the bait.
