I can not believe that we saw this whole piece of nonsense, but we did it and feel compelled to warn others to avoid it at all costs. When one of the main characters announces that he is gay twice in the first five minutes, do not ignore this as a typical nonsense of the computer and the personality that he must improve because he will not. If your obsessed friend does not make you sick, be grateful that the stranger who wrote and / or the face of this experiment is trying to exercise some restraint. I mean getting real. It's one thing to have a gay character appear in a movie at such a thorny time like this but another thing to be completely slapped down on the screen and checked up close and personal when the liner notes clearly flick about a mother seeking a kind of "closure" Because of the sudden death of her daughter. What does one thing have to do with the other? The two issues seem to be inseparably intertwined. If that is not bad enough, there is the lady in the ice cream parlor. I mean, seriously, did not you hear that poor woman about electrolysis? Why should you go around? At least, what about shaving the ugly thing, and while you are in it, I removed those horrible moles as well. Do you raise some of the ice cream you just served? I do not think so. It must be something New Jersey. <br /> <br /> You think Diane Keaton might save this piece, but think again. Were you really trying to put lipstick on the body? I do not even want to think about it. What if she was supposed to be the body of her dead daughter? This ugly excuse for cinema comes from the word go and that's all there is to it. One wishes that each of these characters will simply walk in the waves and continue walking. None of these evil people acquires our sympathy remotely. Trust me - pass this piece of crap. It's not about death, the mother who accidentally strangled her daughter, or even the other miserable issues she still raises, no matter how much you want to hear her. It is a load of looted garbage from a misguided and flawless outlet.
