The plot of this terrible film is very coiled I've put a spoiler warning because I'm not sure if you're giving anything away. The audience first sees a man in Jack the Reaper killing an old man in an alley a hundred years ago. Then we get to the modern age and a young Australian couple are looking for a home. We got an incredibly long tour of this house and the couple saw a figure in an old mirror. About 105 years a woman lives there. There are also large iron panels covering a wall in the Aren. An old straight razor falls when renovated and is maintained by the husband. I think he has become a haircut because he starts to have strange dreams. Oh yes, the couple are not able to have a baby because the couple releases the blanks. <br /> <br /> Some of the templates appear to climb the wall after the couple removes the iron plates and the mold is shaped like a person. In the late story, there is a plot about a large cache of money and the husband kills the bodyguard and his co-worker and steals the money. His wife suddenly pregnant. <br /> <br /> What the hell is going on? Who do you know ?? Nothing shown. Was the 105-year-old woman the serial killer? Child's sister? Why have iron plates placed on the wall? How can you keep serial killer in the basement? Was he imprisoned there by his family and starved to death or just hidden? Who is Mr. Hobbs and why is he so desperate to get iron plates? He never saw again. Why kill serial killer people? We see only an old man killed. Was there a pattern, motive or something? Why did the wife suddenly become pregnant? Is it a serial spawn killer serial? Was he able to sneak into the sperm of the husband? And why, if the husband is capable of subjugating and killing a powerful security guard, is he unable to overcome his wife? How strong is the voltage system in Australia that knocks through the room once a light wire is cut? Why does the wife stay at home? Do you now own serial killer? Will the killer child be incarnate? <br /> <br /> This was a frustrating experience I wanted to call my PBS station and ask for my money back! The only interesting aspect of this story was seeing the husband running in boxer shorts only for a long time, but even this could not recover this messy and inconsistent mess.
