The case of German walnut Joerg Potgret seems to have fans - but I do not know the reason, I certainly am not one of them! The only Buttgereit movie I've ever seen is Nekromantik and I hated it every minute, but - shockingly - this movie is worse! Der Todesking is useless in the same way as Nekromantik, but it is a worse film because it is boring in a way where few films have been run (which is not far from The Witch Project seriously). Some people say the film is "sick" and "horrible", but it is not. The director may have made a point about death, but he only knows what it is. How can anyone watch this movie and have anything other than boredom with it is completely out of my mind. The film revolves around the subject of suicide, and follows the killing of seven different people over a week. Yes, this means that we have a meaningless and boring ring for Monday, a meaningless and boring episode for Tuesday, a meaningless and boring episode for Wednesday and so on. This movie is able to be more boring than regular weekly! <br /> <br /> Der Todesking appears to be a "technical" film, although this sounds like a reference to a way that has little meaning rather than a reference to a film that holds no resemblance to "art". Each section of the film aims to tell a separate story - but it does not! We draw a little fast about suicide, and this makes you wonder only about the purpose. It seems that the film must be deep, but there is a big gap where there must be intelligence and there is nothing to fill it. Buttgereit uses some erotic imagery. But I'm unlikely to remember any of them for more than a week or so because this film does not forget this. There's a shot that contains a decomposing man's body that is pretty much different, but it's going very fast and all you have left is the rest of the film, which is unfortunate. If I struggle for good things to say about this nonsense, all I can think of is this; the title looks cool. As I mentioned, Nekromantik is the only other film I've seen from this amateur director; I have copies of Schramm and Nekromantik 2, and now I'm really not rushing at seeing me either. Der Todesking is a useless futile film and anyone who calls it "art" is largely wrong. Give her a miss.
