In order to avoid confusion, let me clarify a few points: I am not a red neck. I am neither moderate nor conservative. Quite the contrary, I am an extremist: liberal. I'm not so WASP, I was not born in the United States. <br /> <br /> George Louis Borges used to say that there are some people who do not feel hair, and that these sad people usually earn a living teaching poetry. This film has been produced before and for people who do not feel the hair, through the confrontations; I dare to say, before and for those who have no sense of morality or, in this respect, respect for the lives or death of others (especially when it is believed that victims are mostly " Bloody imperialists "killed in Yankee soil). You can find the original marketing idea of ​​the eleven episodes, which take eleven minutes and nine seconds and one frame as particularly miserable and disgusting. Just plain awful. Why did not they allocate a budget of several dollars per episode as individuals brutally killed the attack? The whole idea lies somewhere between sheer stupidity and reckless fascism. Any serious person in filmmaking (and serious in life and death) must angrily reject participation in this recollection of hints and uninvolved. With two exceptions: the Burkina Faso incident - almost entertaining - and the episode from India - which documents the story of a man who was unfairly and wrongly investigated in connection with the attack, on the grounds that he has not done so. "He returned home and was an American Muslim I know all the other nine episodes, which are very tedious and very emotional, in two different categories: <br /> <br /> First: "I do not care about the thousands of victims: Americans, foreigners, children, young people, adults, Older people ... "and can be resumed in pure boredom and lack of feeling." Makhmalbaf (Iran); Loch (France)? He has committed a heresy because of Loch, but perhaps his intentions can be seen as an original idea; Tanovic's (Bosnia and Herzegovina); Gonzalez Inarrito (Mexico); Gitau (Israel); Pence (USA) Loch (UK) considers that the attacks of September 11 were a kind of punishment for the alleged support of the United States of America for the Chilean dictatorship led by the serial murderer Augusto Pinochet, in fact someone must inform Mr. Loach that he is a victim Pinochet had nothing to do with al-Qaeda, and Chile was a South American country where Mr. bin Laden had to ignore his only existence. He should know that the US government's sanctions against the Chilean dictatorship were harder than any other country; That World War II was linked to the attack on the World Trade Center. Imamura was at least consistent in this: tying the supposed cause of the connection is quite meaningless, which plays a good role in this episode including a man believed to be a snake. It pretends to be vague. It is rather rather ridiculous. <br /> <br /> There is a kind of mistake shared by many, including some Americans, and it is about believing that this film has not been commercially introduced in the US because of some kind of censorship. Nothing is further from the truth: this film has not been shown in the United States because it is a complete failure. Failure of an idiot type. Even in Buenos Aires, where Peronism and other forms of fascism are the closest and most cherished to the hearts of a large number of its inhabitants, anti-American in vogue, the film was shown in the living rooms hastily and was welcomed by a very select audience: the usual sad couple offering their applause Routinely for "odd" glasses on an equal footing. Such as the McDonald's fast-food restaurant scene, or, an elderly Jew, burned to ashes.
