Singleton has some serious issues to deal with. I felt he thought he was intelligent. However, this film is almost a transparent and self-righteous comedy. In addition, there is a set of "maybe correct" messages, such as when local Nazi shocks are overcome. I mean, who in their right minds will root for a bunch of Nazi aftershocks? However, he portrays the Singleton method in that the "battle" is completely silly and seems to have been designed to show us more of the distinctive combat qualities of black heroes than anything else. There is another "bad guy" (actually a drunken boy) who is raping a hero. In this case, I think Singleton does a really good job of photographing what is probably a very common situation when the woman concerned asks the boy to use a condom or he does not have one or does not want to use it. In any case, he does not respond to her demands to stop him and continue to have sexual intercourse despite her pleas. I think this type of rape is very common, and in fact many regular individuals refuse to accept the fact that even rape. Well, no, no, this is rape, and it may happen a lot in universities across the country. <br /> <br /> After proving the rape, how did Singleton deal with her? When the boy tries to contact a woman, her roommate refuses to place the victim on the phone. At this point, the boy calls his roommate "Black Whore". It appears that the oppressed roommate is fond of Ice Cube and others, who then begin to humiliate and abuse the physical child in repeated and long-term "apologies" to his roommate because of his racist remarks; however, the crime of rape (apparently in Singleton) . Again, no one should feel sorry for the boy Farat; however, Singleton seems to be sending a double message that racial segregation is a bigger crime and then rape. In any case, violence against tremors is justified. <br /> <br /> What is ultimately frustrating is that this film could have been really important, but it seems that Singleton, although undoubtedly a talented director, has no maturity or depth to pull something of that size.
