Is there another period of time that has been covered comprehensively by television (or the media in general) such as the 1960s? No, do we really need another trip during this turbulent time? Not right. But if we must have one, should it be as shallow as the "sixties"? <br /> <br /> I would like to think that the co-authors Bill Couture and Robert Greenfield were thinking about this part of the actors more than they did in the end, especially given Cottori's participation in HBO's "Dear America: Home Letters from Vietnam "that used a little original music and did not contain original footage, allowing the viewer and the sounds of time to speak for themselves. This presentation cuts off the file footage with drama production, but does not do anyone's favor by trying to do a lot in a very short time; like many of its likes, seen from the point of view of one family. But it seems that the children of the family share significantly with almost every major event in the 1960s (surprisingly no one goes to the Rolling Stones concert in Altamont), making it seem less dramatic in the period and more like the Cliff Notes version of the contract. <br /> <br /> Gamemakers rush through it to the point that there is not enough time or no time to give characters any character, where the nerve shapes are called our heroes outside the screen for ages in time - the child's father is a special clichehead - then when they return to BLAMMO ! It's something else. Gary Trudeau can teach filmmakers a thing or two about doing this sort of thing correctly. In fairness, Jerry O'Connell, Jordana Brewster, Jeremy Sesto, Julia Steeles, It is certainly good to see David Alan Grier in the role of rare rare as activist Fred Hampton and Rosanna Arquette (in a veil not supported in Part 2) always welcome. <br /> <br /> What is not welcome is how "the 1960s sank soundtrack with many of the songs of the period, eventually reducing their already minor impact (this may be the only time the TV show has been mentioned) The American invasion of America after the 1960s The British invasion - there is no Beatles and there is no Rolling Stones ... Then again, there are a lot of tunes you can wear in the soundtrack album, right?) After his approach to the surface tradition In both the time and the plot with an almost happy ending, he did both "American Dreams" and "El Wonders "is all much better ... Nothing you can see here you can not see anywhere else, people ... except for Julia Steeles who rolls.
