Blob starts with one of the strangest songs ever, sung by the Burt Bacharach band that is not approved for all people! The Blob is worth watching only for this song alone, and the summary of my user comment is just a simple taste for elegant words ... After this impressive opening credits series The Blob presents us, the viewer, to Steve Andrews (Steve) McQueen as Steven McQueen) and his girlfriend Jean Martin (Anita Korsaout) who stand alone on one spot and witness a meteoric fall on the ground in nearby forests. An old man (Olin Howland in the role of Olen Haulen) lives in a cabin, he goes and goes to investigate, and finds a hole and a rock the size of football split when he mocks his stick. The position of the meteor in the center of the meteor is a substance such as foreign jelly sticks to the stick, if you know what I mean! Then the stick slides and attaches itself to the old man's hand. In the meantime, Steve and Jane are quietly driving their own business as the old man runs out in front of Steve's car, where Steve decides to be a fit man to take the old man to Dr. T. Halan (Alden "Stephen Chase" as Stephen Hunt) in local surgery. Dr. Halan says he does not know what the old man's material is, but he grows up and asks Steve to go back to where he is and see if he can find out what happened. Steve agrees but does not come up with anything and when he returns to Dr. Halan's surgery, he sees the point he is eating. The city police, Lt. Dave (Earl Rowe) and the teenager who hates Sergeant Jim Burt (John Benson), certainly do not believe a single word and end up suspecting Steve and his colleagues Anthony Frankie, Tony (Robert Fields) and a man named "Mooch" Miller (James Bonnet) to play a detailed practical joke in the police department. But as the point of eating continues, the road passes through the town. Steve is looking to find evidence of his presence and convince the police of the threat they pose not only to their own town but to the whole world! <br /> <br /> Directed by Irvin S Yeaworth Jr. & Unauthorized Russell S. Doughton Jr. I was very disappointed by this original 1958 release from The Blob. The script of Kay Linker in the role of Kate Phillips and Theodore Simonson is an absolute and very boring cavity and does not benefit from its strongest aspects. Blob focuses on dramas and tiring conflicts between teenagers and the police, in fact Blob was most spent on Steve in an attempt to convince the police of a blob. For most of the film, the dots themselves seem illogical and somewhat forgettable. She has only two or three scenes for the first hour and a little even less than an exciting climax when adults and teenagers have to work together to defeat the point and get a new appreciation found for each other afterwards, Yuk! Why can not the blob eat too much m? No explanation has been given as to the point or origins other than their source from space. How long have you taken them to arrive at that? The dialogue is silent and ridiculous, as are people's actions and decision-making. I love the part when you encounter a nurse named Kate (Lee Patton Lee Lee Byton, did you use anyone whose real name is in this thing?) She throws some acid and quietly announces, "Doctor, nothing will stop him!" , How do you know that "nothing" will stop him exactly? There is no blood or violence, so do not worry about it. Special effects on the same point are not too bad, but they barely have time for the screen and move very slowly, like the film in general. The representation is terrible, supposed to be McQueen when the teenager was actually 28 years old and this shows, he seems old enough to be his father! The same is true for most members of the other "teenagers" team and all people who are generally speaking are not convinced of their roles. Technically, Blob is very basic, dark still photography, dim trend and memorable production values. Blob is one of the films that looks good on paper and is known as "classic" but is actually very disappointed when you see it in the end. This is where the new version of Blob (1988) is definitely better than the original. The original Blob is slow and boring and there is no new version. The original Blob does not contain any blood or jar. In the new version, the original Blob had only bad decisions to act and send and there is no new version. A little time on the screen has only three or four people throughout the entire film, and the new version features dots all the way and feeds an entire city. The selection is easy, it is re-made every time because it's a better film in all respects. I will give the movie two starlets and give the song a brilliant master one in itself. Definitely not a classic and it seems to be a lot of out.
