It is no more than a strange coincidence that I decided to watch STARLIFT on the 59th anniversary of the day in June 1950 when President Truman ordered US forces in the Korean War. STARLIFT, you see, lies largely at Travis Air Force Base in California in the years when it was used as a starting point for soldiers shipped overseas to fight in Korea. But you have to do your own research to find out because it is not once during the movie is the name "Korea" mentioned. We see transport aircraft flying new troops and returning with wounded soldiers, but there is no mention of where they will fight or get injured. It is a strange genre for a film designed to flag the flag and greet American men in formal attire. STARLIFT, released in December 1951 by Warner Brothers, is a very clear effort to replicate the success of World War II front-end spirits in the Hollywood Canteen studio. These 1944 horsemen are the story of two soldiers who spend the last three nights of vacation hanging in a nightclub of the famous Los Angeles Armed Forces in the hope of getting an appointment with Joan Leslie. But in fact it was just an excuse for Warners to give up every star under contract, from Joan Crawford, John Garfield, Barbara Stanwyck to Peter Laurie, Beth Davis, Sydney Greenstreet and more. STARLIFT has two Air Force men hoping to meet Neil Wayne (the mask-like Janice base) and persuade a group of Warner Bros. stars to make an offer to the departing troops. But instead of Crawford, Garfield and others were the best the Warner Brothers could get rid of in 1951. Doris Day, Roth Roman, Gordon McRae, Virginia Mayo, Jane Nelson and Phil Harris with passing appearances of James Kenny and Randolph Scott are embarrassed by Gary Cooper. This type of threaded thread, which combats its combined star power to illuminate the standard lamp, is perfectly compatible with the superb production values. In an effort to save money, many long scenes were filmed using a really bad rear projection. How bad is it? You can see the link where the screen meets the sound floor! To describe STARLIFT as a dirty film, lazy and third, it damages movies that are dirty, lazy, and third. It is terrible. avoid it.
