Stand up, boy. <br /> <br /> Have you ever wanted to watch a documentary about a paranoid novel that destroys his life and explodes all around him? Well, it exists, in many ways. But have you ever wanted to see the documentary about someone who did not finally succeed in doing anything, even though everyone praised the amount of "genius" he was? Well, maybe you can just pick up the camera and find someone like this in any local scene (I know it everywhere and do not follow the local scene), or you can save yourself from trouble by spending money watching this trip. <br /> <br /> The hypothesis is good, and frankly, it does not seem as if the directors knew exactly where to go because it was one of the difficulties of making a documentary. We have made to follow two divisions, the massacre of Brian Jamestown, led by Anton, and Dandy Warhols, led by Courtney. I've heard about The Dandy Warhols before watching this movie ... and not so the Brian Jamestown Massacre. why? Well from the point of view of this documentary, because the common imbalance between Brian Jamestown's decrees rejected their ability to truly make it into the music industry. However, rather than becoming an analysis of the two separate domains and how one succeeds, the focus becomes more on Anton and his geniuses. <br /> <br /> Because, Anton, is a "genius." "Because he plays rock music, he really" understands the evolution of music "... because he plays rock music with many different instruments, his music is" retro-postmodernism but the future "... because it is rock music, After twenty minutes, this is one of the most stupid kids I'm interested in watching a documentary about. <br /> <br /> The documentary itself does not really allow any of the Anton's talent, because in the nature of editing 2000 hours of material to a quarter of less than two hours, we do not really have time to focus on it.Therefore, we see Anton, "The maniacal loser is a jerk for two hours and only asks him to understand that he has made really wonderful music, whether he did it or not, I do not know him, because it's not like the documentary he had enough time to prove it. Then we tell a story about a hateful bastard who is running all over the country calling himself the God of Music and doing nothing to support him Why even bother watching it People like Anton do not deserve the attention they are looking for, the hope and admiration of all these different people, The failure of the lost potential. This movie is similar to a special VH1 display for about two hours for some reason: it communicates with music, but it revolves around the picture and attention. Look at the guy, see how he wears his clothes, see how he behaves, and see how he tries to provoke controversy because he can not afford marketing. <br /> <br /> Frankly the only interesting character in this film is Joel, and this is because of anyone in this documentary, Joel is the only person he seems to enjoy. Maybe it is because he is a man of the tambourine The rest of them are all rock stars! They deserve our attention, admiration, interest and participation! They are there to "save rock and roll." Do you remember when white lines were supposed to save rock and roll? Yes, it was because of Anton, and it is "selfish to remind me not (Anton) as an inspiration." What a load. It is better to leave people like Anton forgotten. This documentary explains why mainstream music is so boring - because exex musicians have to deal with people like Anton for a living, and ultimately can only cast their support behind someone who is safe and passionate. Thank you very much, Anton. Strangely ruined your music for everyone you touched, regardless of dissenting opinion. If people who "know" about Anton disagree and be a genius, he still shows how bad this documentary is because he cuts it that way. <br /> <br /> - PolarisDiB
