I went to this movie with great hopes. Usually, I'm not picky about my movies and movies creatures are * always * fun to watch, or so I thought. I will mention the good parts of this film: - Effects of the creature. All the creatures were well-performing, their movements were realistic, and they fit well with other images. Frankly, the effects of the creature were the only reason I was given this movie 2 instead of 1. Now, bad things: - acting. Good Lord, I've seen bad acting, but this movie takes the cake. Not one of the characters so close * to the credo. It looks like the director sent a phone call and chose all the worst tests. I tried hard not to laugh too loud, because I did not want to bother anybody else in the theater, but the act was really bad. - Story: The whole story is full of holes in the plot from start to finish. You can choose at least 5 plot holes of any 30 minutes of film. Slots cut, of course, free with cheese. This is probably one of the most vulgar, not well thought out, and most important stories I have seen on the screen since I had the bad luck of sitting one night watching parasites on SciFi. - Dialogue: This is a world in which everyone says the most things that can be something and the most interesting, at every opportunity possible. In this world, it seems that every line has been talked about by at least 30 other films of at least low-budget creatures. It is a world of cheese and clichés. - Special effects. While the effects of the creature are quite impressive, the special effects fail miserably. Yes, they are better than those seen in other films, but many are in the presentation. This movie has no show at all. It looks kind of like the special effects used in Power Rangers TV, to be honest. To sum up: Dragon War does not deserve your time nor your money. This concept is good, but it is besieged in mismanagement of film, acting, dialogue, and cheese. Wait until the next big monster movie comes out. You should be better than this, because Dragon Wars is very terrible.
