King MAKER will undoubtedly be a success in Thailand where "The Legend of Suriyothai" (but legend) records the box office. The film, directed by Lake Kitabaporn after a screenplay by Sean Casey based on the historical reality of 1547 Siam, contains some stunning visual elements, but is disarmed through one of the most attractive pedestrian manuscripts and story development in the film. The event involved the arrival of the Portuguese soldier from the wealth of Fernando de Gama (Gary Stritsch), who was forced by the father's murderous revenge to sink, capture and throw it into bondage and place it on the block in Ayuthaya in the Kingdom of Siam where it was bought by beautiful Maria (Cindy Burbridge) Her father, Philip (John Reese-Davis), a man with a name and a lot are revealed as the story progresses. There is a conspiracy to overthrow the king and Fernando and his new arm from Siamese Tong (Dom Hitrakul), after an unprecedented reward of CGI martial arts martial, first rewarded by the king to become bodyguards, only to be jailed together once (U Haasdevicht) reveal Plot to kill the king and her son to allow her lover Lord Chakravat (Oliver Bobart) to take over Siam. But of course Fernando and Tung run away and judge them to fight each other to save their family's lives (Tong's wife and children and Fernando now have a strong love affair with Maria) with the expected consequences. <br /> <br /> The acting (with the exception of John Reese-Davis) is so poor that the film sometimes looks like it was supposed to be a camp. A conflict often casts Thai with poorly written dialogue, which makes us wish they had used their Thai with translations. The musical result of Ian Livingston looks like it was extracted from old TV series. But if the visual splendor you are after there is a lot of it, this alone makes the movie worth watching. It is a film that enjoys high and clear financial support for all special effects and audiences and sets out its good intentions. It's just missing basics. Grady harp
