As with most reviewers, I saw this on STARS! On demand. After watching the preview with my girlfriend, I decided not to see how bad the preview was. On the other hand, I thought it seemed strange enough to justify seeing. I mean, Dr. Miso's design alone included a brief summary of this title. After watching it, I can say that while there are some important aspects (such as browsing on laptops and trying to discover the incomprehensible story), it is best to go beyond this story. <br /> <br /> * Major Spoilers Ahead * After recording her first video on an incomplete CD, the lead singer, Cassidy, kills herself in an attempt to make her friend Neil watch her. After 3 months, the band tries to decide whether to end the album or not. To try to find out what Cassidy wanted, they go to see her old psycho friend, Dr. Miso, and try to contact her through him. In his reading of the card, Dr. Miso prepared four death cards directly for the remaining four members of the band. Bad times are coming. (I just wanted to make it clear that later in the film, they show that the death card really represents the only change.) Glory them at least that.) Finish the album. But while in the bathroom, Dora Cassidy's girlfriend, took a look at her deceased boyfriend. When another colleague goes to check, she stands in the dark and asks for her sunglasses. This is the time when murder begins. <br /> <br /> My main problem with the film from the start is that it seems to be wrong. There are many similar effects, unnecessary zoom, and a large number of other cheap effects that perplex this film. An incoherent story does not help anything either. While the narration is suspended together for the first part, once Cassidy is revived, everything collapses. We have leaps between Cassidy and Dr. Miso (who managed to reach a vaguely closed building), indicating that they are somehow connected. However, within a few minutes of this revelation, we find that Cassidy is in fact an independent object from Meso. He then turns into the man who helped her revenge as he scurries away in a way that calls Jack Nicholson into the role of The Joker. But not in a good way. <br /> <br /> From this point onward, Cassidy's places are displayed, but there are strange flaws where the character moves from one place to another almost out of sequence. In one scene, we see Cassidy standing on an office, when you enter a character in the next scene, they are nowhere to be found. As he moves behind the office, we see her at the end of the lobby. Then in another room, hold the keys (already owned by Neil), then count again. Not to mention that from moment to moment, Cassidy's mood seems to reach 180 full without an incentive. At one point, she wants to kill everyone (although she has only 90% of the characters) - the next time she apologizes for everyone and comes out the door to die again. Sound confusing? That's because it is. It's a mixed mess and I'm sure the writer could not even find it. <br /> <br /> As for the shows, most of them are very wooden. Although some are interesting, this is not a generally known piece. The story is the driving force behind this piece.
