I hope the viewer, Dream Machine, is one of the best films by Haim Haim and that "The Best of the Century" was a joke. Unconscious cynicism on my part? I sincerely hope so. <br /> <br /> The Dream Machine is the first of a long series of humble waiters that will hit the rest of the life of Corey Hayyim (except for the amazing "Rolbo Prayer"). Here, Haim plays the role of an uninvolved college boy, Bernie, who assumes that a wonderful car will attract the attention of a girl of his dreams. Lucky for Bernie, a wealthy woman aiming to return to her deceitful husband, she hastily decides to reward her faithful piano tuner - Bernie - with a gift: Porsche Turbo. However, it is not known to women, it is regrettable to Bernie, that her deceased husband has been killed and his body hidden in the trunk. Now, since in this film, the bodies do not seem to be decomposing or have a somewhat strange fascia, Bernie is unaware of this. In fact, the obscure boy does not have the idea that something suspicious is going on despite the many strange circumstances that arise. In particular, followed by a grizzled man, desperate for control of that relatively undiscovered body. <br /> <br /> This is a low-grade movement story as many of Haim's films are like this (see The Double O Kid). Although part of the work, part of the romantic comedy, this film failed to give the viewer much attention for at least forty-five minutes in which the directors take more than enough time to show the immediate problem (such as Bernie owning a car and a body Dead, and a hit man discovers that a Porsche will be hard to find). Afterwards, thanks to the bad representation by Haim (I also loved this child, but it is not funny to acknowledge the times when he obviously could not act well) and the lack of immediate immediacy and an emergency between Bernie and the villain. Makes a lot of events unconvincing, and as a result, can not be accepted. To add insult to injury, the sound was unbelievably funny and seemed like an intuitive song to hear in Team America (see "History"). <br /> <br /> However, Loyal Corey Haim lovers should not be disappointed to see their child abundantly. Still, others who realize that Haim's career has peaked when he was 14 or 15 years old and never recovered are likely to expect an average decline, as do viewers who only look for comedy fuzz in the early 1990s.
