So I rented this from Netflix because someone introduced me to Roger Ebert's book "I hated, hated, hated this movie." This rating gave a rare rating of the zero star in the book. "Mad Dog Time should be cut to provide free shots for the poor," he said at the end of his original review. So I figured from Ebert that I would see if it was really bad, he said. I know most of the community says not to listen to critics and judge yourself, but I could not express how much I hated this unwanted piece, as Ebert did, and never before since Ebert's "North" review of Rob Rainer, where he said he hated the 10th film. Times I heard such a wonderful movie review hate. Here we have Richard Dreyfus as gangs I do not think it would be a terrible thing to see Dreyfus a gangster if this movie script was written well. But above all other things that were awful about this "movie" I can certainly tell you that the script did not write well at all. While the film starts with Jeff Goldblum says he enjoyed watching Dreyfuss's girlfriend while Dreyfuss was in a criminal hospital, the film begins with some decent dialogue after the opening credits. But then in the first 4 or 5 minutes, the other 85 minutes are made up of dumb characters talking about meaningless garbage for 30 seconds and then shooting at someone. Then there's a whole bunch of jokes about Dreyfus being mentally ill. Haha. Not funny. After that, we got a disturbing and unpleasant scene mocking the film "My Way" by Frank Sinatra, Gabriel Byrne apparently to insult Dreyfus. Of course because the script was written at the level of sixth grade student Dreyfus shoots Bern more than five times and will not die Berne. Are we as the public supposed to care or even find that funny to say the least? I can definitely tell you that I did not care or find it funny. Not only am I disappointed in Dreyfuss (which I liked very much as an actor) for his production and starring on this trip, but I am also very disappointed at Jeff Goldblum because it was released this year in the same year as Independence Day was the best movie of the year The end is one of the most successful films in history. Did Gold Bloom feel that "Independence Day" would be a coup, and then just play the next role offered him to make some money if Independence Day was a bomb? What did the Oscar winner and the star of two of the biggest films that made films in history find interesting? The opening sequence of "Mad Dog Time" says the film was set on another planet. I just wish now to spend 93 minutes watching this garbage that would stay and open in the theaters on the planet, where it is supposed to happen, and in this way, no one on this planet will be able to here from these ridiculous wastes that take 93 minutes of life Which will not return. Ebert says the film had to be cut not well enough and I'm afraid. Each version of "Mad Dog Time" must have poured gasoline all over it and be lit on the fire. I have not yet done the worst film I've ever seen because this movie won it as the best film ever.
