What an insult to Olivia Depot who plays the role of the heroine of the film, Robin, to make Keanu Reeves look so great on the art of painting in the film (and at least in the recent reissue, Reeves show only on the box), she was the star. I realize that his name is the one who will eventually sell this after school forgetfulness, but at least give women credit. <br /> <br /> However, this should be one of the worst sports movies I've ever seen in a teenager that I have not seen before, and strive very hard not only to add clichés of sports movies and teens from the collective war between gymnasts to romance Teen. In an attempt to turn himself in one way or another as an amateur alternative to Flashdance (although the music in one of the dance scenes in the warehouse is very close to the famous "Maniac" by Michael Sembello, which was famous for Flashdance, or was it in the opposite direction?). It includes similar dance sequences and even worse, until the traditions of dance and sport in the 80s of the evil dances between the heroine and her adversary (adversaries), the person who doubts her successes and abilities in the team. We saw this in Trashin (a jute vert ramp) and Rad (BMX dancing in the prom, although it was not much competition, but for fun) for example. In fact, this film is full of unrealistic softness, like the sexual homosexuality in the Army of Salvation uniforms with Robin and her friend from the team. <br /> <br /> However, the film revolves around a little girl who comes from a fairly poor background. To get to the top is in dire need of pressure from the masses as sympathetically as possible, living with her sick mother, her abhorrent sister, and her father's (and somewhat abusive) father. Needless to say, housewife is not very attractive. Add to the mix, gymnastic talent, but there are many obstacles to joining the team (including the nuisance of her arrogant colleagues and teammates in the snobby team and the coach who eventually doubt their ability to compete well). Of course, we can not forget that she has looked at one of the beautiful boys who are preparing for one of his hateful teammates, or that she does not have a steady friend (although Keanu Tome later enters the picture). Can this child be more pathetic? It seems that the chaos after another comes to embarrass itself in its long and effortless quest to prove its importance to all. <br /> <br /> But, even the main moments of cheese that include most of the film, hardly worth mentioning since the biggest distraction of this film is representation and terrible dialogue. (I like the way the gym coach suddenly shows up at a mid-dance dinner to scold his teammates). It makes episodes of "amazing stories" look like Shakespeare. <br /> <br /> I imagine that anyone who is able to locate this movie and watch it these days may be often dictated by nostalgia. So you may be satisfied, but it is also an incredibly imposed drama. Therefore, warn emptor.
