After watching this film, I left a lot of misgivings about this film: Why did they make Chen's character this "McGeever Strike" and character me such a stupid incompetent? Chen's personal background is that he grew up in a Cambodian orphanage under the ground to kill him bloodthirsty where they learn to quarrel to death like wild "dogs." These details are paid early during a scene where he collides with a taxi and when he starts driving, shows how unusual he is on the seat belt. Shortly after this scene, he has a similar attitude in Dim sum restaurant. Not only is he uneducated, he is starving. This is not a reference to Shen's dreadful fitness, but to the early two scenes in the film where he came out of food, one of them, rice porridge off the floor of the bottom ship on an old ship. In the first ten minutes of the film, Chen proved to be malnourished, unskilled, with only the thing around him, his "tight" fighting style. Despite this situation, Chen is able to shoot at every policeman (so that he can collide with a bullet from a metal tube to hit a man in the head and hold his girlfriend Chen as a hostage) and somehow get superhuman strength (swinging 50 pounds of concrete) I painted it at the end of a metal tube, at the top of the police commander as it was shot in the chest, by the head he said. <br /> <br /> Personality to me now ... well, I get it, it is depressed, Wow, can he do anything right? At one point, they try to make him calm, author and ready to take care of the business, and the next moment, he wins again The first scene runs to Chen, and manages to miss him, about 15 feet, several times.To the end of this scene, Lee Chen watches as he stabs his close friend and colleague slowly in the neck with a long knife for 5 whole seconds, while carrying a gun to Chen's face, on After 10 feet, even at the end of the film, Lee was challenged to death and failed again. <br /> <br /> My biggest problem with this film is that it is presented in such a way that filmmakers try to get the public to sympathize with Chen's personality and that it is Just "kill for survival". It would be much easier if I did not watch Chen kill innocents throughout the whole terrible film. Of the many people killed, only two had the intention of trying to kill him, the police chief and me. Others were just people eating, boat owners, taxi drivers, and police trying to arrest him, not murder. In general, Chen's personality is just a cold-blooded killer kills what he wants, even if it is just a free trip. (Have you mentioned that it carries a bunch of hundreds of dollar bills in most of the movie?) My three star photos go to some interesting director / camera work that got some great shots. <br /> <br /> The end result: one made for lovers of hugging Chen Zhao. For me, "Dog Bite This DVD"
