Through my observations "Kool-Aid", I mean that these are loyal admirers of Pavarotti so much that they make no effort to evaluate this film objectively. Giving this number 10 is like giving Wally Cox the Mr. Universe Prize or putting Elvis Velvet Painting in the Louvre !!! When this film first appeared, I remember the brutal reviews with titles like "No, Giorgio" and some said it was among the worst films ever produced. This is certainly an exaggeration too. Although he was bad and far from the great work of art, there was much to admire in the film, and the biggest deficit in the film did not act with Pavarotti nor in his surroundings. <br /> <br /> Believe it or not, the biggest burden is to blame only on the shoulders of the book (who, I think, are chimpanzees). It is rare to watch a movie that contains a cliched dialog or clumsy scenes like a food fight, but it is not even the crux of the problem. The problem is that the writers intend to care about the audience as "romantic" consisting of a middle-aged married man and a seemingly desperate lady. The European masses may be more forgiving than this, but in the United States in 1982 or today, such romance seems meager and selfish - especially when Pavarotti tells Harold that he loves his wife and "this is just fun." Wow, we talk about romantic dialogue !! Unfortunately, if they changed the script a bit and made Pavarotti widowed or his wife might have resembled a wife in classic Hollywood movies, such as "THE SUSPECT" (where the nasty and unpopular wife could forgive or even love the husband) ). Instead, she is the loving mother of two children patiently waiting in the house while the Baal family wears the right and left selfishness - as Pavarotti admits there are many things before Harold's interview. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, even wonderful Pavarotti music could not save this movie. Near the end of the film, there are some stunning scenes in New York, where the group is wonderful and unbelievable singing Pavarotti. For this reason, I think the movie is worth at least 3. I really wanted to like the movie more, but it was a really bad film - although it was not as corrupt as I had heard. Unfortunately, from what I read, this film may be a life-like artistic case, because Pavarotti's later life had some similarities with this film, although this is not exactly the forum to discuss this in detail.
