I did not hear about this film until I read an article about it on Unknown Movies, which made me curious. As a cartoonist and illustrator, I admire the work of Richard Williams - Ziggy's gift was one of the best Christmas specials of all time, and although Framed Roger Rabbit stopped being one of my favorite films when I was over 16, I still have the highest rating for the amount of work, care and attention to detail that have emerged in the creation of visual images - but it seems that the man has his drawbacks, most notably the tendency to exceed the budget and schedule. This film is a testament to how wrong it can be that even a talented person like Williams is mistaken, given the right circumstances. <br /> <br /> Raggedy Ann and Andy is a strange strange solution trying to be strange and experimental and outside the wall within the boundaries of the cartoon for children. He also tries to be a musician. She is trying to be a thousand and another - is he strange? Is it a blower for the mind? Is it the pain of innocence of childhood imagination? - eventually collapsing under the weight of its unlimited aspirations and aspirations. It's a beautiful move, for the most part, although nice backgrounds could have attracted more attention, but even that does not mean much when you face the hallucinatory absurdity that makes up a large part of the "action" here. There are a number of problems in the movie, but let's start with Raggedy Ann and Andy themselves. They are the stars of the show, but they have no personalities. In fact, we received a message that Andy was a strong, wailing man ("I'm not a girl's game," he sings) and Anne has a unique view of things because her owner, a little girl called Marcella, carries her upside down, but that's all we know It is about these dim figures for the clay because the overwhelming strangeness of this film has not begun long. I use the word "oddity" cautiously, because some strange films can be very entertaining, but this is quite strange. The toys and toys in the playroom are supposed to be attractive and lovable, but they are actually strange and annoying. Two main examples. But it is even relatively natural compared to the constantly thirsty pirate captain, who becomes charred and swollen visibly when he first notices a glamorous French doll. Yes, it's supposed to be a children's movie! Then there is the unforgettable music, all of which are sung by actors who can not sing. To add insult to injury, there is a lot of singing in this film. When Ann and Andy are finally out of the playroom, the first thing they do is sing a long number in the woods about how afraid they are, how they will always have each other and ... yes, we get the message. This seems to last forever, but at least brings back some aspects of normal life to the film. Not for a long time, because the kneeling kneecap on our knees leads us to a strange world where everything seems to be made of worn and faded denim, which is bad enough that he obviously has schizophrenia - and starts hallucinating. But this is nothing compared to the scenes that follow. Greed, live and breathe. The burping, the cracking, and the constant eating of the toffee candy, full of holes, creeping, and ultimately annoying, hardly believe what you see - this is closer to a narcotic drug-free experience than I saw in the film. Then, after spending a long time with greed, Leonard Looney comes to the psychic and his master King Coco, who resembles his urinal throne. I can not believe I actually write a prescription for a real movie here - I just had to rub my eyes and remind myself that I'm not a reporter about a very annoying nightmare. A part of the sequence in Lonnie Land resembles one of the old animations of Eagle Mckay / Little Nemo, for no good reason, but someone wanted to do it, probably. All this would be fine if there was a rhyme or reason behind it, but there was not. These scenes are strange, and very long. Surrealism only works when there is a strong idea behind it, or it occurs against certain manifestations of reality. But nothing in these scenes indicates any kind of reality. Take this item, and you will remain full of yourself. <br /> <br /> When the final scenes disintegrate, even the animation begins to look less impressive (the pirate ship, sarcastically detailed, vibrates on the water in a way that indicates that some cels have lost during production) and there is no event to end Simply to run out of money. Even in the tiny 86-minute minute, the film looks like an endless ordeal, and it is understandable why it was reflected in the original version. Animation fans are likely to fool their heads and wonder how Williams managed to get rid of this amazingly stunning, but he did, and there's nothing anyone can do about it.
