The shallow shallow starts either by honoring or by watching the shower scene at PSYCHO. (I tend to tear). Then it gets worse and then it becomes surprising to become original. Bad behavior and amateur maze guides down a fairly interesting little story, but the movie already outperforms many in "Yankee comes south to be killed by a bunch of retarded" because it was actually filmed in the south. <br /> A group of college girls head to Fort Lauderdale for a summer break, and are run in Georgia by a flat frame after getting off the main road. (Note to the Yankees: Stay on the highway when you go to Florida.) Su-Ellen (Lisa Stahl) has to urinate until she goes to the forest. When she finally finds a good place to do her work, she witnesses the local police chief (Tony March) choking his mistress (Mary Roselle) to death. (Note for yanks: Do not walk around in the woods when you're in the south; not because you might see a murder, but you might be living on a marijuana farm.) That's where the story is approaching, not the film, from reality. To be good. <br /> <br /> While Tony Marsh will never have to practice Oscar's speech, Sheriff Dean becomes a creepy image of an ordinary man torn apart by what he has done and what he should do. Tom Lou is beloved as Vice Scott and is an authentic Southern deputy as I have seen since Walton Giggins (Deputy Steve Naish) at HOUSE OF 1000 CORPSES. <br /> <br /> Some of the scenes in the movie are worth mentioning. The girls stop at a barbecue in South Carolina and expose their racism when a big black man examines them. Sue Ellen collides in a barn to hide behind some straw bales and in a horrible real moment a big snake hides in the straw with it. <br /> <br /> In the strangest scene, Sharif like Dean is about to rape Patti (Carol Cadby) and tell her to take off her clothes. Dean turned the radio so the noise drowned what he was about to do. The radio announcer needs to go back and read the Bible. His sermon revolves around how to save Isabel in the blood of Jesus Christ. I feel sorry for the herd of this preacher. Isabel was in the Old Testament several thousand years before Jesus was born, and she is by no means one of the five people she will meet in heaven.
