Once again, she was one of the most misunderstood gods in my country crooked by "Westerners" who can not understand the mystical symbolism of the Mother Gods in their dark forms. The mother takes the scary form of Kali Mata to destroy our inner demons, and terrorize our ego. Despite bloody sacrifices to Cali and Durga, the events described in this film are just absurd. The mother takes an angry form to be angry with our inner demons, restraints, and ego when no other form is enough. She is also in her angry form that she burns all your Karmas in the "Smashan" fires that she plants in her heart until she dances if you love her and will bring you reality and truth. Reality and truth have a dark side as well as a light that serves the purpose. Mother is the embodiment of the material universe too, it is nature. Nature can be harsh and destructive to maintain balance. You can not have growth and life without death and destruction. Cali represents the power of destruction for the purpose of new growth and the life of both worldly and spiritual in the universe. It is very outrageous for me that people who know nothing about India or divinity can only take one of our beloved gods and use them as a cheap prostitute in producing a low-cost, unbalanced horror film. How dare they take our beloved mother and portray her as a horror that makes people cut their eyelids? It is appalling only to those who are associated with their arrogance and who live in delusion, greed, anger and other internal demons. It is very clear to me that the person who wrote this movie should enjoy a very dope self-deception, and serious internal demons to see Cali as horrible and horrible. When the ego falls, it becomes the charming, beautiful, and youthful form of beauty that is so enchanting that it dazzles the entire universe. Kali Maa is an old mother, not to be tampered with for entertainment, let us hope only for her infinite compassion and mercy not to take the form of anger to those involved in this film. <br /> <br /> The audacity enjoyed by Westerners in the use of religions such as the religious, or the religions of the Caribbean islands such as Santeria, and Vodou which are in fact very positive, and other such religions to develop and exaggerate elements that are misunderstood and which can not Western mind Understand it, totally silly. Clearly, there is no respect for what people live, breathe and believe when it comes to such clicks. <br /> <br /> In fact, Cali what is actually an emotional mother and passion, we shed tears beautiful feet in devotion and love to. I am happy because my mother takes an angry form at times to protect her worshipers from themselves and from outside forces. <br /> <br /> Many applaud the Real Cali Ma, who has shown much the way of God and perception.
