Ignore (if possible) the smoking of unwarranted marijuana (which appears to be mandatory in Australian government-funded films) The actors of this film provide credible performance. This is as far as it goes. The rest is simply awful. The plot is overloaded with "F" symbolisms which are designed to look good in the movie but go anywhere. A striking example of this is the giant peach float, which is clearly left behind by the city procession and donated by the local canning plant. It was very tempting to waste what we had hoped would be free, but still irrelevant support! Peach is given quickly and inexplicably washed at one stage but that is where it ends. <br /> <br /> Similarly, the infamous "black" road sign in which Steve's parents were killed is meant to symbolize the end. Escape from her past, but her escape to what? She had a good deal where she was special, taking into account her visual handicap, her endless patience, love and caring for her understanding of a young woman. <br /> <br /> However, the Guinness Prize for Corneal Melodrama goes to Alan's description. Alan is looking forward to the noble role of the manager of the trade union shop but "rats" to his fellow workers by becoming a supervisor of a wicked multinational man! S homepage! As an administrator, Alan performs the dirty work of the Lord. He performs repetitions until the plant is completely closed, and surprise and surprise, and leaves Alan himself as a pathetic failure and the unemployed. There are no cliché zones here, my friend! Not only this, but Alan also loses Steve the charmer of the most relationships that are unlikely to encounter. If you think the plot is melodramatic and educational, do not ask for details. What is the importance of shaving cream in Steph's attractive leg? Why do not the hotel, where the couple makes love, finally make someone get illegal access to one of its finest bedrooms, and among other epidemics, the sheets are regularly polluted - amazingly on one occasion. Summarize this movie in a word: avoid, avoid, avoid.
