I saw this immediately after seeing HILLSIDE bombs, so anything was better. Furthermore, it prevents me from comparing ZOMBI 3 to 28 DAYS LATER and follows it. Unfortunately, the more I saw it, the more I realized the quality of Danny Boyle's good performance and the impact of this film on 28 weeks. <br /> <br /> One can not fail to notice the extent of the 28-year history of this kind of Italian horror film. I was absolutely convinced that ZOMBI 3 should have been manufactured in 1980 or 1981 at the latest - in which case I had contacted my 28 YATAR LATER (Geddit?) - but I did not even come to this page to find it was issued in 1988 All production values ​​scream that they flick the budget low from the very early part of this decade. I may have enjoyed this movie as a 15-year-old student in 1982, as my colleagues did, but not now. <br /> <br /> Much of the problem involves a lack of internal continuity. For example mixing some zombie with a snail's pace while others can work very quickly and possess self-awareness leading to a silly ending scene involving a DJ. Similarly, some can be killed by a kick on the face while others remain alive even if they are cut off, wait until you see the refrigerator scene, you may die of laughter. Even serious characters suffer from this kind of slow and fabricated scripts, as the character suddenly reveals that he is a pilot who leads me to wonder why the army used him to drive jeeps in a career. <br /> <br /> Obviously you mention the previous film The CRAZIES He also reminded me of the last 28. A handful of terrorists burst into a scientific base that leads to all kinds of disasters, where the military are the bad guys who try to kill both the wounded and the survivors, and long before the end you will find that everyone is dying. The problem with this is that you are immediately reminded of how the British franchisee will do so better on a larger budget. Not only that, but the privilege of the 28 will attract an intellectual audience may not have a great interest in the film of horror medium. ZOMBI 3 will appeal to anyone except the hardcore audience spots
