In 1979 Lucio Folsi released his film "Zombie". However, due to the earlier importation of Georges Romero "Dawn of the Dead", which had the name for its Italian version, it was reissued to Zombi 2. (which was also a bonus allowing the public to believe that it was a sequel to Romero II). As a continuation of this theme, Zombi II, which was supposed to be called Zombi 2, was dubbed "Zombi 3." In the UK, Zombi's original movie Zombie 2 was titled "Zombie Flesh Eaters." To follow up, zombi 3 was dubbed "Zombie Flesh Eaters 2" for release in the UK. (Do you follow all this?) If the Flesc Eaters eat Folsi, is this his second day of death? While this is only a clear observation, the story of the military complexes and helicopters and the narration of the complaint is no doubt that it bears a vague objective resemblance. <br /> <br /> Some European Folsi trend embodies in a film like this, but acting, dubbing and heavy show texts are extremely awful. Its ecological message is so imposed and exaggerated that it can no longer be considered a sub-text, while there is an honor for hilarious birds (inadvertently). Combining this last element with the MOR 80s is no longer a good idea. For some reason I could not stop thinking about "monkey time" (q.v.) all the time I was watching it. Obviously this is not a good thing. <br /> <br /> While there is nothing here to compete with diving scuba diving and zombie wrestling that wrestles sharks and eyeballs on a sliver, the malignant tendencies of Folsi hate get an exercise with the cleanliness of a hotel ground hotel in the mirror until the blood flows. His gor fannish inclination also see hand cut. Both subjects are combined when a woman's face is cut, first by a single coma, then a coma embryo is torn from the stomach of a pregnant woman. <br /> <br /> In terms of production, this is clearly a step from Zombi, five years from now. (Nine years in terms of issuance worldwide). But without the original low key charm, it struggles, while Stefano Mainetti's music is inappropriate and uninspiring. The result was Fabio Frizzi and one of the best things about the movie '79. Here zombie attacks appear to be unabated, like Bonnie Tyler's "Hold Out For A Hero". In the middle of this carnage, we get a disturbing interest in love, Roger and Kenny, two kind of gentle taste who do all they can with the acrobatics and clearly state what is clear. ("We are out of ammunition" to the stun gun is a certain highlight). But where they also fall into the zombies themselves. The key is low or not, the original Folsi had a really amazing zombie. Skull faces, worms in the eye sockets ... were really something to hint. By contrast, the opt-out option of this choice favors the "men who have little paint on their faces" traditional. <br /> <br /> The climax of a very large number of Romero movies is so funny, while using DJs is a cheap and cheap narrative way. Does not contain the same elements of anger and undue nudity from the first, and this is unlikely to have the same attraction as worship. <br /> <br /> It turned out that Folsi actually got out of the project after he was said to have taken only 15 minutes and the rest was filmed by Bruno Matte. I'm quite sure that even Folsi was going to back off the funny "Flying Zombie Head" scene, and credited the manager with having a good idea of ​​leaving. But unfortunately, his name is located above the title of the film in the releases, so the majority of people will leave the impression that this film is from Folsi films through and through it. On this scale, it represents a major setback for him, because this film commits what Folsi imagines to be the worst crime of all: the crime of boredom.
