Zombi 3 begins when a group of heavily armed men steal an experimental chemical developed to save the dead while trying to escape from the man. The chemical container carrying the chemical was shot. The guy gets some green chemicals on the wound in his hand, and shortly after turning him into a flesh eater eating zombie. In a matter of hours, the surrounding area is creeping towards the East in a bold search for new victims. Kenny (Diran Saravian) and his army comrades find themselves in a big problem because they stop to help Patricia (Beatrice Ring) and her friend Lea (Bergammi) Before the zombie birds (!). General Morton is in charge of the situation and has to stop the spread of the zombie epidemic all over the world! But will he and his men succeed? <br /> <br /> Italian film director Lucio Fulci was to be directed by Lucio Fulci, but the story is about a stroke and he could not finish the film. Franco Gudenzi asked the director of the second unit, Bruno Matte, Claudio Fragaso to intervene and complete the film. It seems that Mattei & Fragasso did more than just finish it, they already ignored a lot of Fulci shots and added a lot of their own catches, and ended up with Bombi 3 at the end of the first half 50/50. The script by Fragasso is an absolute mess, none of it is well thought out and is just as stupid as it gets. Scenes of coma birds that attack people are not only technically incompetent but the whole idea is ridiculous. The zombies themselves have no consistency at all. Look at the scene where Patricia is on the bridge, while the zombies are slow while mixing them, but look at the scene early where she was attacked by the zombie with the sickle because it is walking around as in steroids, Without any reasonable explanation about 10 minutes before the end of the film, zombies are suddenly developing the ability to speak which also seems light. There are a lot of wrong things with Zombi 3, scene after scene of terribly thoughtful thinking and inefficiently directed work, terrible character and boring English dialogue that makes no sense in half the time. Then there is an embarrassing scene where the zombie head in the refrigerator suddenly develops from the ability to fly through someone's neck in the air and a bite, the scene in which the white-clad man is finally about to kill Kenny & Roger but instead of using automatic rifles they decide to try Kill them by hand, even when Kenny picks up a gun himself still refusing to use their guns and when Kenny starts shooting at them, they still refuse to use their guns, one of the most inefficiently handled weapons ever seen to be filmed, Kenny takes off at the Marrow Lively, but can not rest on the ground for a few seconds literally to pick up his girlfriend, then a load of zombie suddenly burst out from under some piles of grass, what? How long have the zombies been hiding themselves under piles of grass? It may all seem "fun" but believe me it is not, it's a really bad movie that's just boring and repetitive and does not simply work at any level as a piece of entertainment except for some unintended laughter. <br /> It's hard to tell who is responsible for what exactly but no footage is filmed well. The problem is that they have only one fog machine and you can see that in one corner of the screen, the fog is noticeably thicker. It comes straight out of the machine and reduces the noise. Its effect while dispersing across the scene. Since many of them are tuned during the day, it does not add any kind of atmosphere at all, and when they get it correctly, and the fog spreads evenly across the screen, they seem to be shooting the scene on a foggy day! The trend is weak with no consistency, just looks and feels down the barrel stuff. Even the blood and the wound do not reach much. There is a great hand that cuts off at first, a scene in which a pregnant woman, a woman with no legs (which has already led to her legs in the pool by the way) and why did not take the legs from the man who jumped to save him For anyone who hopes to see a Gautia festival, the likes of Folsi regularly during the late 1970s and early 1980s will be very disappointed, there are no nutrition-friendly scenes, no intestines, no "head shots" and very little gore. /> <br /> Technically, the film is lousy, special effects cheap parachute It is already filmed in the Philippines to keep the cost low.It is clear that the entire film has been named, and the representation still looks bad even though the English version seems to have been written by someone Do not understand the language well. <br /> <br /> Zombi 3 is not a sequel to Fulci's zombie classic zombie 2 (1979), which has nothing to do with the cash title, but I'm sorry but Zombi 3 is an amateur mess for a movie, it's Dull, meaningless, not funny to be amusing and lacking any decent nonsense. One to avoid.
