Where do I start? I wanted to enjoy this film, and I did. However, I wanted to be able to enjoy it for being another zombie movie worth my loot, and not. This was a different kind of fun. This was unhealthy, overjoyed that I participated in watching one of the most ridiculous ID movies we have not seen yet. I did not care much about what excuses Folsi had, there was no excuse for this film. It was a bad film everywhere, but I still can not give it to less than 4 out of 10, which is what I did, because ... well, at least, I could have laughed at this difference in the film. I had to imagine this zombie, which was found all over the roofs of these buildings everywhere ... I had to imagine that they were either fucked up in hell, so they crawled on the flames and floated on the roof The stone erection, or they saw the live-in-the-air band, so they took it upon themselves to set up several air ambushes. What really, what do I do there when I was dead? <br /> <br /> I had to laugh at some zombies doing what seemed like swings in martial arts, kicks, jumps, and some fragility like traditional meat. I was closing my eyes on a floating head that I never explained. I saw with terrible pleasure where the land where they were, Filipines, was completely submerged in fog, large doses of fog, and that the ponds were during the boiling of the castle trenches. I had to move when I saw that the treatment design for this plague had been painted on the blackboard in the form of an octagon with lines extending from every corner, written "Dead One" in the middle. I had to ask myself ... If the science of zombie therapy is so easy, I wonder if I can come up with something to start a zombie outbreak here! <br /> <br /> All the influences were outside, the ugly dubbing, I'm sure that the original behaves as poor, the story is silly, the zombies are inconsistent, even in a bad way they could all be alike, women are ugly, but I found myself enjoying this The thing. It was an enjoyable hour. It turned out to be a very bad movie, and I would not recommend this unless someone in the movies exploited the output badly, but again I say ... it was worth a good laugh. I crave zombie movies no matter what, but when this was the name of my folicie, it was supposed to be much better. Let me dare say, Zombie was the best Holocaust.
