I'm a fan of Lucio Folsi, but I have to say that "Zombi 3" (also known as "Zombie Flesh Eaters 2") of 1988, which he made with two other directors, Bruno Matte and Claudi Fragasu, was very frustrating. Especially in comparison to its great predecessor, classic classic Volci classic "Zombi 2" (also known as "Zombie Felsh Eaters" / "Zombie") of 1979, this is very disappointing. Certainly, the low rating 4.5 actually indicates that it is not a good film, but these low ratings usually come from people who are not in Italian zombie films. As an enthusiastic fan of Italian horror films and low-budget movie theaters, many of the films that have been rewarded only enjoy lower ratings Much. Also, many of my fellow Italian horror fans seem to be thinking about this film as being worthless, something I can not regret. This film was not a complete disaster. She has some failed qualities, and above all the effects of nausea Folsi, who is always happy to watch her for a horror horror film / Gore. The basic idea behind the film is also not bad (although it is not far from the original) and I liked the harsh image of the army. Unfortunately, this is about it. Although the great predecessor "Zombi 2" was very harsh, but beyond that too was a real creep, this is not creepy or frightening for a minute, and nausea and extreme nausea is the only real reason to watch "Zombi 3". Sometimes the film is fun to watch, but only for the film, as an unintended comedy. I think the main reason was the rose from Folsi, and the disappointing rest of Matte and Fregaso, the first of which was involved in a handful of bad clicks (like D'Amato's "The Holocaust") and the second was responsible for one of the worst The films that were produced at all, the game "Troll 2" terrifying by God. In general, this is pathetic for the revolution, but among all the Fulci films I've seen so far, this is definitely the worst, and I've seen the majority of this great director's repertoire. I'm a fan of Folsi, and I'll always be, but this is certainly not his magic moment. It might be fun for the generation, but I recommend watching any other Fulci movie before this!
