I can not stay indifferent to Lars Van Trier films. I consider Breaking the Wave less than a masterpiece. I loved "Dancer at night". I was impressed with the idea of ​​"Dogville" but the overall exercise seemed very dry, playful and less cinematic. "Europa", which I now see only, was a famous film at the time, and in the United States he succeeded in achieving the relative success of a European film and won an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but it did not work well for me. It is also an open and open exercise in the art of cinema according to my taste. <br /> <br /> The story contains a level of mystery that can not escape the viewer. Dealing with the immediate aftermath of World War II is not black and white colors for the victors and the defeated, but the torturers and the victims but at mysterious times when people from both sides were fighting to survive in the wake of a catastrophic event that changed the lives of nations and individuals forever A source of conflict to date, and these novels and courage more than two decades. However, the means of expression do not seem appropriate for the task really. <br /> <br /> The film appears to contain a lot of quotations that come directly from Hitchcock's films, especially his earlier films - Europe, with brave British spies fighting vicious German spies on high-speed trains in the dark continent . Trains were a symbol of the world and its conflicts with all severity and drama. Here, too, the train becomes the symbol of the first glimmer of Germany's rebirth after the war, its ability, its obsession with order and organization, and punctuality and kindness. The characters that fill the train are not far from being good or bad classic spy stories. The main character of a young man of German origin who comes to postwar Europe willing to be part of the process of aid and reconciliation finds himself in a mysterious world of destruction and corruption, where liberals look like repressive occupiers, with the defeated not resigned to their fate but willing to continue on the road Self-destruction, with mixed love without doubt with treason. <br /> <br /> However, it is this classic cinematic treatment that betrays the director in this case. The behavior of the characters, especially Leopold Kessler by Jean-Marc Barr, seems confused and lacks credibility. It seems that overall cinematography is not like Hitchcock; it is a bad imitation of Hitchcock in the late 1930s. The use of color on the black and white film used most of the time in moments of emotional distress is also very manual. This does not mean that Van Trier is not very proficient in his technical skills, but it is too obvious, and he seems to be trying hard to show what a great filmmaker is. It's really cool, it's going to be shown in some of his subsequent films, but viewers will be left alone to decide.
