... but I was expecting better than Caroline Monroe. I've done some good movies, and I hope this is good. In fact, she and the other blond girl (the girl who was electrocuted, I think) were the only 8-11 actors who could work. This film has the worst representation I have ever seen. Almost as bad as "Psychological" (1998). The really stupid part was when the woman was in the bathroom and Marty rigged him to pour acid battery there. It starts screaming, and its screams may be the most disturbing voice in the whole world. Trying out, but "accidentally" dating. I will admit that violence and story are good, along with the music of Harry Manfredini, but acting could have been much better. There were two other people, frank and atmosphere. I do not know about you, but it looks like a strange to akyroyd dyan. Also, when they discover that the woman's body is fried in the bathtub, you may think she will scream and wander. No. Caroline Monroe and blonde women are the only ones that interact. Frank and Joe hardly show signs of fear or disgust. I do not know about you, but I know that if I see a skeletal skeleton of one of my best friends, I'll catch you. Also, when Joe begins to say things like "What happened to Marty was an accident, it was not our fault." He says it like nervous or scared but hardly any facial expressions appear. Then the blond girl begins to cry and says "I'm scared frank!". She grabs Joe. I think the actress really did not know anyone who was. The end of the film is the most confusing thing I have ever seen. More confusing than the peak of "jaw: revenge." All the eight friends have died, Marty kills them all, but then, you see something like him chasing their rotten bodies, and then only the death is still in the hospital of the accident, and then when the film ends, Marty wears a nurse trying to anesthetize him, but then we see that Marty got into her clothes or something like that kills the doctor, and the film ends with Marty's skin flaking off his face. Which leads me to this next question. What was he writing when he came with it?!?!?!?! Do you expect people to understand what happened in hell? The end left me at a loss of my mind. Were the characters still alive? Is Marty still holding a grudge? Are the events we see not yet or not at all? I do not know, I do not know. Overall, this movie was very stupid. The acting sucked, the music was okay, and the story was very decent (except for the end). Basically, this is just one of the average teen trios in the eighties. We see that only for Harry Manfredini and Caroline Monroe. 2/10 <br /> <br /> P.S. - Simon Scudamore (Marty) committed suicide shortly after the film was deliberately screened. I think he was the only person who knew that this film was what it really was. Heap of SH **
