The film opens with Flashback to the Dodsville High School on April Fool's Day. A group of students play a joke on the nerd class Marty. When they are punished for their play he said a joke, they follow with a bigger joke which (equal in the course in slanted films that involve pranks on the obsessed schoolteachers) is ridiculously desperate leaving Marty burnt at one time by fire and deformed by acid to be Inclusive . Fast forward five years, where members of the student body are gathered in abandoned high school now reunited for five years. We discover that it is not by chance that everyone in the reunion belongs to a bunch of tricksters from the flashback scene, as all those present are being hunted and killed by a mysterious assassin dressed in a mask, increasingly complex and having ridiculous costumes in their minds. It does not take Sherlock Holmes to solve the mystery of the murderer's identity, as it turns out that only Marty is suffering from an anger that seems to be using his nerd and high mind to discourage the laws of physics and engineering manipulating the school's revenge scenario. The film takes a turn for the stranger where Marty ends up avenging his ex-torturers, but their ghosts chase them. Finally, Marty was pushed to the edge and took his life. Finally, the film explodes at the height of disjointed strangeness, where the whole revenge scenario is revealed as a dream in the first place. Marty wakes up in the hospital bed, is released from his chains, stabs a nurse, and finally deforms the face. <br /> <br /> The script is tired and suffers from a final case of the logic of horror movies. The only originality comes from the twisted paths of the mind to which victims are sent. The ridiculous ending that was just a dream seemed to be handled. It seems as though someone has explained the disjointed nature of the film and the writer decided it and there and it was a dream. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is terrible. Some scenes were filmed so dark that I had to pause the movie and play color on the TV. Acting is substandard, even for bright films. I can only think that the casting process was part of the problem because all actors look at at least five years of characters they portray, making the flashback look more than unintentionally laughable. Their lack of commitment to the film is evident because half of them can not be bothered to keep their dialects directly during the film. <br /> <br /> All of this is said, if you love bad horror movies, you may like this one as well. It's not the worst film of this kind, but it's far from the best.
