What about the Dominoes that I hated about everything, I mean everything else? Perhaps it was a total glorification of being a hunter; sexuality might have been disguised as an interesting and exciting study of a leading physical figure; perhaps it was just the appearance of the film with a strange yellow glow and distorted blue tints or the manner in which an actress like Lucy Lowe took it. Who deserves much better than this junk; sitting them in one place in the room the light can not directly hit the same stupid look on her face. Maybe it's editing. This terrible rapid editing and the way the lines of dialogue are echoed by people like Kiera Knightly who, if you buy a reward hunter, you will probably be able to fool yourself into believing that the world will end in 2012. <br /> <br /> Nobody Domino comes with no credibility of any kind, and no one at all. It is a painful and misleading experience, inspired by things like Natural Born Killers and leaving loose ideas to the public, not even for them. The main question is: "Was Dominino supposed to be a kind of comedy?" What about her bad-tempered leadership in pronouncing some lines she desperately wants us to think she's encountered as "tough," but she's really like a 15-year-old arrogant girl on her first day at public school trying to convince her peers. There are things you really do not know how to answer, whether it's supposed to be funny or not. If it's supposed to be a comedy, this begs the question: "Is the life of the prize hunter really the kind that deserves to be used for laughter?" I do not think so. <br /> <br /> The movie opens with the title card "Based on a real story ........ something." If this is supposed to be some sort of postmodern technique that enables director Tony Scott to bend and tackle the story of Domino Harvey for his unique purpose, you are simply on another planet. The fact is that the film in the single opening quote sets the subject and the original text before it goes out completely and says "kind of" I think they should be able to make Domino older than the show should appear on Jerry Springer. After that, we learned of Domino's relationship with her father who died in the film when she was ten years old or something; here is the first use of the "kind of" policeman as in real life she was four years old. But if the film ends in reality, its engine will not be fully generated after the death of ........ its goldfish. <br /> <br /> Then we move on to work with Ed Musby (Rourke); Domino (Knightley) is the same as Choco (Ramirez). During the scene, an American mother was shot in the caravan of her house at the back end of nowhere calling for the life of her son. What a really mischievous opening; to make the three threads as bad people storm into the trailers and shoot the innocents we know nothing about and get close to shooting at their pet dogs. <br /> <br /> The direct feeling is hatred toward the three leads, feeling "no, why do this? Why does this happen?" The film is painful to see, so painful, because these three make their way through a whole piece with support from famous actors playing characters in Beverly Hills 90210. Here's another tendency for postmodernism, where it plays The people themselves have that Joker card that is played again.Even Christopher Wynn emerges from a really stupid role outperforming the character of Robert Bonnie Jr. in the film Natural Born Killers. <br /> <br /> So, as the film mounts and the Domino movie spreads in the Ed band And Choco, just because of its beautiful appearance I can add, seems to be in the middle of the plot related to the signing of fake names to record the The problem is that every artist does a bad job in his character; there is no chemistry and no feeling between the two, the film is not a love story, so why bother to go this way in the first place? If there is any "feeling" between Choco and Domino, it is on a very small and small scale and you have to ask why it is included. <br /> <br /> So the The film feels the need to forearm things up the wise narrative. We discover why a fake identity card is attached to someone else and someone is talking on a mobile phone in a protective bubble. I can believe the bubble of sound proof, but how to put his phone underwater and in the bubble in the first place without being overwhelmed by water? Must be swam really fast? Double the speed of the movie, which means something in the area of ​​.01 of the second. for sure. The story of the film becomes very complex and completely arbitrary before resorting to its stupid climax in which more things erupt. In addition, there is a disgusting scene about a wall plan full of new races and a movie comedy movie is completely dry, and he has to resort to "Jerry, Jerry!" Chanting while people are in a popular American talk show. When did she last laugh at "Jerry! Jerry!"? When, for example, were seven years of age? I felt sad and depressed about the existence of such a film.
