Tony Scott has never been a good director, but every film he creates after "The Crimson Tide" seems to bring him one step closer to being the worst work of the day (Michael Bay may be in the same category, but at least his big film, Entertaining and enjoying some harmful levels in the first place). Like other exaggerated Hollywood biographies (De Lovelle and Confessions of the Dangerous Mind, for example) chronicles the life of stray, overstated or shallow zeros given to an aura of "magic" by a society thriving on dramatic details Behind the scenes, "Domino" is a film that starts with a minimal probability, and runs off infinitely before the 60 minute mark. Because of the 128-minute extended duration, the film feels like time, and spends time with the obnoxious surface characters (unlike the super-rules of attraction), Scott tries to muddle the proceedings with a funny domino, the voice of the very rich girl Attention only to the ignorant film hammer in the film) becomes an action that can only be found by Masochists. the story? Domino Harvey (Kyle Knightley) Babe (Keira Knightley), in a ersatz-badass view in the shape of a shallow as she looks wonderful) is fed up with the shallow lifestyles of the rich and famous in Los Angeles. She excels at the award-winning hunters Mickey Rourke and Edgar Ramirez . Along the way, there are double intersections, shooting, media attention (courtesy of Christopher Walken, speaking in his own brand goods), and laughable hints in romance. Scott brings the film together in segments that rarely last for more than a few seconds, improving the resolution to make the film a new, unsettled nightmare to watch - if Scott is given a chance to craft a shaky picture, a ghost or a distortion in some way. The burden of excess style on the way the film tells, characterizes, and suspends (does not mean anything because of its value, ehm, "entertainment"). Most characters come either as contempt or stereotyping, often (note the unbearable part, which takes several minutes as an African American presents a new list of racist labels on Jerry Springer), and I found myself wishing they all had "tails "The end of our protagonist's ultimate currency. Domino is an absolute and unintentional garbage basket - no matter how interested Scott was in inspiring his audience, he was lost in a sea of ​​neon-migraine claims in a few minutes.
