I do not know if these movie issues are an output or script error. As you'll see in many reviews, the editorial style is exaggerated. It is very distracted and without content, which can be considered a good thing if you look at some of the film's excerpts. I do not write many reviews here, but I felt that this movie was so awful that it was worth commenting. Films like this are eroded in filmmaking as a technical model. Films like this show more and more clearly that the focus of current reality in the cinema reveals the quality of the characters behind them. People hone there a craft, there are 5 senses, and there is a commercial feeling - overlooking the inner inner life. However, I do not blame them, it is an increasingly unfortunate situation in this age - qualified for films like this. But by proxy these manufacturers, I dare not contact artists who vomit because of lack of internal life or interest in the screen - to spread to everyone. A story of hunters, gun guns and more guns, showing off heavy weapons - for the very famous actress (did they write the dance scene on the lap after they signed it?), Over saturated, exaggerated, liner liners. Everything is different and after all the same. Awesome music overwhelming to push the emotion down your throat. a story? Evolution of personality? Or only missing information, which was finally detected to create * the effect * of the story - as if it had occurred. It lacks absolutely anything remotely resembling accuracy. It is a caricature of stereotypes and gender. Where are the movies with awareness? What about the accuracy of sound and music that you do not know yet? What about the depth of a look? What about editing point of mind and consciousness? Yes even in Motion Movies this can happen. Sure, they honed an airplane; but what is the benefit without spirit or wisdom? From an insight into the human condition? Can people who have commented and said that this is the height of art, or compare this with Picasso and others - say I put this next to Gandhi or Godfather, even the original trilogy of Star Wars or the Lord of the Rings. Then see me in the face and say it again. It's a good crew, but they need some help in depth and story. I hope they get it because I love the previous crews. More luck next time.
