This was another obscure Christmas-related title, a low-budget Mexican production of Cardona's film production (NIGHT OF THE BLOODY APES [1969], TINTORERA! [1977]), which? Much like the kind effort of this country? Obtained for publication in the United States by K. Gordon Murray. Judging by these two efforts, Cardona was not insightful? This one after having already received their share of flak here, definitely not the best! The film, in fact, brings to mind the strangeness of Mexican horror since that era, but gave an extra dimension by the dull color (which, given the rise of Reds - apart from St. Nick himself), Satan plays a major role in the proceedings ?? All the time, was necessary). In any case, in short, the plot involves the devil's efforts to stop Santa Claus's birthday with the children of the earth; however, there is more mystery along the way: First of all, our white and white people live in a celestial palace, Consider accompanying children's toy makers from around the world. His pianos are singing (effortlessly for the whole first reel!) In their native language, visiting Merlin? The famous magician at King Arthur's court, puzzled here but seductively seductive in mobility like mumbling and punching! ?? Once every year to acquire doses that will bring blessing to the youth and make himself invisible (by the way, the presence of an old magician here is no less likely than being a group of Dr. Frankenstein in SON OF Dracula [1974] !!). By the way, by this time, it seems he has always gained some extra weight? So Santa must work in order to be able to contain in every fairy chimney! The stranger from the devil (rubbing his hands enthusiastically at every turn and generally blocking it) to stop the delivery program on St. Nick's Street, then, is perfectly perfect: in fact, the rogue geniuses of our old routine resemble Laurel and Hardy more than anything else! To get rid of run-time, we focus on three groups of children: one, the only son of a wealthy couple who want nothing more for Christmas than their company (which is expected to be a fantasy to achieve desire where the boy finds his parents wrapped up in very big packs!), A poor family who longs to have a doll of her own (the girl who has been seduced by her first to steal one, then invades the dreams of the little child to no avail) and three of the sausages, which the devil does not envy again, thinking of nothing but causing harm and finally falling among them . There is certainly a fantasy of working here, but it is applied with little rhyme or mind, while a holistic approach to events keeps entertainment (unless a person considers the movie as a guilty pleasure) well in the Gulf!
