This Santa movie begins strangely and I think Santa Claus may be a game. Instead of the usual dwarf game makers, Santa seems to have kidnapped children from around the world and made them sing like characters from "It's a small world"! I think there are no child labor laws on the alien star plane that lives on it (it seems to be neither the Arctic nor the Earth) !! None of these children seem very happy and I wanted to see the commandos storm and rescue tykes, although I think for some third world children, these working conditions may have been an improvement on local workers' factories. I hope all they do is sing and make games. <br /> <br /> After that, the scene suddenly changes to hell, where a lot of demons dance as if they were in the Busby Berkeley musical. This longing is stopped by Satan who orders one of them, the playground, to go to earth to destroy Christmas !! Personally, I think this movie did it already! The devil and his bowl are actually kind of silly things like Hot Stuff from Harvey Comics but with a wicked wicked villain! Or, if you are Puerto Rico, like a vejigante mask with a goat! <br /> <br /> In a way, the poor Mexican child named Lobita is a group of reckless children who want to prepare Santa and some wealthy children, the main battlegrounds of Satan and Santa! So, if the Prince of Darkness (not Donald Trump, the other Dark Prince) can somehow steal it and become bad, he will "win" - what, we do not really know! In fact, while rooting for it, it leaves the impression that filmmakers intend to be Santa - Jesus - because he has all these great powers and fights Satan for the lives of children! Later, Santa meets with his friend, Merlin. He is asked to make it a special powder that makes people dream of beautiful dreams. Considering how much Santa laughed at the movie (like squirrel dough), I think this drug should be used a lot! Go immediately to see Smith make him a magic key that opens all the doors. Since he keeps the children "assistants" to him, this magical thing worries me a lot! While riding Christmas Eve in Santa, you see Lobita acting like a small angel - one problem down. After that, Santa takes some time to take care of the rich child whose parents consider selfish tremors. It gives them a kind of crazy cocktail that solves their problems magically - solving two problems. This is a rare case where alcohol / drugs help children solve problems! As for the young criminals, he gives them a fever! Frightened by his losses to Santa, Pitch tries to steal the sleigh (which is pulled by the moving mobile deer). When this fails, Santa B's treasure destroys the Magic Powder! As a result, Santa can become invisible to avoid dogs and get treed. Uh, oh ... How can Santa take a route to the Betty Ford clinic if he's stuck in a tree ?! Will St. Nick descend from the tree and the monkey will emerge from his back or will the demons triumph? If you care, tune in and see. However, be warned that the movie is crazy crap bat! <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is strange. While it's in color, it's really flashy. The music is mostly played on a device - which, along with the bad singing of children, may produce the worst soundtrack I have heard about in modern memory. The story is just not very understandable, very, very creepy. Devils and Santa who kidnaps children is just plain creeping. It's a movie you should never show to children, but it makes a great movie to watch with friends so you can laugh from start to finish!
