Whether you're watching the normal version of this monster or the MST3K version, you can only admire the absolute GALL that entered this production. Directors insult the viewer's intelligence from side to side and obviously do not care what they do. <br /> <br /> Everything on this subject is very cheap. Even the 1950s car in the flashback sequence to that era looks as if it had been moved from a random house. <br /> <br /> The "camel buoys" are, as you know, "verified" with poorly produced handmade dolls stuffed toys; when a person is supposed to be attacked by them, it is clear that the game is held by the victim to his body. When the creatures go away from the security guards, this is shown (or rather, not displayed) by the camera targeting the UP guards as they look down and run their heads as if they were watching buoys of hobgobins moving fast. It reminds us of the scene in "Tangents" where two people stand on the ruins of the future world, surveying debris, and showing nothing of it. Budget constraints blended with absolute inefficiency generally mean that you will not have anything worth appearing, so why try? "Groups" were quite funny. "Scum Club" dinner was clear. The house seems to have been a vacant house - possibly for rent or sale - which the production company got for an hour or two to do the shooting. "Spacecraft" is something I was ashamed to build when I was 10 years of modeling. <br /> <br /> The motivations of the characters are meaningless - Kevin feels faint because of his worthless rush from a friend because he did not make her "proud of him". I'm sure this was meant to reconcile your hands and touch in the end, but anyone who has real respect for himself would have been asked to go to hell and leave her. Nick is supposed to be back after two months of training the army (yes, a nice hair story, Nick), and he seems determined to prove that our country is being defended by sadistic and morbid sex-obsessed animals. Kyle is strange about phone sex in red shorts dreaming of a night-type dominatrix wearing a spandex, but he is so exhilarated that he is more likely to be gay than others. One of the girls is proud and the other is corrupt. <br /> <br /> The Hopglins? Eventually they all return to a cellar where they have lived for 30 years. why? Who do you know? who cares? Watch this movie and be amazed at how primitive filmmaking can be in our modern era when you have an idiot scenario, an incompetent trend and very bad actors who will be rejected from theatrical production in high school and collections worthy of Edward D. Wood Jr.
