"House Of Evil" also known as "Dance Of Death" in 1968 is the first four films notorious and strange from the championship of Boris Karloff great and directed by Jack Hill and Juan Ibanez. Unlike "Snake People" (1971), The Incredible Invasion (1971) and The Fear Chamber (1972), all released after Karloff's death in 1969, House Of Evil was launched in 1968, When Karloff was still alive. Many consider "House Of Evil" to be the worst of these four films, which are undoubtedly somewhat crazy, but certainly have entertainment value like unintended comedy movies. I personally prefer "The Fear Chamber" and "House Of Evil" to others, simply because the lack of logic is more extreme, and because there is no suspense at all in any of the films, the absence of logic increases the pleasure factor Is intended. <br /> <br /> The individual story (I do not know if I can really call it "plot") is located somewhere in Europe in the 19th century. After killing some girls and finding their eyes, Mathias Mortifal (Karlov), an enthusiastic member of the club, calls on his few remaining relatives to his strange palace full of exotic games. Among his relatives is Lucy Durrant (Golisa), who works with a police inspector investigating the murders. <br /> <br /> I will not give up more of the story, but I can assure you that it is very well strange throughout the film. There are some funny moments, especially some things that Karloff says. Boris Karloff was undoubtedly one of the most remarkable and most important characters in this kind of horror he ever lived. He was able to give this strange film with little of its grandeur, and despite (or because of) its role (due to a poor script and direction) Shocking in any way, he seems to be deliberately playing with humor. Just as in the successors of "Snake People" and "The Fear Chamber", Julissa played the lead again. <br /> <br /> Most of the supporting shows are very amusing, the filming is very bad and the sites and scenes are scorned. The story line lacks a little logic and dialogue often does not make any sense. However, it is the story and the poor dialogue that make this movie fun to watch. "House Of Evil" may be a very crazy attempt to film, but it is certainly (inadvertently) as funny as it is bad. Fans of Ed Wood films should be very amused, and I personally found it hilarious. The crappy but amusing however, is definitely worth seeing because there is Boris Karloff in it and because of the pleasure factor. 10/03
