I had some time to kill before watching football, so I saw this film being shown on the Sci-Fi channel, and literally after seeing it, I thought I had faced my story about walking in the death march in Bataan while my conscience was being beaten by the awful film that broke off from the mummy series Jurassic Park. It was so bad that I thought the opening credits were the highlight of the film, and then it entered into a magic dispute to the extent that it made the recent decline in the stock market look like a hiccup. The acting was so bad that I hoped all of them would be buried in the end. Casper Van Dien's progress made me feel like Steven Seagal's high performance in "On the Deadly Earth" where his line was so wooden that Woody Woodpecker was thinking of making a small veil to sit on his shoulder. I also noticed that his emotional range was so limited that I was under the impression that my cat was more expressive when ordering popcorn to eat. The trend was so bad I looked back to the story of a third-rate play by my nephew, which was faster and better, and the fact that this film seems to be divided together from subsequent ideas about the privilege of the above-mentioned film, and can not even be thought of as a greeting. The FX of the film was so bad that I thought the director and the producers were very friendly by recycling cheap special effects from the horror films of class Z of yesterday. What Robert Wagner, Tom Bosley and Jeffrey Lewis did in these films is something outside me, and they should look into lawsuits against their clients for distortion in order to involve them in such a film. My warning to someone is to watch this movie at your own risk because this movie may cause your IQ to decrease with prolonged viewing. In a side note, I noticed in the IMDb that sometimes the salaries of films are posted, I was wondering if this is how representatives should pay salaries for their bad performance in these films. Be careful and be safe to avoid it at all costs.
