The Fallen Ones begins with the archaeologist Casper Van Dien in the desert to discover the stuffed remains of a 42-foot giant, and now there's something you do not see every day. Matt works for the real estate developer Morton (Robert Wagner) who wants to build a holiday resort on the ground and calls fellow archaeologist Angela (Kristen Miller) for reasons I'm not sure about. However, both try to discover what happened when one of the two teams is missing, and Morton summons security man Ammon (Navid Nijahban) to deal with the situation. In the meantime, Rabbi Eli Schmitt (the old translator Tom Bosley) translates some old texts (as he wants), and is shocked to learn that there is an evil prophecy in which these giants are taking over the world for "Fallen", or something like that. It's up to Matt to save the day and the entire planet ... <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Kevin VanHueck, who had a small role in the film as an old warrior leader at first, I personally thought the people who fell were a terrible film, Quite straightforward. There are a lot of bad things about The Fallen Ones either on the technical or conceptual level, the script is completely meaningless and will not actually last until the last 20 odd minutes at that time you've almost lost the will to live. The character is appalling and vulgar, and the dialogue is as bad as the very bad, and the entire film is predictable, I mean it would not be a surprise that Kasper van den will save it today is it? It is not a big surprise that the embalmed giant will return to life either so why wait for more than an hour in the film when most of the audience is in a coma. This is bad, very bad. You have been warned. <br /> <br /> Director VanHook is not impressive, the scenes of fighting are so terrible and why do you wear your evil clothes in a terrible shade of purple? Looks like NAF. To give her little credit, the special effects on the giant mummy itself are really good, although there are not many of them because it does not appear for more than an hour. There are also some natural mummies that seem to come directly from The Mummy (1999) ), Unfortunately, do not use these things for any significant impact and actually wasted as a comic relief. The mechanical mummy was a fairly good idea but it looked silly and there was no way on earth so everyone in it could work in conjunction with each other to operate it. In fact, the more ridiculous it was. Forget any fear, tension or atmosphere and do not think of any fuss or violence because there is nothing. <br /> <br /> Technically, The Fallen Ones does not consider anything special apart from the impressive giant mummy effects there are little to get excited about. CGI ghost and water effects are awesome, I've made specially for the TV and its shows. Acting was weak, Wagner seems awkward, and perhaps this is the only thing that the likes of Diane and Boseley can get these days. <br /> <br /> The Fallen Ones is a bad movie, and there are no two ways to it as I am concerned. Not recommended on any level or in any way, one to avoid.
