The tragedy of the failed Titanic has inspired many books and films. The battle between nature and technology has always caught the human imagination. The latest film about the tragedy in the Atlantic was written and directed by the famous film director James Cameron. The Titanic includes two fictional characters (Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet) from different backgrounds (one a hobo artist and the other an aristocrat) and how their love triumphs over social barriers and the tragedy of a sunken ship has been turned on. <br /> <br /> First of all, despite the use of the historical name, this film has had little interest in history. The plot was built around fanciful lovers, French diamonds, and treasure hunters. The death of more than a thousand people on board the largest luxury ship in time just a background. Many historical facts have been forgotten. Where was the radio operator that ignored the iceberg warnings? Why did not mention the ship, which was only 5 miles from the Titanic but failed to save because its commander failed to identify the distress signal? Deleting these facts is an affront to the tragedy. What was the purpose of the flavor of this historic disaster with fantasy romance when the story was already sad as it is. <br /> <br /> The whole plot is shallow; the rich are equal to greed and corruption, and poverty equals mercy and heroism. It is ironic that we spend $ 200 million to make a film about how money is spoiled. There was no human aspect that appeared in antagonism. It looked like Billy Zane was playing the devil. The molding was also very bad. If DiCaprio is shorter than Winslet by two inches, she may swear that she is his babysitter. The length of the film was unnecessarily extended for more than 3 hours. The first hour and a half were lost in establishing relations between the characters who were known to the public long before they went to the stage and the dialogue used to do so made it worse. Hearing a horny pick up lines like "see you" and "this side of the ship" generates greater pain than the screams of the sunken people. Also, the jokes were very abundant and lame. <br /> <br /> "Titanic" included some animated scenes, such as the part where the musicians played while the ship sank but were not close to anything original. The best thing about this film is its own effects, and this is the only thing that really deserves an award. <br /> <br /> Although this film lacked technical value in the general sense, the audience was unable to resist an emotional story from Romeo (DiCaprio), and thus the film became successful. It is now safe to say that the industry will be less reluctant to invest large amounts of money in a single picture, so it seems that "Titanic" achieved something after all.
