The Elephant Walk was a very boring film, and I was really very happy when a flock of elephants stormed through the palace and ended the film. Given the money and the actors, you certainly expect the film to be a lot better, although I also wonder about the strangeness of Dana Andrews portraying a man who loves Elizabeth Taylor. It's not just age difference but I can not see the couple as a couple. Perhaps this is because Miss Taylor replaced Ms. Vivian Lee at the last minute (because of Miss Lee's mental state) - although I also have trouble imagining Andrews and Leigh as well. In addition, for an English woman, Miss Taylor does not seem to be trying to use tone. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Peter Finch, Taylor and marriage in England. Their plan is to go back to the Vinh tea farm in Ceylon (Sri Lanka) and at first it seems to be a good life. However, there are no women talking to them and the family seems to hate her. Moreover, when Finch returns home, Finch behaves like a miserable jerk and a miserable Taylor. Andrew can see this and declare his unlimited passion for it. However, Taylor is not yet ready to give up her marriage. But during the film, Finch Liz is treated more and more as an object, and finally she is ready to leave ... when she hits the cholera farm. So, it's up to Andrews, Finch and Taylor to work together to save the day - although at this point I do not really care, since there's no chemistry at all between the characters, the dialog is too boring and you can not understand why Taylor did not leave her smiling husband in Days of her arrival in this hospitable hell. <br /> <br /> The film is not attractive or compelling, and despite the decent budget of the Paramount, the film is in a slow mess. I was particularly surprised that although the film seemed to have been filmed on site, many of the scenes were clearly filmed in the studio with a background (granular) that was not well integrated. In one scene, for example, Taylor and Finch sit a lot on the porch and the green grass is shining. Then, when the image is cut off to people who dance directly in front of them, the grass becomes brown! It is obvious that they are in fact not in Ceylon in this scene or scene with the giant reclining Buddha. My advice is skip this one or at least keep as much coffee near you to wake you up. Despite his budget, he is not a good film or very inspired. <br /> <br /> By the way, was Miss Taylor pregnant during part of this film? In some scenes (especially in the beginning), she wears bulging clothes and a double chin and looks swollen. This is not criticism - after all, women become pregnant! But if you look carefully, you'll see what I mean. <br /> <br /> By the way, the basic scheme in many ways looks like a giant - the Taylor movie is really wonderful! It's amazing how casting and decent direction can cause a lot.
