There were some funny movies about spirits coming out of Hollywood. Carrie Grant was an angel in the "wife of the bishop" (1947). Of course, the best films were Tup in the late 1940s. More recently, entitled "Heaven Can Wait" by Warren Beatty (1978), which was a new version of 1941 "Here comes Mr. Jordan." It was a well-written, funny and entertaining comedy, all centered around supernatural creatures like ghosts and angels. <br /> <br /> Writer and director Jeff Lowell, filming his first appearance with the story of an unwanted film, now comes up with a disturbing young woman, Kate (Eva Longoria Parker), who is killed on her wedding day and then back to harass the emerging spirituality, Ashley ( Lake Bill) located in the preacher of Kate, Henry (Paul Rudd). One thing is clear at first: Longoria Barker is not Constance Bennett (Marion Kirby's first two "excellent" films), a standard that is measured by all female ghosts. <br /> <br /> True line At first when I told Henry's sister, Henry Chloe (Lindsay Sloan), "You are not smiling". This position was appropriately described during this film. <br /> <br /> The main problem in the film is that the script is not very funny. But it's getting worse because of the presence of Longoria Parker who rubbed me the wrong way every time she appeared on the screen. Just to begin, doubling its lack of comedy talent, they are covered with a lot of make-up pies, who knows how to really look? Kill Kate during the preparation for her wedding by falling a frozen statue. It is so unreasonable that the angel who guides her about her next life revolves around her (well, she is already fading), so Kate finds herself on the ground like a ghost without knowing what her mission is. <br /> <br /> Henry's chloe wants to settle down from the funk he naturally descended from after Kate's death (which I saw in Kate, she should have been very comfortable), so she gives it to Ashley, whom she does not really know. " She knows what she is doing as a spiritual (and also a means to meet their needs), to see if she can get Henry back to communicate with Kate. Ashley's assistant, Dan (Jason Biggs) This is put near the end, but the way she deals with Ashley indicates that she is a fool like Kate. Since Dan seems to be attracted to each of these women In the end, Kate is shown for Ashley and must start having fun.No, and more unfortunate because in other hands this may be very funny.As it is, Norman should Z. McLeod, Constance Bennett, Roland Young, Alan Mowbray, and Co would turn into their graves to see that was what inspired them in their first two "excellent" films.
