After the arrest of the man responsible for the murder of his boss, Sheriff Thomas Jefferson Geronimo, the third, was assigned the task of returning the murderer to Italy. On the way, however, the plane is converted to Malta. Shortly after landing, the killer escapes. Now, with a little help from the Maltese police, Rep. Sheriff Geronimo is recovering a murderer. But will the "fire first, take names later" label from Texas Justice work in a foreign country? <br /> <br /> Let me put this out in the foreground, I've seen the final justice with or without comment 3000 Mystery Science Theater. I saw the scenes that were cut and that helped make the film more coherent. I've seen the clone TV version that was used for MST3K. Having said that, I have to admit that I prefer the MST3K version. why? Because Final Justice is a lousy film. The MST3K suspension helps make it more acceptable. On his own, it is a real snooze of an action film with a vulgar dialogue (often presented with thick Italian accents that can not be understood), bad behavior, a weak direction, giant plot loopholes, and most of the other things you will find in a bad film. If most Final Justice is not "too bad, it's good", it will be a very boring film on everything else. So, yes, I enjoy the often ridiculous MST3K comments on the bad movie on its own. <br /> <br /> My main points are sticking with the MST3K suspension and with most of the reviews I read on Final Justice, however, Jo criticized Don Becker. Key weaknesses in Baker's performance have nothing to do with the size or options of his wardrobe or any other jokes in his direction. Instead, I think a lot of that is related to the bad decision of directing it in the foreground in the first place. Joe Don Becker has always shocked me as a decent enough actor, but he is not the kind I can call "the hero of the movement" in any form of fantasy. It is more than just an explicit endorsement because it has shown strong performances in a few James Bond movies. Or if you really want to blame someone for Final Justice problems, point your finger at the director Graydon Clark. Sir Clark can not begin to compare with Baker. So I say, "dispense with Joe Don Becker!"
