witty. Quirky. real. honest. core. Surrealism. Butterfly wings? One can ask for all these words that best describe them, and some (those who merge with the international film community) may quickly say about Happenstance, but others may jump on the American train more and yell at once, the butterfly effect. Strangely, being one of those who scream in the science fiction film Kutcher this is mainly because none of these words I initially mentioned at the beginning of this paragraph accurately depicts the Tutu feature I saw. Of course, we loved her all at Emily and thought she was the daughter of Jesus in the Da Vinci Code, but in this film for the first time director (for a feature film at least) Laurent Verude does not give Toto the opportunity to shine. Unfortunately, no one is given the opportunity to prove himself really because he is so besieged in moments of "random chance" to bring this film to anything but just a flash (never boils). Firode has a lot, and I use the word "ample" as a small word, moments during this film where he could have constructed a fictional story, an eccentric fantasy story about love and chance, but instead fell straight into the mud. - a group of anarchic tangles that overwhelmed us with inconsistent characters and a story that left us panting less. <br /> <br /> Tutu's beautiful face adorns the lid of this box, but is not taken immediately as she did on the assumption that this would be another huge trip in French cinema Tutu. Tutu in this film, do not get me wrong, but one can argue that she is not at the heart of this story. Firode's function is to create a series of random events that will eventually lead to a friendly (though confusing) end to the audience that embodies this refreshing "melodrama" sense. He completely, and completely failed. Firode failed by giving us, the audience, many characters. With too many characters, it gives us many random interventions, and in the end you do not really care who, who or who it is or how it is done; your main focus is to focus only on the final balances and the arrival time. Tutu could have saved the film from the disaster, if only Verod would have provided it. Unfortunately, he did not, but he apparently tried to force a group of 12 people through a theoretical film hole around the size of one fils. It did not work out quite well and we left with a jam in a place where we were completely stuck. <br /> <br /> Firode's failure is because he focuses "strongly" on the simple details that, in relation to one of those rare events in the film, he actually forgets the central focus. I can say that there was no specific central focus on Happenstance. At first, try to create one with two basic characters who discover they share the same Christmas and build your love tower in the moonlight, but we do not go back to that throughout the movie. Instead, again, we are bombarded with new characters and deeply rooted scenes. It is clear that the meaningless leadership has been chosen to guide us away from a real story and more into a world full of "forums and oddities". I could not do that. I could not believe this film. Verod (yes, the same man who runs the trash) uses a very primitive technique in this film so much that I immediately felt it ended immediately. It must have been assumed that many of us were unable to follow the story of the story (or the scientific hypothesis) because it was taking the help of a homeless person to fill the gaps already involved. I did not need that, and I do not think Verod needed to underestimate his audience. While there were other elements that did not seem to work for me at all (again, I felt like a mixed Parisian poster of torn paper), this was the powder on the cake. I do not need to carry my hands through the movies. <br /> <br /> I will give this movie one star to get credit. This is a somewhat difficult type to master successfully. Travel movies over time are very difficult because of the huge amounts of possibilities that are not counted at all, but with Happenstance this works because Firode explores different ways. Although I will say he does not do it well, he did not enjoy at least five full minutes. I loved the place where Firode headed this film, he had a story honestly filmed, but the final execution spoiled this film to bits. Firode could have saved this film if he had enhanced his characters, while relaxing his hypothesis and story. I think the general mood of this film would have changed had these two simple trends been taken. Oh, how I wish I could travel back to the production of this film to show Firode errors his ways. <br /> <br /> In general, for the first (and perhaps last) time, this was a movie tutu which I must say was quite disappointed to me. From the intermittent opening to the indifferent end, I felt that Happenstance failed because of Firode's leadership and horrible marketing. Marketing is something I did not mention before, but why anyone buys this movie thought it was Amelie 2 (for every title released in Hong Kong) and why Tautou puts it directly on the cover knowing perfectly well that she was not carrying this film at all. I think that from the very first moment that passed on my DVD player, this movie was in a mess. As I revived his subject, everything else was far below the level of mediocrity. I can not suggest this movie to anyone. <br /> <br /> Row: * From *****
