I'm a fan of the violent exploitation film, which will never attack a movie because it is violent or disturbing. I consider "Burning Cannibals" a masterpiece and I will always defend controversial films such as "Women's Day" or "Last House on the Left" as real classic films. Anyone who browses through my other user comments will notice that I am actually very pro-violent when it comes to movies. However, I think there should be at least some point of violence. This piece of waste does not contain any point at all. The first film in the notorious "Guinea Pig" series, "The Devil's Experience" (1985) is widely controversial, but unlike many other controversial films, this stink has nothing at all recommended. I must say that, before seeing any of Guniea-Pig's films, I had the feeling that I hated this film and I knew what was going on around it. Because of her status as one of the most controversial films around her, I decided to see her. I'm very happy because I did not waste any money on this pile of rubbish, and I certainly wish I had not wasted my time with her too. <br /> <br /> The story of this thing (I do not even want to call it "movie"): It does not have one. Three of the scum torturing a woman to death to each other 40 minutes. This is. There is no artistic value, no "shocking" story, no suspense; nothing. Simply not believing that a film that shows anything but a woman being tortured for no reason has a tremendous culture. It's disturbing, and I give it to her. Of course, it is disturbing to watch a torture video for 40 minutes. But the most worrying thing is the fact that many people actually look at this trash pile as a kind of masterpiece. I really can not figure out why. The fact that the effects of unfairness seem realistic can not be the reason, I hope. The girl who plays the victim is not very well represented, and reacts very calmly with all the torture. This makes the film seem less realistic, which, in this individual case, is a good thing. This is a movie that is disgusting. Not because of its burden, but because of its frequency, its existence for the sole purpose is to show 40 minutes of torture. <br /> <br /> I strongly oppose any form of censorship. Since this is 100% fake and no one was hurt while it was being produced, it is a project to produce such a film. However, I can not think of one reason anyone would like to do so, other than wanting to see sickness and enjoy torture. The sequel of "Blood and Blood Flowers" gained a bad reputation when actor Charlie Sheen made a mistake in filming a real sniff film and told the FBI. Fortunately, it turned out that the film was fake. In general, "The Devil's Experiment" is a fake film of torture / sniffing and seems to be the sole purpose of searching for the nearest real-life film. <br /> <br /> "The Devil's Experiment" is one of the worst movies I have ever had in my bad luck sitting. Do not torment yourself by giving this piece of crap an attempt to make it controversial. Do yourself a favor and avoid it. Zero stars out of 10, I hope there will be a negative range in order to evaluate this pile of nonsense appropriately.
