For the first time in David Mamet's film, it has been widely acclaimed as a real thinker, a film that makes you question everyone and everything. I saw him for the first time recently and I could not understand what was supposed to be wonderful about him. <br /> <br /> The film revolves around a psychologist named Margaret, who is also the best-selling author. Margaret became disappointed by her career and her inability to really help anyone. She tries to correct this by helping to settle the gambling debts of her patient on a shark named Mike (played by Joe Mantegna, the only reason to watch this film). She discovers that Mike is actually a professional confidence man when she is almost a victim of a scam that she pulls away when she meets her. She is fascinated by her vision and asks him to explain to her how the artists of the subscriptions work (she intends to use this as a book for a new psychology book). And then fall for him and accompany him in a long deception created by he and his colleagues. <br /> <br /> I do not feel like going into the details, but at the end of the film, it turned out that the entire film was a fine trick by Mike and his followers to deceive Margaret out of $ 80,000. <br /> <br /> First of all, the great shift towards the end was very predictable. Any scene where he was deceiving men was very evident through theatrical acting and reading of the strange line. Not only that, but the public (and the main character) know they are dealing with fraudsters. Is this really a big surprise when we discovered that Margaret had fooled herself? Besides, Margaret is supposed to be a clever psychologist who has experience reading people, yet she allows herself to be very easily deceived - and she is fully aware that Mike is a professional artist. Second, it led us to believe that Margaret was deceived from the beginning, but until the lies finally worked, she had to do many things that the fraudulent men could not have foreseen. First, she had to decide to help settle her debt for the patient, allowing her to meet the fraudsters in the first place. If you have not done this, the whole tricks will fail. I would just say that it is unreasonable to assume that a psychologist will take upon himself to settle the debts of a gambling patient. Not only that, but what are the possibilities that crooks will face in the right place on the same night when they decide to appear? Have they simply appeared at this bar every night, hoping to come and see them? The other thing that had to happen and which was not predictable was that Margaret had to go back to see Mike again and ask him to teach her the tricks of his business. What are the chances of this happening? However, the whole deception depends on this hypothesis. <br /> <br /> My other problem is the end. Margaret discovers she is deceived and decides to take revenge on Mike. At first, Mamet leads us to believe that she will be fooled, but this is the case, so the final end is the launch of Mike in the airport luggage area. In one way or another I felt like a clumsy and incompetent way to end a film about artists who were not just in business, but did not recover the money that he stole from it. <br /> <br /> In the end, the film makes you feel empty and unfulfilled. If I expect, like me, that early Margaret will be deceived, you will find this revelation quite unsatisfactory.
