When I read the film's summary, something like what happens when a man gets powers from God, and how he later learns that possessing supernatural powers requires responsibility and a giant power, although that was a smart and original concept. The film was very promising Casting, Carrie, Freeman, Anniston ... How can the film with a good idea and good actors, not to mention the cost of photography, bad? Can. The idea is good, but the script and the story itself is terrible. Bruce Nolan, let's be honest, a very modest journalist, has absolutely no great stories (like the giant cookie story, what a fake profile, and the Niagara report is a complete failure!), He's a man with a full-time job , He's a comedian), taking into account his potential, with a nice house, a sweet girlfriend for sugar, and OH HORROR !!!! Dog who is not home trained! Yes, once Bruce begins, at the beginning of the film, by addressing GOd in "God, why do you hate me!" In a way, the ordinary viewer should think: "Why, what's wrong with your life, Bruce?". Bruce is not, and certainly not a man who has real problems in life. Most of the problems that occur to him are simple and do not deserve all the hype caused, and some are really just stupid. Most people have really big and interesting problems, and most people deserve attention to the fact that Bruce, who does not seem human after all, does not seem realistic, and he is very intense and nervous, but God is still addressing him. why? Although Morgan Freeman looks nice as a god, I can not help but ask what he does in this very bad film. And what does Bruce do when God grants him His powers? In this film, God can give his powers easily to a 5-year-old child and there will be no difference. No, wait, a smart child is likely to use better powers than Bruce. What does Bruce do? Bring the moon closer to the ground to create a romantic atmosphere and parts of the red soup and raise the dress of beautiful women in the street and answer the prayers via email and make them all a fact !!!! No more, Bruce, please! What Bruce did could actually end the world, but in the film, this does not happen, because this is "a nice, family, little" movie that makes no sense at all !!! Not a hint of irony, of real humor, of intelligence, of at least dirty humor! nothing. Just Curry plays silly, which began to look pathetic on the middle-aged actor. Aniston is down here. She plays a pale and unfashionable role for the friend of Bruce Grace, and remains completely forgotten in this film. No one in the right mind believes that these two have any chemistry at all between them. When Grace says a prayer for Bruce, this does not seem lame and pathetic, but it is completely wrong. These two are not meant to be together. I will give three stars, but I doubt that the film deserves one. Bad script, lame dialogues, lack of real humor, intelligence and any evolution, as well as undeveloped characters and understated the roles of Freeman and Aniston, the total lack of audacity and irony, all this makes the film hardly worth ***. But well, there were funny moments, Freeman is always good to see in any film, so, leave three stars.
