I saw this film in its first week in 1975. I was 13 years old and at that time found it quite appropriate and enjoyable. I came to discover the World of Doc Savage through the Bantam novels about old pulp magazines. I had no idea of ​​any of this from Doc, but I quickly became one of the most passionate Doc Savage enthusiasts I've ever met. I read (and still own) all the Bantam books, started to go to comics (along with Star Trek, Doctor Who and all kinds of eccentric geeky kids) and spent a wonderful time with every adventure with Doc and the original book of Fab 5. Book Philip Jose Farmer - The horrific life of Doc Savage has become part of the Bible for me, and to this day, I have very fond feelings about the Doc phase. In this saying, I must admit now years later that this film really missed the boat. It was a film he did not know what he wanted to be when he grew up. The script was cinematic and had little resemblance to the pulp story. These stories from the 1930s were short, and if we look at the outlines of Lester Dent (AKA Kenneth Robeson) for writing, they broke into PERFECT 3 acting drama that screamed for screen therapy. One might think that with George Ball and Michael Anderson at the helm, it could have been better. Spoof elements miss the target and reach more dangerous moments almost, but then shorten. It is interesting to note that they used representatives of characters from the second series (young people who were already extra players and add-ons before this film) who all cleared very well. Paul Gleeson has of course become a good player in all aspects of entertainment, and Bill Lacking is a permanent television. The rest fell sadly on the map. I want to have a copy of this film because it's the only version of the hero, but I'm afraid I will not see it much because it's very painful. I would say 0 but I give it 2 out of 10 instead for some artistic direction in the period (Doc's own answering machine was in the end a nice touch) and played the third sting team at the moment in the sun.
