I took this out and saw it tonight. I honestly think it should be 20 years since the last time I saw it. I remember it was a seriously flawed film. I do not remember it is bad !!!!! <br /> <br /> I am so terrified that a project with so many potentials would have to be treated with shame. Who am I responsible for this? 2 players who wrote (and I use this loose word) script? Casting directors who badly abase at least 3 main characters in the story? (Only two of whom are among the "five amazing"). The director, who clearly refused to take it seriously, continued to push the awful music along with bad writing and bad behavior everywhere? (I loved the song of the song - but it should never have been used throughout the entire film!) Without Black, who should be ashamed of some of his lyrics written for that music? <br /> <br /> I have to withdraw this, less than a week after the rereading of the comic book. The first 15-20 minutes of film more or less (really, less) parallel to the first number of comic. While watching tonight, I kept wondering - why almost all of his details were changed? Document show, then use the remote control in the wristwatch to open the safe, missing the sniper bullet 5 inches because of the refractive glass, and only the only things that left the same thing. I mean, if you do "adapt", why does God change everything? <br /> <br /> As soon as they leave Doc's headquarters, almost nothing like it was in the comic (which, given Roy Thomas, I figure probably follows the book). I read somewhere where they combined elements of two different novels into one film. Again why? I heard that it was changed because they could not secure the kind of budget they wanted. Look at the film, I think ... the lack of money in no way explains what I saw on the screen !! <br /> <br /> As you know, when people complain about Joel Schumacher, they really have to take a look at this thing. The best thing I can say is, I think it will achieve a great double advantage with the BATMAN feature of 1966 - That and FLORD GORDON 1980. All three films are "silly". Maybe we can "blame" the 1966 film (and the TV series) for that. Some fans have complained over the years that Adam West's Batman has destroyed the image of comic books in generations of non-comic fans. I think the same can be said for Hollywood. I remember the number of BAD films based on really "classic" characters over the years, especially (it seems to me) in the late 1970s and early 1980s. Charlie Chan, Fu Manchu, Tarzan, Buck Rogers, Flash Gordon, The Color Ranger - all are "killed" by the Hollywood types who think, "Oh, comic books! They are more like "idiots". What a waste of possibilities. <br /> <br /> Let me say some goodies ... Despite the text and direction, Ron Ely is wonderful. When I read the story of DOC SAVAGE, I do not think of the paintings of James Bama, think of Ely. Bill Laqing (who was later a regular in the A team) is awesome. Eldon Quick (whom I've seen elsewhere, but can not remember his place) is wonderful. Paul Gleason - who completely hated him with passion and revenge in The BREAKFAST CLUB ("gurus" like who should be banned from teaching anywhere), may be the best in "Amazing 5" in the film. Pamela Hensley - Although her role was almost indistinguishable from the original story - it is wonderful. Before she let her hair down, I also realized that she looked as mean as "Ardala Valmar" from the awful John Calkins Buck Rogers tapes I read the other day. I've got a big nose like Ardala - not just as obvious. Comedy Ardala actually looked more like a 1936 film Princess Aura - or Cher. Or perhaps Streisand. Take yer choice. (Ardala actually got a plastic surgery in George Tuska's tapes - then, it was amazing!) <br /> <br /> Paul Wexler, funny enough, I just saw last week in the GET SMART episode. I wonder if like anyone was supposed to play? I do not know, because this character certainly was not in the film, where the film took his title.
