After Watergate, Vietnam and the dark days of the Nixon and Jimmy Carter seasons, what the world needed was an old-fashioned theatrical heroine to overcome the snakes and villains of America in 1936 or the South American forests in a series of spectacular cliffhanging adventures. Unfortunately what happened in 1975 was Doc Savage, a bronze man. Perhaps the best thing to say about the latest film of the legendary producer George Pal is that the beautifully designed but sadly sad novels of Kenneth Robson of cardboard have perhaps left George Lucas and Phil Kaufman out of the theater to say to each other, "We can do better, "And add a whip, the troubled Fedora and some of the much needed flaws in the mix. <br /> <br /> A big part of the problem is that Doc Savage is in many ways hard to write about from Superman? The explorer, the adventurer, the optimist, a scientific and intellectual genius in the body of the unknown bronze blonde shot associated with Greek goddesses (or rather Tarzan, Ron Elie, clone Charlton Hyston here), he can not do, the most harmless, nothing can hurt him . The man is a virtual incarnation of Hitler's Ariane Obermensch (it is not surprising that DVD is only available in Germany!), Albeit with all American values. If nothing should have been overlooked (never before), he does not have one or five guest players in his entourage, (five less than) wonderful. A chemist, an electrician and even a archaeologist I can accept, and I can go even further to see the potential need for a construction engineer, but what kind of hero takes a criminal lawyer in his adventures? In fact, maybe Duck brain confidence has been added because it is with the hero highly disrespectful and practical perfection in every way ?? Even Kryptonite will not put him in his place - there must be someone in danger in the stories, despite Paul Gleason, they are all terribly appalled and overstated (as in most parts of the movie) d. Editorial. The bad guys are not the best off, as Paul Wexler defied all the threat of geography teacher as Captain Sees, and Scott Walker (no, different) offers one of the worst cinematic accents (Is it supposed to be Scottish, Irish, Welsh, Greek, While Marilyn Monroe-Isch, a blond blonde at Robin Hilton, gives Paris (unrelated) to run away for her money in the uneducated Pembo classes. <br /> <br /> Those flaws, should this have been much better than it is in considering different components? Lost tribes, a group of gold, a violent battle with two surfaces and deadly poisonous toxins, all concluded in an attempt to find out why Dock's father was killed. In the sixties and seventies of the last century, the superheroes of the brick were not referring to characters exposed to modern motion scenes and special effects, but were treated as fairly comical characters of fun in low budget camps with fast motion scenes. Cheap films came out of the cheap idea, the films were only directed towards the matinée market: as you know, for children. Long ago there have been rumors that the original cut was more obvious? Certainly a large part of camp value has been added in post-production, whether it's in Colgate's twinkle in Ein Duck, and comedic comments that determine the different fighting styles in the end with the words of Captain Sees or Dong Gong is to John Philip's national Sousse marches ?? But a lot was in the film to begin with. After all, it's hard to see how one of the wicked arms that make phone calls from a huge rocking bed was never meant at all anything other than a flattering joke, while Pam's explanation of Pamela Hensley's why he did not date with the girls could It is a scene written for Adam West in Batman. Instead, usually the most pleasant moments are purely unintentional, such as the presentation of his sixth sense by revoking Adam's apple. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the biggest problem is that, while promising the promise on paper, it is treated almost in a mundane way, whether it is chasing a local killer on rooftops in New York skyscrapers or fleeing a yacht full of bad guys. Even the winning idea of ​​animated green snakes hovering in the air because the poisoning of its victims fails to stir any enthusiasm from director Michael Anderson: After showing their own deprivation of a few scenes earlier, Doc managed to send them without more than a chair. And an electric fan simply by pulling the curtains on them. <br /> <br /> However, regardless of the different Doc's, which are stamped with their logo and look more like plastic than bronze, the design of the production is often sound even if it is very clear that Los Angeles stands in New York, Fred Quinckamp said that the film looks good despite the low budget. It is good to see a supernatural film that does not spend most of its time playing in the story of an origin, although one leaves to doubt that Doc grew up entirely from his own Zeus chambers. <br /> <br /> It's a film I really like to like more, but it sounds like 100 minutes of missed opportunities. No wonder in Doc Savage, The Arch the Enemy of Evil, the sequel optimistically promised at the end of credits, never happened.
