There is nothing amazing about Mr. Williams' stunning. Part of the problem of this film is its main actor, Melvin Douglas. He was a bad actor and lazy with her. During most of his career, he allowed his good appearance and in an attractive way (usually, but not in this film) to write good text to compensate for his lack of acting ability. Douglas hated as an actor before I knew anything about him as a person; I learned a lot about him to know that I also despised his policies. I will give Melvin Douglas credit for one thing: his chromosomes produced a talented and amazing actress Elena Douglas. <br /> <br /> Melvin Douglas made this film right after the wonderful movie "Ninotchka" ... Talk about the quietest! "Mr. Williams is stunning" pretending to be a comedy, but I never laughed. Douglas plays the role of plainclothes detective in the homicide squad, Kenny Williams. I've never heard of a police detective named Kenny, but if they call him Kenneth Williams ... well, what a load. The whole city is in a state of panic because a serial killer is happening, killing women. There is no motive for this; he just likes to kill women. The mayor (Jonathan Hill, better than usual) calls Williams on the carpet for his failure to catch the killer. <br /> <br /> Get closer to spoilers. Juan Blondell is cheap, naive, uneducated and unattractive as mayor. (Do not learn to read and write enough to make a message, less than the first type). Both Blondell and Douglas fight as a cat and dog, so it is blatantly clear that they will end together. <br /> <br /> At the lowest point in this film, Milvin Douglas decides to take the killer out by wearing his clothes as a woman. You do not want to see Melvin Douglas in the clouds! He was six feet tall, not even that annoying mustache. William Powell, who was likened in the same way, was a very similar actor to the Milphyn Douglas (but more talented). When Powell abandoned himself as a woman in "crazy love", he had the integrity to remove his drink: a real sacrifice, where Powell needed to grow again for his next role. But Melvin Douglas brings nothing to his role in this film, not even shaving. He plays drag scenes with the same annoying smile he has used most of his career. <br /> <br /> On the positive side, "The Amazing Mr Williams" includes many of these great supporting players who made Hollywood movies about '30s very delicious. Edward Proffey is wonderful here, touching and laughing like a criminal who gets an improbable prison break for life. Donald McBride considers indigestion as good as a cop who makes a mistake in committing a murder and is killed by a gang of mobs. Ruth Donnelly is wonderful: as usual for her, but here you get a chance to show off her talents away from her usual orbit against the backdrop of Warner Bros.. Jamie Connellin, Louis Alberney and Dave Weilock are all smiling in small roles. Barbara Piper (which I usually hate) is also good here. Maud Iborn gets some time on the screen; I always hate her, and she performs the same performance in every movie ... but some audiences enjoy Ibern's highly observable performance for reasons I can not understand. <br /> <br /> If you're familiar with Hollywood actors in the 1930s and their roles, one look at IMDb's list of actors will tell you who is the killer. This is the problem "The Amazing Mr Wiliams": Everything is very clear. I will make this movie 2 points out of 10.
