Even if you are a fan of the mighty Sandler, please do not bother this very disappointing comedy! I bought this movie for $ 7.99, assuming that it should be fit at least halfway, because Sandler is there and because I assumed that some women would become naked (according to the classification of women wearing R and transparent cover). Well, there are quite a few women in tight clothes, but there are no naked women. I'm not sure what point it was going around in Sandler's march, but I think it was even days before the SNL. I can be wrong. This is like watching one of his home movies. We may look back at a cheesy movie like this and remind us of good ol times ... but (the audience) we left to dry up. This is hardly a "film"! Sandler talks a lot with the camera, and admits at some point that the film is "no budget" (that's right, not a low-budget movie, a budget-free movie). So our job is to laugh at the strange characters. There is no fixed plot, it's like an extended initial comedy show - but a rough show and a bad book. This man who played the role of the bad comedian was quite troublesome and it was unreasonable in the first place to receive such a public. Sandler finds his comic inspiration by saying the classic Henny Youngman line "Take My Wife, Please" and the audience on the floor? I'm not going to try to make any logic here. Sandler's current and recent films are certainly not well known (the penguin in Billy Madison and the dwarf in Happy Gilmore's Happy Place) but comedy works. This is a huge job, and even if you're interested in Adam's early days in the movie - you're still not interested. It is best for you to check its start on SNL or perhaps its estimated role in Mixed Nuts. Of course, Sandman is not the only actor lost in this car that did not thank her. Billy Bob Thornton also has a short appearance, and Billani Zinni ("Titanic") has a supporting role, and Burt Young Jr. ("Rocky") plays an important role. <br /> <br /> This hideous comedy is likely to collect dust on the 99-cent rent section of your local video store - that's right. <br /> <br /> Outcome: 3 (out of 10)
