Hollywood has now overtaken much more officially and I really hope that this cartoon image will actually react to their disturbing machines, despite the return of the good box office. If you are an industrial person who reads our comments and looks for hints about what to do next, stop. Stop offering our TV programs at these repellent, stupid, and money-wasting time-consuming movies that suck. By doing this, you prove one thing: Hollywood is out of ideas, you'll only see the movies you wear and perpetuate the cycle of disgust. What is next - you guys will go to ruin The Bionic Man ?? <br /> <br /> The movie is just a clear mistake, and it can get a very simple fact of stupidity in a completely incorrect presentation by forgetting (or ignoring) that Tom Wobt and John Schneider in Bo & Luke Duke were supporters. They were disciplined, learned the lesson, went directly, and were there to help people and be good neighbors who just happened to shoot the dynamite arrows inverted from the fishing arches and driving like Steve McQueen. Uncle Jesse at Denver Pyle was also the moral center of the family. He always insisted that the boys did a good job, even at their own expense or embarrassment, while making sandwiches and coffee when the chores were done. They always did the right thing and they had a kind of serious naivety towards them which was very attractive. We wanted to be like them more than we were, somehow. My favorite trick in the show was the way they used to tie their seat belts before the demise, which seemed very ethical for this film. <br /> <br /> By turning the Duke family into a bundle of luxury, trickery and criminal mentality, the backward, the losers of hate for the film, the film has no moral view, the show was about the sincerity or corruption of the Dukes - Duke in this movie as good men? I wanted to punch them in the nose. They seem to have a lot of spare time on their hands that can be spent doing housework on the farm and end up pursuing less than noble ends, if not acting like a pair of 14 year old boys who have not grown up. There should not be any use of marijuana, or squinting at cactus, female students, wives or breasts, or any Sunnigan shared by the brothers in Da Hood. All this looks like a marketing consultant doing a survey at the mall for what 14-year-olds like to watch in movies. The problem is that 14-year-olds can not remember the show. IMHO should not watch this film either. Parents who may be nostalgic for the show will feel disgusted by what the writers, directors and producers did with our collective memories just to separate us from our money. with it. What were they thinking about? <br /> <br /> The boy never did * Daisy make mistakes. Jessica Simpson, who was committed as a Pamela Anderson pitcher, may be the only reason anyone sees this defect, but you can only serve your needs by downloading some of her promotional shots, printing them and installing them on the wall in the toilet. It is barely in the film at all (the only movie saving grace), and the ten minutes or so they used were still excessive. Maybe Daisy Catherine Bach had the same kind of shorts and long legs that made people feel just laughing at her, but Daisy was playing * someone *. The nuggets she raised as soon as she had a ring were almost natural. It's still one of the most exciting pop culture icons ever, but there was someone at home. More importantly, she was a nice, caring person who could not help if the guys went on her. <br /> <br /> By contrast, Jessica Simpson looks fake, contrived, composed, expensive, discredited, isolated, bored, out of place, and I do not think she even looks great in her outfit. She does not look like a person but a plot machine, summoned during a deal with someone representing her agent. Ms. Simpson is advised to shoot this person immediately and pretend that it never happened. No matter what the joke, it is not in it and is being exploited shamefully for T & A. If this is all you want from her career, the CEO will produce the supplement if you will ensure you have at least enough time for the screen, because this effort was pathetic. <br /> <br /> The bottom line is SKIP IT. For the cost of two tickets and Slurpee to go, you can choose one of the wonderful box sets from Warner Bros. The whole family can see them together. That's why it worked. The only real purpose I can see in the film is the future use of interrogation tools at Guantánamo Bay. Twenty minutes from this and they will sing a chorus. <br /> <br /> 1/10, I mean. Keep the hell away from the Allian man, you are a follower.
