In Hazzard County, Georgia, cousins ​​Bo and Luke Duke (Scott, Knoxville) and their cousin Daisy Duke (Jessica Simpson) run Uncle Jesse (Willy Nelson) while avoiding local authority, Boss Hogg (Bert Reynolds). Their problems with Boss started only because they knew he was planning to strip the town for precious raw materials. <br /> <br /> I never saw the TV show and after watching the movie, I will not start any time soon. I love stupid comedy but this did not give much laughter. It was a pretty boring picture where the first hour was very difficult. The second part was a little better but this movie was still a missed opportunity. The film focused on Bo and Locke too much. The characters in general were not very interesting and the actors they filmed did very well. <br /> <br /> The acting was not good. I did not expect to be good in the first place but none of the strings were very ridiculous. Shawn William Scott and Johnny Knoxville offer less than average performances. The latter was very good like Stifler but tries to get here very strongly. It seems that the latter is only looking for a salary and nothing else. Jessica Simpson was not known for her work, nor was she known for her right to sing. She is famous for presenting the special reality and saying really dumb things. She is beautiful but she is weak. It does not matter though because they do not really appear in the film and the character they play is not complicated or anything. Willie Nelson has a secondary role and does nothing special. <br /> <br /> John O'Brien wrote the script and made two films before Dukes Hazard. The first one was paved to the grave, which was fine. The second was Starsky and Hatch which was very funny. He does not do a good job here, although the story is a mess. He also forgot to add jokes and some other things that would make this movie work better. The film is too long for comedy. Well, 106 minutes is not quite long, but it feels longer because there is little humor in the first hour. I think they should keep short comedies otherwise they have to find a lot of material to cover the entire runtime. Dukes of Hazzard barely enjoyed a lot of funny gags to keep it going for 30 minutes, not to mention 106 minutes. The car's sequences were mediocre and did not actually save a troubled film. In the end, Dukes of Hazzard may attract a few people, but most people will probably find it dull and better to skip. Rating 4/10
