It seems that filmmakers in old TV programs are the standard in Hollywood these days, but this hilarious humor, toilet and foul language that do not worry with your mother, ripping is a stark average finger in all Ducker Hazard fans both north and south of Mason Dixon line. From the opening series of Bo and Luke Duke as they dance to Uncle Jesse (no one shines at the show because he will return the boys to jail as a conditional violation) to the final sequence of Omani herbs Jesse to smoke with the Governor of Georgia (Uncle Jesse was the moral compass despite his painful past ways) . This disappointing waste of film is an open-face insult. I can not tell you how many parents I've seen wake up and get their kids out of the theater during the first 15 minutes of the film when they realize they've been terribly deceived. The original Dukes Hazard was a family program with basic ethical values. The original Dukes Hazard was a safe child, supported by Hemi, and it seemed fun that the parents did not have to worry about teaching their children the seven words of George Carlin. I have read reviews that the show and the film are only racists. These commitments may be true about the film. These commitments are absolutely untrue in the offer. The presentation, if any, was about how to communicate with friends. Hollywood has finally appeared in public about their disdain for those of us, Yankees, rebels, or others who still believe in honor, loyalty, trust and family, and do the right thing even if it is not the common thing. Hollywood has finally revealed that those who are stupid, uneducated, inspect beer, foul mouth, trash bin will buy any piece of garbage they want to sell. Hollywood elitist proof they are wrong. Do not go to see this movie. Cutter sponsors. Warner Bros. and email boxes filled with complaints that we could not destroy one of the greatest television shows of all time. Save your money and buy DVDs for the original show, but whatever you do? Do not go to see this movie
