Sometime in 1998, Saban acquired the rights to produce a new series of live films from Ninja Turtles. Of course, being a TMNT fan again in the day, this is obviously the culmination of my interest. So when I started watching the show ... to say I was disappointed by the final result, is an understatement. Later (more like recently), I got a chance to review the serial. <br /> <br /> First, let's talk about some pros. They managed to re-create the turtle hideout as seen last time in the films fairly well due to the limited budget they threw out with this. There tends to be a generally darker atmosphere in terms of groups and so on. Turtle suits, although they are not the greatest piece of brides etc., were functional and seemed largely robust to most of the practical things that would follow in the series. <br /> <br /> People tend to complain about getting rid of the shredder quickly and replace it with those original bad guys who could easily be used in Power Rangers. But you can only beat the Shredder several times before you get bored and undermine its worth as a villain ... Besides, most fans do not realize or do not remember or simply ignore the truth in the original comic, the chipping was stopped in the first issue! Do not mind the countless revival would follow. So, from a personal point of view, I was very happy because they got rid of the Shredder because then you will see expectations to the point where they will eventually return to the next episode. I find that the process of chopping in small quantities works better because then do not forget the encounters with the turtles. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, they ended up being replaced by these original villains, as we have mentioned, they seemed more suited to the Power Rangers show than the Ninja Turtles display. With these new magic drugs, a new turtle revolves around magic, the famous Venus de Mello. I will be honest; I did not feel comfortable with it. I'm not against the idea of ​​female turtles; I'm just against the idea of ​​a person who uses magic, and thus sets off like a painful scene among a clan of ninja turtles that seem somewhat out of range. I have almost the impression that this can easily be the Venus De Milo program that deals with its talented enemies and that TMNT are only there to provide stellar power (or anything that remains, taking into account the timeframe in which it was issued). Fortunately, they all share the spotlight together. <br /> <br /> The following Mutation was changed after a season on air and the innovators were happy to ignore it. Given the time and perhaps another season, I really think that this direct repetition of TMNT might be something and probably got a chance at greatness. But while the idea was sound, implementation was flawed (although there were a number of good episodes in this series). As is the case, Next Mutation is one of those anomalies in Turtledom best left buried and forgotten.
