There seems to be a very good reason why I never heard of Dr. Hackenstein in front of me and two of his colleagues found them by mistake and stupidly decided to give them a chance. That's why: suck! It's a comedy / horror spoof that's useless. In fact, to be honest, I'm not sure if this means comedy because the text sometimes takes itself seriously and really tries to be an ambitious and early effort in the late 1980s. In 1909, at the dawn of a new era in medical science according to the opening sequence, Dr. Elliot Hackenstein needs exactly three women? No more, no less ?? To renew his beloved wife who was accidentally killed. It is just a living head that is now left, but the stupid body abductors only provide the male bodies. So when Dr. Hackenstein screams, "I need three female bodies to get my wife back," his words are not cool. There seem to be only three young women (and a really annoying nerd) with a problem in the car. door step. Why does not this happen to me? "I need a bunch of fancy women to fill empty harem!" ?? I see nothing! In any case, a good doctor sees that his wish is fulfilled, but unfortunately? Which science is it? He develops empathy with one of the three girls. "Dr. Hackenstein" is a lame movie trying to take advantage of the success of "Re-Animator" and even blatantly steals some comedic aspects of those classic, like a broken head talking about one person. It's easy to see why this movie is never mentioned anywhere, because it does not appeal to horror fans or comedians. The most personal character is undoubtedly the serious thieves Robbie thieves female. Filmed by Ann Ramzi Anti-Karroubi. Surely she will be remembered by horror fans in the 80th film from "Wicked Friend" by Wes Wes, playing the role of her tough old neighbor who cut her basketball head. "Dr. Hackenstein" is supposed to happen in early 1900, but there are hardly any attempts to recreate the atmosphere of that era (except for some cars). Dr. Hackenstein's laboratory is an 80-clicheide block, with all kinds of boiler and test tubes filled with fluorescent colors.
