Haunting, if you've seen the original, you know a wonderful ghost story, it's perfect in the film. It's a painful story for four people who go to a haunted house and with a simple trick of sound and movement, it frightens people. Still effective to this day if you appreciate the movie. So when Haunting was reconfigured in 1999, many people had the same reaction "What? Why? What?" But in my opinion, if the new version is respectable enough and you just want to reinvent the story for the new generation, I'm wonderful. This is definitely not the case, it's just a shameful dull shame that will waste your time and I'm sure it will not scare me? pfft! PG-13, what do they think? This is not apparent. <br /> <br /> When her mother dies and her sister discards her, Neil receives a phone call, telling her about a study of insomnia managed by Dr. David Marrow at Hill House, Manor Manor. Upon arrival, Neil meets Mr. and Mrs. Dudley, a strange husband of carers who do not stay at the hotel after dark. Shortly thereafter, two other participants in the study, Theo Wilde and "The Bad Sleeper" Luke Sanderson and Maro. Unknown to the participants, the real purpose of Dr. Maru is to study the psychological response to fear. Every night, the gatekeepers walk out of Hill House, preventing anyone from entering or leaving until morning, when the people open the lock. There are no phones operating inside Hill House and the nearest town a few miles away. Dr. Marrow reveals the story of Hill House. He built the house Hugh Crane, Crane built the house for his wife, hoping to fill it with a large family full of children, yet all the children of Crane died during childbirth. Crane's wife killed herself before the house ended, and Crane became a slope. The first night, Theo and Neil began to experience a strange phenomenon inside the house, including strange noise and temperature changes that could not be explained. After sabotaging the main entrance, Neil faces the words "Welcome home, Eleanor," and becomes very angry as she begins to prove that the house is chasing the lives of those who have fallen victim to Crane's cruelty. I learned that Crane built his wealth by exploiting the abducted children for slave labor and killing them when they no longer benefited from it. Then the bodies were burned in the house stove to hide any evidence. She also learns that Crane has a second wife called Caroline, of whom Indie is the slope. Everyone thinks she is crazy while Neil is convinced that this is where she belongs. <br /> <br /> Seriously, I suggest you stay away from this movie, it is really stupid and meaningless. Not to mention the actress who played the role of Neil, Laila Taylor, completely annoyed me, her performance, her shape, everything about her, does not make me start things I just do not to see her in the film again. Catherine Zeta-Jones did not match her role as well as William Nixon, a brilliant actress who wasted her talent once again. The effects are much higher and very beloved, I can not believe they will smash a great classic with this raw. Believe me, if you are afraid of something, be afraid to see how you can turn a wonderful ghost story into an annoying piece of excessive stupidity? Oh, this movie really hurts me, you do not see it, it's bad. <br /> <br /> 1/10
