For everyone who saw and fell in love with the musical theater A CHORUS LINE, the film is a bad alternative. Not only broken songs, but unnecessary fluctuations were added, new dance sequences designed, let's face it, Richard Attenborough just does not know how to portray the dancers. <br /> <br /> Onstage, Michael Bennett's A CHORUS LINE was this: Michael Bennett. His idea, his dance, his direction, his gift to Broadway and the rest of the world. It was two hours of hard realism in your face that made you really feel about these "boys" and "girls". However, the film lacks empathy and depth: actors seem to be testing a chorus instead of actually testing. Every step, every line of dialogue seems likely and planned for him; Michael Douglas, especially, since Zach dominates us so much to believe that he designed the very exhausting dances. Even when you throw out tantrums, you will never believe it because every gesture and every word is animated, every nuance is tested. And for him he does not dance: Kevin Klein tested Zach's role on Broadway. Michael Bennet liked to read it, but Kline could not dance and eventually lost the part. How I wish they had done the same thing with Douglas! CHORUS LINE is supposed to be a show about no one, apart from some well-known faces (Vicki Frederick, who played Cassie on Broadway, like Sheila and Chand Alexander, from NewsRadio for television, as one of the many test dancers) is not supposed to know None of these people. Because you know these people. Having a star in any of the roles is a terrible decision: when you focus on Michael Douglas and scream instead of focusing on the girls and boys on the line and their stories, you lose something. <br /> <br /> It is truly unfortunate that the best series in the series (Montage: Halo Twelve, Halo Thirten, Halo Love) has been cut to make room for a terrible new song entitled "Surprise, Surprise" Oscars. Cassie's "mirror dance" contains a new song and a tediously boring dance design - one wonders why they bothered to shoot a copy of the film at all if they ran into this work. <br /> <br /> For fans of the musical theater and those who enjoyed the play version, this film makes fun of everything they love and love. For those who have not seen the original production, whether on Broadway or on tour, this film is the only reference they will have to go. They will have to wonder how he will be the longest musician in Broadway history - even surpassing a small show called CATS in the late 1990s. But that's a different story, and it does not make me start there.
