I'm not the purest stage. It was possible to make a film for this play, and it almost requires making changes ... comme ci, comme ca. But the modest perceptions of this article have been lost or misunderstood by the creators of the film who are in the status of the "shallow bomb" full. It would be hard to imagine a worse way out. Only Josh Logan and Jack Warner could have destroyed it the same way Ateneboro did. <br /> <br /> The Onstage A Chorus line was a triumph for working as a production method. The dancers, who answered a voice call, were sitting as they opened fire on folly about their experiences in the professional stage (the 1970s!). Bennett and Hamlish then took some time, handing them a song and throwing it out to themselves. ...just awesome! Incredibly modern. 'The story' ACL (in turn) relates to the response to a voice call play we could not see completely never, because the play does not matter. She was dead before the invention of the idea, 25 years before adapting to a similar idea. The AFC Champions League was another in the direction of the still-alive downsizing, which is a hallmark of modern creativity: the technique itself is compelling ... there is a drama in the average person's life more than it can synthesize with invented characters. What a decent idea. The theater had one performance (empty stage) and three different ways to change the background, to reduce visual boredom, not to keep viewers distracted. The space receded and the stories of the actors were highlighted. It worked just fine. That was the point. All these thoughts are trampled or bastard. Well, there was not one, nor was there any fashion until the dancers came out for their final arches, where "One" was finally showing off with the strongest hats and full, with moves we realize we saw in training sessions. The pent-up anxiety of the play is released --- the masses went nuts. <br /> <br /> After Grampa is treated with this, it looks like a pig. It is clear that he had in mind "everything that dances on jazz" (and the story of Fosse's Dancin) in his mind when he makes his choices. Hamlich's result was exciting and interesting because it was time, but the time was not nice. She schmaltzy like "jazz hands". Before it was touched by Ateneboro. It is wonderful to find all the rest, and distort it. <br /> <br /> A simple question at the time of Attenborough may have helped, "Can I afford to spend a few minutes with people like this?" One of the main issues of any modification of the play is how the fourth wall of the theater (pivotal due to its absence in the theater) will be treated in the film's coordination. There has never been a "front" play. Their answer was, "I'm sorry .. What's the question?" The number of actors has been increased from a manageable number of unique narratives, to a crowd choking each other and the public, mixing themselves in Sarif. I have gone beyond my frustration when this small, annoying batter swings across the stage on a rope, imagining the (absent) audience. The play made you understand the theater. This movie makes you just want to choke them. <br /> <br /> There may be a disturbing trend in Produiz for characters who walk directly to the theater center and sing their stories to the audience (Les Miz, Miss Saigon) instead of starting with other characters that started here. But the worst imaginable revival of the play will make you feel more vibrant than this movie. <br /> <br /> The Corus line is a pure schlock.
