In Broadway, the chorus line was pure magic. From the second show, which opened with an amazing wave of energy to the truly grand end, a curtain call to all the choir members who we enjoyed during the show, we participated fully - we were touched by personal stories, some funny, some clever, some stirring, from this chorus line. The film is quite another matter. Focus now on the director - and what is Ghoul! Every time the film moves to Michael Douglas, there are bitter and sour expressions, spreading questions and orders, screaming and screaming whenever he gets the chance. Yikes !! To change the dynamics of the story. On Broadway, the director was present outside the theater, but he was also a playwright to let the stories of the members of the choir of this powerful / fragile / seditious speech be told with clarity and clarity. There's a reason I won this Pulitzer Prize! Indeed, in one of the only moments in which the director appears, he is there for the comfort of the young Puerto Rican dancer after hearing the story of this tragic dancer. He reappears to express his true feelings / concern with Kasi. But in the film, from the director of Douglas II who started the bitter bark orders, the stories of the choir members became secondary. It seems as if they are in a poor profession, where the winding exit instead of showing joy in creating a new dramatic show, confused and tired and angry of having to test these members of the course. On stage, there was always the excitement of the show. Here in the film practically practically, feel sorry for all participants. During the musical, we desperately wished each member of the choir good, and how happy we were if they got the job! But of course this can not happen. But in the end, when they all came back in glorious glory with these amazing spinning mirrors on stage, which sometimes reflects us in the audience and in our hearts, and we also know in the hearts of all those members who were accepted and rejected, they were on stage dancing forever. A career they loved so much, making magic into the theater. In the film, after all the lines of the story and the misplaced focus, this magic becomes completely blunted. All we feel (even with the exact same call to the curtain) is that some members have got a job with an enthusiastic manager. They all come on screen and dance again. Great deal.
