For those who have never seen a chorus line on stage and their only exposure to the story is this film, this film is quite like a movie theater, nothing special, quite a bit. I saw the Broadway show 4 times and until it was tested for a tour company once and for someone who kept the original production to a great extent, the 1985 film release is so shocking on so many levels that I do not even know where to start. First of all, for those who did not dare the audition, let me reassure you that when IRL plays a play, the director, producer, producer and choreographer does not ask personal questions and do not offer crap about why you want to. To become a performer. The real theater test, whether a play or a musical, rarely takes more than five minutes. If you're testing as a dancer, you'll see a collection of 64 dances once, and then decide immediately whether you're abroad or not. The original concept of the exhibition was Michael Bennett's portrayal of dancers' lives, a passion for performance for beginners and why they sacrifice so much for very little. The play revolves around these dancers. First of all, director Richard Attenborough focused on many dancers by strengthening the relationship between Cassie / Zack and the survival of Michael Douglas as Zach. In the play, you did not see Zach ... It's just a voice in the back of the theater and barely touched on his relationship with Kasi. The Cassie movie in the cab as he passed through the test and the upstairs was added to Larry's character (not even in the play) and took a lot of focus on what the story was about. We have been cutting or rethinking large musical numbers. The opening number in the play "I Hope I Get It" shows all the dancers who mix jazz and ballet and then exclude people. In the film, they create three hundred dancers on stage and appear in close proximity to hide the fact that they have cast people in the film who can not dance (can you say "Audrey Landers"). "Goodbye 12, Goodbye 13, Hello Love," the wonderful voice exploration of childhood memories of these dancers and dancers has been redesigned to become a "surprise, surprise" mainly for expatriate Greg Berg's role as Ritchie. The most famous song in the program, "What I Did for Love" which was in the influential symbolic show sung by all actors about what they give up dancing, becomes just another standard love song in the film, performed by tired Allison Reid Casey. Jeffrey Hornaday's design of the film is dull and unimaginable and does not carry a candle to the original Michael Bennett stage. When you make a film about dancers, the choreography must be special. There are two good dancers in the film, Greg Berg, previously mentioned as Ritchie, Michelle Johnston as Pepe, and Janet Jones as Judy, but it's hard to give them the chance to show what they can do, but Audrey Landers, who can hardly walk and chew gum at the same time , Given one of the best display numbers, "Dance 10, Looks 3." I will admit that the end, "One" is amazing, but you have to wait about two hours for it. I would say that if you do not see a physical line on stage, it might be worth watching, but if you're loyal to original Broadway music ... be scared ... be very scared.
