*** This post contains SPOILER (S) *** <br /> <br /> I am not a great admirer of Chuck Norris as an actor, but I worship him in all other ways. He also has his own website with Chuck Norris Facts which is really entertaining. But it seems that this film looks like someone was joking with the audience and puts all these "facts" in one film. I really do not remember when I waste my time more than this "already". I do not know what the worst this film can be for you: an unbelievable plot and a thousand times of terrorists trying to prevent nuclear weapons from the United States by smuggling nuclear weapons on US soil or perhaps those "great" dialogues and the words of Chuck's life story another thing. Someone may find the worst that terrorists actually speak in English in everyday life. It's an endless list of crap. Not to mention the huge amount of archive footage used in the film, which is somewhat annoying. The big terrorist sends a message to his comrades through the media when he is captured and the only man smart enough to see the cure is: Chuck Norris, of course. No one else in America is smart enough to see it! The whole action in the capture of a president is just ridiculous. One man is sent to walk through a whole UNARMED terrorist camp (I'm lying down, he has a knife), escapes from stalkers with JET PACK, and slides down a few hundred miles, maybe even thousands of kilometers to the nearest beach (Afghan border is 450 km away from the nearest beach) ), Where it is rescued by a submarine. I hope the fighting scenes are at least good, but this is more funny than the plot. If you do not know, 85% of the terrorists are masters of some martial arts, but Chuck & Co. beat them. Not only do they kill them easily, they can kick and throw them with one movement and fly the bad guys a few meters away like puppets. You may ask me did you watch this movie to the end? I did. why? Because I just wanted to see who, among these superheroes, would defuse the nuclear bomb that is a few hundred megatons and the size of the microbe. Then I realized what an idiot I was. Of course, it's Chuck's film after all. It is not only he who defuses nuclear weapons alone with tweezers, but he does so - twice !! I can write a book about all the stupid things in this film, but I would spend my life spawning. <br /> <br /> So the makers of this film made another reality for Chuck Norris to add on his website: Can Chuck Norris defuse a nuclear bomb? Yes and can do it twice!
