I have to admit that I have laughed several times during this 2004 holiday film, but it is already moving from my short-term memory. In a career that is rapidly heading towards the obscurity of the tabloid, Ben Affleck, who was once the representative of a promising comedian, became preoccupied with Hollywood's propaganda apparatus to reconstitute himself as a leading romantic. From this film, this transformation does not seem to happen, because it still lacks the attractiveness that makes it credible in such parts. While his friend Matt Damon plays intelligent roles in films like "Syriana", Affleck appears in this kind of commercials. At least, the superficial personality of the successful and sole executive director of the ad, Drew Latham, fits Affleck better than most other roles he tried. <br /> <br /> Directed by Mike Mitchell (best known for his 1999 film "Deuce Bigelow: Male" Gigolo) and written by at least four screenwriters (always bad), the fictional plot revolves around the need for his character To "hire" a family living in his childhood home in order to live outside his imagination of owning the old fashioned Christmas he did not have.This concept is intriguing because there is something to be said about the smiling release of emotions that we all direct to the frantic emotions amid hectic business holidays The real problem, however, is that the film looks like an extended sketch that lacks any logic or authentic emotional resonance It seems that he has the likes of James Gandovini and Catherine O'Hara playing in Falcos, The couple decides to accept Drew's cash show by pretending to be his parents. <br /> <br /> Gandolfini plays Tom like Grove, close to Tony Soprano, but he does his best in this role. From its classic SCTV days to the texts of Christopher Just House, O'Hara is always a comedic gem no matter what the car is, and it is no surprise that she wins the best laughs as Tom Kristen's wife, whether she dries neatly or thinks in an inch of a shot until a picture dominatrix. As her standard role in the screen, Kristina Applegate plays the role of their daughter Alicia, who has of course become a love of Drew. Despite some of the good moments when she enjoys cheating Drew's sister in front of his girlfriend's family, her character seems to change in lightning strikes, making it hard to see what Drew will see in her face. The story is completely out of control by the last third with a contiguous position stacked over the other until the cutting threads are connected together in a short time. It is rumored that many of the films improvised because there was no final filming scenario. This shows, but I also have to admit that I hung him up to the bitter end.
