I felt that the participants in making the "surviving Christmas" did not think much about the film. The characters are very inconsistent, and the plot is so meaningless that the film played as a rough draft of a scenario that was put up with little of the only concept of the rich man who pays the family to allow him to spend Christmas with them. <br /> <br /> Ben Affleck filmed Drew Latham, the typical Hollywood portrait of a wealthy advertising executive who shares his life. His girlfriend Messi leaves him shortly before Christmas because she feels disgusted that Drew wanted to take her to Fiji on Christmas Day, which she calls "the family holiday," and the fact that Drew never knew his family. We later discovered that Drew's father left when he was four, and his mother had died, so it is a mystery that he does not say he has no family, rather than let his girlfriend believe he does not. He cares about his family. <br /> <br /> For fear of being alone on Christmas, Drew downsized Messi's size (why? I have no idea), indicating that he is performing rites of forgiveness in his childhood home. When he meets the family living in his childhood home, Valcos, Drew gives them $ 250,000 to pretend to be his family, so he can reclaim the memories of his beloved childhood. He gets angry when he later discovers that they have an older daughter, Alicia (Christina Applegate), because he "does not have a sister," but goes so far as to write a text for the family to follow. Acting more like his "real" family. None of this makes sense once Drew reveals that he grew up without a family but his mother. <br /> <br /> Alicia, who is troubled by her family's acceptance of Drew's money, is also not known and refuses to play alongside his imagination. But for no good reason, she suddenly began to love Drew, and within minutes she moved from dislike to acting like his girlfriend. Drew is a complete jerk all over the film so his sad story about the only birthdays in his childhood does not raise any sympathy. I wish it had ended, "Just joking! The real reason I do not see my family is that they all have restrictive orders against me!" (2/10)
