Comedy Central often puts together great programs at Chapel Shaw, The Daily Show and the Coolbert Report, and then there are people who love them or hate Stella, Dr. Katz. Then there are some offers containing their defenders but they are just awful - Mencia, and now, Sarah Silverman. <br /> <br /> This presentation is based on the fact that Silverman is centered around himself, which can be funny (Colbert's report) but can be terrible (Mind of Mindia). Should not shock anyone I think the latter is the case. This show is a spoof of comics and society, a very silly program that loses itself in its futility and is simply not funny. A woman has been made to star in comedy several times because it is not a common thing. We do not need 25 minutes of it. When a criminal is disarmed by calm, he simply loses his attractiveness - we saw it in Jay and Silent Bob Strike, except for the women who were hotter, and the whole scene was more absurd, making it better. But the best comparison to this show is Stella, except Stella was more witty, which made ridiculous comedy ridiculous. It was the best representation, I suppose, a bit more realistic than a fantasy point of view. <br /> <br /> Some reviews may be very negative (I am very skeptical of critical praise but I do not oppose the reaction of fans)) This offer is the amount of advertising on it, and the ads are very hateful through many programs far outweigh the announcement of programs Other. Many people wonder why Sarah Silverman has enjoyed a career, while others still feel bitterness when better offers are canceled. This offer must not have exceeded the unfair trial stage. Back to Norm showed a much more promise, but this show makes him more. As far as critics are right, many things around the world have seen a significant rise in their standing. Another thing I checked out, Britney Spears gets good reviews too. Take this comparison the way you want because someone will definitely accuse me of being psychotic about IMDb for not liking this offer.
