I think this movie is fairly exaggerated here. There are some things to admire; for one thing, it deserves credit for being a science fiction film based on his story instead of the special effects and sequences of work to carry this day. The cast is good, the selected design and cinematography are good, and the ideas are interesting enough (although they began to look a bit tired after many dark clones Dark City / Memento / Fight Club in recent years). But the film has been retracted because of the poor characterization, wood performances of the main actors, and the laughingly bad result. <br /> <br /> The main problem I faced was that the protagonist was not loved or undesirable. I realize that part of the story dictates that it must be a little bit of (wait until ...), but I was completely unable to evoke any empathy for a character that looked like a dull and anonymous ghost of a man. What turns the personality there into this sad bag is artificially imposed by the plot. Principal actor Jeremy Northham managed to convey that the protagonist was confused and unhappy, but failed to raise any sympathy with him. In the interview, Lucy Liu does what she can for a character who has no real personality of her own, unless she is the embodiment of a detective film. <br /> <br /> One of the biggest disappointments in this film is the end. I will not give any spoilers here, but I will say that there is a sudden twist in the end that was clearly telegraphed at least 45 minutes before it happened. Moreover, having become guaranteed to be a strange film and directed toward ideas in the first hour or so, the last few scenes suddenly turn horribly into the worst types of Hollywood movies, complete with big bangs and special effects. McGuffin's film was not finally revealed badly, and in the end the characters seem less magnificent than they were before some of the film's main plot lines were resolved. <br /> <br /> The movie is not bad, anyway. It succeeds in maintaining a low low level of tension for the most part, despite slow speed (although I think I have higher than average tolerance for slow-motion movies). There are moments when the unsettled sense of sheer insanity that director Vincenzo Natali was clearly trying to raise heights on the surface. But in the end, these elements are not enough to overcome defects in representation and scenario. There's probably a good movie that covers the same themes and ideas, but that's not it.
