Let me start by saying that I usually like the style of Rene Harlin direct, for the most part, and that the cinematographer should be commended for some shots. Unlike Harlem "Elm Street 4" and "Die Hard 2" which I really liked, there is something missing from this film. This, my friends, is a script. Dialogue in such films is always terrible, but this film gets the gold medal for stupidity. There are many bad lines in this film, and I do not even want to remember any of them. Not only that, but the implementation of the lines is pathetic and seems more appropriate for a bad porn film than Action Adventure. It seems as if Harlin thought that if they slowed the words that were said, they could improve the text. Error again. <br /> <br /> The sad part is that there are some talented actors thrown into bad roles with a worse dialogue. Stallone was never my favorite, but when he acted around Lithgow, Turner, and the worst of a handful of Rocker, there was something wrong with this picture. Lithgow played one of the best villains in "Ricochet", yet he appeared as a person who could not act to save his life here. how is that possible? I have always been very fond of him and learn the performance of Stallone, who still speaks to him in his performance. Turner's part is very small and meaningless, but it is still able to appear on the screen. Michael Rucker can act. I know that because I saw him in "Thunder Days", but he seems to be reading his lines of signal cards. Has it come to this? When Rooker and Lithgow have scenes together where they talk, you just want the movie to end there, or both have an amazing ability to act. Unfortunately, none of these things happened. <br /> <br /> Which brought me back to Harlin, who could be the only person who actually blames this mess other than the screenwriter. It is a mistake that I have never attracted to this film at all, because it should have made people act already. The script is not very good, but the performance of the actors still destroys this film and it is about the director. I do not care about the amount paid for special effects, which are mostly good, still you can not sacrifice the film through terrible acting. <br /> <br /> In addition, the playback speed of this movie seems to have stopped. The opening sequence was good and the plane scene was good, but how should you care about the result of the robbery at all. I mean I understand they were trying to raise tension with all the bells and whistles of the plane scene, but I really did not care if they got the money or not in this scene. If the bad guy wins early, I might not have seen one of the worst films ever!
