After seeing the movie "Led" on a plane to America three years ago, I really thought I saw the worst movie ever created, and I can relax with my knowledge that I will not have to suffer so much in front of a screen again. Unfortunately, as I discovered last night, it was not. The gun is very bad and I'm really thinking of recommending friends to go and see it, just so I do not feel stupid enough to be fooled into watching this. It's really amazing how much this film falls perfectly on his face with hard, I mean the steady voice of the main characters, with completely reckless nonsense! I was actually angry at listening to the cinema that André Benjamin was repeating relentlessly on what looked like half of the film, while I was thinking all the time - what could the Turks have done to this whole gangster / deceitful joke, no matter what it was supposed to be, susceptible"? I'll tell you what. He would tell him to blow his head, blow his head away, and watch him with utter disdain while his incompetent partner ran as fast as his fat little legs. I mean, what are we supposed to think is going through Jake's head when they offer him a "solution" to his problem? They are fraudsters, so they must have a clear skill to treat incurable blood diseases! I mean ffs. Do not start to wonder why its symptoms do not worsen? A penny does not fall on the third day what happens instead of Richie presenting the audience to a painful phone call from Avi to Jake to let him know he is being tricked. <br /> <br /> Anyway, I can add a small positive note to the movie by going to dry humor if available, thankfully on a level similar to the previous movies ????. Bulls ** t! This movie does not try anything as clever as replacing itself through amusing timelines, no. I have somehow managed to be terribly deceptive, have not I really heard a lot of cinema full of ?? Anyone who knows UGC in Sheffield knows how to get a full home screen, not one person as much as his smile. He may never have wanted the film to be funny and fair enough, and you can still produce good gangster movies without comedy, but what was he planning to comment on this film might I ask? The intriguing plot is unnecessary! ?? I sincerely hope not! <br /> <br /> So far, the most satisfying moment I have been through last night has been a loud sigh coming from all directions as everyone was praying hard to finish the film. It was also very enjoyable to see how quickly the beneficiaries fought and the rush to the exits after realizing that it was over, and that they were free from their torment! <br /> <br /> I'll answer about this (I've ended up, writing this makes me angry again) by expanding in the "end". I mean sh ** t! End ?? .. No, sorry I can not, you just have to go and see it. It can not be put in words, it can not, and after you've seen it, you'll know why. Uuhhhh? Shivering?
