The movie "52 Capture" simply does not work. You can watch it if you are interested at all by Elmore Leonard or John Frankenheimer, or anyone else in the wonderful cast, especially John Glover who is fantastic. But the book - a slow-paced slow-motion movie with a lot of pulp - should have been translated into an Oscar-winning film instead of a failed one that could not figure out if it should honestly paint the story of the boiling crime. Of the book, or choose the Schwarzenegger spurt in the 1980s. Transforming the scene from the original place in the book, Detroit (a region where Leonard has lived for years and knows it well), to Los Angeles is a big problem Leonard tries to fix in his text, but ultimately it can not. It was, for example, a smart device that made Mitchell's wife a member of the city council (she did not have a job in the book). If you think about it: this is the only way you can blackmail someone reasonably in a sex-loving city like Los Angeles. The 1980s for adultery, or any kind of potential sex scandal. Even so, it is more reasonable in a more conservative eastern state like Michigan to believe that a "small" pornographic industry is a hazy hell that messes with money, where three of the losers can put desperate middle class mediators are not stupid. A classmate is going through a midlife crisis, and b) adultery alone may be something that a person can take away, if his or her distinguished career and old-fashioned wives can not afford to be traumatized. As Ron Jeremy will tell you, Los Angeles in the 1980s was an elegant pornographic mecca, more like the "Boogie Nights" than Leonard's shady dark world of hijacked tourist buses, dark apartments, and drug deals in the depressing urban slums. Then again, Los Angeles can be the background of this story if you arrange the scene more accurately - there are still a lot of dark faces and mental patients there. Unfortunately, Harry Mitchell appears from the movie Roy Cheddar in the sexy film Uebermensch handsome as he dances in his troubles without even sweating. In this book, a union official was shocked while struggling with a failed company. He also had a skeleton in the locker during the war that included friendly fire that he was responsible for, but did not appear to be unprecedented. The stories of Ilmore Leonard usually have a central image that involves alien politeness between the criminal and law-abiding citizen. Here, Harry Mitchell sits in his office with his blackmail, Alan Remy, handing over his financial books to him and negotiating a ransom operation, for such a central image. The extortionist in Glover plays the scene with convincing intelligence, but Cheddar depicts the victim here as a cocky "good man", responsible for the situation as if he were more than Rambo with M-16 than the man who barely stands up while his world collapses around him. "52 Pickups" ends with one of the worst hidden conclusions ever made, taking into account all the ideas that went into the original story and then the movie. Raity is trapped inside Mitchell's Jaguar and blown with the music of the band that explodes along with a sadist monologue by Mitchell, playing in front of an audience that wants the "gentle revenge" of Chuck Norris, not the balanced smart world of Leonard's book, Mitchell barely escaping at the end and the conflict between good and evil It can easily go either way. I left the theater shaking my head and depression. What a waste of talent.
