David Chase "The Soprano" was perhaps the most famous television program in modern memory. Not only is the series devoid of thought and emotion, but devoid of spirit. As anyone already knows that reading already, James Gandolfini * IS * Tony Soprano, a big, fleshy, hole-in-the-head mob with a pampered wife of his wife, and two young children, living in the brain - I've thought about it - This is New Jersey, by the way). Not only is Tony Zania, but also a silent cry of murder, with a crew of the cartoon "Saturday Night Live" for subordinates. Not the fact that Tony is a piece of the hobo who offends me (it seems to me only). To allow characters to be who they are, without judgment, is not allowed by American television. But Chase - and his accompanying memoirs of Emmy's money - did not simply allow us to watch Tony and his crew acting, not even trying to give any insight into the reality of the movement / reaction (even a clearly organized crime "Godfather"). Chase glorifies and approves the lifestyle of his greedy, violent characters and corruption in the same way Tony and his wife do, and even the psychologist who handles hair week after week (or should I say month after month, or year after year? The 13 episodes show the same symmetry as the eclipse of the moon I have always been watching the soap opera, the tired mob clichés, the housewives of the house. Self-service, irreplaceable personalities and conspiracies that do not go anywhere.I'm more than ever, I can see why so many Americans of Italian descent are at this show. Enough to make you want to wrap up with a good book ("Hell" emanates from Danté). <br /> <br /> People on IMDb like to claim that there is nothing good on television, so "The Sopranos" is the breath of fresh air. Are these people very busy paying bills to watch "The Shield"? (It is included in Basic, you know). What about (still good) "West Wing"? Or act brilliantly (if written incorrectly) "Boston Legal"? What about perhaps the best comedy in the last few decades, "Capture Development"? Lest we forget that we live in the era of DVDs - nobody has * to watch * anything * new. The best $ 40 exchange for a bunch of high-priced boxes, and also, pretty much anything *, of giving HBO $ 10 a month (or $ 80 for a DVD set!) To continue to prove how much a breakthrough plant could have. <br /> <br /> Do you want a good TV? See "Murder: Life on the Street". Or "one murder". Or "picket fences". Or even the former Chase offer, "Northern Exposure". If you are already among the "The Sopranos" group of fans and brainwashed critics, it's too late for you. But if that is not the case, leave Tony and his relatives who are worthless where they all belong - whirling with the fish. ("Sleeping" would be very nice)
