Seriously, I can easily take a lot of blood on the screen, swelling and disgust, but what makes this movie uncomfortable and uncomfortable to watch is how the character of the doctor continues to walk on the physical damage inflicted on raped women. He, John Cassavis of Rosemary's Baby, talks about uterine rupture, dry intercourse and large amounts of reddish sperm (?) As are the most common diseases in the medical world. That being said, "Incubus" is a strange horror effort in the end. It's not necessarily awful? Although it is not very good, is it? But just plain weird. The muddy and uncooperative scenario initially begins to look for a rapist's killer of flesh and blood (though the title clearly indicates the involvement of a supernatural creature) and seems to never stop introducing new characters. None of these characters, especially the main characters, appear sympathetic and for a reason he has never explained, they seem to all keep dark secrets. The above doctor has a strange interpretation of his daughter's love and acts constantly as if he were a suspect, and the mayor of the town (John Ireland) seems to be in a constant drunken state and does not seem to care about who continues to rape and kill women in his area, (An old witch and her grandson) is just nervous. They all try to solve a puzzle of them or exactly what destroys women in reproductive systems. The escalating sequences of rape and murder in an impressive atmosphere, the same despicable acts are bloody and disturbing. These are basically very positive factors in the horror film, but the narrative structure is very coherent and the characters are not sympathetic to "Incubus" to be a really good film. Also, there are very few boring parts that you struggle through (such as Bruce Dickinson's concert clips!) And you can not notice John Hoo's trend which is usually very reliable. The last shot is actual nightmares. To me personally, Incubus was somewhat frustrating, but there are still many reasons to recommend this strange horror of the early 1980s to open-sex gangs.
