A young couple, Mandy Pullman (Mitch Martin) and Rory Sealy (Matt Berman) are enjoying the beach in the small town of Galen. They decided to start playing practical jokes on each other. Mandy hides in the old runway, being attacked and raped by an unknown attacker. Roy tries to help her after hearing her scream but he is killed. Dr Sam Cordell (John Cassavet) and his daughter Jenny (Irene Flanery) are both new to Galen after the death of Sam's wife. Sam was called to work by police chief Hank Walden (John Ireland) when Mandy and Roy were found. He performs an autopsy on Roy and treats Mandy for her terrible injuries. Shortly after the museum's curator, Caroline Davis (Dennis Forgoson), was attacked and raped. Local press reports called Laura Kincaid (Kerry Keane) events, indicate to Sam that a similar series of rapes and murders occurred in the city 30 years ago. More rape and murder occur. Meanwhile, his friend Jenny Tim Galen (Duncan MacIntosh) has strange dreams and nightmares, and is convinced he has something to do with the appalling acts. Tim's story and digging in the former towns makes Sam convinced of the existence of a creature known as Incubus - a demonic entity that turns into an existing form only to reproduce it! Directed by John Hogg, this is a very boring horror film. The scenario for George Franklin based on Ray Russell's novel is slow at the very least. Nothing exciting or exciting happens and ends with one of the most boring events of the end I have ever seen, and it ends abruptly. Because the story is slowly disappearing, there are some rapes, but none of them appear on the screen. There is only one scene in the entire film as well. The beast itself appears only at the end and has all three short scenes. Everything about the production of this film is very fixed and flat, and the film does not enjoy any energy or speed. Acting is boring and you do not feel or care about anyone. Check the scene in the anatomy room where Mike can see the crane arm at the top of the screen on several occasions. Type horror film that you'll forget about in a day. A real waste of time, do not bother.
