Stephen King is generally known for his patients, which is good, but this story is very satisfactory. Some movies, in the end feel sad about the personalities or attitudes they have experienced ... Here you feel depressed. The film has a nice sense of it (at first), with the family moving to the country, the applauding Fred Zoeen's horrifying old man and warning them from the pet cemetery, but this plot does not lead anywhere. It starts with a lot of potential, but in the end it loses the ability to be a horror film well, becomes trite, very stupid, and finally frustrated. <br /> <br /> Luis (Del Medkov), his wife Rachel (Dennis Crosby), their children Ellie and Gigg, and their cat are moved to a new home in Maine. They are warned by Farmer Jod Farmer (Fred Gwen) about the local pet cemetery and how they are cursed. Lewis does not think about it and everything is fine until the family cat is killed. She was buried in the cursed cemetery, returned to life, constantly whispering to the family and wanted to leave alone. One day, Gage runs out of the way and is surprised and killed by a truck. Lewis knows he must bury him in the cemetery. When Gage returns to life, he is changed and wants to kill. <br /> <br /> With many of Stephen King's works, which are not well translated into films, the directors and screenwriters are blamed. In this case, Mr. King was the scriptwriter, but I blame him for his terrible story. In the end, it is useless, and although strange, the premise is laughable. A little boy comes back from the dead and can kill people with a little scalpel. Not only that, but he can lift their bodies and in one case, carry a body from the ground to the attic! (?) I know this is not actually set out but seriously, how stupid can this get? The scene in which Lewis pumps his death, now living again to kill him is strangely sad, because the cat did not deserve it. All she did was circumvent it as a private company and he killed her. The scene in which his baby is pumping is unbearable. Not sad unbearable, but the whole situation is just awful to think about. After being injected, Gage kneels drunk before falling dead ... Why do they need to make a movie that ends with the death of an infant? But ... Worse still, the actual end of a film of which Lewis buries someone else (who will not be granted) in the graveyard after Gage kills him .... What was he expecting? Why did Mr. King write this terrible story and why did it turn into a movie? It is frustrating and meaningless! <br /> <br /> My rating: * From ****. 90 minutes. R violence.
