This film is special Pia Zadora! When I saw it, I was reminded of the classic Hollywood star animation. She desperately needs another role but is afraid to become a typecast for "B" or soft pornographic roles; he says in her casting session, "Well, I usually do not play roles that require nudity, but if it is technically necessary for the film ... ............ ". This anniversary brought a very distorted picture of similar cartoons showing Biya at such a meeting saying, "Well, I do not usually practice any roles that require actual acting, but if that really gives me enough exposure to reinforce my status as a sex symbol ... ... ". This may be quite unfair. The somewhat cruel story is the fault of Harold Robbins' book. Given the nature of the story, Biya's performances are not necessarily undue attention, and Pia (who once won the Butterfly Performance Award) may deliberately abandon her role instead of trying to act in a role that can hardly be played . Critics first refer to actors as the problem whenever a film proves disappointing, but this is largely unfair; screenwriters and directors are often guilty parties. The real problem with The Lonely Lady is that the script, like the original book, looks for sensation rather than substance, and nothing can help. <br /> <br /> The scenario for this film is very bad, but whether it is possible to film the story more successfully using a better script, more precise guidance and a truly qualified procedure should remain a matter of personal appreciation. When it is released, viewership ratings depend on whether I evaluate my personal opinion, or assess how successful the film is in delivering what it aims to do. My assessment is that it will be two out of ten; but to some extent, this movie may provide exactly what its sponsors mean, and judging this basis would be a quality assessment of four out of ten sensible. In my charitable state, and I want to make it clear that I do not blame my disappointment, I will present the IMDb assessment for four.
