The memory banks of most reviewers here should have a short circuit when trying to remember this gemstone cubic zirconia, because everyone was able to practically highlight Walter Thornton from Lloyd Buschner when he was dying in a fit of rage. A noose on his new wife, Geryl Randall Thornton, (almost an insidious babe of Pia Zdora) who used to sexually assault her earlier in the film ... but I get on my own. In any case, it would have been possible for the poor Lloyd to walk in this line in an audience that does not speak as much as his partner in the show. <br /> <br /> Hard as most of us think, especially these days, no one in Hollywood is starting to make a bad film. This is certainly not a defenseable argument, as there seems to be a lot of them coming out. But again, there are the kind of films one must imagine during the time of its creation, writing, casting and directing, and must be cursed with the cinematic equivalent of trying to photograph during the Ides of March. <br /> <br /> LONELY LADY is in this category and represents itself very well, given the circumstances. Here we have all the ingredients in the guaranteed recipe for the production of souffle fallen memorial: Pia Zadora, a singer / actress marginal designed to be taken seriously, and she will take anything that can distinguish her practically from her peers, (which this film certainly!); Some actors thought they were very lucky to work at all, so they tried to play this cable car like Clifford Odets or Ibsen; in addition to the director who was probably a hired gun She kept the mess moving just to collect a check, (and probably was binding A contractual claim not to use the title "Alan Smithee" to protect the rest of his reputation). Like LIPSTICK from Lamont Johnson, I spit on Meir Zarshi, I spit on your lover, Roger Vadim of Barbarella, Schulgers Paul Verhoeven or the Grandmammy for really bad filmmaking, Momay Driest, Frank Perry, still debating with disgust, awful laughter, or a mix Unique of the three), yet also challenge the dissection or description or even the salted logic of Hollyweird. No one is sure how it happened, how it was released in one theater, or why it is still here and it is almost impossible to get rid of it, but take it or leave it, it is here to stay. I do not think really good BAD lovers will get it any other way.
