Paul Armstrong is a liberal professor, born in Scotland, a Harvard law professor and known for his strong opposition to the death penalty. He was appointed to face the case of Bobby Earl, a black young man from Florida convicted of raping and killing Janie Schreifer, . Earl claims that his confession to the crime was obtained under duress by a Sadie police officer and that the real killer is Blair Sullivan, a serial killer who has already been sentenced to death for several other murders. Armstrong Sullivan is in his cell awaiting execution, hoping to persuade him to confess to the killing of Joey, thus saving Earl from the electric chair. <br /> <br /> Things are going well in the beginning. Sullivan confesses and Earl is released from prison when the appeals court overturns his conviction. Since this development is only slightly after the middle of the film, at this point the alarm bells will start ringing the viewer. "Warning! The major plot twist forward!" This proves. The expected development is coming soon. Earl, as it turns out, is already guilty of the crime that has just been cleared, and possibly of several other people too, but he has devised a satanic plan with Sullivan to secure his freedom; Sullivan will admit the death of Joey if Earl kills his parents. (Just why Sullivan wanted the death of his parents was not explained accurately). Armstrong now finds himself at risk from the man who has just saved his life; Earl has a grudge against Armstrong's wife, herself a lawyer, who served as a case adviser in a previous case when Earl was accused of rape. <br /> <br /> "Just Cause" is an example of cannibalism Hollywood sometimes likes to indulge in and collect a single film by recycling themes and drawing devices from a number of others. The first half owes a clear debt to films such as "The Invader in the Dust" and "The Emulator Killer"; the only difference is that Sheriff, who trumps a confession from Bobby Earl is himself black, while in previous films he would have become white. (Police brutality is now equal opportunity activity). The central twist in the plot was borrowed from the "music box" in Costa Gavras, although in this film the revelation does not occur until the end. The conclusion, in which the lawyer, his wife and their young daughter are at risk from a former client, is a clear impersonation of two versions of Cape Fear, which also occur in the swamps of the South. Ed Harris's description of Sullivan as a religious obsession derived from the Bible is a direct imitation of Robert de Niro's character in the "Cape Fear" version four years ago of Just Cause. Just as "Just Cause" borrowed from many other films, seven years later, the development of its masterplan was, in turn, blatantly rampant in Ashley Judd's "High Crimes" ). <br /> <br /> The problem with this type of filmmaking by numbers is that the resulting films are generally less discriminating than those that inspired them. All is usually much less than the total parts, and "Just Cause" is a film much less than any film that has been dismantled to produce. Harris is usually a talented actor, but this is one of his weakest performances, largely because he does not play a character like playing De Niro in Max Cady's play. Blair Underwood is as good as Bobby Earl (presumed innocent) innocent early viewer, but he is not as convinced as Bobby Earl, the mentally ill killer of others. Sean Connery as Armstrong and Laurence Fishburne as Black Sheriff is better than that, but nothing good enough to save the film. (Connery and Harris were collaborating on another best film, The Rock, the following year). <br /> <br /> There is another problem with Direct Cause. The first half of the film looks like a standard "liberal" film, an anti-death penalty, anti-racist, and critical of heavy police work. The second half looks like a hard reaction, promising a message that all criminals are evil villains, and that the only way to deal with them is to throw them on the chair, that liberal lawyers are the criminal idiots, criminal brothers and that police officers who beat suspects deserve praise as heroes. It seems that the filmmakers were not happy to misrepresent the plot, which was accidentally shown in the middle of their film, had the effect of the opposite of their political position, or if they were aware of the problem they ignored. It was clear that the appropriately twisted plot was more important than political consistency. 10/04
