Well, there you have it, another disappointment on my account. Two, actually! First of all, although I like to think of myself that I know something about exploiting 70 euros for the euro and the most prolific contributors to it, I have never heard of Joseph Sarno before. Here is this man who produced more than seventy horrific and mine-filled exploits and I have not seen a single film! What? why? What happened here? Secondly, even worse, just when you think of finding a new source for obscure cult films, it turns out that the most famous director's "masterpiece" is supposedly a very boring and disturbing film. It is recognized that homosexuality films are a very small sub-species, but some bathe in an atmosphere of foreboding and curiosity (such as José Larraz's "Vampires" or "Girls of Darkness"). Abundant amounts of unexplained nudity and even this becomes somewhat boring. The events take place in an isolated ancient castle, hidden in the depths of the German mountains, where five centuries ago lived a malicious, bloodthirsty beer (literally). Are her faithful disciples still performing naked dance parties in the catacombs of the castle, which are lit by candles in the form of a penis? AUCH, and hope to revive the Baroness anytime soon. Suddenly (do not ask how) the castle is full of young female guests and emitters, so it follows more erotic rites. It looks delicious and entertaining enough, but "The Devil's Plaything" contains a huge number of sequences where nothing literally happens and where the face of the ignorant members of the cast is simply unsolvable! Sarno can not create suspense or build a Gothic atmosphere (or perhaps did not bother himself) and the actors' abilities are limited to standing in front of the naked camera and pulling a pathetic face really. Please provide a service for yourself: no matter how hard you are to watch all the vampire lesbian movies in the seventies, this movie does not deserve a penny! Even my tits Jess Franco and Jean Raulin are a free artist compared to this don.
