Sexo Cannibal, or Devil Hunter, is more popular among English-speaking audiences, with actress and actress Ursula Buchfellner as Ursula Fellner, who tracks the scenes of her new film alongside Jane (Gisela Hahn). After long days of work, Laura is relaxing in her room bathroom when two very suspicious characters, Chris (Werner Puchath) and Thomas (Antonio Mayans), kidnap her after Jane's treacherous help. Laura's client gets a blower to hire hero Peter Weston (the Cleaver) who is aware of the situation. The kidnappers have Laura on an isolated island and demand a ransom of 6 million. Peter was told that $ 200,000 would be paid for safely restored and another 10% of the 6 million if he returned it too, faster than the mice being discharged by Peter's pipe and helicopter pilot his girlfriend in Vietnam Vet Island and decide on how to rescue Laura. So the kidnappers have Laura and Peter with the 6 million but they do not want to hand them over. Just to complicate things more, this isolated island is home to a primitive tribe (hell, in all generations where they lived, they have only managed to build one hut of straw, now this primitive) that worships some dude carnivore beast (Bert Altman) with eyes Swollen as a god with human sacrifice and this cannibal has the admiration of young and white female flesh and intestines ... <br /> <br /> This co-production was produced in Spanish, French and German by the prolific Jesus Franco who also gets credit for music. Sexo Cannibal gained some fame here in the UK, where he was included in the Video Nasties list in the early 1980s under the title Devil Hunter, his alternative, and was thus officially classified as obscene and forbidden, having said that I had no idea why he was a movie Even Franco, who is not afraid to be associated with Turkey, decides he wants to hide under the pseudonym of Clifford Brown. I imagine that more fans of Franco have difficulty defending this thing. Franco's scenario, sorry I mean Clifford Brown and Julian Esteban as Julius Valerie, who was obviously not impressed with the final product and wanted to delete his name, is terrible. It's simple and straight forward as such. The beginning of the film is very boring, it is not true, the kidnapping plot is one of the stupidest I have ever seen without the least amount of tension or excitement, and the horror aspect of things is not improving because we get a big black man with a stupid look bloodshot eyes plus two scenes Tasteless meat. Due to the failure of Sexo Cannibal's horror film, and there is no success in achieving it, this is an adventure that must be avoided. <br /> <br /> Franco shows the usual incompetence all the time, where a broken head is achieved by an extended actor. The ground with large leaves placed around the bottom of his neck to try to give the impression that it is not tied to anything! The cannibal scenes are poor, the traffic lame, and it has countless scenes of people wandering around the forest from "A" to "B" and doing nothing when they arrive there as well. It becomes incredibly boring and boring to see it after about 10 minutes and do not forget that this thing lasts for 94 minutes in its undocumented condition. I must also mention the interesting scene when it is assumed that Claver is climbing a cliff, and this is achieved by Franco turning his camera on his side and after Cleaver crawled on the ground! Just see how he hangs his coat and the way he does not catch anything because he pulls himself! This does not look great. As far as European cannibals are concerned, this is very cool. There are some serious comparisons to cannibals because they chew meat, pierce nails, and there is some blood and a handful. Of the intestines. There is a great deal of nudity in Cannibal Sexo & an unpleasant rape scene. <br /> <br /> Sexo Cannibal must have a low budget and I mean a decrease. This is a lousy, poorly made film with terrible special effects and low rock production values. The only thing to do about it is to create a jungle that seems at least authentic. The music becomes suck and the sound effects are annoying because there is a lot of intense breathing whenever the cannibals are on the screen. Absorbing acting, it was obvious that everything was named anyway, but no one in this thing could act. <br /> <br /> Sexo Cannibal is a terrible movie that commits the deadly mistake of being as boring as hell. The only good things I can say are that they have a flimsy atmosphere, and that the meat close to the eating meat chews is very large. Anyone looking for a decent cinematic experience should give Sexo Cannibal as wide a platform as possible, to avoid it.
