Again in the days leading up to Toxic Avenger, the low-titans Kings of Troma Films attempted to follow a high (well, somewhat low) path to produce straight slanted images. I would like to think that presenting the results here is what convinced them to give up all pretexts and seek a self-conscious parody. <br /> <br /> The Splatter University is another film for the mazushi in the audience. Since it means through two separate actors and countless meaningless sub-points, it becomes painful to watch. Let's see if I can sum it up. <br /> <br /> After learning that a serious mentally ill person has escaped from a local hospital, the procedure moves to a Catholic university (I do not remember the name, but respect for the title), let us call it St. Splatter). The students are rude and cynical, arguing with each other, evading before their time. At the same time, the new professor, Julie Parker, proves that she is completely incompetent in her job. Children deal with relationships, betrayals, unwanted pregnancies, corrupt priests, and how to avoid doing any work in the classroom; Julie deals with her fearsome boyfriend, the inflexible management of San Splatter, counseling unmarried mothers, and her students' expressionless looks. None of them means anything or is resolved in any useful way. Oh, and every time, you shoot a POV and a girl stabs to death, but do not hold your breath waiting for it. There is Red Herring Killer, and then confront the unfortunate with Real Killer, then return to asylum and heart credits. <br /> <br /> It appears that the slow pace and many inaccurate sub-schemas are roughly calculated to produce a heightened sense. Of frustration in the viewer, which is aided by intermittent editing, sound quality of the coffee and meaningless dialogue. The most distressing thing in this film is fixing the killer on women - men in this movie deserve it. I paid good money to see someone off the jerk with his pregnant girlfriend, or Lothario who was con with his roommate, or any of the crowing priests. There is no justice.
