I bought BLOOD CASTLE DVD on eBay for a few bucks I do not know what they were and all I can say is I was not disappointed with this purchase. BLOOD CASTLE is an abandoned European horror film that is almost of a high quality, except for being completely entertaining for all the bad reasons. The opening was worth the price of the DVD: Dr. Ivana's heroine arrives at the castle where a scientist, Baron Dalmar, is supposed to be experimenting with dead tissue. On her way to the castle 1) A man tries to rape Evana. 2) The castle governress fights with it. 3) The maid wants her death. 4) Finally, Baron Dalmar almost spits on her and wants her the next day. Well ... there's something that tells me it's unwelcome. With such miserable access, she believes that Evana will leave the place in a minute in New York, but no, like so many great trash movies, the "hardcore" heroine decides to stay in her place and even enjoy a candlelight dinner with the angry Baron. The same day is full of events. The intro is very trashy (it's bigger than the first few memorable minutes of that Canadian film, Junior) so much that I knew I'd enjoy it. <br /> <br /> But the fun does not end there. Evana is repeatedly anesthetized whenever she goes to bed at night, to wake up from unconsciousness, naked, constrained and tormented in light sessions of S & M by an invisible man. Even after the experience of the nightly S & M sessions, Ivana remains in the castle, completely convinced of the angry Baron that what she suffers is nothing more than dreams. Evana is expected to fall in love with the Baron, even after being treated very badly from the start. Ivana completely ignores anything negative about him, including the obvious fact that Baron's role is popular among young women. All the women in the castle (it seems that the women work there only) love the miserable sadness, which does not mind taking advantage of the beautiful little things. Things get smarter when someone stalks around the estate and kills women (and kills). Basically, the brother of the Baron physically, Igor is responsible for everything. In a long fun scene, the Baron warns that he should not get involved with Evana or else he will suffer the consequences. So what does Baron and Ivana do about it? Well, they marry of course! During the very short wedding, the Baron was shot by an angry local (the father of one of the dead girls). But all this does not deter Ivana, who, among all the dead young women and the torture surrounding them, happily welcomes the wounded Baron as "just a physical wound." They can both continue to enjoy their honeymoon at the castle. Everything quickly turns into a triangle of cataclysmic love of sorts, between Ivana and Baron and Igor. Blame everything on love! <br /> <br /> Anyway, you get the idea: no hidden. Everything is almost ridiculous in this film, when OTT is not, like the peak of expectation, things become boring. But for most of the film, the director or writer discovers an irrationally cruel moment after another. I really love this kind of movies, everything is as clever as hitting a heavy hammer, filled with characters that behave in an illogical way. Even those who have made Retromedia DVD realize it, and when you go to the scene selection section, we hear one of the most cutting-edge episodes of the dubbed film Maddenberg. <br /> <br /> Production values ​​can be beautifully raised. Credits opening and closing, with those candles and red curtains ... ah, soup class. The music sometimes looks like something from Tim Burton, which adds only to the strangeness of everything. As usual, when young women take off their clothes, they only beg to kill. <br /> <br /> As a standard movie, this movie was rated as 2, but "It's Too Bad" is a good 8-star film. If you enjoy trashy movies, please watch this movie. Must see. The only thing left for me to think about: What did that woman take to get out of that terrible castle?
