Note: The spoilers are inside. The appointment of a technical director in the production process is normal and it is imperative that you get a part of the director's thinking. But directing Wagner's opera is a very difficult task, because perhaps he was the most obvious opera composer regarding what things should look like and how they should unfold. Hans-Juergen Seperberg loads this film, "Parsival," Wagner's final masterpiece, with strange ideas enough to cause a burst in the seams. You get more than just a piece of the director: you get the whole salted pork then some. Seiberberg will be admired for his tendency to tear the covers on the ugliest aspects of German history. But are you mixing this desire with the Wagner Opera, which is already full of its own concepts? <br /> <br /> The scenes with the Holy Grail Knights in Acts 1 and 3 are especially loaded with visual and symbolic symbols. It is drawn from Wagner's time, from long time, and beyond. If you know the meaning of these things, they can enrich Syberberg's vision for you (but not necessarily enhance Wagner's vision); if you do not know what they mean, they are simply confusing, if not troublesome. I would not bother canceling the opera plot fee here. Suffice it to say that it is a typical fictional combination of diverse elements, in which case the legend of the Holy Grail is blended with the principles, practices and theatricality of Christianity. The theme of recovery plays the main role here, as is the case in almost every Wagner opera. <br /> <br /> I had to personally explore the first work of Syberberg (in the midst of music delay, music saved today). But the second law picks up the pace. Here we meet Klingsor, the evil magician, in the trap of the "innocent disregard" of the parisival. The greatest glamor of them all, Kundry, will be used to lure him to the dark side. After an initial disappearance with more symbols, these symbols are stripped of their place, and the truly wonderful duo that turns between young idiots and temptation begins. Finally, the film begins to work with real charm, mainly because Syberberg chose to set things naturally and simply. Suddenly acting acting begins (expressionist actress Edith Claver and the soprano of the Yvonne Minton team create a fantastic Kundry); suddenly, the music seems to come alive and make the inner turmoil of the characters live. The camera stays simple and quiet. In other words, Wagner is allowed to tell his story more on his own terms. It works beautifully. For me it was the most attractive part of the film. <br /> <br /> With the return of the cavalry in Part 2 of Chapter III, strange alien coexistence coexists with regret. Some other Sieberberg's futile ideas: using Wagner's massive death mask as a major masterpiece (leading to the emergence of a perceptively large composer's intubation hose); kneeling the knights of Chapter III in all kinds of costumes, wigs, and makeup (what the director says? Of the margins? And that they express multiple or timeless layers beyond their surface functions? It is guessing anyone); insertion? After the incredibly influential baptism of Kundry by Parsifal? From the rear projection shots of the conductor, who is training, in modern realism, Orkstra in the studio (pick up my entire dramatic string, which takes a few minutes to regroup); avoid any time between the second and third work (when we meet the rider and the "narrator" Again, you must be an old man, and Parsifal must reappear as a weary middleman of the old man world); but surely the most unusual stroke is the division of Parsifal personality into male / female components. Some find this stroke the brightest. No doubt I can thank Karen Crick, who plays the role of Parsifal 2, in the representation of strength and dignity (which happens to be the best accompaniment of all lips). But please ... Wagner's perception of Parsifal is already very complex. His growth from a completely innocent boy who knows nothing about his past, to his stunning realization in the second chapter of what the eternal wound of Amfortas and how he became his property means to his return as the great Savior of the Third Law? This is a journey of a built character. Focus on sex is just a gimmick. (And what about this nonsense about the homogeneous Gormans and Parisval? Can not we accept a mentor / trainee relationship, which was beautifully reflected in the third chapter?) <br /> <br /> The Monte Carlo Philharmonic under Armin Jordan plays with passion and beauty (though The chorus is disappointing). But after watching this movie, I just wanted to register the Solti-led recording (highly recommended) and get the Wagnerian bearings directly. For me, the experience of the film ranged from strangeness to amusement to anger. Thanks to Syberberg, he has created a radical work, and he definitely offers a unique opera opera. But instead of sticking to the "Parsifal", it seems that he wanted to bring all things to the Wagnerian: man, life, enormous influence ... all in a symbolic raw symbol. The opera "Parsifal" is already filled with the symbol of gravity: the chalice, the spear, the sacraments, baptism, the constantly bleeding wound of Amfortas, the self-castration of Klingsor, Kiss, Condrie's curse, and so on. Not to mention that the * symbol * music * consistently appears in the result, in the form of Wagner's obsessed system. "Parsifal" itself is one huge symbol! Returning to my question about the first paragraph, the whole Saiberberg pig is a lot to me. But if this project sounds like something that tickles your imagination, look for it. I would not recommend staying away from this; you may find yourself willingly satisfied. Or if you need something to break the Wagner barrier, try ... but please, please, do not stop here. "Parsifal" is a late, very mature university of its own.
