I fully understand that there is no statistical data that easily supports the relationship between video games and real violence in life. The film is wrong and fake because it completely contradicts itself, and that's what I tried to emphasize in my original assessment. The film failed, not necessarily because I really think these children were influenced by video games, but because the film is "random" and does not follow. Let me clarify. In Aileen: Life and Death of Serial Killer, you can see her claims about the police and its control by radio waves is ridiculous, yet it is very turbulent, but she really believes it is true. The viewer can make a distinction however. On the day of zero, the children still say how they are not affected by anything environmental, which is clearly wrong because everything they do is contrary to this. New Nazism, talk about continuing to CNN with Wolf Blitzer (which is laughable not only because they know his name, but a shameful attempt by the director to get coverage for his bad film) ..etc. This film does not portray "reality", it shows nothing but understanding to prove the existence of a point. Unfortunately, I fell because of the taste and did not see this and did not pick it up from my evaluation either. The entire film takes Michael Moore's hypothesis and applies it to "real life" in the hope of validation and failure, not necessarily because the premise is wrong, but because the film is wrong and does not support it. Of course I do not think that children playing video games are more likely to kill people, but if I am not mistaken, there is no video of Colombian children (or some teenage killers) shooting in the forest claiming how they appeared or acted like weapons in death? Hmmmmmmm, the distinction is that children are most likely familiar with the media, affected, but obviously they are balanced or smart enough so it is not a problem. The movie Zero Day is a bad film, not because I really think that there is a relationship list, but because the film maker does not know what he is trying to say, the film does more to refute his point of view and then support it. It seems as if the new ratings for video games have angered someone, so they have come to a "zero day" retaliation. If you want to see the theory of the "non-irrational" adolescent killer starting from the right, go to Bully.
