This review applies to the generally available movie clip called "Wolf Fury". I understand that there is a unbroken version of the additional footage, I hope to contain at least eight or nine important scenes appear to be missing from the section known as "Wolf Wrath". In short, the film makes no sense at all. It's totally nonsense, and nonsense is incomprehensible. <br /> <br /> Valdemar Daninsky, the striking counterfeiter portrayed by Paul Nashchi in a seemingly endless series of films, appears to be an ordinary man who has just returned from a trip to Tibet, where he was attacked by the Yeti. Somehow this turned him into a werewolf. Daninsky is a doctor and scientist and in what seems to be a college. One of his colleagues, Ilona Elman, is involved in the mysterious form of hypnosis ... "Chemistry", a nonsense word used to refer to a set of wires tied to the victim's head. Elman feels that this will enable her to "change the direction of the human brain", enabling her to rule the world, provided she can make us all connected to those wires without any problem. <br /> <br /> Elmann is also a wolves, because she kidnapped Daninsky and takes him to her hidden laboratory. She has a bunch of other people trapped there. Some of them resemble Roma, and are restricted, in different cases of clarity. Others are clearly hippies. Elman feels that one day she may be able to "help them to be human again" (?), But at the same time control them in their chemical behavior. Valdemar becomes a successful hairy man, wandering around like a starved zombie - until the directors decide to use footage taken from the Nazi film The Bloody Frankenstein (Do not Ask), and at this point the wolf's ascetic makeup changes greatly and moves like an animal. <br /> <br /> Is this logical? No? Hassan. This is a movie saving grace. Do not try to involve you in any kind of intellectual level, but it goes as fast as possible with any nonsense dialogue or cheap horror film sets that can mobilize them. "Fury of the Wolfman" may be the best movie of the Halloween party ever. You definitely do not need to pay attention to it, in fact if you do it, you'll be puzzled by your order.
