I've seen this small composition for the first time recently, on a DVD that seems to be everywhere these days, and I've been so touched that I can not contain myself. For those who have not seen this Mexican importation morally miserable, and want to watch it without being biased by anyone else desperate, there is undoubtedly a major spoiler in the following. So if you're one of those reckless individuals, stop reading right away and go see it yourself. If you are drunk early enough, you may be lucky enough to leave before you finish. <br /> <br /> Start by assuming that a man may become starved after being bitten by a ytti. No one in the film explains how this type of implantation occurs across species, and the rest of the film is hopelessly meaningless. But pour yourself another cup of wine (or anything you drink), and let's move on. <br /> <br /> Paul Nasche (our man with a werewolf) has the appearance of a man fighting toothache in a town where a dentist only traded his Novocaine supplies in a cheap whiskey case and has been drunk ever since. (Is not that the lucky one?) Naschi never changes in the face, whether inside or outside make-up, and it seems he has not been given any training on how to act like a liar. Sometimes trying to imitate Lon Chaney Jr. , But most of the time simply wandering around in his black Mafia shirt, just like another gorgeous man with many facial hair. To be fair, makeup is better than the actor inside, but the continuity is much worse. Naschy is the only one I can think of that changes shirts twice in the middle of a walk around. Moves from black shirt to red shirt, then back to black, then back to red, then back to black, all in one hectic night. It is interesting that he always performs channery while wearing the red shirt, and walking beautifully while wearing the black shirt. Only when wearing a red shirt do we see much of the anger that is hinted at in the title. There is supposed to be something about this red shirt that the animal comes out of just. <br /> <br /> So, however, after being bitten by cross-fertilization, the poor Shadagak returns home from Tibet to learn that his wife has slept with one of his students. The illegal lovers try to kill him by adjusting the brakes on his car. He survives the debris, and makes him at home in time for the entire moon. Then, after chewing his wife and her lover, he wanders around again and somehow runs the electric shock. But is that enough? Can they leave this miserable miserable in comfort? Not an opportunity. It was sent by a supposed scientist with a fetish S / M hardcore, known as the "doctor" (and certainly not a new embodiment of the doctor who). She dug him up and took her to her strange castle, and brought him down to the cell, and climbed him to the wall, and gave him good skin. It is assumed that such a series of insults must be sufficient to put a little anger in any wolf player. <br /> <br /> After his two-tailed ride, our wolf spends most of the rest of the movie wandering around the castle, trying to find a way out. (And who can blame him?) While roaming, he faces an incoherent variety of clichés, including a man wearing a medieval shield, and the astonishingly obscure Phantom of the opera (supposed to be the doctor's father) - party cadres of Slavery slaves. <br /> <br /> So what is it about, one might ask reasonably? One has the vague impression that it has to do with mind control and contains something the doctor calls "chemically". (Best guess, I have no idea how to type it, if there is such a thing). Fortunately, the experience ends in failure and, most importantly, it ends ... before you have time to stage your leg. <br /> <br /> Of course, one does not really expect any such film, but at least it should be useful for laughter. This is not the case. Forget it, friends. There is a kind of creeping chaos around this film, from its patchy atmosphere to each other, to its horrible cinematic atmosphere and stunning musical result, which defies even the most deadly attempts to get any kind of MST3K. If not so good, what the hell? If Montezuma can be digitally retaliated and put it on a DVD, it will look exactly like this movie.
