"La Furia del Hombre Lobo" is a stand-alone story that does not seem to fit into the previous films by Valdemar Danensky. Some commented that it was supposed to be shown before the "Werewolf Shadow" events, although it was released later ... They may be right, I'm not sure. In any case, in this film, Valdemar Danensky bites a creature similar to that in Tibet (a great dialogue here - "It was yet, but this is impossible.) I am a scientist, and these things do not exist. That he has a Pentagram, but he is able to prevent change to a wolf to find out that his wife was cheating on him. When he turns to the beast one night, he kills her and her lover before it explodes in the storm and gets electrocuted. Not long before being emitted by a university professor in dominatrix he conducts some unrestricted experiments by controlling the mind. He is escorted to the underground cellar where the subjects of these experiments live as chained chains. <br /> <br /> First of all - Jacinto Molina, Paul Naschy, everything you want to call him, he's fine actor and passionately interested in his work. No matter how flawless these films are, you can always count on it for decent performance. The rest of the crew looks good enough, but it's hard to tell when they have a half-drilled mdbalij sound on all of their lines. That was the main problem for me ... Many of the artists who used the audio over the Internet were horrifying, terrifying, terrifying. The more she laughed during the film, the more inefficiently they delivered their lines (they always referred to the hero as "Waldman"). But unfortunately, it is almost impossible to find translated versions of Naschy films, although they are sometimes available in the original language without translation. <br /> <br /> Jose Jose Zabalza's production seems to be a kind of temptation and frustration. There are some great visual ideas in some scenes, while others are poorly constructed and poorly edited, especially in the final scenes when it's important . The reason for this, is that Zabalza was apparently drunk most of the time while in the group. He allowed his 14-year-old nephew to rewrite the Molina dialogue, used the additions without his permission, and made several shots of Molina's previous films. All this greatly spoiled any opportunity this film had to be one of Molina's best works, and it is not surprising that the two work together again. <br /> <br /> But this is not bad news, as there are some good ideas here. Some aspects of the story offer an interesting psychological drama with the waswolf as a metaphor for jealousy and anger. The idea of ​​"The Werewolf as a Yeti" is the idea that returned to Molina's work later on. Some horrible and surreal things continue in the basement, and there is also an almost unforgettable sequence where Daninsky runs from house to house across a village, slaying or harassing innocents while he goes - one particularly intense scene, but in fact extracted directly from Molina First, "La Marca del Humper Lobo" with some other shots. I found that the film is generally very enjoyable, although there are some problems with Front Row Entertainment, such as the very clear tracks (although some may simply be because of the director's lack of continuity). Gods knows existing omissions - I will most likely try to put my hands on the unpolished version at some point in the future. <br /> <br /> This is a generally decent piece of Naschy which may be admired by experienced fans I enjoy, but it could have been much better and probably would not offer a wonderful introduction.
