Frankly, I had no idea that B.I.G (Bert Gordon's director, not the rapist slain) was still active in the eighties! I always assumed that the incompetent "empire of ants" was the last brilliant achievement of this kind of horror, but that was before my small hand stumbled over the old VHS and dust from "The Coming," a mysterious and totally unknown game of magic Actually a pleasant surprise more or less! What began as a story in the air apparently in the late dark ages soon takes a ridiculous turn when a villager moves from 1692 inexplicably to this day in Salom, Massachusetts and immediately attacks a girl at the Museum of History. As you can see, this girl is the embodiment of Anne Putman who was a wicked and well-intentioned girl in 1692 and falsely accused more than twenty people of witchcraft that led to their execution in the state. The man who attacked Lauren lost his wife and daughter and wanted his late revenge. But poor and three-year-old Lauren is just an innocent schoolgirl, ?? Or is she? "Burned at the Stake" is a mix between "The Exorcist" and "Witchfinder General" with a small part of "The Time Machine" that was well put out. The way to go, Bert! The plot becomes smarter and more rational with each new development, but at least it never goes to full boredom, as is always the case in other contemporary magic films such as The Dunwich Horror and The Devonsville Terror. The film jumps back and forth between the events of the present and the memories of the past 1692; keeping it amusing and fast-paced. Anne Boettman is a wonderful character who reminds us of Abigail Williams in the most famous play in The Crucible (as portrayed by Winona Ryder in 1996). There is a series of gentle death sequences, such as a teacher in a graveyard or a journalist in the library, committed by a venerable veneration spectator who has signed an agreement with Anne Putman and perhaps even Satan himself. The film becomes very convoluted and totally ridiculous near the end, but overall there is some good cheese fun that we should enjoy. In addition, the least you can say about Bert I. Gordon is that he has certainly built some mentoring competencies over the years.
