Wes Craven, you laugh ... at our expense. The Red Eye plot is feasible ... We are in front of a man who apparently spent 8 weeks watching a girl, then appeared at an airport behind her, flirting and successfully negotiating, walking around in a seat beside her in a two-seat space, When you check in?) They are nice in mountainous during a painful build-up. Then, as soon as he arrives in the air, in a boxed place surrounded by strangers, he immediately begins to threaten the predator, if he is highly competent, Rachel McAdams and quickly say, "We got my father, we did what I said, or we got it." Well, forgive me, but they did not have her father already ready to slaughter well long before boarding on the plane, so it would not be simpler, so it was easy to simply take off Gallo. Outside the street and terrorized in a room somewhere, forgetting the complex and unsafe plot of the father, pulling her nails or anything so they made a "call" all the important required? Or even - because these are the movies and we need some unrealistic transformations - keep the stupid thing in your dreams intact if you should, but wear his clothes better so that you hold him in a harmful way until the complicated plot is completed some sense, without the plane collapsing? Instead, without wanting to look like a terrorist / killer of actual thought, the big bazookas used in, for example, a motorway car, , From a fishing boat (consider, as we already know, that security in Miami is permissive, so they will rush)? I know, I know, more fun watching a beautiful girl for 8 weeks, stealing her parents' house to steal his wallet (which is somehow transferred - star flight style - from Miami to Texas right away) for - perhaps - arrange it for a politician to change the hotel room , And, well, there's a thousand something that might happen wrong here, each of which destroys the big plan altogether, so why not reduce the ingredients to a reasonable bunch, such as - 1. bazooka. 2. Car. 3. Boom! I spent 50 minutes by car from the cinema highlighting the abundance of faults and stupid torsions with Hitchcockian Cod, which unfortunately was the best fun to experience a complete regret. As for the security at Miami airport ... we have a crazy and violent girl who seems to be running away from an airplane, being chased by the police who are sitting in pursuit of coffee, moving to another place to read a magazine in a bar, and then running like crazy again up and down the entire station. Even now Cillian Murphy is crazy (without CCTV then? - I had pulled me guns for parking in the wrong place for 10 seconds at Miami airport two years ago). So instead of talking to the police - her allies - or getting a bellows in the box direct contact to her father to warn him that his life is in danger, McAdams instead prefers to steal people from a family at the front airport airport (calling the damned security ...) To the house of the father, shear down the assassin with the car in the front garden of the house, in the district watch the rich neighborhood, crush the front porch in the process - a job that actually a little wake up Dad from the afternoon nap, after about a minute, In the registry with neighbors who are not curious to some extent, thus ensuring another 15 minutes To hide and search for rioters while running around the duo Holodyk home wide. Dohhh, it's really painful to keep thinking about everything - Cillian (surely renamed Silly 'un un to do it?) Turns ugly from an ice-murderer to a crazy, unyielding (and incompetent) killer in the end, The killer is theoretically burdensome human life ah, allowing the father to live so he can watch his daughter cook a goose. You'd better stop, because the stream of the drivel that I write here should appear unformatted like the Red Eye text. If Mrs. McAdams was not allowed access to the plane in the first place, the address could be changed from "red eye" to "no eye, dear". RR
