There are moments in this unique caricature of pure beauty, but in general is not very good. Limited animation will limit the design of characters and the standard background of the overall market appeal. The design of the characters is similar to the original Star Wars Clone Wars and Kim Possible from Disney (Brendan, the main character in this figure also forbids a strange resemblance to Ron Stoppable in Kim Possible). The background design is as far from cute and depressing as elegant and exquisite, According to today's standards, overall is still poor and cheap appearance. Many backgrounds resemble Eastern European or North Eastern animation of the mid-eighties, nice in their own way but for the masses of modern children, accustomed to the harsh CG celebrations and dogs talking with every piece of fur on their bodies swaying in the wind, it is sure to disappoint. The story is not very attractive, and many of the vocal actors are not overly influential, and Brendan Gleason, who is usually fantastic, seems to speak for him. There are also a few secondary characters that appear in a slightly vulgar and stereotypical image. However, some characters are good, the Viking bad guys, although insufficient use is done well and ends precisely in both shape and sound. There is one moment involving the main character and his mentor being saved by wolves from the Viking attack which has been placed very well. The look and feel also seemed to be very inspired by Watership Down's film, including the Rude Ritual / Honor to Ghost Rabbit of Inlay. The appearance is clearly inspired by the expensive art / Celtic / Anglo Saxon, so if you are in these subjects, you may be attracted to its appearance. The film also contains moments of very well-structured shots that lead the eye in a very artistic way, including a beautiful game cut and a massive Viking attack that is very moody and impressive. The best thing about music is that so much of the background music is full of movement and movement, specifically the girl's spiritual song is really beautiful and poignant and works well with the pictures it covers. If the whole movie is as poetic as this moment (and tries), it will be a very beautiful and poetic film unfortunately it is still not possible to reach a wide audience, but instead it is a shame that it will not reach a wider audience because most of it is average-looking Cheap and not in line with modern animation standards. In general, the film has clearly divided my mind in many ways, but it is not wonderful but worth watching for music, song, and sometimes beautiful or sometimes frightening moments. Oh yeah, it seems that the cat lives for a long time, I'm not sure how it was possible.
