Chris Rock deserves better than giving himself the "back to earth". Under the guidance of the Chris and Paul Witz brothers of the famous American Pie, this new version of Warren Canetti's 1978 film "Heaven Can Wait," a rewording of 1941 entitled "Here Comes Mr. Jordan" Hateful humor won by Chris Rock Emmy for the first HBO special. As expected, it comes from words I swear from the ground up, but consciously avoids the word F. Anyone who saw this talented American-African comedian in "The Fatal Weapon 4" or "The Creed" or "The Nurse Betty" Laughter with the word "P" over Martin Lawrence and Eddie Murphy. Unfortunately, although there are a few eminent personalities, "Down To Earth" reaches the bottom as an intriguing comedian and an unlikely romance between races. <br /> <br /> "Down to Earth" completely destroys any good intentions called by Weitz born brothers with their total face "American Pie". This self-serving leadership is an intriguing and confusing comedy with a completely unpopular blind love story. Unfortunately, there are more than qualified representatives including "The Full Monty" Mark Addy, Chazz Palminteri of "Analyze This", "Eugene Levy" of SCTV, and newcomer Brian Rhodes as Charles Wellington, Jr. " Roles are superficial. Hardcore Rock fans will no doubt accuse their favorite comedian of trying to fix something that has never broken. "Down To Earth," written by Lance Lance Crouter, Ali Le Roy, Louis CK and rock star Chris Crissol, is riding a day bike in Big Apple and exploding in the night theater at the famous Apollo Theater in Harlem. Poor Lance Barton (Chris Rock) suffers from intense fear. However, his philanthropic director, Whitney Daniels (Frankie Fison of "Hannibal") clings to him through thick and thin. After Lance learns that the Apollo Theater will have a wonderful night at the end of an amateur night, he pleads with Whitney to bring him to the lineup. Excuse me, but if Lance had such a deadly comic attitude, why would Apollo continue to call him back? Meanwhile, fate has something else in the Lance shop. As he rode his bike to his house on his bicycle, our protagonist saw a beautiful lady, Sontee (Regina King of "Jerry Maguire"), crossing the street, but he could not see the bus that was hitting him and killing him. Hit! Lance Barton rises toward the sky with a halo of wreath around his head. In Heaven, which resembles a nightclub for a cruise ship, Lance learned that an overly enthusiastic angel, Mr. Keyes (Eugene Levy of "Stay Tuned"), had spent the time of his death 40 years ahead of schedule. <br /> <br /> Heavenly honcho Mr King (Chazz Palminteri of "Analyze This"), the right-hand man of God, apologizes and escapes Lance back to earth. The obstacle is that Lance can not recover his body, so he must inhabit another body. The best that Mr. Keys can achieve is Charles Weltington, a 60-year-old ruthless tycoon. Wellington's daughter-in-law Amber (Jennifer College of the American Pie) and his unscrupulous personal assistant Winston (Greg Germain of Sweet November) just tried to poison him. Reluctantly, before the Wellington body fades, Lance accepts it as a loan so Keys can locate the most suitable body. Meanwhile, Lance and Wellington face Sonty again. She is a nurse activist protesting his decision to privatize a community hospital in Brooklyn that serves the poor. While Regina King brings a lot of charisma to her role as a crusader health care worker, she plays a character that transcends the trusted motive in her affairs with Wellington. Although he is no longer black, Lance is not only trying to attract Sontee's attention but also to win the Apollo Festival. <br /> <br /> "Down To Earth" features rock music in its most unusual role. The comedic reason to make this movie seems doubtful. He reportedly had lunch with Warren Betty and told Betty that he liked the original text of the Elaine May script for Betty. At first, Betty tried to circumvent the race himself in his own novel by trying to portray Mohammed Ali as starring in "Heaven Can Wait." The deal faltered, and Betty released the film himself. According to Rock, his colleagues have long been involved in his book and believe they can "exterminate" this classics. In addition, he justified his choice of "Heaven Can Wait" based on his philosophy "do something you can only do when it's hot." Earlier, Rock rejected a text about a bus load from the rapper rapper because he had seen little chance to extend his picture on such a picnic. As a comedian in "Down to Earth", Rock does not extend his image as much as it makes it worse! This half-baked musical film with an annoying plot does a lot to revive his comic reputation as does the Fitz Brothers! You know that a movie about a comedy is in a deplorable state when a scene is played in a nightclub so you can not hear jokes, just laugh. Similarly, the selection of Mark Addie as a servant in Wellington speaks English to the Queen but is in fact common from Michigan, also challenging logic. Ady is a real English man, and he does not have to decorate his accent; his tone is real. The main downfall of "Down to Earth" is the character-like switch, so the characters appear so that Chris Rock will not disappear completely for more than a few seconds. Although Chris spends half of the film as a white man, Wellington, but viewers see him largely as a lance, reducing the comic paradox to watch his balmy film, Bald's Head, Caucasian White, and altering the ego-spinning humor and offensive hip-hop lyrics. Incredibly, Rock served as executive producer of the film and one of his four books. The puzzle is how such a great talent can get rid of such a strange and misleading comedy. About the only feature of the "Down to Earth" recovery is the outstanding result of the Jamsheed Sharifi Orchestra.
