I think "best times" was a lost cause from the start. Initial premise (the man drops a successful landing pass against a rival sub-team, he can not seem to overtake him, then tries to reunite the two teams to play again) is one of the dumbest I have heard. Since Ron Shelton went to write much better sports movies, I wonder if there's more to that. I hope this film is not green with Shelton's presentation of the story as I wrote above. <br /> <br /> So we have the hypothesis. By moving there, you may think, or meditate, that there may be some transitions along the way to keep things alive. There is no such luck. This script follows all the cliches that can be predicted. There is no moment in this film. You will not see a single mile before the film unfolds and ends ... Well, if you can not see the end of the first roll, you no longer care or watch any other sports movie in your life. <br /> <br /> Robin Williams and Kurt Russell starred in the lead. Williams is a poor schmo who dropped a big pass and Russell is a quarterback who threw a crucial pass. J: Do you think Russell will turn again to see if he and Williams can correct the mistake that the town has never forgotten? This lame duck comedy with a lame duck scenario so one can shake their heads just wondering what it might be. Sure, there are some chuckles, and to be honest, there is a really funny scene. Williams and Rosell suffer from marital problems and invite wives to dinner to eat things. No one realizes that they were invited on Monday, and yes, on Monday night the football is on. Given that the two teams are playing one win, the men (Williams in particular) are resisting the temptation to see how the game is going. The scene melts in some hilarious bits as Williams goes to check the result by visiting the bathroom as a trick. When he returns he coughs the result for Russell. As Russell began moving the movements to his wife Williams, he moved the television to their views from another room. <br /> <br /> It's an inspiring and funny scene in a film that is often uninspiring.
