The empty choice is one of the children's movies that could have been a great suspense story for kids, but rather a lame hamburger at home alone and not worth it. Quigley is a criminal who escaped from prison and got millions of hidden dollars from a great degree and then we meet with Preston, a frustrated child who took his brothers to his room to start a business. Obviously my father treats his brothers better because they make money on the same day, go to a child's birthday party , Because his father is cheap, he rides young children while the other children go on roller coasters, then receives a birthday card, and checks $ 11 How cheap is this family? So go to the bank to open an account and meet the wonderful Stanley Xia was her parents meet fans? He discovers that he needs 200 to open an account. At the same time, Kigli gives his millionaire to his banker and discovers that the bills are marked until he sends a specific juice in his name to get those unmarked when Preston leaves his bike by Quigley. Is about to write a check when police discover the nails at home and his parents scolded him for his bike busted and swinging what? Their son almost ran and worried about the bike? So Preston collects a $ 1 million check from his computer and returns only to be taken to the bank, believing it is a juice that gives Preston money but the real juice came and realized that they had been cheated by a child! So Preston buys a palace under the name of Macintosh, gets a limousine driver who says unwanted jokes and goes on an epic shopping trip, then finds Shea and talks about opening a child account that you downloaded when you talk about opening an account? We soon realized that Xia was actually an FBI agent tracking Keagle and his other partners. Then he told his cheap father that he got a job at the Macintosh, spent a day riding, going carting and meeting his limo driver. Going out on a date with Shea in a fancy restaurant, what's a 10-year-old winner and deals with 20 FBI agents? He then takes her to a man in the street and plays in the water wearing a $ 300 Shea dress, but she takes it well if it is rather realistic and she slaps it to the mess of her very expensive dress, while others are still questioning a young boy and soon dropping beans and chasing Preston By Quigley in a scene taken from the original text and subsequent words hosted by Mac OS X birthday when he discovers he can not pay for the concert where the president and father sit down to the MacIntosh who does not know that his son is talking to him and talking about Preston, Be a real child and advance his childhood b Full and wants Preston to come home early What? An hour ago you were questioning him about his finances! So Preston asks everyone to leave and sit alone when Kigli and the others scramble home in order to push Preston and then face in the end. Kigli is torn apart at home in a ball while Preston drives a car that infects the hip groove and entails more exoticism to break the Preston trio. Xia gets lost and comes a bunch of SWAT men to save the day and so Quigley and his crew are sent to jail but there is no hope for Priston and Xia? There are kisses in the lips what? What? What? A grown woman accepted a child in the lips. Come on, is he mentally handicapped? I mean an FBI agent who knows that the country's laws will risk her career to kiss a child? Can be captured immediately! The most wonderful part of it all is that it's not goodbye and you'll see it within 6 or 7 years! Dear, so he returns to his family to celebrate his birthday, so the moral of the story is the love and respect that can be bought? What do they smoke? The bottom line is that this is a waste of time the morality is destroyed it's flat as a child tortilla nasty nasty lame comic comic is not funny and fraternal brother is undesirable The worst is that the romantic sub-plot creepy shallow plot and the only grace in saving is the filming of Bill Bell Who continued filming triple arrays and two Spider-Man movies so people do not waste your money and go to watch the house on their own. <br /> <br /> This was a review by Samuel Franco.
