Two years ago, at the Berlin Film Festival, we saw Amos Kollek's "Sue" in Panorama, with Anna Thompson in the lead. It is a film about unity and sex, and how the other is compensated by the other. In the same section of the festival now, we have to complain of the unnecessary antithesis of Sue, "the extension of du Domaine de la Lotte", which is now trying to convince us that loneliness and not having sex is the same problem. Unfortunately, we can not empathize with our "hero" (how the storyteller calls it), because he is unnecessarily tired and incomprehensible from the company and himself. Special error, I'm sorry. I can not understand it is not enough, the writer / director / actor wants us to admit it, that he has no destructive self consciousness or negative personality, what made him yet, but the corrupt society and his sexual image. Yes, there are some deeper ideas about gender relations, but we will not follow it yet... What is meant here is that there is rather evidence of some part of his destiny, without sex. Who has not noticed yet, it's a very frustrating film ... <br /> <br /> At first, there were some beginnings to be more accurate in drawing the situation. In the bed shop, the "hero" talks about the obstacles to buying a new bed. Maybe lying on the stairs is too wide, you should stay at home half a day ... This spelling about a character does not know taking life and heart in your hands, doing something ... The film does not follow this path, but addresses its characters helplessly. No one believes that "our hero" is capable of inciting Tesserand to murder. Very boring, very cute, too - negative (not to mention the complex Tisserand; he has discouragement, but he can not be, of course, women's killer!). In the end: there are women and the world, it is not a tool for a modern sexual society. Help you as much as you can, but do not follow the messages and "wisdom" of this film, which declares the bankruptcy of human relations, without taking over real conflicts at home.
