For anyone who likes predictable movies with awesome soundtrack, lack of dialogue, and clichés in wazoo, as well as stereotypes that just happen to be typical of an American film, do not look any further. DreamWorks wanted to save money when he got a voice talent, or he really wanted to create a moving episode from National Geographic; in both cases they managed to make a nice and somewhat boring film. Stallion of the Cimarron is a cavity festival that sends mixed signals to children and adults, and also fails to entertain despite the gentle idea of ​​animals that triumph over humans. After looking past the wonderful animation, the rest you have is nothing but a big mess. <br /> <br /> The soul revolves around a halo that seems to have been a handful since the beginning of the film, because it is a horse that can not be tamed, calmed or controlled. For this reason, he rises and becomes the leader of his group of high-spirited horses, which includes his mother. But his life of freedom and running suddenly stops when he was captured by a group of Americans in the process of tying the wild west to the rest of the country. During this, Spirit (almost never named in the entire film) endorses a brave American citizen, a fellow horse, and also has a lot of running with the cynical and cruel army men who do not seem to believe in giving in. <br /> <br /> Why should you combine movies between computer and traditional animation? It is a bit intertwined, something that has also excited him. The best example of this is that the train is chasing the soul. The hand-drawn spirit works from a computer train. It would be much better if one or another, but not both; unless you can really pull out some nice effects. The famous Beauty and The Beast dance sequence uses computer animations, but it is not near the train or snow in this film. The opening sequence was the best part of the film, a kind of sadness to see the rest of the film slip slightly in terms of quality. A small scene has several times; I mean multiple shots similar to just a general, frequent and very disturbing in my opinion. <br /> <br /> Children may enjoy this click, but with no dialogue, song, or motivation, this may be a perfect technique for making children sleepy. Although Disney is criticized for its musical performances, it is more entertaining than a more realistic approach to a story like this one. Brian Adams has no place in this film, and why does Hans Zimmer stay away from using a Western theme in this film, when a story is going on in the Old West? The soundtrack sounds a bit off if you ask me. At least they use realistic noise for horses, two points for that. However, if you will refrain from talking about horses, then why cut off the narrator every time, which happens to be the main character himself? <br /> <br /> Native Americans are nice, the West Americans are evil people, killing the mother, torturing the horse, sterile monsters, mentally disturbed must be destroyed. More or less, that is what the soul shows us. They reach a point where they try hard to hinder travelers in the wild west; they even had a scene of several horses pulling a huge train up a hill, and another scene destroying a whole village of indigenous people. Now, the person the spirit has encountered in his betrayal has come across on more than one occasion, but this can be forgiven, because he apparently is not a soldier; or because he has a rude female horse. <br /> <br /> The soul is not a victim to whom we should be sorry; the viewer is supposed to sympathize with Spirit, despite being exposed to his whole set of horses, causing corruption, and may lead to some extra-screen deaths , Soul in trouble! This film gets a great rhythm, as we see in many cases, the escape of the soul from the chains, kicking people around, destroying property, freeing the horses, and then capturing them again --- all in the same order. The writers also seem to have an obsession with the slopes because they are spread throughout the film; for Old West, they certainly have very little space to roam around. <br /> <br /> Bottom line: This is definitely not a Disney film, in fact, it's bad, although it was what they were aiming for. So, instead of the usual musical film, we get boring film that is predictable, tedious and slow in many cases. Even decent animations become inconsistent when computer work is put up. Everything about this film was wrong; from the ideals that were then Americans who were not their native citizens, they were from the evil batons, to the soundtrack and the musical result that seemed out of reach. Kill Bill Volume. 2, which has little to do with the old West, has a more Western feeling of this film. Do you prefer yourselves and go through all the necessary means. thank you.
