It's nice to see the likes of Oliver Stone, Brian de Palma, Al Pacino, and even Michelle Beaver make a huge piece of film junk. It's good to see rich and "successful" people wasting their time in one of the most memorable, blackmailing, and pathetic movies of all time. This film is the worst Hollywood event. <br /> <br /> What's this? Is based on a true story. Well, they start with some basic news footage and the facts they read in the USA today. But then, the film leaves a fictional world and a "Cuban" refugee that he makes in the sub-American drug culture; a kind of Rocky on cocaine. Is it a film about Cuba or Cubans? For my life, I do not think there is a single Copa in this film. Accents are quite fake, and the scene with Antonio's mother looks like a poster of American values ​​in the Midwest. The whole scene looks like something from Dick Van Dyck's show. Is this film about Miami? It looks more like L.A. Transport in Florida. After that, the palm tree is a palm tree. Is this a romantic novel. The relationship between Pacino and Pfeiffer is very clear from getgo, and there is no single possibility that these two persons can care about each other. Is this a drug movie? Well, no issues of obsession or addiction were mentioned. The behavior of actors after the coke line is not different from drinking water. Admittedly, acting is terrible. <br /> <br /> Let's get to the rest. The music is disgusting and sounds like Latin music lifts or something from Laurence Wilk's show. I think I heard Polka? The camera's work is lousy with a lot of motion jacks and much more than can ever be effective. Obviously the budget for photography was excessive. The sound is bleached in a number of locations, and the dialogue appears to have been in the repository. The writing is awesome. This is one of those films where the script itself is written. Your groove is made from a vulgar piece of dialogue to the next, each of which pays the plot like a brick bag. <br /> <br /> So I will ask, is this a movie? It can be a two-and-a-half hour drama series. But at least the drama series has a kind of focus. Maybe it's just a bunch of bad-behaved scenes registered together. Whatever, film or not, is a piece of crap.
