This contains vandals. <br /> <br /> I rarely saw an incredible film like this one. And being French, they are trying to depth by being opaque? There is nothing really logical. <br /> <br /> Gay Léo has just announced at breakfast to his family that he is infected with HIV. The younger brother, Marcel, did not eat breakfast, and the first thing the family does is to be 12 years old and younger than being told. Maybe he was four or five years old, but at twelve? The first thing that is absolutely incredible is that the family does not even ask about where or how the virus got, how long did it last? Nothing asks. They are only concerned about Marcel's discovery. This is a family very close to the province, but although they have decided not to tell Marcel about Leo's HIV status or the fact that he is gay, the rest of the family accepts all this news without any questions or reactions at all. How many families in which parents / siblings know will have at least a reaction to a member who declares that he or she is abnormal? Here, nothing. <br /> <br /> Leo decided he had to go to Paris to see his former girlfriend. He decided to go on a trip with, all people, Marcel. Do you know anyone who would bring his little brother to go to see a lover? Again, it is not entirely believable, especially since Marcel is not supposed to know either of his medical problems or of his sex. If this was the way the family decided to let him know, it was rather brutal and unbelievable. <br /> <br /> Leo went to find his girlfriend Emeric at his bar in Paris. The owner says that the Aymeric will not be there until early in the evening. But why does Leo want to see him at work? Why do not you call the phone and arrange to see it somewhere more private where they can talk? Why do not you go and see him at home? But no, Liu appears later in the day (with Marcel in the clouds) and is surprised when Emeric does not drop everything just to walk with him for 5 minutes. Emeric tells him that he is no longer available, that it was Leo who left him, and that Leo did not respond to any of his messages. "But I love you," Liu says. But if he really loved Aymeric, would not he have at least told him about his HIV status, to warn him against testing and possibly getting the drugs? Will this be the least I can do ?? But not a peep. He leaves and does not warn Eimeric that he may be infected with HIV. This is completely irresponsible ?? It seems that the film was produced for a French television series for young people. It is the best way to show how children are carrying. Well, not here? I think that "every man for himself" is still the French way of doing things ?? Another aspect of the film that was quite incredible is the "sensitive" side. Everyone always tends against someone, hug or kiss someone. Inside the family and outside the family. I have never seen anyone in France be this physically, and I do not mind an entire family. One of his 17-year-old brother sits at the breakfast table. His leg is perched in the bosom of his older brother. The older brother takes care of his leg while everyone sits around discussing something . How many brothers know who are physically close? In another scene, the same 17-year-old comes to Marcel's room asking, "What's up, can not you sleep?" , Then take off his clothes and enter completely naked to the bed with his brother and sneak into him as if they were lovers. This and another similar scene between Leo and Marcel gave a somewhat ambiguous feeling to the film. Sorry, again I do not think this is a regular behavior among teenage brothers. <br /> <br /> The only good thing I can say about the movie is that all actors are fine ?? Marcel especially in the main role. But it was not really enough? HIV and AIDS are more dangerous than being presented in a vague and irresponsible light. At the end of the film, the family went to the cemetery to bury Liu, but again, Marcel was left out of it? He left in the care of his cousin (I think). Yet he sneaks and watches the funeral from afar. Is this what this cohesive family would have done? It is unreasonable to have him included in his brother's funeral. It was the last scene of the film, and it was the last straw of this scene.
