The recent boom in US dating has reached a high temperature since the first episode of The Bachelor. Since then, unsuspecting audiences have been subjected to countless clones and variations, including "The Bachelorette", "Joe Millionaire", "For Love Or Money" and "Married to America." In the hope of taking advantage of this trend and benefiting from a new population and exploiting it simultaneously, Bravo unleashed the "Boy Meets Boy" disaster on the world. Perhaps they will have mercy on us all. <br /> <br /> The hypothesis is simple and designed to be mild-hearted: a gay man qualified by a number of suitors, has been excluded by the offer until one is left, but there is evolution. Half of the men are already straight. This is not great, but the evils inherent in the scenario begin after hearing the reward: If the gay man at the end of the show chooses a straight man, the straight man wins money. an award. Gay men do not get anything, or at least more than a few gifts of parting, pat on the back, and a heartbeat of "Do not you feel embarrassed? Well, thank you for playing!" <br /> <br /> Just like the equally painful "Queer Eye For The Guy Guy" (another Bravo program), this is another example of stereotypes that run in general. But what makes it worse is the fact that straight men play these stereotypes for money. Producers of this show believe that all you have to do is put enough hair gel in the man's hair, dress in Abercrombie & Fitch with a pair of designed sandals, stripping it of all body hair, fat and voila! It is the ideal equivalent of putting a white artist in a black front, and just as offensive to those - like me - who are genuinely gay and not dressed / acting like that. This means that homosexuals have no difference or chance of individuality, and that they can not act like real people, just like stereotypes. Do not worry about the fact that the Bank of Suitors lacks any kind of diversity. They are all full of sports, mostly white, all of which look far from washing and cleaning. <br /> <br /> This is another example of how, instead of encouraging gay acceptance as dynamic individuals capable of variation and change, Hollywood once again took a stereotype and ran it all the way to the bank. I'm sure I'm watching this show, where any gay man who sees this unorthodox display of soft pornography masquerades as legitimate TV. 1 out of 10.
