I saw the whole house when I was younger and I can not understand why I did. I do not really remember enjoying the show. I think most Americans who watch this are hypnotized because of their bad health. It will put you into a coma and there will be no return. I still have scars but I'm trying to move on. I know it's a family program, but that does not mean it should be so bad. Offer clichés with each episode ending with a "talk" from the father to make everyone's problems disappear. The characters in the exhibition are all disgusting. There you know everything, cleaning a maniacal, horny father who wants to punch in the face every time he comes on the screen. Then we have the supposed "rock" that is only available to look for mothers who should watch this nonsense. Our uncle is quite unfairly doing the lame polywinkle impressions (I need to say more about him). There is the eldest daughter who can not always act and complain about something. Then the middle daughter who always says, "How rude!" Pretty much everything anyone says. Finally, there is Michele's youngest daughter. Do not invite me to play Michelle but the terrible actors known as Olsen Twins. If you believe in Christianity, I think you will associate it with the Antichrist. She is always demanding things, trying hard to be "nice" and constantly saying "DUH!" And rolling her eyes which makes you want to hit her. I am not a fan of using a lot of physical abuse as a punishment for children. But in her case, I will accept. She needed it on a daily basis. It is the selfish personality that is ever presented to mainstream television. One example is when her rocky uncle is busy doing his job in the attic. Naughty decides to bother him constantly and demands attention. Shouts at her and she is upset. poor child! The rest of the episode meets her emotional needs and her uncle finally apologizes for her. UGGHH! The display will reduce your intelligence rate as well as destroy your will to live slowly. I am surprised that we do not hear in the news about a full house playing in the background when police found people who committed suicide. Do yourself a favor and do not see the program rediscover. You will thank me later.
