Being a fan of Buster Keaton is breaking your heart regularly. Most of us first met with Keaton in one of the great feature films of his great independent production: "The Year", "The Explorer", "Sherlock Jr." We realize that he is the greatest figure in the history of the entire comedy film, and we want to see more of his films. Here begins the heartbreak. After "Steamboat Bill Jnr", pressed by Keaton smelter Joseph Shink to sign a contract put Keaton under the control of MGM. Keaton has just become another representative for hire, performing texts for someone else. Then he became addicted to alcohol. After Steamboat Bill Jnr, Keaton did not make a first class film again. Two of the sources describe a potential masterpiece comedy Keaton claimed she had done at MGM: a parody of "Grand Hotel". Tom Tomdis's biography provided convincing evidence that Keaton formed this story. <br /> <br /> The sadness grows because, among many years of steady decline in Keaton, he has reached a good film sometimes ... as a short comedy "Grand Slam Opera". I'm still looking for lost footage of the dramatic scene in Keaton with Spencer Tracy in 'It's Mad Mad World': a sequence in which Tracy copes with an old retired photographer and tries to enlist his help in stealing Smiler Grogan money. It's almost certain that those shots are gone forever, but I'm still searching. <br /> <br /> "Speak easily", unfortunately, is one of Keaton's films since the beginning of his retreat. MGM was trying to build Jimmy Durante (who, incidentally, played Smiler Grogan after three decades) as a new comedian. Unfortunately, MGM tried to build Durant by collaborating with Keaton, whose comic style was simply not compatible with Durant's. (I admire both). Throughout his career, Durante was a ruthless thief in the scene: it is commendable that he knows he was built at the expense of Keaton, and Keaton was the only co-star he did not try to release on stage. . <br /> <br /> Keaton has often been portrayed as a victim of extremely cruel machinations. In the "Speak Easy" game, the role of a postmodern professor named Post (because he is a wooden person like him) receives a message telling him that he inherited $ 750,000, which he must travel to New York City to demand. Did he make a phone call to check it out? Do you even check the postage stamp? No; he takes his life savings from the bank and runs to New York. As soon as he goes, Post's mail server admits he wrote the "fake" letter to get Post Professor out of the run! <br /> <br /> Post, believed to be a millionaire, crosses tracks with Jimmy Dodge (Durant), who tries to produce a musical review but has no money. The characters played by these two on-screen comedians simply fail to mix. Keaton plays one of these people (like Mister Logic in 'Viz') who thinks about everything. Duranti plays one of these annoying fans who can not make any direct statement because the text always requires him to speak in colloquial language. There is an eccentric dialogue scene in which Dorante tries to talk to Keaton about money, but - instead of going straight - Dorante has to use increasingly popular terms such as "turnip," "cart," etc. While Keaton obviously has no idea About Durant About. I will give credit to Keaton: The sound of the dry and dusty prairie, his flat dial of Kansas, is perfectly perfect for the character he plays here. <br /> <br /> Sydney Toiler, looks more elegant and more handsome here than it will be one year later, is impressive as the valuable manager that was funded (when retailing) by Professor Post. Henry Armita, which I have never found funny, is less funny than usual here, offering an ongoing gaffe with a stupid payoff. Thilma liked to like me here, in a more insidious version of the role she played in "Horse Feathers". Edward Proffy, one of my favorite characters, is missing. <br /> <br /> Part of the problem with "talking easily" is that the supporting characters behave in ways that are completely inappropriate. Keaton's lawyer appears at the Durante Theater with an urgent message to Keaton ... but does not exist, so the lawyer begins to reveal Keaton's personal work to the first stranger to meet him. (Shoot the lawyer, Buster!) In another scene, Professor Post - the person seen as funding this music - makes a mistake in the dressing room of the girls, and all the girls choruses steal and cover themselves immediately. I know the fact that the chorus of modern girls will never react in this way, and I strongly doubt that the chorus of girls in 1932 behaved this way too ... certainly not a response to the "angel" who controls his bid. <br /> <br /> The spoilers are coming. After about half an hour of "talking easily," Jimmy Durante sits on the piano, smiling in the camera and shaking the small characteristic of his head when he begins to tune in. This is the moment when I finally thought that this film will eventually settle in its purpose of entertaining us. Unfortunately no. What disturbs everyone is the end of this film, which uses the most modified and unreasonable cliches in all comedies: a movie in which a faintly incompetent comedian becomes completely starred by his own incompetence. (Keaton will have to remake this cliché in a 1955 episode of "Screen Director Playhouse"; Chaplin has already used it in The Circus.) <br /> <br /> She has cried a lot - in anger and sadness - at the lost opportunities in "Speak easily." Mostly in respect of the work done by Keaton, Durante, Toler, Brophy and Miss Todd elsewhere, I will put this film on two points out of 10. <br /> <br />
