For most young viewers there, they probably have no idea who Buster Keaton was. For that reason, they may not feel sad when watching this movie as I felt. I happened to be a strange silent comedy - after I watched every movie Keaton still exists. Make me a big fan this very painful film from start to finish. This is because during his silent days, Keaton was a very vibrant and creative comedy. He was amazing in his body and his films were never dull. However, in a move still puzzled by film historians, at the end of the silent era, Keaton abandoned his independence and became a representative at MGM. Instead of being a great creative force, MGM now looks at Keaton as a solo actor - and wrote his texts that do not respect what made him great. Initially, these films were not with MGM so bad (like the camera) but with the soundtrack, blown by the studio - put it in several movies with Jamie Durante. Durante's humor was based on his gift of the rebbe and was abrasive. In contrast, Keaton was calm and action-oriented. It was difficult to find different and incompatible representatives. As a result of this deadly mix, Keaton produced some really dreadful films. <br /> <br /> Now that does not mean that talking easily is a terrible film. No, instead, it's just a time-lapse and amazingly funny in that. In fact, if you go to the movie on the assumption that it is a comedy, it is likely to make the movie more difficult. Instead, it looks like a drama with some comedic elements. It's not a movie that will produce belly laughs - especially for Keaton fans. <br /> <br /> The movie begins in a strange environment. Keaton is a university professor who studies his entire life. He knows nothing about the world and has his nose stuck in his books. In a strange move, Keaton's servant deceived him to believe that Keaton had earned $ 750,000 from a dead relative - hoping to induce Keaton to go out and enjoy life. This is surprisingly intriguing but somehow manages his work. Not very good, but it works. <br /> <br /> Keaton leaves school immediately and goes on a trip to New York for some fun. On the way there, he met an incredibly talented theater troop. Because he knows nothing about the world, he does not seem to realize that they are having fun. And because he thinks he's rich, Keaton decides to take them all to New York for a show on Broadway. However, before the opening of the show, his friends discovered that Keaton was not rich. So, decide not to tell Keaton and try to keep it away from the process servers you want to close the offer. They assume that if the offer succeeds, they can repay the debt and everyone will be happy. However, they forget that the supply itself stinks. What are they to do? Will Keaton get the nice girl, or get caught up in a gold drill (Thelma Todd) or will it be flat and broken? If you care, watch the movie. <br /> <br /> As for Keaton, he has some thrills in the film, although there are some wonderful things in the end. Instead, Keaton is just kind of walking through the part in a very weak way. There is nothing you really like about this movie or hate. It's just blah .... when your heck should be much better.
