This one came out during the last moments of the Western genre. Unfortunately, it seems very effortless and quite unsatisfactory - even if it has been made before and with veterans in the field! First of all, the plot offers nothing new remotely: James Coburn escapes from a sequential gang, and intends to kill the man (now retired) who put him there - Charleston and Heston. While the latter puts his trap, Coburn defeated Histon by kidnapping his daughter (Barbara Hershey). Of course, the former lawyer - along with Hershey's green fiance (Chris Mitchum) - went on to pursue Cobren and his followers, all of whom broke the prison with him. <br /> <br /> Instead of dealing with the procedure in his country, McLaglen follows a familiar Fordan style, following the style of Sam Peckinpah - who was never quite comfortable: repulsive characters, a lot of violence, and sexual tension resulting from Hershey's presence between Coburn's sensual bunch. By the way, both Heston and Coburn had previously appeared together in Sam Peckinpah Western - The Troubled MAJOR DUNDEE (1965; I really need to capture the restored version of this version on the DVD, although I recently made the play version in pan-and-scan format off TCM United Kingdom). However, the film is too old to give the elegant mood for which it is clearly struggling (also suggested by the title). Again, both stars have already made an appropriate estimate for this kind of American genre - Will Penny (1968) for Heston Coburn with PAT GARRETT & BILLY THE KID (1973)! <br /> <br /> At least, however, Heston retains a little dignity here - his obsolete character tries to stay ahead of Coburn's half-dynasty by anticipating what his next move is; however, the latter deals with an uncommon, Only at its peak (enjoying the moment of revenge by forcing Histon Sadia to watch the rape of his partners for Hershey). Apart from the latter, this lengthy sequence sees that Heiston tries to deceive Coburn with a false trick from his EL CID (1961), and then the evil gang is locked up in the bushfire that was ignited by the rebellious Histon and the violent death of the two. "The hero of Ansar (as he was, the death of Heston takes the form of an unjustifiable sacrifice!). <br /> <br /> The support team includes Michael Parkes as an ineffective town leader, Jorge Rivero as Cuban lieutenant Coburn, and Larry Wilcox - CHIPS! - As the youngest member of the Coburn gang who has been tasked to watch over Hershey (while doing his best to keep his teammates drooling away!) Jerry Goldsmith contributes to a wonderful but at the same time indistinguishable result.
