First of all, my heartfelt greetings to anyone who bought a movie ticket hoping to see a movie with the same mold as Gregory's Girl and Local Hero but ended up leaving the theater disappointed and a mysterious fool. While it is true that the consequences are usually, with the exception of some notable exceptions, a mistake and a mere presence to provide studio directors with an opportunity to capitalize on the success of an earlier film by providing us with either a subtle convincing re-reading of the original story or line drawing so far removed from the original intentions that the film The output is meaningless. In the case of Gregory's Two Girls, Bill Forsyth has a dubious honor in directing him to commit sins - in terms of reviewing the Gregory's Girl conspiracy, while serving an incredible and intriguing story involving Scottish arms dealers. Gregory's pupil was now a teacher at the same school as a 16-year-old who had a hopeless passion for playing Dorothy. Although she is now 35, Gregory still has a desperate passion, but now Francis is playing football. He is also 16 years old, despite the fact that the music teacher has made it clear that Bill is attracted to him. His passion for Francis and his desire to convince her leads to his participation in the scheme to expose the local arms dealer who also happens to be a friend of the old school. There is no point in moving forward because the rest of the story is memorable and the result is meaningless at all. The main problem is that of Gregory himself, where there is no sign of Gregory the beloved and charming sixteen-year-old who Dorothy seeks actively and comicly convinced that he will win in the end. At 35, Gregory is presented to us as a sad and non-friend, his life is neither active nor comic. Outside his time, he spends his time watching Chomsky's videos and reading magazines on international grievances. While his friends and family seem to have disappeared, and they have saved two senseless sights with his younger sister, who no longer gives him advice or seems ever interested in his life, we are puzzled by what Gregory really wants, who he is and why he For what it is. Why for example is a friend? Why not see his father who is still alive? Why did he come back to teach at the school he once attended? Why is he so interested in Noam Chomsky and injustice? Why has become so indifferent? Why is he attracted to Francis? Why not be attracted to even the last twenty minutes of the film? What is the name of paradise that Bill or Francis sees in him because he does not fall dead or even enjoy? Why continue to try to convince Francis even after he and Bill became an element, and when their relationship threatens to disrupt his entire life? Do we really believe that a Scottish arms dealer publicly selling weapons of torture to repressive regimes could succeed in evading media scrutiny but violating two school children? Did Gregory really believe that throwing a handful of computers into the sea would change something? To make matters worse, actor John Gordon Sinclair is trying to re-evaluate his performance as a teenager Gregory up to facial expressions and embarrassing body language. Unfortunately, at the age of thirty-five, only appear as a strange and mysterious crawl. Moreover, it is hard to feel any sympathy or sympathy for a teacher who has sexual dreams involving having sex with one of his pupils wearing pupils while sitting both on a pile of gym mat. Instead of being amused it is just slaps of sexual exploitation of children. It's hard to know what was going on in the head of Bill Forsyth when he wrote this script or why I think the original film fans will adopt a story that is totally lacking in the magic, intelligence and warmth that turned the first film into a classic. I can only assume that the plan was to make a film about a man who refused to grow up and was committed to adult life. Perhaps his happiest memories were to be sixteen and to follow the best-looking girl in school but through testimony. To accept that life that has lived in the past is not life at all. At least it could have been the basis for an interesting film and objectively intelligent. As with Gregory's Two Girls add 116 minutes of loss and tampering with nothing less than that. Gregory's Girl was responsible for launching the career of Bill Forsyth, here in the hope that Gregory's Two Girls would not be responsible for her sinking.
