In the days leading up to Gore and sex, real horror films were produced. Castle of Blood, in my opinion, is one of the best, although other reviewers have given it mixed ratings. It's a strange way to remind us of the more modern people who were in the theaters two years ago. <br /> <br /> The director Antonio Margeri reintroduced in 1970 this time the anchor of the spider web (AKA Nella Stretta Morsa del Ragno). Why did this I do not understand, although the remake starred Anthony Franciosa and Klaus Kinski and were very good in themselves. Perhaps he saw a good story and wished to design it more with the American masses. I really do not know. It is interesting that he made the original in black and white and recreated the colors. <br /> <br /> The castle of blood is an excellent Italian Gothic. La Danza Macabra is said to be an unpublished work by Edgar Allen Bo, who "appeared" in this film. Bo and Lord Blackwood, the owner of a inhabited castle, the American writer Alain Foster (George Revere) bet that he can not spend the first Soltz Knight in the castle mentioned and survive. Foster eagerly accepts the bet but quickly regrets it, because it attests to a series of ghost murders. The ghosts seem to return to life once every few years but are doomed to re-activate the crimes they have committed in life. Lord Blackwood forgot to tell Foster that his blood was needed to live on the first night of souls! <br /> <br /> Foster and Elizabeth Blackwood (who was portrayed by Barbara Steele as unrivaled) do not need to fall in love, although their romantic relationship is doomed, because Elizabeth is one of the ghosts. I will not give up the end, but I will just say that Castle of Blood is a romantic tragedy because it is a horror story. <br /> <br /> Comments. This film is pretty atmospheric, even through excellent standards for Italians. My personal opinion is that they do better real horror than anyone else, and dark black and black photography only enhances that. In fairness, Web of the Spider was good in itself, even with the greatest colors and brightness. I liked the stills, which the managers of modern times did not have the patience to do. In fact, when Alan enters the castle for the first time, we dealt with several minutes of him do only roam from room to room, and a dreadful and unstable construction in his face and behavior. By the time the first ghost appears, the audience is fully ready and ready. There is a wonderful dialogue between Alan and the Ghost, something else that is not often done in standard ghost stories. There are also memorable and very visible scenes for this kind of movies. The "murder" committed by Elizabeth and her theater (reminiscent of the golly dance in the carnival of 1962) is very good. , this movie. This is a shame, because this is cut over the rest. I got a copy of Sinister Cinema and I'm not sure you can buy it anywhere else. For people interested in this type, it is a must.
