Yuchen Heck wrote and directed this small thriller for an impressive film based on the concept that HIV is a government-developed sheep virus to rid the world of homosexuals and appears to have been tested on convicts in the years before the outbreak of the disease. . If not for the impact of the concept of film, it would fall into the category of many films about the destruction of the world by an innocuous infectious organism. <br /> <br /> Stefan Wlaschiha travels from Berlin to San Francisco to investigate his father's scientific assumptions about the induced sheep virus and its effects on the convicts who planted it. Meets some contempt and resistance to a dead theory, but also faces some people who know the theory and support its achievement. In conjunction with his visit, there is a series of serial killings, killing each victim in a similar way, and each murder appears to be accompanied by strains of music from Puccini's 'Turandot' which opens at the San Francisco Opera. Police investigator Louise Toliver (Erit Levy) and her police officer (Kalin Parker) are following the murders while Stephan is touring sex clubs and bars in San Francisco in an attempt to locate the men who may have been guinea pigs for his father's theory. He faces a strange friend named Jeffrey (Jim Talman) and has an attractive cat and mouse and a prominent baroz doctor (Richard Conte) who appears strangely involved in the crew of suspects. How it all came to an end is the play of the film, a story about the search for self-identity between Stefan and Jeffrey as much as a case to investigate the murders. <br /> <br /> While Tom is playing, Jim Talman and Richard Conte play a good role in their roles (the only three who have any prior experience in acting in the film!), the quality of the film fluctuates largely by less than acceptable from the limit The low-talented Irit Levy and Kyle Parker: The credibility screen of the story goes down to below zero. There are some small icons for other actors who brightened the screen for the moments they live in, but in each film sank through the constant rerun of "Nessun dorma" as Mario del Monaco sung by the recording of Opera - this seems to be the reason for making the film! A good idea for a movie has some good characterizations by actors, but there is no solution to the initial premise that started it all. Grady Runaway, 06 February
