The plot of "the return of astronauts to Earth as a mutant monster" vanished in the 1950s, mainly because of the scientific fact that traveling outside Earth's orbit does not cause humans to become mutant monsters, and that the first film uses this QUATERMASS experiment as the only science fiction film Who used this idea. So the idea of ​​getting an excess return seems to be doomed from the start. Unfortunately, the unbelievable man seems to have the least trouble. <br /> <br /> First, this is an incredibly bad film. The budget is in single digits and I am talking about the lira and not the dollar. There is no cinematography to talk about and there are countless mistakes in editing. For example, the photographer takes his model (Barely legal) to shoot pictures. Cut off from the fire where the sun is directly behind the model, then cut out the photographer's picture where the sun is directly behind him, then cut to the model where the sun is ... <br /> <br /> There is no film drag budget down in other aspects as well. According to the trivia page, the budget was very low, and producers were unable to get any footage of Saturn's stock, so when astronaut Steve West mentions how Saturn looks beautiful, the sun appears. In fact, the Sun gives the most impressive performance in the film because human actors will not be hired by a porn studio. If you appear in this I will not be afraid of the named monster - I will be horrified by the shrapnel from the rest of the crew. Perhaps we should tolerate a little, although the obvious budget shortfall is reflected in things like actors who have to wear their own clothes. A general, for example, does not wear a uniform that wears fancy dress with medals - wearing denim jacket and baseball cap <br /> <br /> There must be a suspension of disbelief for such a film but it works on every level The tone is set early in the film where it Mr. Melty kills a nurse and escapes the hospital. Instead of the police receiving a call saying there was a murder, Dr. Nelson decided to track down his own patient as he was looking for a missing cat. It is also strange that a totally disobedient monster would walk on the road unnoticed, but this is the case with a 70-year-old film stopping their car in dark roads in search of a quick blow and reminding people of their wives carelessly while forgetting to tell them that There is a beast on earth. <br /> <br /> The incredible Dissolving Man is a Class Z junk. Surely I can understand why people enjoy this movie because it reaches its peak "It's so bad it's good" but apart from the impressive make-up effects of Rick Baker, it is no more than just a very guilty pleasure
