Emma is Jane Austen's favorite novel - Emma is well-intentioned despite her faults, so readers can hear her and love her, and her relationship with Mr. Knightley, which is warm, familiar, respectful but fun, and that warmth and mystery generate romantic excitement. Mr. Knightley is the perfect man, and as close as you can get in those times to an independent, intelligent and confident woman - remember she is only 21 years old, and she is certainly matured and grew up with her flaws. Who does not want to be Emma? Who does not want to tell him Mr. Knightley? This version of Emma does not give you any sense of the things I like about Emma. I could not even finish watching it, I found it very bad. I can not see this warm and generous aspect of Emma, ​​which drives the reader to love her: the patience and warmth she shows to her father; the rapprochement between her and Mrs. Weston, indicating her willingness to put her friend over her (because she sacrifices the only equal companion in her house by referring Queen's marriage Jamal Taylor). Woodhouse's personal character in this modification seems quite strange, not just a stranger and old age and trying a bit. <br /> <br /> This amendment has more importantly failed to restore the relationship between Mr. Knightley and Emma to life. Their relationship is based on mutual respect and affection: Mr. Knightley is tolerant of the minor mistakes of Emma who believes that her intelligence and true care of others will not allow her to be terribly involved; and Emma is looking forward to him, although she hides this comically and continues to use her own judgment. The dressing that she gives her right at the beginning of the show exaggerates the argument between them and destroys every possibility of portraying the nature of their relationship as described above. Mr. Knightley is also unattractive enough to revive sexual tension among potential clients (or inspire any admiration from female viewers). <br /> <br /> It is really terrible. I can not understand why anyone who really likes Emma's story can like it, unless it is miraculously redesigned after the point where it was closed.
