Except for about 10 minutes sublime with HB Warner on the Celestial Train, this was 94 minutes of horror! The acting was terrible, but the story is what I find really awful. The representation was woody and flexible, even in terms of early talk (the exceptions are Lee Tracy and HB Warner, neither of which can do the wrong). Rose Hobart was as awful and neglected as Julie (as in Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde in 1932, an excellent flick). The rest of the crew was worse, there were no words to describe their atrocities. <br /> <br /> The story was worse than acting. For an unknown reason, Julie Liliom, a little girl and used to women, loves no advantages at all. He marries Jolie but does not support her, but lies on bed all day or hangs out with his low-life criminal friend (Lee Tracy). Oh yes, he did not have a good word to say to Julie and he beats it regularly. However, Jolie loves him and tries to excuse him constantly, which makes him look even worse. The most satisfactory thing is that this film gives us this story as a love story. In some way, we are supposed to see Julie as a noble character regain his pure love of Lille. WTF? <br /> <br /> Another one-third of this film takes place after he has been killed to blame himself (a robbery plot explodes and a knife is thrown into himself instead of being taken by the police). As he was dying, Jolie said, "I hit you all the time, but I'm not sorry for that." When he finally died, I finally told him she loved him. (No one ever said "I love you" to the other while they were alive.) After his death, the Chief Justice of God gives Lilium another day on Earth so he can "do something good" for his unborn daughter. The price of this is 10 years in hell. Ten years later, Lillium is allowed one day on earth to see his 10-year-old daughter. He approaches her in the front yard of her house and tries to deceive her to make him "do something good" for her; tries to carry her to play cards, tries to give her a Gabrielle century, but she is not interested and rejects him. So he slapped it. And. Slaps. to her. Then disappears into the afterlife. Looking, we see his daughter telling Julie about this. The girl says that the slap did not hurt, and she felt like a kiss. This is supposed to be the moment of the magical movie. "If someone can," she says, "someone can beat you, hit you, hit you, and do not hurt you at all." Then the music swells and goes to Lom to heaven on the Celestial Train. BLECH! <br /> <br /> There was one blessing for this film, and this is the interview between the Chief Justice (HB Warner was really great here) and Lilium on the Celestial Train. The judge had some very deep things to tell Lillium about life, second chances and death. This scene alone made me suffer from this classification from 1 to 2 stars. With regard to suicide as a way to escape his problems, the judge says, "People assume that when they die, their difficulties are over for them ... You thought about killing yourself that you would cancel all your responsibilities. , And as long as the person who remembers you is still there, and until you are completely forgotten, you will not be complete with the earth, even though you are dead. " Some wonderful, transcendent things are wonderful among some of the most dangerous rubbish I have ever seen. <br /> <br /> By the way, this story seems to have been filmed several times as "Liliom" and "Carousel" music.
