Universal answer on "The Exorcist" is not very good. Unfortunately, the film presents a pleasant and non-principled direction from Michael Weiner, who is squandering a fantastic team through a film that is crisscrossing hole-sized holes. Not to mention that, it is ridiculous that never explains some of the basic elements within the story. <br /> <br /> Cristina Renz is moving into a high-rise building owned by the Catholic Church with a coy Christian priest, John Cardin, who always breaks through the window. She began to experience faint fits and nausea. What's worse is the tenants you meet in the building like Meredith Burgess (with Cat and Canary!) And young Beverly Dangello as a tutor. Ava Gardner (looks great at 55) is a Realtor who showed Renz the place. Christina's lover is Chris Sarandon, who "committed suicide" his wife after discovering she was in an affair. José Ferrer plays a small role in the role of the "Muslim Brotherhood priest", who attends Archbishop Arthur Kennedy with care because he is heading to the very high not only in Karenin but also in Rayens. Sarandon sends a rented hand to the high-rises one night to check out a certain room above Cristina's apartment where I hear a metal scream and another high strike. Martha concludes the same night Christina "kills" her dead father in a nightmare. Madly screaming in the street, Christina already has her blood, leading to the pornographic wolves and his partner, Christopher Whelen, for questioning with certainty, all of which somehow leads to Sarandon, who was a lead lawyer who beat the policeman in connection with the suicide of the entire wife . This situation is a really stimulating factor is Walch's hard-line approach to see who his blood really was on Christina and if Sarandon had a relationship with him. You also have Martin Balsam as a professor who understands this kind of Latin Cristina who vaguely and non-actor actors like Jeff Goldblum as a fashion photographer and Tom Berenger as a man interested in this particular room became available in the same room (now revamped) that Christina once stayed in! What bothers me more than anything is the lack of explanation. Near the end of the film, Wallach and Walken were forgotten and left wondering why they stopped investigating. Their characters are left only on the back burner. How does the priests know that "this is the time" in which a certain man will die and must be replaced to guard a certain gate in this high-rise building and why Christina suffers from the trauma that she does not explain. How it seems that some of the ghosts appear to Christina and disappear when Gardner tries to show the rooms she captured during the cat's birthday (do not see yourself), have not been adequately explained. Not to mention Gardner's role in the grand scheme of things. He brings people to this high-rise, but what are the real reasons for the film? It seems that this film should have been longer and the things that were left lost to a hasty result are only funny when they are scary.
