The prison is located in Wyoming where he faced work in a new prison problem, so the State Council decided to reopen an old prison in the state that was closed for 20 years, where Warden Eaton Sharpe (Lynn Smith) was put in charge. 200 foreign prisoners are being charged and put to work to repair the dilapidated prison, including Burke (Vigo Mortensen) who ordered the old execution chamber to be breached, and is duly bound, but when the broken door pierces an intense beam of light that shoots all the electricity, gas and fire around the prison. For a few minutes. Burke inadvertently unleashed a deadly evil force in the mood for some murder and no one was safe ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Renny Harlin I thought Prison was a terrible flick in the late 1980s, forgetting the small point of a story. The script was by ordinary Empire Pictures C. Courtney Guinner, who was responsible for writing such classics as Class of 1999 (1990), Puppet Master III: Toulon's Revenge (1991) and Puppet Master vs. Demonic Toys (2004), among other low budget horror movies is nonsense so I have not heard & seem to take itself seriously. The biggest problem I face with Prison is that it's too slow. It took more than 30 minutes in the movie before the "evil power" was launched, although the pace was getting bigger, but then it was too late. There is a clear story here at all. For a start, never try to explain why there is "evil power" in the old execution room, and never explain why the force decided to kill random inmates when they were supposed to be on retaliatory duty or why not only do so "Do not kill Warden Sharpe immediately, Provide no explanation of Burke's appropriate position, although he looks exactly like an electrified prisoner who has returned, and there is no real explanation of how Warden is connected to everything that goes on, apart from two early nightmare sequences in which he seems to remember something, For what reason or why ... To be honest, I could not really give you a clue Because the film does not contain a rigid story that follows it all the time: personal is dim and forgotten, murders are few and far between, speed of departure, the whole movie is in chaos, and even ghosts can not shoot directly when it comes to trying to shoot the hero. It is satisfying to spend 100 odd minutes, there are already better things you can do. <br /> <br /> Harlin's American debut is full, it does a good job & there is a decent atmosphere but after more than an hour of dark and dark prison cells and corridors , I began to feel bored. I just think that the appearance of the film is very repetitive, very cute and lifeless. I did not think it was scary and that the unfairness is far from the best moment in the entire film when a police guard is killed when a trickle of barbed wire wraps around his body and his face is a beautiful close to his throat being torn open. Otherwise there is a burnt body and a mutilated body falling from the ceiling and so little. There is a scene when Warden burns all the prisoner's mattresses in front of them and then makes them stand all night in their underwear in the yard. I was watching this scene and I think you will never get away from doing something like this. Here, prisoners have rights, and if the jailer does something like that, there will be a national cry from all these humanitarian workers, and every prisoner will sue the custodians, the prison service and the government for everything they have won! <br /> <br /> With an assumed budget of about $ 4,000,000, the prison had a very healthy budget, although it did not look real on the screen, there is certainly a good set and the few special effects included are good but generally set In the same location with limited ambition. A prison in a real state prison in Wyoming has been shot, so it certainly seems to matter. The acting is fine, Prison proves that at times Hollywood stars do not have one skeleton of horror movies in their coffers but in Mortensen's case he has two with this & the Awel of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1994) and both are sure he would like to forget. .. Prison is a waste of boring, insignificant, colorless and humorless for 100 minutes, although one good scene I did not like at all I actually prefer to have a story rather than random events and random events Together without any narrative.
