I am not, but this veto is unfortunately one of those films that are considered too bad and can not be terrible, making them completely useless and completely waste of time. There is nothing more interesting than a mediocre film, and my name is humility: whatever a subtitle takes is mediocrity to a new level. It's full of b players but not any fun at all because it takes it seriously. It sets itself up as a thriller but then becomes a kind of growing drama, the flashback style. Alexandra Staden, who has been strangled by more than a recognized Under Make-up, is more than just a member of the Top Model team than Modesty Blaise. I am not one of those comic freaks in the comic book, which wants to adapt to all "graphic novels" precious ideal - have actually never read Modesty Blaise - everything I wanted it is a good movie to watch. But this was not it. The film feels half-finished, with a weak and very uninspiring conclusion to a rather weak plot. It also requires her audience to get idiots, explain every minute detail of our plot and show past memories of the things that happened before the three scenes (I think they all have Alzheimer's disease). <br /> <br /> Now I love a good B movie - what's better than just turning off your mind and swallowing the movie equivalent of Calzone? - and "modesty" is directed only by Scott Spiegel, who brought us the amazing dazzling flick of Dusk Till Dawn 2: Texas Blood Money! I liked the movie From Dusk Till Dawn 2 because it brought everything B-bad should bring to the table - nudity, jerk, guns, whatever you call "modesty" is just boring. The flashback about modest life is not interesting. The acting is not bad enough to laugh at it. In fact, Kinda liked the performance of Nicoleaj Coaster-Valdeo (my friend, aliases for your friends!) As a performance for Buddy. <br /> <br /> So generally it is lame. Weak. uninspired. Call it whatever you want. You do not see anything because Tarantino is offered by people. It's just a very forgettable movie, never trying to be more than that. Allow me to conclude this review with a very lame game (seriously, so I swing): My name is humility: a waste of time - 4/10
