A 1980 film by Ole Lommel entitled "The Man of the Dance" is not classy, ​​but it is cool with a low budget above average to be seen. The sequel to Boogey Man II 1983 is a waste of time, but it is at least amusing if not taken seriously. Now II left the door open for another supplement, and I did not think of seeing at least one. One day, as I was browsing the videos at a mall store, I saw a movie called "The Man Who Giggled". When I discovered it was a sequel to previous movies, I was happy to scrape a few dollars for it ... I should have known it better. Although the opening title is "Boogey Man 3", it is not a complement to the two highly acclaimed films I mentioned above. Well, not quite anyway. <br /> <br /> Pros: Ha! This is his laugh. Is there a good thing about a large piece of cow dung? Let's see ... it contains footage of the "man of the dance", and ... it's too short. Yes, that's it. <br /> <br /> Disadvantages: Where to start? Decisions decisions. First of all, this film is a total bore. It moves from one scene to another without anything interesting or frightening. The representation is harsh at best. "Actors" are probably friends of the director who has never had acting experience and has probably not since then. The plot does not exist and is poorly written. The trend is just plain awful. The director tries to make the film look completely original by making the camera move, the lights flash, with the filters, but it adds nothing. The music is dull and hard to hear in parts. Relationships to the original failed. The character of Susanna Love bore the name of Lacy, not Natalie! The events described at the beginning of the original did not occur in 1978. Also, if this contains 3 in the title, why is there no mention of what happened in the second chapter? Finally, this adds nothing new or interesting to the series or genre. <br /> <br /> Final thoughts: People who stand behind the waste of time and money should be ashamed of themselves. It is one thing if the original film was the first director and was absorbed. But instead, it is supposed to be a sequel to a movie that does not represent a masterpiece, but it is certainly more interesting and entertaining than this. If there is any other complement, and I doubt that, we must forget that this happened at all and that he is taking over Lummel himself or someone who has at least an idea of ​​how to produce a decent horror film. </ div> My rating: 1/5
