Let me say that I loved the original Boogeyman. Sure, it's a horror film cliché flawed in the 80s, but these species are fun to watch! Plus they gave us something a little different. So I bought it with pleasure and to my surprise this movie came with him (just a copy they already had) so I thought "Eh, what the hell" and bought it. Mistake # 1. That night I felt the mood to watch a movie (I already bought tons that day) and I thought this was the shortest of all the movies I bought, so I'll see this and hit the bag. Error # 2.Yes, I have heard how bad it was but I was willing to seize the opportunity. <br /> <br /> So, a few minutes in the film there is the first quick reaction. I do not think of it at first. Then the new footage with the prediction of the chick in the bathtub and I am somewhat impressed by the direction in which it occurs. Then the last shots that are a little longer and I'm sitting there thinking "Yeah I've seen the first Boogeyman I know what's going on so move along!" Then the next one comes and I figure the screw on it and fast forward through it. Then the final (perhaps quickly transmitted through the explanation but why they were lying naked on the mirror? At least they could show them!) And decided to quickly progress through it and then ended the climax of the film! WTF? What happened to prediction things? What happened to the long hair owner (did he take advantage of that or what?)? More importantly, what kind of herbs was smoked by the writer and director when making this horrible POS ?? !!! What is the point? Was Annie just having memories of the past what happened in the first film? Or is the stuff from the first movie just happening at the same time like this? The latter can make sense because the stabbing of a pantyhose happened in 1978 according to the characters in this film, and was 15 years later. Wait a moment, no will not! Because Lacy (whom the film dubiously dubbed Nancy? Is it too stupid to remember the names of his film characters?) Will be 20 years old because she was five years old when it happened, and she did not marry a man who looked 30 years old, About 7 and 10! Was she walking around middle school? So why pantyhose be after Annie? What relationship do they have up with the original movie characters? The big mistakes I found in this film are that when the doctor writes in his notebook, no one notices that it is just scrabbling? Wow, how professional, close! What is the explanation for all of the questions I posed above? It's a great movie with nothing at all! I will try to find a copy of the original movie that comes with this movie only, and that's it (maybe two additional features, no special version of it yet?). After that, I will go back to this DVD and I hope that this review will prevent all others who have not seen it, which makes movie shops get rid of it and may not have this movie anymore! Let it be! Sorry this review is too long. I'm just angry at this film that I had to breathe in one way or another
