The sad couple move into a mountain on the mountain after losing their daughter, discovering that there may be ghosts chasing the place, the souls do not rest from the former passengers committed suicide. Julie Pike (Sherry Christian) blames Ellen (Greg Thompson) for the terrible death of their daughter because the door is left open and marriage is deteriorating because of it. Jolie is still in a coma, waiting beside the absence of any emotion, telepathy and numbness, photographing a nearby abandoned prison only, and finding a stunning image of a girl Gul clinging to the bars of a cell. Although Allen does not see anything out of the ordinary, Jolie continues to take pictures and we can realize that something is not quite right. A local hustler, Jim Payne (Scott Hodges), a somewhat remote fellow with a secret haven, becomes a serious threat when he discovers that his dead mother may be related to the chases that occur to Pix. At the same time, the neighbors who sold the Pykes cabin also find themselves victims, and Mr. Booth's alcoholic abuse of his wife, who is stalking him. Allen will conduct an investigation into the date of his compartment, in an attempt to uncover the ambiguity about the place. <br /> <br /> A lot of ghosts are moving in the background in this pathetic story with virtually every miserable character. Chery Christian remains too vicious and lost, very difficult to communicate with her despite the fact that you understand her ordeal. Representation, as is often stated, remains frustrating because none of the characters is easily accessible. I think it's supposed to be this way, under their circumstances, but the problem I've encountered has never been able to properly embrace Pykes because of its constant state. She started to feel cold and split. I think the mother tends to be when you lose a child this way, but the icy nature left me begging inside to embrace her and I could not. I think the right performers, even if the characters are emotionally disturbed, can catch the hearts of their viewers if humanity reaches us. In the case of this film, the prospective clients are unable to do so, for whatever reason. It could have been me, I do not know. I wanted to take care of them, but nothing in the characters held my heart. However, as the film continues, Allen slowly reveals some facts and must defend herself against his wife, who has convinced herself that their daughter is among them and that she will never lose her little girl again. Jim, the unstable neighbor who is believed to stop fishing in the region, must kill Bex, becoming a vital threat. Ghosts remain an essential part of the film, since their presence, especially the mother of Jim, was fully established, far from afar. The end reveals them all because Allen must find help for his wife while trying to frustrate Jim's mission. I've had a hard time getting into this because of my nervousness about the prospects and their personalities.
