Well, now what the hell? Is it a family fantasy film to take advantage of Spielberg's huge success in "Close Encounters of Type III"? Or a reaction to the glorious days of prehistoric preachers such as "when you ruled dinosaurs of the earth" and "the lost world"? Perhaps it is an intellectual and philosophical masterpiece that we do not understand all of them? Yes, it must be! Whatever the case, the well-known "The Day Time Ended" ("The Old Kingdom of Bud" Cardos from "Kingdom of the Spiders" and the "Tourist Trap" by David Schmoeller) must be inhaling a lot of glue when they punch the ideas of this hidden hoodbug from Species. The narrative structure does not make any sense at all, and the narrative structure is not as coherent as hell, hey, who cares as long as it has paper dinosaurs, mini-spacecraft, light and laser displays that stimulate headaches, and automatically ignites explosive stars. The introduction through the sound is practically inaudible, but do not worry as everything is jargon! Did you know that the definition of "time" is not what we all think? Time does not necessarily pass by chronological order, it is a giant paradox one! The words that have spoken for thousands of years are still floating now and even things that will happen in the future are already surrounding us. I have no idea at all about what it all means, but it seems to provide an easy excuse for collecting dwarf aliens and dancing dinosaurs on the screen together. I deliberately say good dinosaurs, because at one point one of the prehistoric monsters was knocking the front door politely before threatening its targets. The crazy plot turns on a family of exotic animals living in its solar home in the middle of nowhere. Grandpa is very annoying, more granddaughter, novelty is the billboard to walk and talk to plastic surgery, the youngest son is strangely like Prince Valentine and the young mother is ?? Incredibly hot! Chris Mitchum for some reason also wanders around photography sets as a hot mother's husband in business travel. The special effects are purely cheesy and totally ridiculous (I really hope to have other references that talked about "excellent special effects" sarcastic), but the most absolute genius aspect here is the dialogues! Just read this amazing example of extraordinary writing: <br /> <br /> Grandpa: "You know what this is, is not it? This is a distortion of space and time! <br /> <br /> Stevie:" I'm not sure what If you know what that means, my father. "<br /> <br /> Grandpa:" Well, I think nobody is real "<br /> <br /> Take your mind! Do you know what you do not know? Talking about "The Vortex" is like some kind of expert in this field! "The Day Time Ended" is an incredibly childlike dream and is not worth the trouble of the film, although I can fully understand that some of his fans are proud of the film because they saw it. Early age and became fascinated by the inflamed effects, Valen Liege does not completely come out of nowhere, such as running out of money suddenly or like the effects of eroded mushrooms they ate unexpectedly.
