I must say I was disappointed with this film. I have never been a fan of BNL, I find their songs pretty girlish and nostalgic to a great extent (this is me in the ninth grade, if I have a million dollars, a shoebox for life, etc.). However, I have seen footage of their direct show and really love the improvised and foolish nature of the show. I hope this film highlights this which is, unfortunately, the most interesting part of the show because their music played well but in a nice and not convincing way (there is a solo bass waiting in the middle was quite useless and boring, though Of how much Jim Creegan was digging himself). The film shows only a few minutes of it (and you know they have better moments, as in an Afghan ceremony, "Koffee Anan, it's the guy in charge, my name is Steve Big and I'm too big"). <br /> <br /> BNL is somewhat similar when I went to Europe a few years ago and I heard that "blue" song by Evel 99 or anything every two minutes, I came back to Canada and a month later that song was everywhere * Again, I almost chewed my arms. BNL Like this, years ago I remember a lot of fond memories about sitting around camp fires in Canada where I listen to people playing "If I Have A Million Dollars". BNL was a cult phenomenon in Canada, and a lot of humor has a certain Canadian tendency to it (Kraft Dinner is a key element for many students here, and the name "Gordon" is a basic Canadian) after a few years in ambiguity and I was fairly frank. Suddenly, they become huge in the states, and everyone thinks they represent this new band (yes, they're new, but they're all in their thirties!) While the rest of Canada is walking "Oh" Geez, I thought these guys were tucked away for years. "Millions of dollars" again? "<br /> <br /> The concert footage was not bad, but I wish I could see more of its routine, photography is not great, and stuff like clips from their huge free show in Boston glows very quickly. This funny group of players, I think they are all old people with families, houses and things and settled down a little, there are times when they go to the Spinal Tap type of material, they make a painful satire and then rush to the laughter and laughter that destroys it. (A Canadian media outlet) and Terry David Mulligan (dude Music) is very interesting and is approaching the area of ​​Tapp inadvertently. <br /> <br /> This film is not much documented too, I mean basically one show at the beginning of the film, it's really huge and has a big tourist footnote, it's not as if we see them They rise from the ambiguity and "surprise" that they have the people, it is systematically planned, so in the end it is somewhat lifeless, a kind of half a live concert, half documentary, not too much. <br /> <br />
