Man, I find it hard to believe that the brilliant Alan Ball game has to do with this mess. After seeing the first two episodes so far, I think I can safely say that this offer will not be on the "I Must See" list. A lot of things have been run against her. <br /> <br /> None of the representatives was particularly good. Anna Pachin as a leading figure for Sookie, is just awful. I remember it was better in a lot of other things I saw in it, so maybe it's just writing. It's not really fun to look at either of them, there are moments where they are frank and look quite ugly. The actor who plays Bill is marginally better, just because his character is supposed to be wooden and far away. Other actors do their best, but with vulgar characters who have difficulty making dialects, they are given a difficult task. Tara is the absolute misery of watching, and Wesley's routine completely killed the tone. It's like nails on a bad boardboard. Almost Niles Ellis, it is hard to understand what he says even sometimes. Both his character as well as Tara seem a little racist to me. I do not know, that I have a character that says "Whycome" in HBO is not "The Wire" looks a little weird. Among the actors so far is the stunning Suki grandmother, her sex-addicted brother, and the only one of the casting genius I've ever seen in William Sanderson is the police chief. <br /> <br /> The story seems to be slanting towards her. A destination at this point, with no real concern about keeping the viewer interested. Very romantic stuff dark shadow Si. Although this display raises the camp factor of something like those dark old rings Dark Shadows nearly ten times. Sometimes it seemed so sweet to me, that I should assume that it was supposed to be. But unlike a show like Buffy, who pulled out the camp brilliantly, this offer does not. Out of place with enthusiasm is extreme gore and sex drawing of the show. I do not dislike any of these when they are done well, as in many other HBO shows, but here at least they lengthened tough sexual scenes including Jason Stackhouse on the top a bit and uselessly. <br /> <br /> About the only nice thing I can really think of saying about this mess is that I loved the opening title sequence. HBO has had a series of bad luck with their recent performances, and I hope they will cancel this after the first season and try to get something better on the air.
