This offer had a lot of hype but I did not know it until the middle of the season (season one). Someone recommended to show me. But I decided that if I watched, I would wait until the end of the season so I could see it in large quantities. Because of the display format, I'm glad I waited. I imagine that it could have been somewhat troublesome with the end of almost every episode in the middle of a cliff relationship then you have to wait another week to see what happens in the next second of the story. <br /> <br /> In a way, this gallery managed to throw a lot of sex. Jason will practice sex with nothing that moves much. After discovering that one of the women who had sex with him was killed, he slept with another lady the next night! Then Tara and Sam on it, although each knew that Sam was in love with Suki. For some reason, Suki feels mad when she gets to know him later - even though she sleeps with a vampire. One of the problems with the presentation is that it does not do a good job of making you care about the characters. I really did not care about Jason at all. Along with his endless quest of a tale, he was rude to people who were actually concerned for him. After a few episodes, I did not think if I killed somehow. For this reason, I was mostly uninterested in the murders until Sookie became a victim of a grandmother (since the first two of them were more connected to Jason). <br /> <br /> Then once you practice Sookie and Bill for sex, the story gets a few more subplots. Tara's mother wants to drive out evil spirits, and then the exorcist tries to convince Tara that she must have one to remove her demon. I did not feel very distressed by everything ejaculating as I know there are some people who really think about these things. However, they spend little time showing it as a farce after Tara spends about $ 1,300 on exorcism for her and her mother. At other points, some developments are taking place very quickly. Jason continues his flock, trying to sell his grandmother's things to buy vampire blood, which seems to be a new crack or something. In his search, he finds this girl who will do V (Blood Vampire) with him. They get high, and within three days they fall in love with each other and kidnap a vampire for a steady source of V. Another example is when Bill has to go to the vampire court. He left for just two days before Suki began to feel abandoned, and began to wonder if he thought "vampire politics" was more important than it was. <br /> <br /> Precision is not a strong suit for this offer. It does not take a genius to see what's going on with your local dog. Although my assumptions did not die, it was not a big surprise. But the last two episodes were really annoying because they pushed all the developments in your face as if you could not give up on yourself. When Tara bumps into a car accident, the face of a naked woman with the pig appears clearly and can easily be identified when she appears in prison to save her. As if this were not enough, they later showed the lady again with the pig in her house. Then it's time to end the murder story. At the end of the penultimate episode, he revealed that René was not the one to say he was probably the killer. In the final episode, René slams the killer being in your face. Sukie notes that it is strange that Rene's ideas do not have a tone. I thought this was good, because it adds to being a scam. But the next scene is full of shameful evidence against René. They have shown that René has a Modit tape with the vampire, and his fiancé finds a tape in one of Renee's boxes about how to fake the Cajun tone. At this stage it was ridiculous. I mean we got it! Thus blah blah blah, things happen. Bill kills himself almost while failing to save Suki, who is still able to kill Rennie. They started preparing Season 2 by leaving the issues unfinished. The naked pig lady and their decoration have a history, Lafayette has disappeared and may have been killed. Jason is on his way to brainwashing him to become a religious guinea by some anti-vampire churches - which makes me care even less. <br /> <br /> It's amazing how many people like this offer. I think I was expecting this offer to be better. I'm interested in seeing what happens in the second season, but if I see it, I'll probably wait for the end of the season.
