There are two types of characters on the shield: the people who try to do their best and do the right thing, the people who relentlessly pursue their personal interests and commit every mortal sin they can commit while telling themselves and everyone that they are heroes and the only hope for all. More than any other show, the shield revolves around hypocrisy and self-delusion. Unfortunately, the hypocrites and self-deception are the protagonists of the performances, and thus have an intolerable immunity to the heroes of the fantasy genre for defeat or constipation and get out of the top again and again, making them fools of all their peers. <br /> <br /> The show boasts an excellent camera function. Lead particulars and fading panes are always fascinating. It's really a work of art to see. Unfortunately, the story is a comedian scenario, complete the scenario of the desire for unjustified violence, rape, and lies. <br /> <br /> The hero, who draws everyone with him in a failed scheme after a failed scheme, is a smiley like Warner Bros.. A cartoon character, always escaping and making fun of all the tricks of the bitter (someone who does not support him in his lies and crimes), automatically attracts any nice-looking woman who supports her character to appear in the show, always avoiding any attempt to bring him to justice and always scraping your ears through his justifications. If another policeman discovers something wrong, and someone is injured because of his actions, he always blames the suspicious policeman, regardless of the fact that his plans, lies and his stricken plans are always the cause. Every time. <br /> <br /> Like the 24-year-old, this show relies on endless conciliation and delay to pull his story for season after season. Incredible boring stories are injected in the long run in the story lines each season to provide a skeleton to suspend the cut-off fatty meat that represents the acts of corrupt characters and inevitable cover. <br /> <br /> But the most disappointing thing is the arrogance of the book as they try to change the audience's sympathy back and forth, to form characters when they come down. Sometimes, they want us to see Shen as an enemy. Sometimes they want us to see him as a misunderstood bad soul. Sometimes they want us to see Vic as a dangerous sexy Dinamo. Sometimes they want us to see him as a poor man with a golden heart. Sometimes they want us to see Mara as a despicable Iselle. Then they think that if they show her sitting and talking about her dreams with Shane, we will find her sympathetic and tragic. <br /> <br /> Any of this manipulation is not enough to get the kind of sympathy they want. Once these characters appear to destroy the lives of others for their own ends, that's all. It is nonsense to continue trying to flipping back and forth. But then, it is also illogical to produce seven seasons of these petty clowns who paint every supernatural model of their family and run a criminal gang outside the police station directly under the noses of everyone.
