In South Africa, a young black man tries to play a role in "Gangsters." But without knowing the life of the streets, he was told to know how this life really looked or would not participate. Runs his way into a gang led by an old friend of his from school and his chances of appearing in the film retreat because he is committing acceptable crimes. But for the gang leader, the growing disaster of his new friend's life suggests a golden opportunity to do something better than himself. <br /> <br /> While this may seem relatively interesting, it represents nothing but. The first half of it is incredibly tortuous and tedious, while "hijacking" only happens eventually with some low-speed car chases executing. In this "stalking", only two police cars are used, both in early April 90 in April Sunny. These things will not only be cheap (I find it hard to believe they will use such old earthly cars in South Africa in 2000), but as far as I can remember, there are only two participants and none of them gets zero. The car chases were launched very badly, with remote camera angles and bad timing and minimum traffic on the roads, and it all ended in about two minutes maximum, where you are supposed to believe that a very young child is actually an adult driver can master Evade easily from the police despite being a pedestrian and not entirely controversial. This now leads me to characters and representation, both of which are bad. The above-mentioned child drives the car and looks forward to about 13 years and assumes he is very skilled at the incredibly inefficient police loss. Everyone is equally unconvinced, so much so that they sometimes feel bored themselves. <br /> <br /> In the final scene of the film, the gang leader asks our main character (Sox Moraka) to steal a car from a parking lot. When there is a problem opening it, the police arrive and ask him what he is doing and answer that it is their car. After a brief argument they try to arrest him, then police are held at gunpoint and jump back into their car. After entering, the police responded to the fire in turn was injured. After a pathetic chase sequence, they decided to give up the car and set them on fire to destroy any evidence. The following here is one of the most ridiculous and terrible special effects that I have ever seen. When the car "explodes", the blazing flames suddenly appear from every window with horrifying sound effects that are not even in time. It has been done very badly and then it seems difficult to put into words and really needs to be seen to be believed. If you watch it slow, it looks fun. I have seen better effects in reconstruction documentaries. The Volkswagen Golf MK2 GTi. Something that does not deserve a large sum at all, and they seriously can not destroy it with a real explosion? I would like to know the budget size of this film. It was a feeling so cheap that I was surprised to be outside South Africa, and I was even more surprised by issuing a DVD. <br /> <br /> I know it's not Hollywood's huge budget. I know it's meant to portray gangs in the poor towns of South Africa that steal middle class cars and sell black market parts, but with ridiculous influences, badly executed car chases, bitter and ironic characters, and no sense of reality being lost. <br /> <br /> In general, I certainly do not recommend you to watch it. If you want to laugh and watch one of the worst amovie budget phrases ever created, I would recommend it, and that's just it. <br /> <br /> It's miserable, bad-made, poorly edited, the pace is bad and boring is a piece of budget low budget that fails in all respects. I have seen many South African movies, including many cheap motion pictures from NuImage / Nu-World, and despite their cheese, they are much better than this on all numbers.
