I just saw "if?" I can remember the 1968 film ads, so I was interested in seeing him finally. It may be that an American perspective did not go to a British public school and did not miss some social references, but I thought the film was bad. For one thing, as others have pointed out, it takes almost the entire film until a long time erupts. For others, whether the last scene is real or imagined, what happens is not a rebellion, but a shooting frenzy. There is a big difference. <br /> <br /> I know it may be bad to judge a movie in subsequent events, but one can not avoid doing it here. One person wrote a published bulletin board asking us not to compare the end of the film with the incidents at the Columbine High School and Virginia Tech. But if there is a big difference between Klebold, Harris and Cho on the one hand and Travis (Malcom McDowell) on the other, I can not see him. All four were under the illusion that their fire would purge a famous world that bore no responsibility for arrogance. <br /> <br /> This leads me to: Why the hell Travis and his tones? Even in school despise? They are adults or close to him. They are not in a military prison, like the prisoners in "The Hill," a British film much better than almost the same time. No one forces them to go to college and take whips, except aspiring parents who need to wake up about the nature of their children. I had the opportunity at college to join Fart, but I could not get silly and harsh orders from delinquents who claim to be my potential "brothers." I took the consequences of not having "in" with the institution provided by Farat, and I can not say that I regret it. <br /> <br /> If Travis imagines the coming of Lenin II (who has hung his unabashed image in the lead in his room) he is free to go out and organize an experienced union or work for Michael Foot in the next election. If he wants to be Jack Kerouac, go to the road and start writing. What is the potential benefit to the world in the joy of a motorcycle and sugar in his room? <br /> <br /> Sometimes, reviewers should be like the person who responded to the scene at "Last Tango In Paris" where Brando mopes about having to go on a date with cow manure on his shoes. In the real world, the person said, the listener might say "Why did not you get rid of him? You changed your shoes?" - Do not allow fictional characters to put a pity on you because you do not dare to refer to a sensitive alternative way of doing them. So it is here.
