So .... is the film equivalent of the sergeant. Pepper's: Children's birth is the culmination of creativity and is seen as part of the absurdity of past and future generations. Now that middle class people around the world seem to be human because of the Internet, and look at the possibility of having a boarding school as a great opportunity thanks to Harry Potter books / films, the importance of ... is not beyond modern attention. In fact, many scenes seem too exotic and exaggerated to hint at the inspiration for The Pink Floyd's The Wall. <br /> <br /> One should never have a personal bias against a movie during the review and enhanced history of this film aside. There are some flaws that others have overlooked. Lindsay Anderson was known to be a fan of Louis Bonwell, as well as being very smart for his own good. Despite a direct account through the first and second works, the last part of the piece taken as a hostage by the surreal cod Bonwell and the tense attempts of the symbolism. Anderson was not able to achieve this feat because of his extravagant intelligence, failing to see that Bonwell was enjoying his work. I did not find a critic defending "the chaplain in a drawer", and I'm pretty sure he still appears sideways from those who love this film. The end does not represent a brief end to the class / value system in place, such as a wet slap on a moving target. <br /> <br /> The British government school system was well established for the middle classes (the upper crust is educated at home by private teachers). The method of action if .... are check boxes of general school life that Lindsay thought was unexplored in the film, leading to the claim of the middle class. Homosexuality, tableware for generations, cold showers and others. In fact, such issues have been covered in many other great British films, if .... brought them to the fore. Browning's version was more of a inspiration for such glamor, to name but a few. <br /> <br /> If .... weirdly strange, and simply can not be seen with modern eyes (especially American). Glory to Anderson to avoid Mick and Keith in favor of African cheers, and a few Brownie points to the underlying homeopathic hints. The points are deducted to pretend, identify the characters that disappear, and instigate a quick revolution.
