Ah, soul '68. The streets of Paris broke out with the rebellion, and the hippies were at the head of the spirit of love. How was Britain celebrating this era of extremism and revolution? In his appearance, Erm focuses on the production of films about children in boarding schools. If ... contains an evil organization. It contains the uprising of the oppressed. What it lacks unlike the passion of the Parisians and covering the head of the Hippies is any sense of excitement, except at the ends of the launch of ammunition and artillery. <br /> <br /> Lindsay Anderson's If ... stars at all Marsul McDowell, a school leader, is one of three pupils in private schools who decorate their homes with Lenin and other left-wing extremists. It is clearly an anti-institutional film in his portrayal of the evil upper class Oke who govern the Mujahideen and the old authoritarian practices of the public school's luxury standards. What makes it so ... It is unusual that, despite all its radical sympathy, it does not explicitly give us any feeling of extreme tension between human decency and the system of authoritarian schools; instead, it is just a kind of buoyancy: lack of conspiracy and lack of personality. <br /> <br /> The surreal bits fade away, and the film slips from black and white to color again (is it because the budget is low or is it identical?), but there is little interest in talking. All we have got is the influential guess as the young rebels reach their guns and drop the shady surfaces of the institution. Hooray! Revolution! Finally, which requires second thought unlike the rest of this dull exercise in daydream ride at school. <br /> <br /> If ... it could have been a strong political statement, but as it drifts away and collects only the sense of immediate attention in the end. Instead of being a testimony to the spirit of the dissident era in the late 1960s, it succeeds only in being a shocking document of upper class British education. Political chaos? Apathy is more like, the only man that many viewers want to stick to after watching if ... Lindsay Anderson will be.
