Not only did the British public school system develop with the idea of ​​higher education despite this widespread misconception. It was designed to produce administrators, governors, civil servants and military personnel to manage the British colonies. Of middle classes. When public schools began to show their value, groups of aristocrats were sent to them instead of being taught at home by teachers and nanny as before. They tended to prefer nearby schools "Town", so Eaton and Harrow became particularly popular with this class of parents.The vast majority of public schools took their students down from the bottom of the social scale.Tom Brown, probably the most popular public school student, Thus, in the late 1960s, England, a country suffering from post-colonial guilt, received its last commitment to former dependents as soon as Harold Wilson could get out of his Gannex, Lindsay Anderson, entitled "If "He was greeted with cruelty, joy by the chatter classes It should be remembered that the so-called "Summer of Love" was followed by the "October Revolution", an event that did not leave a few policemen in London with devastating heads and the US Embassy with broken windows or windows, but achieved nothing. So when Mr. Anderson's film arrived at the movie theaters, the former discontented revolutionaries indirectly identified what they saw as the glorious victory of Mr. Malcolm McDowell on an amorphous "theme" despite the fact that he had been shot mercilessly in the end. To access USEmbassy. The film did not tell us anything new about public schools, homosexuality, bullying showers, cynical teachers, ridiculous traditions, a very familiar list. It has been declared symbolic, comparing Britain to the corrupt and corrupt society the school represents. Well, nearly forty years in the same schools are still flourishing, the British social system has not changed, and the "October Revolution" has long been forgotten by only concerned by one side or another, Mr. Anderson has completed the "state of the country" trilogy without any impact on Absolutely. If you want to read a book about schoolchildren who have been more successful than MacDowell and his friends and lived in the story, look for a copy of "Stalky & Co." Written by a man who made a famous poem "If" I gave a name to Mr. Anderson's film, a man born in colonial India, a man who has been quietly displaced from our literary history. And did so before the conversation lessons succeed in declaring him an undesirable person, perhaps someone should start a revolution around it.
