There is a really good scene at Kane Fat. The title character wrestles with another woman and after being threatened, Fat Kane brushes her in the face. The scene works because this act is largely unexpected and strange and somewhat humorous at the same time. In this case, the writer / director Osman Sembin gives the audience an easy-to-root character, an interesting cinematic character that may be worth two hours to watch. In the scene, a courageous woman presents courage in her actions. For the rest of the film, the only thing he seems to offer is conflicting tones. <br /> <br /> Tone is everywhere. It is true that all films should not be clearly compatible with a certain type, but I do not think Fat Kane fits any kind. It is supposed to be a drama, although there are moments from this wide comedy (the spray above in the face) which can not be taken seriously. On the other hand, the film is certainly not a comedy with a plentiful amount of serious subjects that Simpini has jammed into the picture. There is a way to mix comedy and drama successfully. Unfortunately, Semebene does not find this balance. Instead, one scene after another drifts into one another without much rhyme or mind, leaving two different tunes hanging in the wind. <br /> <br /> Faat Kine also faces the problem of running for two hours with a final finish. The film ends with a big ceremony in which all character conflicts are resolved, and will only be resolved quickly. The scene lasts longer than any other scene, and lasts for probably twenty minutes. Since the rest of the scenes to this point were zigzagging, it is extremely difficult to bear the end with repeated early repetitions of the scene, making the viewing experience frustrating. <br /> <br /> I may also be hard on Fat Kane. I'm not the right audience for that. I did not feel anything about the characters and I have no connection to any part of the story. Some people will probably find something meaningful in the story and see strong characters. However, I could not do this, so I can not recommend it.
