Shock-merchant Leo Fulci takes a change in speed by producing a barely defeated film, a fantasy sword and a fictional charm instead of his usual tough, barely coherent film. <br /> <br /> The bold Orlando Bloom type, named Elias, travels from a society vaguely resembling ancient Greece across the ocean to the cave lands in an obscurely defined quest to fight evil, joining a hunter-hunter in the battle wolf-man and mutant mutants from The charming vampire evil nudes. Oblivion entails. The witch, persecutes the local cavemen and wants a magical bow for herself. It sends many disciples, each stranger than the latter, after our heroes who won in the end, where they struck a blow to the persecuted cave men everywhere. This movie contains a continuous stream of WTF? Elements and moments. <br /> <br /> For some reason, the whole movie is captured in a soft focus, and the image is not clear due to the continuous presence of fog on the screen. Maybe this was an attempt to create an atmosphere or to hide how everything looks fake. In either case, it failed. There is no atmosphere, unless this is a mystery and a bit puzzled and there is no hiding how lame everything looks. The wolf disciples man looks like a wookie to a poor man. For some reason, the director fell in love with footage of them jumping into the air in a slow, million-dollar-style move toward our heroes when they attacked. There are likely to be about ten of these clips during the film and become more brilliant each time. Other disciples of charming nudes, unlike humans dressed in general leather, are some nodal white mutants who seem to be covered in spider filaments. Needless to say, it is slow and non-threatening, and when they speak in a voice like Hispanic homosexuals, they are Dylux. The battles are simplified and unconvincing and the special effects are sad. Oh yes, this music is cheap synthetic things that the doctors who could be embarrassed to use. <br /> <br /> Elias, our hero is a nice nominal and can be forgotten. He also seems very reckless, especially with the diaphragm which reveals leather clothes and large hair, obviously a moron. Sure, it's a dynamite shot with its magic arc but it only takes three or four arrows with him in his mission to fight this whole evil continent. Needless to say, he runs out of arrows in a few minutes and must be saved by the traditional sword and witchcraft, Mas. When he meets Elias, he proves himself as the only kind of talk, claiming he has no friends, but as soon as you can say the full transsexual subsystem they are savage companions, and follow the misty hills together. Scepter undertakes to take the Elias with him in return for bow services. Elias asks where he is going. "Wherever my legs take me," is his response. Good enough for despair. Scepter is also a lover of animals and outrageous hypocrite. Announces his great love for animals and their proximity to them, citing the usual things about how he prefers them to humans because humans can be alike. He says he will not hunt and kill an animal to feed himself, but he will steal the meat from the others who hunted the animals. Nor is it above the indiscriminate killing of innocent bystanders without good reason. Shortly after their meeting, he tests a despairing dancer and cuts off some random caveman, deals with his own company, walks along the road and shoots Mas. There is no evidence that this poor spirit has done anything to deserve it, and even Elias, who supposedly descends from a more moral and civilized society, does not lift the eyebrow. <br /> <br /> Evil movies are very unusual. For the entire film, she is completely naked except for a gold chain and a golden mask that covers her entire head. Fulci looked like it was included to make mandatory T & A movies but decided it was a bit of a butterface at the last minute. She spends a lot of time apparently in the fun of her pet snakes and dreams of being shot by an unidentified man wearing clothes like Elias. Wow, this avatar! Later in the film, she is wasted when she can not overcome Elias and Maes, preparing to make herself a sex whore for some veterans if he kills them for her. Barely more frighteningly evil in the world and not really a step forward for women's rights. I think that the creatures of the spider web on our heroes and the impersonation of a scepter in a situation where there is no one else, but the scepter deceive. Was it really worth trading your respect for yourself? <br /> <br /> There are quite a few other WTFs? Moments. Most of them come at the end of the film. Elias has faded, and forgotten why, perhaps he felt his hairy hair, but he realizes his mistakes and returns to help the mace fight the forces of evil. Suddenly, without a reason, the arc can suddenly release a multiple target seeking energy bolts. Bolts can also release solid rocks if necessary. Needless to say, it makes a short work of hordes of bad guys who have taken over the scepter. <br /> <br /> The peak is also somewhat illogical. The mace destroys the remaining Ocron forces using the braces to attack the laser. Then he can shoot the Ocron from a distance of one kilometer using the fire through the ability of the rocks. It begins with death. Rip her mask from revealing the head of a hopeless Muppet. They sway around screaming and turn into a dog and walk around with another dog. Smile Wand. Roller credits. <br /> <br /> It is strange that these sword and sorcery movies with low and confusing budgets are very low. Anyone who has seen the Wizards of the Lost Kingdom can tell you how these films can be meaningless.
