Although Blue Underground was released on DVD about five years ago, I did not encounter this Italian element "sword and sorcery" on Italian television late at night. Now that I have seen it myself, I know exactly why. Not because of her typical manager's tendency to severe loopholes (some examples to be sure) or the fact that a handful of women are naked all the time (placed in the dark ages after all)? It is, quite simply, very bad things indeed. In fact, I will go so far as to say that it may be the worst of its kind I have ever seen, and believe me, I have seen a lot (especially in the last few years, ie after my trip to the 2004 Venice Film Festival)! When reading how the failure of the film at the time of the initial release is believed to have led to his subsequent career career (and regrettable) in Gore of the reckless low budget, I can see their point of view: perhaps the best former Folsi period "giallo" (1968-1977) (1979-82) myself but, even on the latter, his commitment was indisputable. On the other hand, it seems that the conquest was not at least an inspiration for Folsi? See how he decided to pull the proceedings with a constant annoying haze, and spray them with mismatched characters (cannibals vs wolves, anyone?), Gore irrelevant (we are dealing with a bad cannibal dinner, Literally hit their brains by their hairy opponents!) And even some very uncommon affinity between the evildoer, the masked, the brainless (do not ask) with her gentle reptile pet! For what is worth it, we have two heroes for one price here: a little boy carrying a magical bow on some certain ascetics of manhood (Andrea Occhipinti) and his traveling companion muscles (Jorge Rivero ie Frenchy from Howard Hawks) RIO LOBO [1970]!) Although it is called Mace (abbreviation for Maciste, perhaps?), It seems to be there just to throw on the cave man from time to time and take out the younger protege of trouble (especially during a period that has exceeded the maximum) unpleasant attack of "boils"). Unfortunately, even the usual saving grace for such low-weight material appears here at a time when the former electronic result of the former Spaniard Claudio Semonetti seems inappropriate at times. So that Folsi struggles to give the film funny comic pictures as the surviving bovine hero returns to the wild (after one defeat with the help of all the very important magic bow? Much because of his supposed physical strength!) On his next face? Thank God did not disturb? Adventure!
