Do you know all those messages to "Father's Day" and "Jesus" that are sent every year? Well, it turned out that it had not actually been delivered but dropped in an unforgettable corner of the post office for rot unless a bright spark was discovered how to publish it. With the advent of exotic settings, he is a winner and one that fits the very odd film Dead Letter Office. Having said that, it's obviously an Australian film rather than a British film. If the mail is royal, most messages will get this kind of treatment anyway. I have not been in this apartment for two years and we still receive messages from Mr. Wang, some priests at another day's church I have never heard of before, and many industrial equipment catalogs addressed to the plumbing company. <br /> <br /> The Dead Letter Office (the name given to the place where non-Muslim mail ends) follows the story of Alice (Miranda Otto), who grew up in a seriously divided house. In writing to her absent father, she only learns in adulthood that her messages have not been delivered for one reason or another. So, logically, you get a job at D.L.O. She finds herself working alongside other social rejections, including Chilean immigrant Frank Lopez (George Del Huio). She finds herself drawn to him, but can she know where her father is, without knocking the self-contained world into the dead letter office? <br /> <br /> Nothing against this movie, but I was reminded of this film. Horrible film Heather Graham "committed" while watching this. However, this is far better than a pile of horse crap but again, this is not difficult. For a start, this movie is much more logical. It is true that the metaphors are fairly blatant and quickly transform the symbolic flow into a flood. But at least this is coherent and strange without having a full drive. It also behaves well. Otto and Del Hoyo are very good as devotees search for something they know they will never find while other characters are marginal at best. Part of the problem is that it seems to close very quickly, leaving this scene somewhat frustrating. The other part is that when you think of Australia's harsh immigration policy (for example, if you do not speak English, it is not advisable that such a story actually happens.) Other characters, unfortunately, also help shake realism by proving that it is no more It's just a bit different, but it may not be for everybody's taste but I liked it, yes, it's been hacked and predictable, But sometimes it is good to watch a movie without weapons, violence, or swearing or naked performance (there is no chance of that in an Australian film). There's no big laugh, there's no bullet time, and the characters are usually one-dimensional, but that's the story that interests us, and although it's not devastating to Earth, it's a fun enough way to spend time. Crow - it's good to hear it over and over again but you will not really miss it if there is not.
