"No one knows anyone" is an intriguing film about conspiracy theory about a satanic attacker / nut that targets Seville's religious celebrations during Holy Week. He was also the best friend of the film hero. The plot was prepared by the suicide bomber as a computer game, with himself and hero as players, and Sevilla as a virtual environment. The real alleys and streets of the city begin to face the maze qualities of those old Pacman-style games. Viewed in this way, the scene in which the hero and his female companion are pursued by repentants with black hoods with guns may not seem as silly as he plays. <br /> <br /> From the beginning, we realize that narration is constructed as a game - the hero's mission is to create crossword puzzles for a popular newspaper. At one point, the crossword grid on his screen becomes the chessboard he later plays against his girlfriend's father. The clues are freely spread, with the camera mysteriously shutting down only images that later appear to be important (such as advertising in the bar). The items of the detective / paper hunt are performed as part of the ongoing game, rather than investigated after they occur. The film is heavily borrowed on the Se7en style story, and it is assumed that anyone with a Catholic education will gain the importance of certain events occurring on certain days in the run-up to EAster. <br /> <br /> In this reading, the game is level combo, where the hero fights against an enemy (in this case, the computer) to win and save the day. But there is a second game, the same movie, which the first vandalism. There is another set of clues that do not refer to the intentions of the murderer, but the director and his protagonists. In the first ten minutes there are references to chess, a writer named Navokov and a cult leader named Sarin. If we remember that the beloved name of Nabucco in chess in the thirties was Sirin, we will see another game in full swing, a game we do not doubt being a villain, but the hero himself. <br /> <br /> In Nabokov's novel "Pale Fire", a character creates a text designed to conceal his own motives, and to provoke a game between the writer and the reader to reveal the real text. Throughout the film, there are visually distorted scenes (such as contracting images), or obscurely defined dreams and hallucinations make us doubt the hero's point of view. All the opening references of the games are linked to it. In the early sequences, much of the impotence and creativity of the character is formed, so the film can be an attempt to master his life, to be a winner, in a way he can not actually. No longer wins the game until the writer's block disappears. The words he writes are the title of the film, suggesting that the author is comprehensive. Moreover, this title reflects in Spanish itself negatively, a very Nabucco coup suggesting a hero, like Kinbote, trapped in his own soul. <br /> <br /> This is a collection of post-modern literature (Borges, Eco, Pynchon) also hinted at), Venture, X Files, Run Lola Run, Chris Marker (the idea of ​​the city and its history as a map and text; ), The anti-religious Bonoilian film and "Shock" films by Alex de la Ejlesia create a film in which every intelligent intelligent element eliminates the last distracted attention. The blurred rules of the game make them incomprehensible, and eventually worn. <br /> <br /> Ironically, in such an overly designed work, the main interest of the film lies in its documentary quality, as a record of a narrative in a real city with its own events taking place independently. Such ambiguous ambiguity in fact and imagination can create a masterpiece such as "Sans Soleil" or "London", but in the end, you must have a light touch to suit your intelligence.
