Vampires vs Zombies starts with breaking news that the unknown disease spreading throughout America leaves the casualty dead and cannibals ... Travis Fontaine (CS Monroe) and his teenage daughter Gina (Bonnie Giroux) listen to the radio while driving isolated isolated roads To try to escape the disease when Travis runs on someone I assume he is supposed to be a coma. Soon after, he stops working to help Julia (Brink Stevens) and her teenage daughter Carmela (Maratama Karlsson) waving along the road. At this point there is also a third teenage girl named Tessa (Melanie Kristall) sitting in the back of Julia's restricted and gagged car. To me, this attitude may seem strange, but Travis, like a soldier, takes everything in his step and agrees to "take" Carmela out of Julia's hands. Well, I do not really know. So, with a complete stranger, Travis goes on leaving Julia and Tessa. Carmella looks like a pretty girl but she turns into a vampire and she likes to bite people into vampires, you part of some lesbians as well. Travis, Carmela and Jenna continue to travel while someone who calls himself General (Peter Rogenes) who looks like a kind of vampire killer probably has a relationship with everything but the movie is such a mess that does not really matter and I do not really know how to continue plotting this plot where My head hurts me as soon as I think of it ... <br /> <br /> It was edited and co-produced, executed, written and directed by talented non-talented Vince D'Amato Vampires Vs. Zombies is one of the worst horror movies ever, and thus one of the worst films ever made. D'Amato's scenario seems to have been based on a classic "Carmilla" by Chardin Le Fano (he should sue), an absolute mess, and the holes in the plot and logic are so big that you can drive a tank through it! What is the disease that turns people into zombies? Why Karmela Vampire? Who is Julia to her? Who the hell is the general? What does he want? Where is Travis and Jenna walking? How can Travis run a man but he does not have the slightest human emotion? What is the mental suite in the end? There are also some confusing and unnecessary dream sequences just to annoy the viewer more. There are a lot of wrong things in this film, the narration has no blind meaning, the concept is terrible and is never correctly interpreted, in addition to being incredibly boring. I have nothing positive to say about Vampire Vs. Zombies, not the same. Forget any vampire fighting Zombie because it does not happen, tell me again why this movie was called Vampires Vs. Zombie? <br /> <br /> Director Dumato presented one of the most unqualified viewing experiences, bad garbage, poorly studied, and painfully painful at all. Vampires versus zombie really does not have any advantages at all, there is no one side I can praise it. It seems that the jaws are really fake, there are some splashes of blood that look like red water, some cheap cheap effects and a nice half peak where the zombies feed on the intestines of Carmella and Gina. This rather evil scene may be the best part of the whole miserable film but it lasts for a few minutes Only and does not compensate in any way for the other turgid 85. <br /> <br /> Budget on Vampires Vs. Zombies must be small, in fact he did not have a budget because most of them are placed on a road in two cars. This is one of the worst horror movies, it was my bad luck to watch it, it's all just sucked. Behaving horribly unexpectedly, I mean awful. <br /> <br /> There's not much more to be said, Vampires Vs. Zombies are easily one of the worst films ever produced. (V) next to the title on the main IMDb page for Vampires Vs. Zoimbies point out that they went directly to the video, which is very good for this pile of nonsense because they deserve to go straight in the nearest fire.
