First, I have to stress how little time I spent commenting on a film I saw, and it takes a very special time for me to take time and write my feelings about a film. However, among the hundreds of films I have seen, I have seen some of the most glamorous films, Shashank, the most spectacular, The Woman in Black, The Fool, Shark Attack III: Megaladon, and now the worst: Vampires vs. Zombies. <br /> <br /> The first thing to say is that this movie is not funny! For those looking for a light-hearted movie it will be fun or at least so bad that it's funny, look elsewhere. It is true that such a film does not try to be precise and wonderful, with such an address you must know what you will enter. However, there is no excuse for a film to give up any rule governing the world of filmmaking. This is not an argument between the process of traditional filmmaking and more recent and more "technical" techniques for creating a film. It is an argument between bad directors and companies that are charged for making awesome films. <br /> <br /> This film suffers from more than one use saying, "I do not know where to start." Really all about this movie is broken. From acting to editing, there is no reason for any film to fail to present a homogeneous series of events such as Vampires vs. Zombies. Some of the following problems are; 1. Disruption of the scene - it is clear that the director, camera crew and actors were not on the same page. In one scene in particular, the scene begins with the camera positioned on the ground as it looks at the side door of the passenger in the car. You expect the person inside to come out, but there is an exaggeration, and this is not an exaggeration, at least 10 seconds, there is a delay between the camera and the director says "Procedure" for where anything happens on the screen. The viewer is staring at the car door all the time without sound, no motion, just the molded "dead air" that radio or television commentators fear. Where was the liberation? 2. Representation - a crime that can be alienated In most cases, you can not expect a film like that to win the Oscars after all, but it takes Vampires vs. Zombies behaved badly to another level altogether. These "actors" were barely able to read their texts clearly because anyone with any ability to read and speak could pronounce words better than these fools. My only comparison to the representation should be the opening scene of Resident Evil on Playstation. But this representation was better. <br /> <br /> 3. Story - Wait, what? a story? Again, you can not expect this to be the greatest story ever, but do you have to ask that we have some aspects of narration? Why vampires? Who are the characters? Who are the bad guys? Are there good young people? Why all lesbians? But more importantly, what is the deal with the zombie? If you have watched this movie, you will understand what I mean, but for those who would not be ordinary, there would be no zombie in this film except five minutes from it. It was as if the director had forgotten the name of the film and had to throw some zombies in the end. <br /> <br /> There's a lot, but I hope I do enough. To prevent anyone from seeing this movie.
