Although it is not really a scary film (especially since it was produced directly for TV distribution), it would be very difficult to point to one side of the original or truly refreshing "Bloodsuckers." Vampires in space are not a completely new equation. Even after dealing with many of these monsters in this particular context, no one seems to realize that it is an incredibly stupid idea and can not produce a decent horror film halfway. Even the "blood-suckers" take a step forward and shamelessly mimic every imaginable animated picture that revolves either on vampires and intergalactic warfare. The plot and characters are directly stolen from John Carpenter's "The Mars Ghost" and James Cameron's "Aliens", where a crew of future vampire hunters cross through space and regularly catch up on mutants that they call a strange name on famous horror icons, Leather. Good people are a bunch of pathetic stereotypes, always dealing with vulgar issues and arguing endlessly about unimaginably important issues. Captain Damien is an unpopular rookie who will have to prove his leadership now that he has become more or less responsible for the death of the former (and most loving) Churchill captain. Other nagging characters include the typical Cowboy style and the rude, muscular leader, a strong fight with more balls than any male on board (they are of Asian descent, like the girl in the "aliens" were Latino) and the army's most secret weapon value: Blade Girl! Quintana is a beautiful and deadly vampire chosen by humans. It can detect enemies when they are still out of the light and can also do evil things with someone's wet dreams. In the end they all learn to work as a team when they are forced to confront the ultimate vampire: Michael Ironside (in another downgrade). "Vampires" is an unbelievably stupid film, but it is able to entertain as long as it is characterized by their murder, their childish lives and the effects of make-up on OTT. It becomes unbearably boring when the frustrated soldiers blame the captain for the thousandth time and without. This film is a nonstop series of lame cliches and non-innovative ideas, but at least it can be seen.
