Man was the farthest distance from the earth and is now traveling to new worlds. But with new worlds come the ancient evils ... vampires from space. Not just a bunch but whole tribes. In this film (which I have seen "vampires" but I think it also goes in the name of "vampire wars") we see what happens when the imperialist landlings meet with the imperial vampires. <br /> <br /> I will make this revision very short because it does not deserve a good review. The best I can say for this film is that it has a good set of B stars and the next menu. Natassia Malthe was Quintana and was the most appealing here of "Bloodrayne 2". Michael Ironside is Muco, and he's always favorite with fans (as I said, he's the poor man Jack Nicholson). Until we get Carrie Ann Fleming's "Damian's Wife", which fans will now recognize as Jennifer, nicknamed "Jennifer" by Dario Argentino. So this film, as bad as it is, is not without some names ... but the same can be said about the works of Uwe Boll. <br /> <br /> The concept of military tracking and killing vampires in space is not necessarily a bad idea, but it is easily located in the world of "cheese" and this movie is difficult. Representation, especially from the vampires, is over and I have not found any explanation for their very convincing presence. Worst of all, vampire tribes bear the names of "Vorhis" and "Leather Fronts". I understand that this was supposed to be a smart reference for horror lovers, but it was not smart at all. It looked stupid and externally (unlike the more accurate references in James Gunn's "Slither", such as the naming of stores after lesser-known horror directors). <br /> <br /> That's all I want to say. If you can stand up a lot of cheese (on this day I could not from Wisconsin) and want to see ordinary actors dressed in bad costumes fighting vampires in space (although "space" is much like any other forest on Earth) This one, if you can find it. I do not recommend this personally when you can watch other cheesy vampires (John Carpenter's "Vampires") or other cheesy space movies. Or maybe even some of them are good. But, hey, I do your thing.
