I saw this couple of nights back, I did not expect much and not surprisingly it did not offer anything very exciting. The plot of a group of vampire hunters (V-san, for vampire sanitation facilities), wandering around in their spaceship space vans periodically killing and rescuing people, is a very good voice and the film has been better handled it might be something completely shred . Unfortunately, after a fairly decent opening, the sense of actual quality begins to move away from the film, leaving behind something laughable, although it can be seen suddenly. I do not expect anything special from these films that appear on the Sci Fi Channel, and this at least was not one of their creatures features with a pitifully nasty cgi monster, but it was still very bad, mostly due to writing and acting, The overall bad made by the music is terrible. When the film chose just a typical science fiction that sounded like a strange sound to the soundtrack, it did well, but often the bad, bad rock was very joyous, snooping and landing. I was tolerant of the general castration and writing more if I did not choose music, which was a serious misjudgment, turning things from a cheesy to a comedy to my mother. Among the actors, Dominique Zambrojna was fine, but he was nice as the nominal hero, while Lin Adachi was very upsetting as she was the tough girl in the team, and Aaron Pearl played another member who was not well written or fun enough to make an impression. Although she did not look good in the natal castration Natasia, she has performed well through a less angry character than the others, and the fact that she is very nice to look at. The only serious name in the cast is Michael Ironside, who is indifferent to him even though he works wonderfully and deliberately. He seems to enjoy earning his salary and entertaining. The effects are good overall, they are at least the standards of the average science fiction program, there are also some blood scattering scenes and a bit of fun. Things are going well, and I almost sort of label this film badly, but then I remember laughing at regular intervals and realizing that unless the film was a deliberate comedy, I do not think it is, then it does not. Lame, silly, unconvincing, it's a good effort I think I did not like, just skip it if you dig the Sci Fi trash or chuckle I'll say.
