People with blood have the ability to be a fairly fit film. The concept of military species tracking vampires in space is one of those ideas that has some potential in the world of the most fun things. Even the idea that the universe is full of different vampires, all of which have different features, many of which are still to be discovered, is also a wonderful idea. For life in the extraterrestrial galaxy is a vampire, I'm not sure what the makers of this work mean, given the nature of the vampires. Who is the hell who is supposed to feed him if almost everyone is a vampire I do not know. Since it shows in the film a low mix of Firefly / Serenity and Vampire movies with a group of aliens. <br /> <br /> The parts of the action in the movie are very mediocre and derivative (especially from Serenity) - they are well executed and there is enough flick for a vampire, including a variety of comic blood. There are a lot of personal things, mostly boring, come from conflicts between characters that mostly look like immature pinholes - primarily the dude of cowboys and Asian women. There are a few personal scenes that actually kind of work and actors do not play very badly but mostly slow down things. A wonderful attempt to show characters but people do not watch a film called Bloodsuckers for personal development and drama. Acting is actually okay. Michael Ironside shines it and is fun to watch more than ever, and at least a couple of women's lanes. SFX space is not too bad for what is obviously budget work. The story is again medium and derivative, but as I said, the world in which it was created has little potential. Bloodsuckers really look like a leader in the dynamics of television series that have been introduced and the world has been introduced but not explored and so on. <br /> <br /> The film contains some highlights and moments of scratching - the kind of things that make these elusive products really changeable. - The scene where our heroes grill talking creature kind sock doll lovable. kidding. - "Sex Scene". WTF really. - Fadl "and Michael Ironside in the role of Moko". The most disturbing aspect of all this is the truly horrifying and inappropriate pop music that they hold very loudly on half of the film's scenes. It is painful to listen to what is only average at best, and to detract from it. <br /> <br /> Essentially, watching well is that you like something cheese, even if it's just a chest box scene.
