Although the actors were good, especially Fritzie Haberland as "blind" Lilly, only the film scenario is a totally obsessive and arbitrary hummus. A famous playwright (Hilmir Snær Gunnason), who became blind after a car accident, runs away for himself and his fate. Lily, being without seeing since her birth, is a teacher for the blind and wants to make him "see" again. (Blind people see their fingers, nose and ears). This movie has become my music. The longer they go, the more their relationship develops, which has been expected since the beginning of the film. Director of the theater on the road to his mother (Jenny Grulman). His mother lives somewhere in Russia on the sea and makes art installations - of course, what else to do! - And still live, because she is waiting for his son, to die. my Lord! These are the destinies! <br /> <br /> Finally the son arrived! Mom celebrates a big ceremony! At the beach. The wind blows and the piano plays on the real piano in the middle of the dunes. Yes, they celebrate her farewell. The son arrives in time. The mother can finally swallow the pills run by a beautiful nurse. Now the great artist can die in the arms of her great artist son, and talk about sad reflections about living in perfect German, while the son answers harshly. Because the son is unable to see, he does not fall in love with the nurse, - will result from the film scenario is also complicated! - But she searches for Lily on her way home. <br /> <br /> Parallel to the road governor, Lili's sister, she asks for home stay from her abusive schoolmate to be emptied of her, who must first encourage himself. . Appropriate occasion. Because Mom (Tina Engel) is on a trip with Lily's lover, Paul (Harald Schrott). They are still Lily, to return them. Paul and Lily's parents do not fall in love, because the script has become very complex. The film script missed Paul's making of something very exceptional. I would suggest an architect or a pianist, or of course a famous one! When they finally find Lily, they want to convince her, and go back to Paul, because he has eyes that they see and can take care of. But Lili felt the love of his pupil, the theater director; did you mention that he was even a famous theatrical director? <br /> <br /> This is the art of German cinema! As you can see in this false production, the German Film Support Fund does not always produce good films, because it supports such pseudo-intellectual films. This film is really embarrassing. I have the impression that the cinematic text has been gathered together from some of the followers in cafes and restaurants. Everyone has the right to contribute to the idea. Til Schweiger is also likely to have contributed some intellectual intelligence, a co-producer. I remembered in this film another German film very painful: "Barfuss" - already spelling the title is not true! The DVD cover "Barfuss" proudly wrote: "Til Schweiger". This film also received subsidies from Filmstiftung NRW, Filmförderung Hamburg and FFA. <br /> <br /> Please do not spoil your time with this movie! There are really good movies in Germany. Watch out for directors like Marcos Rosenmiller, Joseph Felsmer, Hans Steinbacher, Hans Christian Schmid, Feith Akin ...
