Invisible Man has been a great film since 1933, a sophisticated film because it's time for things to appear on top of a man who was really invisible. Go ahead, look at the film, you will be shocked because it was made in 1933, and was the first real special effects film. In 2000, computer-aided special effects seem to be a play for children. The masses are not distracted by special effects, and instead are disappointed if they are not implemented properly. The special effects at Hollow Man, the HG Wells story update, are fine, but it's not the biggest problem in this film directed by Paul Verhoeven, which you might remember from Showgirls and Total Recall. Kevin Bacon plays the role of Sebastian Caen, a world biologist (yes, I know that's not a word), but of course he struggles with young people who threaten to rob the team. So, because the characters of the films you are about to cut off are likely to do so, he offers the ultimate sacrifice and becomes a guinea pig for the disappearance (yes, I know, I used that word again). This process has dire consequences, Kane does not die, but instead becomes a violent horny creature, also known as man. Now that he's not visible, Ken is chasing an exciting giraffe, a work colleague, his ex-girlfriend Linda (Elizabeth Shui), and the man who stole his money. Then something funny happens, Ken becomes a new supernatural being, "the thing that will not die". Ken laughs at the face of all natural things, faces death and spits in the face, where it takes a long time until this creature dies and leads to the end of the film. The film is silly, stupid, and finally funny the way realism is sometimes used, sometimes not. There are great possibilities at the Hollow Man, but of course none of them have been explored. To get a more interesting look at an invisible object, get ready for some good black and white cinema and check out Invisible Man's 1933 movie. Kevin Bacon will remain invisible when you come back and may still be alive at the bottom of the volcano.
