Ghost Town begins as Kate Barrett (Katherine Heikland) leads an isolated desert road, her car suddenly collapses and the horses' hooves come closer ... The sheriff's deputy, Frank Loose of Riverton County, is summoned to investigate Kate's disappearance after her father's reports are missing. He finds her dashed and will search for her. Unfortunately, his car also crashes and he walks. Langley ends up in an abandoned, shabby ghost town, and Langley soon finds out that she is a ghost town, inhabited by the ghosts of her former inhabitants and run by the villain Devlin (Jimmy F. Scaggs) who kidnapped Kate for reasons he never explained. . <br /> <br /> The unique and unique effort of director Richard Governer, this strange film did not do much for me and I do not like all this much. The text written by Duke Sandford tries to mix horror and Western species that do not do any great effect. Have you ever wondered why there are no western hybrid horror movies? Well, I do not have, but if I ask myself such a question, I'll find all the answers in Ghost Town because it's not very good. The two types just do not mix well. There are lots of cliches, on the west side of things, there are innocent people afraid to stand in front of a gang of thugs who terrorize them, shoot the main street, saloon bars with swinging doors and prostitutes on the top floor & the wise terror there are so many spider webs, , An old curse, speaking corpses and a few violent killings. I was very frustrated. I think there is nothing wrong with it except that it's boring and the two do not sit together well. There are some holes in the plot as well, why did Devlin kidnap Kate? I know she looks like his ex-girlfriend but how did he know that and what would he do with her anyway? We never know why this ghost city is filled with ghosts as well, what does it mean to keep them there and what prompted them to return as ghosts? Then there's a bit of a thing in the end where Devlin says after shooting that he can not just kill him to kill Langley after a few seconds, I mean why did bullets not work in the first place? <br /> <br /> The manager is fine, there is a nice horror movie ambience with some well-lit spider web sets and the standard West Hollywood city represented here on a central street with wooden buildings lined on either side. I would not say it is scary because it is not, there is not much tension either & the film pulls in places although just over 80 minutes in length. Lance is no surprise, there are some bloody wounds left by gunshots, after a real shot of two people with the slit of their throats, someone has a metal pole and that's all. <br /> <br /> I could imagine the budget was very small here and it is well made and efficient if there is nothing else. Credit where credit due to fashion period and collections really good indeed. The acting is fine but no one will win any of the awards. <br /> <br /> Ghost Town is a strange movie, I'm not really sure who is meant to appeal to & certainly did not like me. Anyone looking for a western will be annoyed by the elements of stupid horror while anyone looking for a horror film will be bored of Western elements. It's a bit different, but that does not mean it's good, worth watching if you're desperate but you do not spoil the gut to see it.
