I got a modern viewing experience with The Perfect Witness (2007) because the NetFlix computer recommendations engine suggested that I watch this movie. Apparently, at some point, I told him how much I liked Michael Hanekis, the video of Benny. I do not know about you, but these sketched parallels aroused in me a sensation of emotion and excitement about Thomas C.'s film. Without making my time so impossible. Only this kind of recommendations of computer intelligence in NetFlix, for me, the aesthetic / ethical film bar was level to a high degree, when thinking, was pretty much unfinished in every film produced in 2007. <br /> I really hate it because I think that our son, Wes Bentley, is not only one of the most interesting young faces in contemporary cinema, but also his talents The most overlooked and belittled film in the United States. I am more concerned than moderate that the poor man will be out of the ship of fame if he manipulates filmmakers for the first time like this. <br /> <br /> Perfect Witness is about Micky (Wes Bentley), who, for nearly thirty years, still lives with my mother ("You're not a drink back in the area ya?"), but "film director "Or at least a kind of street-level voyeur pension to shoot potential Jones at the stunning back alleys of Philadelphia with DVB 100B. There, doing a detective-like exercise, Mickey inadvertently records videos of a brutal murder of 20 unhappy sad men wrapped with his hand taped to a video camera. Taking into account the idea that snuff and films as a cultural currency could be equal to a ticket out of the white ghetto (and not to the friends and relatives who were not willing to put money into his hideous films), Mickey approaches. The attacker, James Mac (Mark Burkowski: also takes credit) or "Mac Knife" - whatever the blackmail of the killer in making a documentary about the pulse of his death, and holding these shots found on the attacker with police threats. <br /> <br /> The problem with this film is not that there are no interesting ideas because they exist. While both writing and directing are amateur, this alone does not make a bad film. These people make a rather weak assumption that what they offer is shocking in the context of a culture in which anyone in the free world can access a private computer, log on to the Web, and take the credibility of a head-on business on their Mac or PC. No film depends on the value of the shock alone (unless, of course, ironically, it is a film about torture in animals) and thus the cinematic images of violence (real or fake) have less and less cultural capital as each year passes. Also, we've got this amazing talent in the lead with everyone who is full of vitality and real hip: his 2-inch beard hat and skull hat with little bill on it, back, just like the high school pork that he craved after the potential services of the basic reformers the love? The same man who now calls himself a "poet". <br /> <br /> Save me. "I'm an artist," "I'm a filmmaker." Okay. Please do, and continue to shtick, crony. You seem to have bought you a lot of expensive 35 mm stock. To go ahead, you can wear all "creative" greetings but do not expect us to respond to you higher, and follow your character below the average during your two-hour film while spending your career at Wes Bentley. Why do not we just allow history to speak to the virtues of what you do, filmmaker. I think history will eventually say something about it, like, maybe this is not as good as you think. And yes, the odds are you'll blame your dear Oli, and end up like our man Mickey here in the perfect witness; hooked on your face and covered with the blood of your friends with a video camera in your hand. Great.
