Another day stuck inside, another movie to watch. After I finally finished shopping at Christmas yesterday on a cold, foggy afternoon, I had nowhere else to go to escape the "land that I forgot the time". Or rather, I had nothing else to see. <br /> <br /> Doug McClure, the stronghold of eminent actors, leads a handful of Allied sailors who drowned by a U-boat somewhere in the Atlantic in 1916. The capture of U-Boat (in a scene defying logic and reason) finds themselves In the end a strange island, seemingly untouched by human hands. Together, they explore the earth and discover dinosaurs and primitive humans! Can they escape before they become permanent residents of the land forgotten by time? <br /> <br /> Although produced a few years before Star Wars, these films have light years in terms of special effects. The model footage is a bit better than anything you would expect in an episode of the movie Stingray from Gerry Anderson and the creatures are not the best either. When T-Rex was killed (I suppose this is what it was), it fell the same way zombies do when you kill them - frozen in the middle of walking and falling apart, holding arms and legs like a sleeping cow was pushed over. Granted, the groups are not too bad, but the endless blast sounds (which all look alike) are doing their best to destroy your credibility and your enjoyment of the whole picture. The characters are not believable or deserve your sympathy for firing their weapons at anything that seems to be moving. In the end, I did not care whether they left the island or not, and by the time the end came, I felt more comfortable than entertained. <br /> <br /> The costumes are authentic enough for the cavemen to arrive, and they are bikinis with bears and silk fabrics. Although it was fairly clear of their behavior, you would not know that some of the characters were German of their dialects. The whole thing lacked some refinement and cohesion, leaving the viewer puzzled and unsettled elsewhere. In general, this movie barely records a ripple of excitement these days although you can find some small entertainment in an attempt to find out where Colin Farrell is. He spotted his name in the credits and predicted half the appearance of a baby with an Irish accent and a hair in his face. Oh, okay. Nothing wonderful here in particular to see then, but do not worry if you eat lunch and weather prevents more activity.
