I just finished watching this movie. I was very excited because I'm very impressed with Punk Rock, Horror and Spoofs. I was very surprised by what I saw. I knew it was a low budget, but I did not expect it to be recorded with a video camera. It opens with a good song and a very wonderful band, The Horrorpops, and repair their song, where they roam, killing instantly in ugly ways. It is a wonderful opening. But the problem lies in the fact that until the end, that was all the film was about. Live performance, death. Another live performance, death. Become old. There is a gross (literally) overeating in the intestine in the scenes of death. Why does the killer not use other body parts, such as legs, eyeballs or brains? Do not get me wrong, this movie has some great parts. Such as the hard-line French band, known as BERET, has a band called Atticus, the scene that contains the performance of The Used and Simple Plan members playing together, as none of the bands had enough members to play their show, and the bowling of the guitarist Sobez And proud of him in a really fun way, which I will provide to the observers of this film in the future. But the big problem I face with this film is initially a comedy, but after a while, a terrible lack of talent representation in many of the "actors". In particular "Distorted Round Distorted", Kevin Lehmann. He tries hard, but I think he did not want to produce the film, but he was contractually committed or something like that. In addition, sound quality is terrible and there are no translations on the DVD. The film plot plot is blurry and very random. Something about magic sword and Lloyd Kaufman as a devil. Bottom line, this movie has a lot of good qualities, but not enough to be anywhere near a horror movie, music or decent comedy. Although I should be credited for turning it into a few teams that I have never heard of, otherwise. Such as a tsunami bomb, and Phenomonauts (Crazy Gang, Psychobilly). I recommend you rent this movie, watch the first 10 or 20 minutes, and if you want to, watch the next 20 or 30 days if you still want to watch it, then watch it. If not, just go to the special features and watch all your music videos and live shows. They are rocks! Live the wicked rock and horror!
