This movie can be named as a study case. It's not just the fact that it shows an unhealthy and unprofessional lust for anything that can be called as Kaku photos. The author lives with the impression that his holy rebellion against some of the general social ills called "Typhilis" ("Moldova is the poorest region in Europe"), "I do not think a single atom in avian influenza," "steals the Roman people because they are poor; Europeans steal because they are thieves" ) Is somewhat closer to the moral and technical position responsible - but it is largely elusive! <br /> <br /> What Daneliuc does not know is that it is not enough to imagine a good person. You also need a bit of professionalism, talent and intelligence to turn this situation into a technical product. Destiny, "The Foreign Legion" shows a bit of prudence like a family video with Angel Gogo wet himself drunk in front of the guests. The script is chaotic and uncoordinated, filled with random subjects with half a variety, in an illiterate attempt to suggest a kind of story. The direction is frighteningly pathetic - the so-called "director" is unable to build at least a normal scene, his footage is embarrassingly embarrassing, and any sense of storytelling shines because of total absence. (Of course, you must stop any comment at this level; it would be absurd to mention the concepts "cinematic language" or "means of expression" or "style"). Representation is the level of "Cântarea României" ("Rants of Romania"), except ... Ironically, football goalkeeper Nicolas Radakano, a very natural, Nicodem Angoriano. Oana Piecnita seems to enjoy a real freshness, but is influenced by the amateur guidance of Daneliuc. <br /> <br /> The most serious aspect of this crime to decent cinema is the fact that production received huge funding from the national budget, via CNC (National Film Council). The fact that dead old dinosaurs like Daniluck are still hungry for government supplications is understandable (in a market-driven economy, they will be eliminated immediately through natural selection). But the corruption of the so-called "jury" that is squandering the nation's money on such repulsive, non-cinematic and non-cultural art belongs to the criminal realm.
