Instead of moving in writing from start to finish, this story revolves around an HIV-positive homosexual couple "circulating" in time for their "perfect day". The film is organized as a life remembered by asynchronous fragments and not by a sequential flow as it happened directly. <br /> <br /> The narration has lyrical moments, especially in describing the impact of the expected loss or experienced. Dialogue unfortunately lacks such grace. Often, the program forces actors to say things that are stupid or insensitive in an amazing way that seem quite out of character. In their second encounter, clearly smiling with each other, Philippe Al Hassi encourages a hesitant man to tell him his difficult week. But the moment the man begins to open up, Philip, the English leader, yells, "You're not a crisis fairy, are you?" Later, while watching the naked and curved body of his sweetheart walking across the bedroom toward him, young Shakespeare begins to love to make the beauty of the moment with words, "the way space is cut .... I can not even describe it" - but lacks the verbal skills to complete idea. This kind of leadership continues in Hospice's AIDS scenes, dotted with lines like, "What made me think death would be elegant and tied to ribbons?" And "You make Florence Nightingale look like a rat nurse." <br /> <br /> The film often suffers from a lack of bruises in accuracy. Non-granular characters are more distorted and flatter than steam. Phillip's soiled friends - a swaggering and noisy credit fund in need - keep a constant kawi rolling around everyone who crosses his path. Such ejaculation can provide the writer with a wealth of opportunities for intelligent social commentary, but unfortunately, their remarks are unpleasant or unsupported by intelligence or insight. It is difficult to tell if our screenwriter has designed mentally limited characters or if he runs the perimeter of his rope. <br /> <br /> The plot may be the most appealing to those who praise this film and resonate. It seriously explores middle-class gay life in the United States in the 1980s: first encounters, courtship, coupling, nesting, the complexity of open relationships, friction and breakage, melting, physical abuse, closeness, tolerance, illness, death and survival. Both Villan and Spirtas lead to good performances for good performance and complex characters over time. Their beautiful appearance helps explain both the chemistry that brought these two together through insensitivity and selfishness as well as chemistry that helped some viewers overcome the painful weaknesses of this film. He added the decision of chopping the arc of the plot into tales and presenting memories in memories beyond the complex sequence without any obvious dramatic benefit, and in many cases leaving the sequence, so the implications of a particular event are unclear. <br /> <br /> Can I recommend the film? To the barbed of literary and technical quality, certainly not! For easy viewers who are in desperate need of relief from AIDS or in the mood for mild tears of guilt with a small candy in the eye, perhaps. But the better written alternatives that explore the impact of AIDS on relationships in that era include: Philadelphia, the band that played it, the long comrade, the Angels in America, the early frost, the looks of separation, love! valor! sympathy! And even Jeffrey.
