Bamboo House of Dolls (1973, 1974 or 1977, many years are given to this title) are veterans of Hong Kong Qin Honghong (Keller Snacks, Boxer Fain, Blood Pushing, etc.) Women in prison blown up by the myth of Shaw Brothers. Yes, they even put their hands in such low-exploitation diseases, and bamboo is certainly one of the worst attempts of this kind, even when compared to western attempts that are usually pale compared to eastern films! <br /> <br /> The story revolves around a Japanese war camp in which Chinese women are attacked, raped and raped by the bad Japanese (what?) during World War II. The girls also know a secret place where a box full of gold is hidden, and they also learn that a Chinese military officer who grew up in Japan (Luo Lih's veterans) is now a secret agent among other Japanese and helps girls naturally escape hell. The following are sequences full of unwarranted nudity, female kung fu, some abhorrent torture, vanity, vandalism, and a severe offensive attitude toward Japan, making this film pure and honest of garbage that does not try to be more than it is. <br /> <br /> There are hardly any interesting items at Bamboo House of Dolls. Photography from time to time seems beautiful in the end with sunshine and its beautiful nature, but this is in the advantages section. The scenes of fighting are many and always include half naked females hitting and knocking each other. Violence in general is often very bad with several gunshot wounds and scenes of hateful torture of women (for example, one poor girl treated brutally on the ground filled with broken glass, etc.) and eventually ending with moral shock. Of course it is stupid to talk about "moral" when writing about this type of film, but there are still elements I will not accept to find in any film. <br /> <br /> The movie also enjoys some fun elements of Turkey certainly! For example, the golden box of heavy gold seems suspiciously low, as poor girls and sufferers seem to have no problems lifting or moving, not talking about throwing it! Also, those many scenes "fighting the skin" make this smile motivate the fans of the trash. I saw the same director Killer Snakes (1973), which is more than ten times famous as a piece, and although it contains many real-life snakes, it's also more visually interesting and shows us some bad sides from the other side of a big city And society. It is also a must for those who fear snakes. <br /> <br /> Bamboo House of Dolls has also suffered some censorship, which is no surprise considered a topic. The unpublished version (Madbalij in a non-English language) published in Europe at least in France, Italy and Switzerland is 104 minutes from PAL, while the English-language printout, which was released in the Netherlands, Belgium and Greece, takes only 84 minutes in PAL. From what I have heard, the scenes are not only violent or other graphic objects, but also dialogue and "development plots" and the like. <br /> <br /> Bamboo House of Dolls is the most wasteful trash cinema and certainly something I did not want to see from the Xu Brothers or Hong Kong in general. Some of the Italian exploits dealing with the same subject are more interesting and noteworthy than this ridiculous and senseless exploitation of film. 10/02
