They are not usually awarded a trophy, but after watching the Oscars over more than two decades, I can honestly say that this year's awards were the most egregious examples of the bad direction, the total cruelty and the sheer stupidity the witnesses' plight has ever encountered. I do not talk about the awards themselves - as usual, there is much to argue about when you have won and who have lost and never run, but the process has always been as fair as it is likely to be. What is terrible UNfair is the treatment of both "stars" and "non-stars" received by Kitts and Hurwitz, as "reducing boredom." <br /> <br /> It's bad enough for the past few years, anyone other than Al Pacino was "played" in 45 seconds without any regard for what he was saying, how he was saying, and what feelings were behind the statement . It shows nothing more than a total lack of respect for herdsmen on the stage like cattle without paying them the honor of showing their faces while reading their names, to make them slip quietly when they lose, to deprive them of suspense and walk to the podium, and to force them to read their statements as they appear. All these things have been done to non-stars - that is, the films will never exist without these artists and that most of them have only one chance to meet their peers and their audience. <br /> <br /> The stars were not better off. It became even more sad when the winners of the caliber of Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood begged for a few extra seconds for their speeches. Chris Rock, as a host, was not as controversial and controversial as the Academy had hoped, and was hardly funny. His opening remarks (but not quite) were offensive, as Sean Penn explained, and his comments during the show were more benign than her interest. Of course, you can not blame him when it was obvious that the steering wheel was kept as short as any host. In the end, Chris Rock was something that had never been before: a non-entity entity. <br /> <br /> Even music numbers have been treated badly. Beyonce sang well, but there was no reason to appear in three out of five songs. Another example of the absolute disrespect for an artist is to give the song Jorge Drexler to Antonio Banderas - although Drexler was present and obviously was not expected to sing his own song, based on his "winning" speech. <br /> <br /> The efforts of Cates and Horvitz to make the presentation shorter and faster may have worked to some extent, but the result was a life-free show. We all got nervous about the long speeches of people we did not know, about the overproduction, about the quality of self-congratulation. But tonight is not ours. It was intended to be an insulting celebration for people being celebrated. Keats and Horvitz should be ashamed.
