John Hughes wrote a lot of great comedy in the eighties. "European Holiday" is not one of them. Hughes' First Vacation (1983) is the first successful, predictable and disturbing song ever to come - no matter how much you want Clark, but romantic Clarke and Elaine Griswold (Chase and Dangello). <br /> <br /> I enjoyed a lot of "vacation" in addition to the third film, "Christmas Vacation" of 1989, but Griswold's trip to Europe was poor and forced. Perhaps because this was Hughes' first attempt at a supplement he did not understand, but it is truly amazing how irresponsible and free of the story of the European Holiday. No story: Griswolds wins a game for being "greedy little pigs" and goes on a tour of Europe through England, France, Germany and Italy. Even the physical humor that is the first brand loses its impact because you see it coming, which is a mistake director director Amy Hickerling. The "Fast Times at Ridgemont High" output sets up everything very predictable. <br /> <br /> Hughes may have taken a cheap shot because he put it in the foreground. The European Holiday prides itself on insulting the Americans (remember the bold little piggy run they win), especially the tourists, represented by the Griswold family. He also confuses himself on the back and implicitly said, "Griswolds, we always get into something because our father is an idiot." Then in an almost comic way that ends with praise of America and Griswold's gratitude to return to such a better country. If Hughes turns to ridicule and aims to do it in the form of a bad film, maybe I should get the 8/10 stars. <br /> <br /> It's not just an oddity, but "European Vacation" boasts the worst actors to play the kids Rustie and Audrey (Jason Lefley and Dana Hill). It is both distressing and repugnant, with Audrey's unattractive, high-pitched voice coming from her boyfriend who left behind the entire film. So Hughes goes further than commenting on his loss properly as she watches a giant scream. Very delicious. When talking about, the breasts are blinking in two different scenes without good reason (unless you comment on American love for unexplained nipples in their comedy movies). <br /> <br /> I will give the film one of its stars thanks to Eric Edel of the Monty Python crew, whose film came in a few different points in the film, where they read straight lines from Holy Grail, the funniest part. If Hughes intends to find one of the only non-American actors in the film as the only funny part, then I added another hump of his hat to the comedy ripping of Hollywood comedy in the 1980s. However, was it painful to do so while making it amusing?
