I am a big fan of Pacino movies. It is one, if not the best, of representatives of this kind. However, this film could have been much better even though it had a poor crew. All they had to do was tell the story of Carlito Brigante until he went to jail. Instead, it seemed like just one of the many stories that can be told about Carlito. All or even some questions about his past that we originally asked about can be answered. As far as I'm concerned, this is the only way you can make this movie. Instead, we get this group that contains almost NONE of its original characters, a character that plays a different role from the original (the terrible step), and a completely different love interest for Carlito. Do not get so started with puffy. I can not take this cat seriously as a gang after watching it dance in all the videos of the artist. Anytime this dude opens his mouth I was waiting for him to start dancing. It made me laugh if it was anything. Mario van Pipples surprised me in turn. I thought he would perform poorly because of his recent history. He did a good job. Maybe it was the most "ratifying" of all actors in my opinion. Jay Hernandez made his best effort but now has no skills in his career to carry out this role. I appreciate his energy and his efforts though. Hard to follow the Pacino. The only way you can even have an idea of ​​the type of person who was Carlito, is watching the original. Otherwise, Carlito looks like a cold-blooded killer in one scene and then weak weak elsewhere. He was one of the most dangerous gangs of his time, but you will see only a flash in this film. Perhaps this is a deplorable way for Hollywood to try to make a second package to take advantage of this failure. You will not surprise me. <br /> <br /> In general, in my opinion, this film was too short or what could have been. The only reason that led me to that is 3 because I laughed a lot and Mario van Peppers got some respect with me. A serious director must have taken this film and actually put time into the story and turned it into a virtual bouquet. I am very disappointed that this film has not been taken seriously. They were better off turning this into a mini-series on HBO and telling the story as the original story suggests. At the end of the film, they had a nerve that indicates that Carlito would have to return to the city. HEEELLLLO .... this is the part that everyone wants to see !!! Then again, all this is just my opinion. I can not tell you how to lose your money.
