Where can I start. I heard that this movie was coming out and I was very crazy. I was very impressed with Carlito's original way, and when I heard about it, I thought it would be like all the other apprentices that appear in Hollywood. I thought it would be bad. The boy was wrong, this film was much worse than I expected. Not to say that all the disciples are bad, but this is the problem in Hollywood these days, they make a lot of disciples and remake them. This was not a theatrical version, it's a DVD version. However, in my opinion, there was absolutely no reason to do this. After I heard about this film was in progress, then later heard Pacino was not in it. This immediately killed any chance this film would be good. Why did you check this movie then some of you might ask? Well, I had the opportunity to see it, I did. I do not watch movies that have high expectations only, but I had low expectations in this film clearly. I just wanted to know if it would have anything related to it. Now, if any of you read this fan of Carlito's Way, you know that much of the story in the first story concerns him is going to jail. <br /> <br /> * VERY MINOR SPOILER * I will not damage anything, because this may actually make you not want to waste two hours watching this trash. All I will say is that at the end of Carletto Road 2, we do not see Carlito go to jail. Now, I do not know which of you, but I thought that a preview of Carlitos Way would show how he ended up in prison. I was even interested in seeing what actually happened. <br /> <br /> Now, this is not my only problem in the film. The actor who played Carlito did not play a very bad job, but could not save the film if he tried. There is not even all those little things that should be thrown there which Carlito's fans would like. Do not see any appearance for Keinfeld or other key characters in the first one, I wanted to see something like that. What's worse, Louis Guzman is in this film, but he does not play the same character he plays in the first film. Big mistake on their part, why cast the same actor for a different character, make the film worse than it already was. <br /> <br /> In summary, I'm impressed with Carlito's Way, this new release directly to the DVD is a shame. If you are a fan, do not watch this movie come with great expectations. This film did not do anything for me, which is definitely one film I will not go back to on DVD or watch again.
