Well, I was given 95 minutes and 47 seconds and I will never go back to this trash. I heard someone on the internet describe the bad guys in this film as "cannibals without humans" and thought it was promising because I thought it would be like getting off. Error! The descent was a psychological thriller with dynamic characters and a strong story. These bad guys are absolutely unrealistic and there is no part of their fun to watch. This film is not controversial, I have seen this level of stoicism in many films. This film absorbs plain. Conclusion: A blonde girl thinks she is too hot (but not so), impressed by her, and her admirer boyfriend (no, I do not remember their names) go into the forest. Their car breaks down. They are warned to leave by a man named Mark. Blonde gets hysterically unreasonable The next morning they can not find a friend admire. The admiral mocks his foot (yells!). Do not worry, he is more upset when he does not get out of the car when nails are exposed to nails. After nano of persuasion, the blond leaves to find help. Events entail I do not remember. During this and during the film, we presented horrific scenes of torture without any substance, including those that made me shut up. Blonde goes to rescue the admirer of the cannibal house (although all they watch is the intestines, which makes sense to be another option to eat real cannibals to eat because they contain real food). Blonde finds a painful admirer and works hard (in vain) to work up tears. She then laughs well when she is blonde at home and declares that she can "think of her". Mark (the man who warned them to leave) has a marked change in his character when he reveals that cannibals are his family. Then there is some shooting, they leave the house, the shooting continues, and then a random person appears and says he was watching them. Before being shot, shows us a scene inspired by the acid journey to further murder. He is called a blonde or her fire fan because he did not help them. There is more murder, admire his love for the bull. Then a mysterious hand covering the camera. what does that mean? I do not know, I hope not sequel.
