When we went back, the X-Show files were a clever, thought-provoking presentation. Much of his appeal was that writers look to folklore and science for their ideas, and link the plot to the frightening side of real life. <br /> <br /> I was incredibly cautious of Season 8 when it was broadcast. The program has already provided two very good seminars for their release ("One Son" and "Requiem"), and the seventh season saw a sharp rise in the rings that scraped the barrel of ideas that were out of reach or unreasonable or frankly ridiculous. But I reckon, hey, give him the benefit of doubt, maybe they will repeat it because they have some great ideas that line up. <br /> <br /> The "hikers on the road" were really troubled. After "patience", which provided at least an interesting angle to the vampire folklore shown by the show well to avoid it, you see a strange parasitic alloy ring (foreign?) Enjoying the power of mental control worshiped by a group of backyard Christians. Oh, and believe that it is the second coming of Christ, but you have only discovered it in the last few minutes. seriously. There is never any attempt * to understand this, to explain what a worm is, and why nothing happens, or anything. Even in the early years of the exhibition - in fact, * especially * then - you can expect a little more depth, or a little background, or if not the opposite - a bit of mystery, some doubts about what this is about. <br /> <br /> It's Scully who really kills her. You can afford the prowess of the premise, but get a character developed over a good 7 years, where rational doubts turned into a purely rebellious man in order to advance the plot. You feel that you are seeing some horror in a spiritual teenager, but a woman in her thirties hurls herself in a kind of creepy isolated society in which she spent the better part of a decade uncovering the evil hidden, overcome by typical Hicks or completely indifferent to her safety. Oh, by the way, Doggett, the new Mudler, does not exist. Scally has just wandered into the desert to look at a brutal murder without him. He finally appeared to save the day - I can not even remember the reason - but apart from that, he is not there. Again: Seriously. <br /> <br /> In short, it looks like a written script for another show, or a pet movie project for someone who has been allowed to push it like a mutant leech in the spine of an existing element, has long been appearing at a time when it was in its most Weakness. Maybe I worked on a lower show, where the characters are more typical and the audience expects less. But the X-Files file was good, and Scully was one of the most powerful and famous television personalities of the 1990s. The decision to change her character for a story you should do in Star Trek fifty times or so is useless.
