If you have ever been harassed on earth by a Christian who says, "Jesus is the solution, what is the question?" , Perhaps you should thank God if you have never met Lacania. Surely Slavoj Zizk, more than the Evangelical Evangelicals, will certainly exchange the word "Jesus" in this statement about "Lacan / Hegel." <br /> <br /> The star of Zizk is burning brightly at the moment, no doubt because we are generally showing films and pop culture purely as entertainment for our consumption. So it sounds impressive when someone comes - anyone - and says, "Come on, movies might say something about ourselves." <br /> <br /> The ideas presented by Zizk in this film are "correct" just because he says so. For example, Zizek explains that three of the Marx Bros are ego and superego known (God knows what happened to Zibu or Gummo ?? maybe they are the Ninth ... or are these films themselves?). This is simply what they are. In Zizek's output, culture does not exist to be investigated; it must be considered merely as an example of its ideology. People may object that he certainly has what he says - but how different does he say about the Christian who is all due to the will of God? <br /> <br /> What's wrong with taking examples, movies or anywhere, to illustrate the theory? Well, nothing at all. As Zizek thinks, they may serve as a guide. However, it is only able and propagated when these examples are isolated from their context. Without context, you can say and prove anything you want. For Zizek, Lacan is the solution? So go and make an example. Everything except everything is like the teachings of the Lord and the culture, there is justification for that, to serve this ideology. For example, the ideal Zizek model is taken for the fictional position of the voyeur from a scene in Vertigo when Jimmy Stewart spies on Kim Novak at a flower shop. But, in the context of the film, this is not the fantasy voyeur attitude at all. Stewart was led by Stewart deliberately there. This presentation continues with examples isolated from its context during Zizek's two-and-a-half hour sermon. <br /> <br /> His analysis of the scene "Child wants f ---" in Blue Velvet is laughable. In a flash of what seems to be a shocking reality for "female renaissance," Zizk says the figure of Isabella Rosellini requires not only her degradation but also the unconscious responsibility for it. This is an example of her "jouissance". Well ... maybe. But - sorry for being a procaic - where is the proof of that? In the film, she was partially humiliated because Hopper abducted her son. Zizek may object to her obviously having sex with Kyle McClatchan. But this may be due to any number of things. Is not this the purpose of the so-called "feminine" jouissance? According to Lacan, female jouissance can not be expressed, unlike phallic jouissance; it is beyond the grasp of language and phallic projection of language. If this is true, there is no example. This also means that the entire concept is completely sensual and mystical. This can only be determined by preachers like Zizek: "There is feminine jouissance for you! Why this feminine jouissance? Because I say so." <br /> <br /> What example can you really get from these movies? Zizek psychology only. Why continue to introduce himself into his favorite movies, so much so that when he is in a boat on Botega Bay, he says he wants to --- Rod Stegar too? Is not this the realization of the desire of someone who spends his life criticizing films? As the saying goes, Freud had a field day with Pervert's Guide to Cinema - but with Zizek himself, no one else. <br /> <br /> Zizek's theory that films show us how we want to be right in the face of it, but these films can not be strict universal examples of the laws of psychoanalysis. This film shows Zizek's desire and is very vague - almost useless - how he wants to stay. Because, as any psychoanalyst knows, it is not possible to fully separate our desire and what we want - and it can not be easily generalized, however. The love of Zizk in making everything as an example of Lacan's answer shows this: How do we want? Like this, this is how I do it. The problem is, in Zizek's desire, everything and everyone else is rationalized to his desire. But Zizek is Lenini, and they certainly do not like to leave the "subject" talking about himself. <br /> <br /> The Pervert Guide to Cinema is Zizek's love story of faith and not entirely philosophical even if it remains very political (what creed is not?). Zizek never wondered what his motives were when he began to analyze, and what he was trying to discover, because the conditions of his exploration, and hence his ethics in doing so, were never put forward. <br /> <br /> Zizek is prolific but all his books and this movie say the same thing. It is a kind of cultural theory for Henry Ford: mass production and any color as long as it is black. It is ideal for the consumer community today: it is supposed to be awkward at the same time with people giving the same thing over and over and pretending to be something different. This is common because people largely prefer ready-made answers to their problems - which capitalism always claims to offer - rather than investigating things with any serious consideration at all. It is kind of like being a brain dead. For me, the third matrix pill of Zizek is a suicide capsule. <br /> <br /> Note: I liked Zizek's majestic remarks - which were presented as a disclosure of cinema and humanity - that music in films can greatly influence people's sympathy. Did this happen only to your cheeks after seeing the jaws?
