This film is all very lightweight and predictable, from start to finish. As a vehicle without notes, "The Incredible Mr. Limpet" was much better, with Knott's character there being hardly incompetent or ignorant. His performance has been reduced there, with no signs of staring at a brand, although it may have something to do with the cartoon being replaced for most of the film. Knotts gained a living with granular toys, as did Bob Denver. They do not seem to be really capable of going out into other types of roles, assuming they are simply typecast. Maybe it was because of the sagging, the wild stare and the high-pitched voice. John Ritter, who Knotts worked with at Three's Company, managed to go beyond this, successfully completing dramatic roles like The Dreamer of Oz, but his closest Knotts had a small role in Pleasantville. Even Leslie Nielsen was badly fit here, and was not uncomfortably dramatized as straight as he was at the time or comedian actor as he later became in the "Airplane!" And the "Police Squad." <br /> <br /> There is also no way that the 43-year-old colonel could pass the 35-year-old, as his character insisted it was.It was not as astonishing as 38-year-old Tom Hanks playing for the University of Forest Gump. <br /> <br /> The film was clearly produced on a volatile budget, and it looked pretty much like a hastily televised episode. Especially in the "external" scenes of the "town" where Roy goes after launch.It is unlikely to be fooled up to pre-school by an artificial Mayberry-like soundtrack. <br /> <br /> Even with this film being carefully screened for children , It is very frustrating.Not because it lacks work or special effects, although it does.The pace is very slow, and the repetitive situations.how many times can you watch Rui as he climbs to a bus? Comedy must be for children at least sometimes Crazy, with amazing gags, otherwise you risk being bored of them (and any adult in the theater as well). Movies, and even children's movies, have improved a little in the intervening decades. So many contemporary comedy films have been filmed and written better. For example, Disney's "The Love Bug" made some interesting races.
