I think I only have to blame for the giant illusion that is "the bowels of the Virgin." You already know that you do not expect a cinematic masterpiece when you see a title that is interesting and trendy like this. The first impression is confirmed only when you notice that the film is the production of the mid-eighties from Japan. Now, there are a lot of sick and sick filmmakers active in Japan, but Kazuo Kumizu outperforms them all with a tired and satisfying trio about aggressive sex and the abuse of young girls. Even if you do not try to tell a story, the "Entrails of a Virgin" simply presents a picture of the almost pornographic sex that is stirring up from the United Nations and the truly bad effects that will not satisfy even the most terrifying fans of the Cheesy 80. A group of photographers and fashion models Their inexplicably with deviant deviant scenes who fuck raw with a girl looking younger. He emptied it a minute after reaching its peak (typically) and asked him to stay, even if she had to share it with other women. I do not understand that. Is this supposed to be a general fantasy for males? Because it is really vulgar and illegitimate. Anyway, go back to a bunch of horny photographers and docile models. The next fog was on its way home, the group gathered in an abandoned country house where they had sex more horrific, and in the end they were the victims of a ridiculous demon that killed them all. The performances are amateurish, the dialogues are unfamiliar and primitive and the direction of Komizo is weak and uninspiring. I can bear it all, including portraying women as unfriendly to sex, but I came very close to turning off the movie during a highly indescribable wrestling series. One of the males is brutally beaten, kicked and tossed around a girl and describes her as a dirty whore until she literally sees her inner panties crying and suffering. This sequence, in my humble opinion, is the absolute low point of Asian cinema for exploitation. One to avoid and perhaps even interrupt.
