Maybe it was the title, or the trailer (and certainly not the interview on the DVD, which is with the director because he continues to say "Hello Kids" in the camera like the clown), but I had expectations for Entrails of a Virgin being at least a little fun with Some scenes of good sex and brutal and bloody murder at the hands of a strange Japanese hacker. Turns out she's too flimsy for her good, bad, or whatever. There is a problem - one can also see this in Italian sexual flick "pornographic Holocaust", similar to this in many ways - in the lack of balance between sex and violence. Lots of sex will turn into a typical porn, not even with much production quality compared to most professional porn movies! With scenes of murder, there must be at least a little, and perhaps just intelligence from creativity, in creating the creature / killer / whatever. The bowels of the Virgin do not have. It is safe to say that it is a movie without a beautiful soul, even if it is not one of the worst works ever produced - it is available only to dog breeders from the Japanese dog horn to emerge from girls in trouble and men who have all their brains in the "other" <br /> <br /> In this case, we are provided with a shooting team where men pick up some shots of some girls, nothing wonderful, then through thick fog they stay in some house for one night and are chosen one by one by the "killer" First, director Kazuo 'Gaira' Komizu decides that he has to put a lot of random sex scenes early - we split A photo of a photographer who has sex with one or more of the girls in another place seems to be from another movie, and then once there is stability in the house, there is a badly designed "wrestling" scene that was filmed (yes, we really need to see it) The murderer, who the Damato creature likes, is simply covered with mud and given a stupid face, who kills men and / or rapes women one after the other. The other for an unknown reason. <br /> <br /> Now, the latter, taken on its own, should be considered the most important event of the film. This is similar to saying, however, that the croton is the best part of the salad tasting miserable. It is an eye-catching spectacle, a great height like an Olympic event (this scene, in fact, a kind of calm), and finally a flirtation of an overly sexual girl whose name I can not remember. So * this * * becomes only disappointing by not correcting the title! Moreover, the sexual scenes, which became boring through the movie "Gaira" and its immersion in the long thumb operations where everything is hidden through Japanese censorship anyway, are described by the actors (you think they seem to enjoy it Enough, and therefore need to let them "talk" about themselves). But the general feeling of the Entrails of a Virgin is a lumpy feeling, where there is only staring at it and without shedding of suspense or real horror (watched as the last girl was left alive, virgin image, trying to stop the killer from reaching her, which lasts five minutes while continuing Throw in the sticks it!) You just want to be done, because the slogan "hate women" relieves or completely disposes.
