I will first say I was given this movie 3 out of 10 after thinking. I was going to give it a direct one but I got a few extra points for the body count. But this will be about it. Let me explain. I've literally paid £ 1 for this DVD at a supermarket because I tend to believe in unbelievable horror clicks especially B movies. But if this movie aims to get the B case as I think it was for several reasons (which I'll touch To it temporarily) has failed remarkably. Not only was B filmed and miss, he landed somewhere around F. This film had a lot of chances to be well and failed so much in all calculations. I say above that it is likely that this film was aimed at getting B mode and it seems to be trying to achieve it by trying to mix humor with horror, which may be very good or too bad. For example, Freddy's subsequent films (Dream Warriors and Beyond) are related to the Freddy style and the intimidation he works in! But this film was completely bombarded in this regard because the times when they tried to inject humor were often stupid. Although I will admit that at the beginning of the film humor was good. In fact, I loved this movie for about half an hour and I was ready to congratulate myself for another good discovery. But what really killed this film for me was killing inappropriate. For example, when the Devil breaks the cat on the blackboard and writes the word "bo" using her blood using the brush. Or when the "devil" criticizes the door to an old helpless helpless woman. Now I usually do not oppose the senseless killing in movies, that's right, right? But in both cases, I found it very humiliating and unnecessary for anything in the film plot in particular. For me, the film has gone down since then. One of the main bad points about this film is that I hated every character in it. The kid was a ridiculously annoying doji !!! I am puzzled to explain how all those bodies and people who are killed before his eyes can be removed as a trick! I mean come !!! I fully realize that in order to be in a horror film, you have to be a bit stupid, like jogging upstairs when you have to run out of the house screaming for help, but this child is taking biscuits! I wanted to kill him myself! It was totally unbelievable, and if I had to hear it he said "Doh!" Again I was going to my head on the wall because that's what I felt watching this movie. Why did not I turn off the movie? Because I sincerely believe that the end can sometimes replace the film. But I was wrong in this case. The end did not recover this film, I was angry with hell and was not enough for the plot line. I've got it already! The murderer will always return dressed as someone else, and the stupid child will take him and go home in a spree of murder again because no one is suspected of this outfit! Understand it! This film made me physically angry because he was so stupid! If there is a fatal error watching this movie, watch out for the intestines. Frankly, if this guy already has an intestines that look like this, I'd be surprised that he did not really die, let alone be torn up by someone and tied to a chair. <br /> <br /> In fact, I will go so far as to say that the only character I was ever impressed with in this film was indeed the killer. Purely because when his "comedy routine" succeeded, he succeeded. All in all, drag the plot line of this movie dragging anything that might be good. Why kill the murderer? I do not know, I do not know. I can live without knowing who is in fact, this fairly typical, but without the kind of motivation - I do not know, hell, I'd rest him in Halloween as a child! - Just seems more than just no sense, just stupid. Stupid stupid stupid stupid. In fact, I hated this movie so much that I recorded specifically with IMDb just so I could comment on it. Save your money, save your mind. Stay away from this!
