This is a horror film "Mokhtar". It consists of 4 short stories taken from Robert Bloch's novel (written for Weird Tales and a personal friend of HP Lovecraft, but famous for the original story "Psycho"). The quality of the stories is very uneven and I did not think much of the film was creepy or awful at all. It was better to do it as a comedy like "Comedy Tyros." Only the last four stories were done in a comical way, and perhaps the best ones (the story with Ingrid Pitt). I have seen a few Amicus films for the selections, and the only film that was worth my time really was "Tales from the Cellar" by Freddie Francis. The collection method works well for producers, because it means that they can hire a group of Big Name representatives, use them for just one week of shooting or so, then bring the next big name. So you basically pay for 6 weeks of movie star salary but you get 5 or 6 different names on the rectangle. But this is very unfortunate for the public, because the audience would like to see some scenes with Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt collaborating. Instead, they are stuck in these short articles themselves. So let's take them one by one, in short. <br /> <br /> The first story is Dinholm Elliott, who is doing a truly impressive job trying to bring some dignity to his ridiculous role as a terrifying writer of his character. . Unfortunately, the actor who plays the role of Dominic, the source of horror, Tom Adams, seems just a fucking fool who destroys any possible horror. There are some fun things if you want to laugh at them, like the scene in which Domenech kills Elliott's psychiatrist. It's the patented scene where the killer slips behind the victim but no one is watching, so the whole audience is supposed to shout, "Look what's behind you!" The second story is the story of Peter Cushing. By God I love this guy so much so bad a lot of his films, like this movie, are pretty stingy. In the story, it is supposed to be away from long lost love, and he sees it as similar in the wax museum. It's a perfectly predictable story that does not go anywhere. <br /> <br /> Then you have little thing with Christopher Lee, where he plays the role of a little boy's father turns into a witch. Again, this thing could have been fun if it had been played as a laugh. But instead, we are supposed to be terrified when the child slaps me and is surprised when you turn to evil. The actress, Chloe Franks, was very good at this kind of "Bad Seed" role. <br /> <br /> The last story is a kind of fun ... Ingrid Pitt plays an actress and John Pertoy plays the role of a representative who accidentally buys a vampire that turns him into a real vampire. This is for every story to offer. I was surprised by the bad English language of Ingrid Pitt, I think it should be dubbed in some of the other films I saw in it. <br /> <br /> It's not an unforgettable movie, or a movie I recommend to anyone but a complete horror.
