The story of the film is pat and strange. Two women travel through the Middle East and discover themselves. Unfortunately, if you are looking for a film about the Middle East and Central Asia, this is very terrible. <br /> <br /> The film's producers did no research or were incredibly lazy when filmed. First of all, and the most blatantly wrong, the Noristanis, as they were known in the 1930s, and indeed since the 1890s and their powerful conversion Abdul Rahman Shah of the two, were not Bedouins. In fact they have not been nomads since the Aryan invasion of Central Asia over the past three years. <br /> <br /> Second, the city that was filmed as Tehran is not Tehran, which is understandable, but the geography of the region around the city can not be more surprising than the city of Tehran, which is surrounded by a large mountain range, Which dominates all city views. <br /> <br /> Third, Farsi, despite the fact that he speaks in Iran and Afghanistan, is never heard in the film. When there are native speakers who do not speak German speak Arabic. In fact, guards say the "Farsi" at the border, to each other "What Hada Rogal" (this is not a man) and not "in the tribe of the genie" as will be in Persian. Also, the love song between the Indian Princess and one of the main characters is clearly in Spanish. While talking in the garden, one of the main characters says that the Koran uses the words "Paradise" and "Ceyhan" and refers to some of the words "drugs". Surely these words never appear in the Qur'an because they are Persian for Paradise (in fact, Paradise and Paradise are very far apart between our language) and "the world" respectively, although Jehan is very close to "Jahanan" which is Hell in Arabic . When faced with nomads in the desert, the spoken language is also Arabic, although there are no Arabic speakers in Iran and Afghanistan and their religious use in the first place, with some use in education at the time. <br /> <br /> When they are stopped in Iran before they reach the Afghan border, the people they face do not resemble any Iranian group. Their tents are usually Bedouin with carpets decorating the walls and high-heeled coffins. In Iran, it is very unusual for people to wear turbines unless they are clerics. The spoken language is the Arabic language clearly from the initial greeting of "Hello and Easy". When they arrive in Kabul, the desert they find is sandy, unlike the rocky dirt in the drylands of the Hindu Kush mountain range. There is no light green scrub covering the ground in summer and spring. Nor does the region consume exactly the steep mountains in the mountain range that won its name, The Indian Killers, due to its hard and limited terrain. <br /> <br /> In short, the story line is the only thing in this film that carries any water and is still weak and common. It lacks any real draw, just the story of two women trying to learn about themselves upon their arrival in Nuristan. However, this is still born and there is no real evolution, leaving the characters in the end only where it was at first and nothing changed except that the war The Second World has collapsed. In short, this is a really bad film that I would classify in one star except for the good Bedouin footage and deserts in the Levant, even if they were named.
