Certainly the basic premise of the Miami Golem deserves a place at the top, for example, fifty of the most filthy movie plots ever written! I know the best 50 characters do not look very impressive, but I've seen a lot of really weird films with crazy plots. I was ready for something complicated, because the film was directed and shared by Alberto de Martino, one of the most ambitious and creative filmmakers in Italy. De Martino is stealing multiple ideas from successful filmmakers, as most Italian directors did at the time, but he always adds many things to make them more complex, confusing and charming. Not all De Martino's films are worthy of attention, but some are very disrespectful, such as "Tony Sita's Special Magnum", "The Holocaust 2000" and "Formula to Kill". The Miami Golem concept contains elements from many great sci-fi and adventure jokes (such as Alien, Starman, Close Encounters, and ET), but I will not exactly call it a rip off. The only thing that was stolen shamelessly from another film is the opening song to mix the sounds that look almost identical with Harold Feltermeer Axel F from the Beverly Hills Cup. The rest of the film is amusing of fantasy, science fiction, motion, horror and supernatural film tricks. Certainly not always logical (most of the time, actually) but "Miami Golem" is undoubtedly a creative and multifaceted film that kept my girlfriend and I fascinated from start to finish. <br /> <br /> It is extremely difficult to summarize the plot briefly but I will try anyway. The skeptical journalist Craig Milford reports on the story of a German scientist who allegedly discovered DNA outside the planet in a shattered meteorite and managed to reproduce it. The DNA cell belongs to an evil foreign force that has already destroyed another interstellar race in the past and will undoubtedly destroy the entire human race as soon as it grows in size. If this is not already a problem, Mr. Rich Anderson ordered the theft of the evil fetus, which grows slowly because it thinks it can manipulate and use it to gain control of the world. With the help of some good foreigners in fancy clothes, Craig Milford has a difficult task of protecting the planet from the evil fetus. Well, I know that all this seems strange and ridiculous, but I emphasize that "Miami Golem" is actually an easy-to-digest flick. The first half of the film may appear to be too confused and confused, because Alberto de Martino tries to preserve the mystery of the plot by using pseudo-rednecks. There are ghostly disguises, and supportive figures acting in an overly vague fashion without real reason. At one point there is speculation about the lost continent of Atlantis. Once the setting becomes more or less clear, the Miami Golem becomes a regular action film for the early 1980s with bloody massacres, burning chase sequences (in Florida Everglades!), Blasts and unjustified corruption, and fetal monsters Small in jars. <br /> <br /> Now, I do not really want to make the impression that "Miami Golem" is a lost and undesirable gem of the Italian cinema of exploitation. Make no mistake, this is a very bad film! Events become tolerable only if they accept the stupidity and conspiracy of the plot, and if they do not, it is much better than just shooting from the negative side. Representations are painfully painful. In particular, John Ireland, a veteran of "B", does not seem to be the evil character of James Bond, who is less interested in the script. You can tell from Kshat and by the way he delivers his lines he also believes that the whole production is retarded and simply subscribed to the salary. Laura Trotter may be the least impressive thing at all, and the person who painted the hoody VHS cover would have to have felt exactly the same way, because the charming girl on the cover does not appear anywhere in the film. What an embarrassment this should be for Mrs. Trotter. However, the unwarranted nudity sequence compensates this perfectly, because it is too hot from the neck down. Finally, there is an unforgettable scene where David Warbeck drops a helicopter from a school bus with a regular pistol! I do not think even John Rambo can do that, while he is a Vietnam veteran and the character of Arbek is a simple television reporter.
