Craig Milford, who works at the James Keller Public Communications Center, interviewed a German professor at the University of Floridian who made an unknown creature based on a certain meteorite. But then a man named Anderson, who tries to control the entire planet with the creature, kills his professor and his aides and loot the creature. So Craig and his new female partner Joanna Fitzgerald, who can communicate not only with humans but also with the alien friends (friends) of the creature, begin to find the creature and try to send him to a strange spaceship ... This film has some great cast and staff. For example, the actor David Warpeck of THE BEYOND, the actress, Laura Trotter of NIGHTMARE CITY, the composer of special visual effects, Sergio Stefaleletti of the masterpieces of Dario Argentino, the director (as well as the writer of the story), Alberto de Martino the man with icy eyes and the killer on the phone . These talented people make a very bad film, its name, nothing but MIAMI GOLEM, which is basically a confusing and confusing film of close associates of the kind with E.T.THE EXTRA-TERRESTRIAL. This film is not only confusing but also stuffed with something worth; genetic engineering with psychological research. Thus, the film contains at least one scientific and / or artistic defect; genetic engineering and psychological research are never compatible. (Strangely enough, with regard to this curious childhood mix of genetic engineering and psychological research, the leading figure, Craig, says there should be a better explanation of the short-haired psychologist, Joanna, but, after all, the full story of the film does not provide and can not provide any kind Of the best interpretation.) In addition, this film contains something more laughable; music is problematic. What the composer offers, which is known as Robert Mary, is only the music insisted on by BEVERLY-HILLS-COP. I do not want to say that this Italian subject, "BEVERLY HILLS COP" itself, is very bad music, but I must say that it is clear that music does not enjoy the quality of the film itself. In fact just who can think BEVERLY HILLS COP has compatibility with genetic engineering and / or psychological research?
