The end result ... Who cares - it's a realistic show. He does not have any love for his audience, he likes the slow television viewers, does not put anything and gets nothing. <br /> <br /> "Joe Millionaire," the most visible reality program for all, is a television disaster of epic proportions. It's a moment of pause, not just for Fox, but for the American audience that is already watching, and loves and talks about this nonsense the next day. O people, you should be ashamed of yourselves. Because as much as Fox promotes this spam, he will not make any money unless people watch it (and the boy was, too, almost got the Super Bowl numbers!). Do not bother you that there are many quality programs written and directed and actress, and in general, an effort is made to be canceled during the sit down and display this cold games without trouble? <br /> <br /> I used to be a strong supporter of Fox. Those who love me like me and seek high-quality television helped rebuild Fox on the days of Married ... with the Children and The Simpsons. Comfortable enough, and now will not make any of these offers 6 weeks with the current management. Gill Berman is the "reign of terror" as it is often called. The network has launched a war on TV script, and the odd thing is that it is a fan. The same people who helped build it at first. Now, we not only struggle for good performances, but we have to fight against their own network. Baffles the mind. Nothing Fox, I did in the last 3 years does not make sense. From canceling visits like "Titus", "Futurama" and "John Doe" (NBC can renew Boomtown, but Fox can not raise his pathetic head to give the only decent display he received this season with another shot?). And why they are able to do all this: the success of junk like "Joe Millionaire". They can now say "we do not need our TV fans, we have realistic programs." They seem to have no idea that the big crowd that draws with this junk will be volatile, and will abandon them in the second time that the next innovation comes. The exclusion of such a base would ultimately kill the network in the way ABC did. <br /> <br /> The presentation itself is a joke. Here's our premise, in the classic Fox trick now, that promises us something different and exciting, but then offers something that is in no way different from the "bachelor" or anything on the Big Three. The finale and the "twist" (quote / quote) showed they had no ideas up to them. We now know that all these performances, regardless of their different form, will all end with the same tail ball, ending with a fairy tale. We got a bunch of lame aspiring actors picked up by the network of millions of main shots to match their demographics about like high school bimbos who pretend they loved this Evan Marriott because ... well it was a competition and that's what you're supposed to do. Mariot himself resembles a man who is badly distorted and struggling to put the simplest sentences. However, how can not women (all average look ugly on the road - an important minus is a guilty pleasure) do not fall into "atmosphere" with such charming lines as "Look, you're not stupid." <br /> <br /> I used to think that the people who saw these real / dating shows were just lazy to change the channel, but after "Joe Millionaire" I think they should be mentally deficient. Come on people, a little more pride in yourselves. Ask for a bit more of your entertainment then this. <br /> <br /> FOX County.
