Serem begins when Eddie (Derek Phillips) is pleased to learn that he has been accepted into medical school to continue the family tradition of becoming a doctor like his father Richard (Dennis O'Neill) and his uncle Eddie (David Hickey), but his joy can be short since Eddie is involved in an accident He was run over by a car. If we take him to the nearest hospital, he does not look good to the poor Eddie, so his uncle Eddie persuades his brother Richard to let him save Eddie with the serum he developed, a serum that will give the recipient the ability to self-heal from any kind of wound. Or illness. Desperate to live his son, agrees Richard, but the procedure has undesirable side effects such as turning Eddie into a coma that eats a brain and is not a good thing ... <br /> <br /> An executive written, produced and directed by Steve Frank I would be quite frank and say Serum is awful , Serum is a horror film that does not need a budget, and that tries to rip any other number of movies and ends up being a little more fun than pulling your nails with buttons. The text is very bad, and Re-Animator (1985) feels it full with mad scientists who use huge syringes trying to eliminate death, but it's so boring that it's not true, the first forty minutes is nothing more than a really dim opera soap nobody expects to waste running time With Eddie's arrival at home after spending some time away, having found a relationship with his ex-girlfriend with another person, arguing with his mother, and disdain with his colleague, the audience felt generally bored. So, as soon as the first 40 minutes are over, and if you still see it, it will take another twenty minutes to reactivate Eddie, then kill two people, the police chase him and shoot him, in the end. Thank God. Serum is not without any of the characteristics that one can associate with a good film, sucking the character, the dialogue is lousy, taking himself too seriously, it's dull, it's slow, forgotten, and thinking that it's supposed to be a horror film there is a worrying lack of Blood, and gore or horror. Not recommended, did you mention that Serum was boring? I thought about it. <br /> <br /> Franke does nothing to stir up this thing, although there is no style here at all. There are no levels of gore, there is little blood stained, a biting neck, a scar on the face of a dead woman, and two scenes where the needle pierces the skin and that's it. Do not expect to recreate the animations in the gore section because if you are going to disappoint you badly, just like you actually do. The film was filmed in a house that looks like a single house, a restaurant, a laboratory, and there is no kind of film in this category. There are a few scenes of nudity, but this is not close enough to keep it. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is not so bad, at least it seems that the cameras were used properly, I can not really comment on the special effects because there is nothing but generally speaking Serum reasonably. It seems he was shot in Texas, or should he have read it in Texas? I absorb acting even though I think again that they were suitable actors and not friends or family director. <br /> <br /> Serum is a terrible film, it is boring, slow and dull and does not have any terrible soap. Opera for the first forty minutes. I do not understand why anyone feels the need to watch it when they can watch Re-Animator or one of their sequences again instead, seriously, I recommend giving Miss Serum. You've just saved you from wasting 90 minutes of your life, you can thank me later.
