"Serum" starts with credits reminiscent of "remake" movies, and owes it a lot. The story is very similar The crazy doctor develops a vaccine that is believed to relieve pain, illness and death, but he appears to be not a great believer in clinical trials and ends up with a coma that the brain eats in the hands of his nephew. The zombie looks like one of the "Re-animator", and in fact some of the makeup effects in Serum are not bad. Unfortunately, the script is too slow and unbelievable in very few places, resulting in a soap opera feeling for most of the first 3/4 of the movie. For some reason, the manager feels compelled to tell us the time of the day every few minutes through a flash of large white letters across the screen. I can not see why this is so important, other than being an attempt to provide viewers with a sense of time passing; sometimes it will not be otherwise, as the plot accumulates. <br /> <br /> There are a number of moments that you do not add here. For example, one victim is hit by a sledge hammer, but when we see the victim's head close up, there is no sign of the shock. In another scene, a character emerges from a fully lit hospital corridor (we can see the light circles on the ground, in fact) with a flashlight in hand, looking for the whole world like it is walking in the dark ... but moments later, a second character walks in The same lane is fully lit without one. These are just a few examples; they show moments of what seems like a lack of guidance or editorial often throughout the film. <br /> <br /> "Serum" is in some ways better than much, which turns directly into video as a recent independent horror. In terms of technical items? Sound and photography, for example? I've got a more polished look than a lot of it landing on a DVD. On the other hand, there is still a great deal of wooden representation (especially by prominent figures, the crazy world itself!) And illogical moments unrelated to the suspension of kufr and everything related to writing and continuity. Maybe these are the things that people involved in making this film will eventually get, however. One of the problems faced by low-budget independent terror recently was that filmmakers often planned to reproduce the most popular films with larger budgets, which never worked. This did not happen in the case of "serum" anyway.
