Green Street, as it was called in the UK, or hooligans is a bad movie. The story is full of imaginative ideas and sites that went to anyone living in England, participating in a football match or knowing the first thing about football right away. <br /> <br /> My first major grip with troublemakers is the poor casting of two main characters. Do not get me wrong, I love Elijah Wood and I have great respect for his work, but despite his best efforts, he struggled to finish this role. The main motivation for his character is the anger of the regime and the anger of betrayal, yet he spends a lot of quiet and cheerful film, showing only his pent-up aggression in one short scene near the end of the film. This is linked to his appearance and fitness, which makes him a completely unconvincing addition to a gang of football hooligans. At any point during the film, I was not convinced that he could deal with himself in a fight against these thugs and (b) the thugs' company accepted such a person in their fortunes. <br /> <br /> The other played main character Charlie Hunnam. Charlie seems to be the part, and is somewhat convincing as a serial killer. Unfortunately, being born in Newcastle-upon-Tyne in northern England, it shows the worst East London accent ever since Dick Van Dyke tried to play the cock in Mary Marie Poppins. Perhaps such details would not bother an American audience that would be less in line with the UK regional tone, but being from the UK was a problem I could not ignore and contributed to destroying the film for me. The support team all gave convincing presentations and were well represented, especially Bover's role. The player playing this character was more suited to the role played by Charlie. With a movie like this, you must convince the audience that your characters are reasonable, and unfortunately, the film fails. Imagine if you made a movie like The Godfather and Will and Grace was playing Michael Corleone. You will not be convinced. The story in Hooligan is also full of possibilities. I'm not a soccer fan, but I'm a fan of fantasy football. I know how a group of football fans can be "regular", as such, impossible for the fan of non-football players, not the fans of the club in question, to be from the area concerned not even from English citizenship is accepted by the "company "A secret organization is drawn up in some severe cases. My latest and biggest problem with this film is the way in which football hooligans are depicted. I object to the idea that even though they are very violent individuals, hooligans are excused because they live according to ethical standards in their own world and should be admired for being brave and loyal to one another. This is a complete garbage. Football hooligans are a complete scum. They take football, the national sport in England, and use it as a pretext to terrorize, intimidate and intimidate people. They represent only a small percentage of football fans but give the whole game and its people a bad reputation. They are not brave or loyal, they are cowards and evil. If "GSE" in this film likes their club, West Ham, why devote their lives to being a stain on their behalf. Hooligans are an embarrassment to football and English society. Football hooligans do to the reputation of football what Hitler did to the reputation of the Germans. Although this film tries to show the "brave" side of football violence. He does nothing more than promote him as a kind of excuse for extreme sports enthusiasts. Innocent poor passers-by do not appear in football matches who were ruined by some foreclosures who tossed coins / lighters / glass on the crowds. Innocent owners and property owners do not have to bear graffiti and broken windows. REAL fans do not show up from hate and embarrassment football clubs when their fans are banned from traveling outside or out of the European Games because the thugs are destroying them all. If you want to see a good film about football violence, look for the BBC's "The Firm."
