The first Matrix was rich in the amazing evolution of characters, intelligent dialogue, and motion scenes that correspond to story flow. These elements - along with the amazing special effects of the day - made a magical journey that made you thrilled all the time. Enter a reloaded array (and its complement, revolutions). The problem here is not the special effects or the sequence of fighting as some might argue; the brothers took sophisticated characters from the first film and dredged them up like logs of corrupt trees. The first-created connection between viewers and on-screen characters is lost in the first movie when you realize that these are not the same characters from the first Matrix movie. <br /> <br /> For the child, Morpheus was developed as an attractive philosophical figure with a much greater insight than anyone else in the film, but here in reloading - we presented by a different Morpheus who stands hard and hollow and turned into horny eyebrows Contrasted with the character we saw evolving in the first film. This character did not feel the same feeling, and can also be said about supporting characters in the film. <br /> <br /> Removing "Tank" was also disappointing. Tank's participation in the first film was very slim at best, but he played the role very well. In reloading, we discover that Tank dies after the events in the first film, and is replaced by a double Jar Jar Binks trick that can not save his life (I think your old box of Kellogg's Corn Flakes). His performance left me laughing, and most of his logical dialogue lacked timeliness. There was an overwhelming feeling that either he was trying hard to convey his passions on the screen or that the delivery in the script was closed; in either case, the experience was humorous! I sometimes felt embarrassed about the actor .... <br /> <br /> Even a neo-divine figure was suspicious during most of the fighting. Battle of the alley with clone 200 Smith client was certainly overpriced. One has to wonder about a very talented man like Neo - he will waste his time engaging in such a fruitless and fruitless battle when attending more pressing issues (especially when thinking of his ability to fly or his evil ability to bend the matrix and surely New could send The transcripts are faster and more efficient). Again, such acts lend a text that is hampered by consistency, and scenes created as fillers to prevent us from feeling vanity. In a joke, our expectations of characters created in the first film are ignored immediately. Unfortunately, for those who expect more of the same thing - surely you will walk away you feel very disappointed. <br /> <br /> However, if you take a "reload" as your usual motion movie movie, and forget the incredible story contradictions and accompany the development of the already established character of the first movie, you should walk away feeling very happy.
