Small clasps semi-infected, but barely broken. Still, two or three funny moments. What amazes me is the slippery mechanic and moral uncertainties. It plays an invalid role (a leg problem), yet it is not only the "ugly duck" that men avoid, but it is a man who eats humans - and we are supposed to feel it! Oh, poor little Mechanicol, with the problem of her leg ... Poor little McNicool ??! They constantly get permits from men, but they throw them without extremism! On one occasion, she had a one-night affair with a blonde lover, and then told her newly found French friend that it took a long time to get an erection! Makes us wonder why the saki knows if everyone wants to limit it. Well, almost everyone; the only man who avoids seeing her leg wrapped in metal is the guy who works on the phone. But otherwise it seems to be fine with men! No shame or lack of success with men, they throw them like games. The way the Karadin was thrown was ridiculous. Poor little girl is invalid ?? I do not think so. However, it is supposed to believe that this woman suffers from a great confidence problem; hence the scene that prepares to start playing the flute for a solo concert and somehow manages to throw notes on the floor of nervousness. Neuralism ?? The rest of the film shows little or nothing to indicate that it has problems with confidence, so this flute scene is absurd and does not fit the bigger picture. I was also surprised by the speed and enthusiasm of McNeicol in making friends with a French woman who angered a married man. On the surface, the film seems to be "an emotional story of a struggling woman's struggle for acceptance" (or something like that), but nothing like that at all; the writer turns out clearly between this kind of movies and "something the screw that moves - 1980s "movies - very confusing. <br /> <br /> With regard to her leg: It is not as if it was a large, fat purple balloon growing on the leg muscles. She has "only" a natural prosthesis attached to the lower part of her leg, so I do not really understand why the filmmakers tried to make it look like a kuasimodo female or something at the beginning of the film. It's not as if she has a double head that grows from her neck! Although the mechanic is hardly fishing. Kind of mushrooms but there is nothing special, quite average. <br /> <br /> But what the hell is Karadin playing a kind of negative (relatively) man flirting with McNicol and her husband ?! This guy was in the "revenge of the morons"! But I think the same with Caradines in films as with Kendis in politics: no matter how ugly or incompetent or stupid, all doors open to a career in cinema and politics, respectively. <br /> <br /> Down with patronage. <br /> <br /> If you want to read pseudo biographies about Karadin, and other Hollywood and ethical followers in Hollywood, contact me by email.
