There's another one-on-one DVD on Warner Home Video, and by far the best two films are the great RKO 1950 "Where Danger Loves". This classic is memorable with great actors in Robert Mitchum, Faith Domergue and Claude Rains. He was filmed crisp in black and white by Nicholas Musoraka, and was directed by John Farrow tightly. "Where Danger Lives" is a key example of the Noir method of making images, and we will always remember him because of the craftsmanship of the past in Hollywood - (see my complete assessment). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, none of the above praise can be applied to the second film on the disk, the immaculate MGM 1949 stinky! Written badly (Alan Rifkin) and directed by John Perry This film is full of ridiculous features and potential positions. The unbelievable relationship between the mild pharmacist and the good fish - played quietly by Richard Pachehart - and his openly floating wife (Audrey Tension) is an unreasonable and totally unconvincing relationship (how to gather on the ground in the first place is to guess anyone). Then, when she gave him "not surprisingly" one of her fishing colleagues (Lloyd Goff), our shy pharmacist, instead of being active and on the moon with his new wealth that he found well, they plan to avenge and try to kill Goff but at the last minute of the chickens. The man is killed anyway, and pharmacist Barry Sullivan is suspected immediately by the pharmacist (another nice performance). Who killed him? Well, at this stage of the film, they were not really interested because it was performed very badly and ridiculed by director Perry. Mr. Perry has no idea about speed and can not even inject a smidgen of style into the thing. There is nothing to put in front of the camera that will prevent you from nodding! The only TENSION contained in this film is in the rubber band that extends to the maximum and settles in the fingers of Barry Sullivan, offering the intro at the opening of the film. So much for this! Very unfortunate effort! C'est La Vie! <br /> <br /> The best thing about this turkey is the seamless monochromatic cinematography by Harry Stradling the Great, an effective result by young André Previn and an early appearance by the beautiful Cyd Charisse before I found her dancing shoes. Hey! - Maybe she had saved the picture if she gave us a few steps and two pirouettes! HUH? <br /> <br /> But in her favor, there are piles of extensions that include videos, comments and features for both films. But the disc is worth it for the classic Mitchum RKO unit!
