Robin Cook "Coma" had already turned into a very successful movie in 1978. Two years later, Robin Cook became a bestseller for a big screen treatment, but in the case of "Sphinx" actually a mistake could be made. This awesome adventure flick consists of wooden displays, stupid dialogue, and unconvincing characters and lead tempo. The only reason for their survival from one rating out of ten is that the Egyptian background offers more limitless magic than the story itself. It's hard to believe that Franklin J. Schaffner (from "Patton" and "The Planet of the Apes") is the director behind this disaster. <br /> <br /> The beautiful Egyptologist Erica Baron (Leslie Ann Down) on a business holiday in Cairo when stumbled in the shop of antiques dealer Abdo Hamdi (John Gilgod). Hamdi endorses Erica and marvels at her enthusiasm and knowledge. As a result, she shows her an incredibly beautiful and rare statue of Pharaoh City I that he keeps secretly in his shop. The presence of the statue itself gives rise to intense excitement in Erica because it may provide vital evidence for the location of the long-lost tomb of City I, such as the discovery of Tutankhamun's tomb in 1922. Before Hamdi was able to tell Erica brutally he was killed in his shop, With Erica watching in silent terror as he confronts his appalling end. Frightened after seeing what she saw, Erica tries to track the treasure. Find themselves suffering and hindering them in their pursuit by various other parties, none of which is truly trustworthy. One of them is Yvon (Maurice Ronet), seems to be a friend but perhaps a man with ulterior motives? Then there is Ahmed Khazan (Frank Langela), an Egyptian who feels Erika has his own attractiveness, but may also hide serious secrets. <br /> <br /> The biggest problems of the Sphinx are generally the result of their totality. Ignore to reasonableness. Down can not be less convincing as an Egyptian flag ?? One assumes she will be highly educated and resourceful, but she spends the whole movie screaming helplessly like some busty pimp from a teen teen flick. On those rare occasions when you do not actually work for a potential villain, you do other things without brains like taking Polaroid flash pictures in a 4,000-year-old tomb! The misrepresentation of conspiracies is, at the very least, very heavy and consists mainly of revelation and double crosses that can be predicted in advance. One can not even try to enjoy the movie on a stupid but amusing level of motion, because the speed is very slow. What little work can be found separates between long periods of boredom. A famous review of the film: "The Sphinx Stinks!" Unprecedented in a two-hour film that was appropriately summed up in two words.
