This film has nothing to do with the Sphinx, and the title is just coming. The story relates to a real and hidden tomb in the Valley of the Kings, to King City I, the second Pharaoh of the Nineteenth Dynasty, the New Kingdom era. It is not a bad hit, and a large part of the film is filmed on site. Even the scenes in the lobby of the Winter Palace Hotel in Luxor were really filmed there, not in the studio. Unit II unit is endless and must have been left on Egypt for weeks. Frank Langela is very good indeed as an upscale Egyptian. It should be treated as a side line. The film essentially destroyed one of the world's most furious actresses, Leslie Ann Down, who starred. She spends the entire film wondering how she looks, and her blue eyes break the light in the right corner, and do all her desires, and so on. After life began as a model at the age of ten, what hope could it have? It embodies all that arouses many gaps around the female and vanity. And think that this film is directed by Franklin Schaffner, who won the Oscar for the film "Patton"! It allows this awful actress to smooth and recover during the film, hysterical moment, flirting the next time, in a kind of typhoon stupid as it rolls from one man to another, either screaming or making bedroom eyes, does not matter. She is supposed to be a young Egyptian woman. But she did not go to Egypt before! Take a taxi to Giza and get a first look at the pyramids, which flows ecstatically: "But it's so big !!!!" Vomiting! Well, that was the scenario, but she took it easy, giving the impression that it was her natural element I could not doubt for a minute. The elements of the story are sound. There is already a serious black market problem in the effects there. Right! Well done! Robin Cook's novel, which I have not seen, may be appropriate for all I know. It was interesting to see the name of Cyril Swern as a voice recorder in the film, which I have known well for a long time. Katrina's daughter Katrina described her as "a brave woman." I wonder what that means? Maybe I did some workgroup. Anyway, the effects in the film are good, in fact. We see lots of Cairo Museum and many scenic sites. They actually go inside the tomb of King Tutankhamun! I do not imagine it would allow today to film. There are many inappropriate scenes in mosques. This will not go down well today, but in 1981 such things were not on the agenda. The music for the film is very shocking, worse than Leslie Ann Down actually! But there were elements of a sound track that were amazingly authentic. One of them is the traffic noise in Cairo, which is carefully presented in the background and will make anyone who knows Cairo chuckle. Also, the speakers call for prayer there all the time, another touch of originality. Why did not they get that right? It could have been good.
