I agree with the majority of the comments I have seen written. I grew up watching Seseme Street before many of the people who wrote comments were born. I was born in 1964, so I was five years old when Seseme Street was introduced to television. The exhibition taught me my numerals (Count) and dictation (puppets) and about life. I loved all the old characters (Big Bird, Oscar, Grover and Cookie Monster) and I do not quite understand why they changed. I understand that everything must change in one way or another, but to make Cookie Monster a "vegetable monster" to promote healthy eating. The exhibition has introduced new characters and monsters since its inception, why not make a separate "vegetable monster" who talks / discusses the benefits of eating a diverse diet with Cookie Monster. But back to my point of view. I grew up watching the beginning of Seseme Street. My 20 year old daughter, SS, was watching me next to her. We discussed Mr. Hooper dying, even though he died before her birth, as well as the subjects in the exhibition. I saw this incident as an older child, and I still remember how they filmed the event well, like real life. I'm sure they hit the team hard as all the deaths and losses affect families. I saw this in the show and allowed parents and children to discuss very difficult events. The exhibition is about traditional families, foster families and common families. It is one of the few programs that really discuss these scenarios. I now have a 5 year old daughter who does not really see SS. I've tried watching the show several times, but it really is not what it used to be. Elmo 1/2 hour with Mr. Noodle is absolutely fucking. As many people have said, do not know anything. It's designed for less than 18 months (maybe), which is not funny. I was always proud to see SS when I was a kid, teenager and adult with my child. Now in my second session, I find it very difficult to watch SS. The topics discussed: death, marriage, non-traditional and new families in neighborhoods and away from children and adults in an easy way for the individual from 2 to 99 years to understand and relate to. Now, no concepts are taught, minimum calculation, just mention the alphabet from time to time. It's not the same SS, from the original controller for viewing. Please read these comments if any product from the gallery returns them. The new concepts were not a problem for SS, they used to have a better way of integrating them into the show.
