If you want to see a film that blurs a Latin country with any other Latin country, "The Celestine Prophecy" is a good example: 1. Peru, even in the most violent times, has shown no such policies or soldiers. As in this film. This country showed like El Salvador when the civil war. Since I was from Peru living in Lima (the capital of Peru), it was very funny to see police guards here, there and everywhere. 2. If you have a car in Peru and want (or need) to be a taxi driver, just post a "Taxi" sticker on the windshield of your car and you can drive freely in the streets of Peru (there are taxi companies, very expensive). No yellow or black / white band is needed on the doors of your car. Well, the taxis in this film have this band, which you will never see in Peru. 3. Peruvian people are not Caribbean-style clothing. For example, when a taxi driver comes out, he wears a "Guayabera" (Kobe shirt) and a white hat and mustache for the 1940s, such as Clark Gable. There is no Peruvian man like it, please! Peru is not Caribbean! 4. Scene shows a woman in a street with a skirt too long, like typical folklore dresses in Latin America. You can walk anywhere in Perú, and you will not find a woman wearing this, unless you are watching a typical dance. 5. He could have been better than the actors: I can not deny that Hector Elizondo is a wonderful actor, but he is not a Latino representative (his Basque father and his mother were from Puerto Rico, but he was born in New York) and his Spanish is not good. It's notorious Spanish is not his first language. There are dozens of Latin actors who have been able to act as Cardinal Sebastian. Petros Antonius (General Rodriguez) was also a bad choice for a "Latino police officer". It was funny to see Elizondo and Petronius in the office of General Rodriguez. They appeared as English or American students in a Spanish class, doing their best to speak Spanish. To no avail, of course. Castulo Guerra was the best in his Spanish. Officer "Peru", who declared Cardinal Sebastian, spoke Spanish very funny also. There are good Peruvian actors, such as Augusto Alvarez-Calderon and Christian Meyer (just to mention two of the many Peruvian actors), who could perform well. 6. I admit that the fantasy film can allow itself to license the invention of cities or even countries. But, please, when creating a name, be careful when using a foreign language: the city filmed in this movie should be called "Vicente" and not "Viciente". Vicente is a male name, and Vffice is not used. 7. I do not agree with one user who says this film was filmed in locations in Peru. There is no single site in Peru, although the production has been used in excess posters that show "Inca Cola", Peruvian soda. Since there are not a few American films, this film must have been used by any Latino country. After all, for American producers and directors, the Latin place is similar to any other Latin place. 8. In the first scenes, when John (Matthew Cetell) flies to Peru, he is supposed to arrive at Peru's only international airport: George Chavez Airport (in Lima, capital). In fact, believe me, there must be no airport in the world, but Peru Airport. Of course, there are no military guards or police at the Peruvian airports. 9. When this John takes a room in a hotel in Peru, this fan has a fan, obviously no air conditioner. Please, this does not happen in any hotel in Peru (and other Latin countries), unless you get a one star hotel! 10. Rebels who are fighting the government are ... Colombians! Their dialect was undoubtedly Colombia. To give them, producers should hire representatives from Peru. In a few words, photography was better in Peru. <br /> <br /> I can go on with more examples of this film, which led me to give it a "bad" sound, but it grew about 20 minutes after it started. But dear producers: It is not a tragedy: there are many worst films with few mistakes. Just let us remember "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull" and the new emperor's indescribable groove at Disney. The list of bad movies may not end ...
