The film presents a somewhat concise version of what is contained in the book, which as much as I can say by doing some research and verifying the facts is largely fictional. In fact, there is no old coil, and if the author is heavily pressured, I am sure he will have to admit that he has not set his eyes on any coils in the ancient Aramaic found in Peru. These "value" texts, written as usual by an unknown, were destroyed by the evil "hatred of truth" in the church and in the local government. This is somewhat strange, since all kinds of New Age crap are published every year --- hundreds of books and dozens of films - and the Roman Catholic Church does not seem to me determined to destroy the movement you might see as I do, a pot of doody pottery. I am not a fan of the church, I am against you, but at least the ancient texts on which their faith is based are real. <br /> <br /> It is a typical pattern of fraud artists and religious extremists who claim to have seen or translated old documents that were unfortunately destroyed by the men of "evil" or in the case of Joseph Smith, returned to heaven once translated. Therefore, actual texts can not be found in any museums such as the Smithsonian Museum, nor translations reviewed by specialists in ancient languages ​​such as Coptic or Aramaic. It's a scam. In a sense, I admire anyone smart enough to come up with a great idea and reap millions of them, but I could not do it myself, as I do not want to mislead the public with more hokum New Agey. <br /> <br /> From time to time, an authentic old text is found hidden and lost years ago. The Gospel of Judas, a Gnostic text, was discovered after the history of carbon and a diligent study of the text, which experts consider authentic. The Gospel of Judas was referred to as heretical about 300 AD, and no documents of the Church have since made any Celestinian prophecies as authentic, heretical, or anything else. <br /> <br /> We are evolving towards something - and this is true - but the optimism in Celestine's prophecy is based only on fiction and lies, and a philosophy based on lies, such as the castle on sand, will collapse. The harsh, ugly, overcrowded, ruthless world in the Blade Runner is more likely than what will be the case in the horizon, more than some Commopian Hippie Commune where everything is love and peace! I tell people the truth and they hate me, but tell them what they want to hear, even if the tipping is pure, and one can earn millions. Celestine's prophecy is what the world wants to hear. Too bad it's a castle built on sand. Do not get me wrong. I wish God, Celestine's vision was true, but it is not. There is no old philosophy at any time expressed in the ideas presented in visions with the modern concept of spiritual evolution going hand in hand with biological evolution. These new old ideas were not present in the ancient world and did not exist until Darwinian evolution became known. This means that the ideas in Celestine's prophecies can not be older than the nineteenth century, and do not return to the pre-Christmas or near the time of Jesus of Nazareth. This type of claim by Agers is not at all unusual. Wiccans claims their brand of magic and sorcery - "old religion" dates back to the Stone Age, when it was not actually known to be a book of shadows before Gerald Gardner, who lived in the twentieth century and was a friend of Alistair. Crowley. <br /> <br /> New Age teachers tell lies and claim that their ideas are based on ancient teachings, when the ancients blindfold their noses in such absurdities as the teachers preach today. Why do they do what they do and commit such fraud? Simple: There are millions of dollars to be made, and the modern guru acquires power over his followers. They compete hard and have a strong hatred for their competition despite their claim to love for all things. Each bitter new age group opposes others. It's a struggle for your mind and your wallets. <br /> <br /> But learn one thing from me, actually like one of the ideas, learn to follow your own instincts and look for guidance from within. I can agree with all my heart.
