Disney has now made live videos into a good collection of many of its mobile features. Two of these were made for the classic 1991, "Beauty and the Beast". Well, these things are not a real follow-up, as they are both in the first film. The first two direct films, "Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas," which does not seem to dislike a few fans of his playwright, but I think it can usually be expected in sequences. However, this second story, "The Magic World of Bill", is certainly inferior. <br /> <br /> The film features three short stories, all of which occur while Bill is in the castle, and the place is under magic. Of magic. The first is the "ideal word", where misunderstanding on the table between the Belle and the Beast is a problem, and he does not want to be the first to apologize. The next story is "Fifi's Folly", where the fifth anniversary of Vivi and Lumiere will begin, and Lumiere is not ready, so Bill helps him. However, Vivi sees that Lumiere is practicing romance with Bill, and believes that he is actually in love. The film ends with "Broken Wing". In this story, Belle takes care of the bird with the broken wing, but the birds in the castle are likely to be a problem if the beast is discovered, because it hates the birds! <br /> <br /> Describes the plot you have made for the original VHS version of Disney's third "Beauty and the Beast." Apparently, in the DVD version, there is another story added under the name "Ms. Boots Party", but I have only seen the original version. However, since I strongly doubt that one story will appear as a classic story on the rest, I see no point in watching the private version. However, the first thing I will say about Bill's "World of Magicians" is that the animation is very two-dimensional compared to what we used to be from Disney, which will disappoint many people. I did not like "Beauty and the Beast: Charming Christmas" so much, but surely you can not say the same thing about animation. I am sure that the stories in the "Bell Witch World" can be enjoyed by many children (mostly young children, I think). Each story has a moral story, so they can also teach them some valuable lessons. However, for adults, the film really does not contain much. Personally, I did not find any good teaser in her, and I found that the ongoing conflict between Belle and The Beast was weary, and the stories did not impress me much in any way (they were not written well). In the "perfect word", the way the Belle says to the beast, "You act with rudeness and folly!" It is a little cheesy, and I think there are some other cheese moments in these stories. <br /> <br /> By the time this direct movie appeared in the video, I was about eleven or twelve years old. I do not know what I was thinking at that time, as I lost interest to Disney by then, and it will take years before I get any of that attention back. Even when this film was first released, I think I have exceeded the age range that I was targeting a little bit. I did not see "Beauty and the Beast: Charming Christmas" only two months ago, but unlike this film, I did not hear this film until recently, I think only after seeing the first sequel to the Disney song 1991. Well, as much as I liked theatrical origin, I did not miss much If I was not aware of the existence of this film. For young children, I'm sure that "Belle's Magical World" can be very entertaining, and perhaps somewhat educational with its morals, but I do not recommend it to adult Disney fans.
