That's right! Less than 9 years on average, but probably less than 12 years for some others! I was eleven years old when I saw this originally on video and in such young people have not been able to observe the animation of poor quality or the fact that those classic characters that Nmtna all of her love are not the same or good to see it. Almost everything 2D here! Belle, I agree, is not beautiful but just with a simple appearance of a woman and has a lighter skin color, she wears a blue dress brilliant all the way without a dress and one magician, clothes closet is to say the least, annoying - ears may bleed if I have to listen To her every day! Lumiere, in both the original and Christmas was nice and elegant, but here is the vagueness of women and unusual! Kojswort, despite being a housekeeper does not make sense and is famous, but it is nothing more than his characters and words. It always seems that he finds himself in a very difficult situation in this unbearable hole, which was supposed to be his face round the clock has really been used to return in time to two unforgettable movies in this series! Poor and poor Mrs Potts was not the life of Angela Lansbury (one of my favorite classics) but by Anne Rogers, who had no personality for Boots, and had no sin! Not if she did her best! When the monster is wasted, it seems horribly false with the absence of any roar or snarl or roar by an additional microphone. I realize that this is only a third feature after two other films so of course it will not be good, but I'm sure that more contribution would not have hurt Disney artists who have already achieved such wonderful cartoon styles over the years. I think it's fine, and I sometimes watch it even though it suits me only. Extremely difficult to make a recommendation you read this because it depends on your age, but remember that this will not be at all what you might expect after the previous amazing movies! To imagine that in my video, the text on the back cover says "Boasting wonderful animation"! It's a little flick but for something it's also very bad, and for the last one, you must save these three words in order to re-release the original!
