Spoiler Warning: There are some minor spoilers in this review. Do not read it after the first paragraph if you plan to watch the movie. <br /> <br /> Disney Channel currently has a policy of producing large quantities of films and displaying them monthly on the cable channel. Most of these items are modest and elusive, and have few good but still disappointing elements ("Ghost of Megaplex", "Stepsister of Planet Weird," "Zenon: Girl of the 21st Century.") Each time, they do something really wonderful "The Others I") But once, while Disney Channel is making a big mistake and giving us a real NetNA, this month (December 2000), Disney Channel offered "the ultimate Christmas gift," which I thought was awful because of poor writing and its worst behavior. Apparently, "Brainiacs.com" was moved a few days before Christmas to get a jump on the holiday, because the plot has to do with playing. For a feature in the TV guide, so I thought it should be better than the standard.I was in for a complete shock.Not Disney's "typical behavior" was just worse. <br /> <br /> The plot was far more elusive than usual. Matthew Tyler gets sick from his widowed father, who spends most of his time working, and his father owns a small toy factory that has received large loans from a microbank to stay afloat. Again and again, his father has to go beyond his plans with his son and daughter. Matthew decides that the only way to spend time with his father is to become president and ask him to stay at home. Has the idea of ​​curly hair to create a website where children around the world can find him and send him a dollar to invest in a computer chip invented by his sister. This whole concept is full of fallacies. When children send millions of dollars, Matthew opens up his bank account and buys most of his father's business. He is the secret president, but he does not disclose this to his father, but he presents himself at board meetings as a caricature through a computer. This image itself is very complex (and ironic) so that no one can create it at home, much less than a stupid person like Matthew. To sum up a long conspiracy, Matthew ordered his father to spend more time entertaining and doing things with his children, but a federal agent inquired about Matthew, because they were forged. <br /> <br /> Big mistake here. As we have mentioned, the things they do here are impossible even for real geniuses, which these children do not. Location, cartoon image, computer slide, and even things that are taught at school, are very advanced for these children. Representation by most actors, especially Kevin Kelner, is terrible. Some familiar faces are lost. Dom Delois plays the role of the evil bank owner, but his role is a hidden game. He has a good scene with Alexandra Paul (which shows she has the ability to act) explaining his motives, but nothing more. Rich Little is missing a small role as a judge. There are even some offensive and unprecedented jokes about anti-Russian jokes. But the greatest atrocities are the ones that have been strongly reached. These themes appear in many Disney Channel films, but never before have these heavily conservative messages been bombarded. The idea of ​​"tired parents" is pushed hard, and after being misrepresented in the "ultimate Christmas gift," seeing it again spoils my mood. Family relationships are important, but Disney must stop this endless preaching, because work is important to keep a family also applicable. With the exception of the abolition of activities thanks to work, the father did not encounter such a bad situation, but found it humiliating when the grandmother told him, "I do not like what I see." Equally bad is the idea that all single parents should marry if they want to raise their children properly. Alexandra Paul, who is her character, although important in the plot, has entered the love interest of the father. This attack only proves that Disney brain trust lacks brains to avoid dredging from the bottom of the Disney Scenario barrel. Instead of letting this movie teach your kids how to commit serious scams, wait for the next Disney Channel movie. It should be better than this. Zantara result: 1 out of 10.
