of course no. The resounding number of this movie is an absolute hoax. <br /> <br /> After a friend highly recommended it in "This Kind of Things", I watched this movie with some anticipation for being aware of, changing, moving or changing, raised, and all the other positive mystical things that could happen When I suddenly see the truth. This may now seem like someone already prepared for booing anything that deals with metaphysics, physical / physical boundaries of existence. Believe me, I'm not such a person. I try to be open to any presentation, and then decide accordingly. <br /> <br /> As for the content, the only thing I found interesting and somewhat useful was the little thing about peptides, emotions, addiction and cellular receptors. This was the only "uniform" element I could find in the documentary part of this film. The rest of the documentary spanned several topics and never seemed to unify them, and tried to tie them to a certain extent. And what is all this about the inability of Native Americans to see the ships that Columbus brought? Who told the authorities in this film that this happened in 1492? Where are they there too? If they compare this with the ongoing scientific work of visual perception (the famous gorilla video, for example, visit the Visualization Laboratory at the University of Illinois site) there might have been a more convincing point. Here, however, it looked like a mumbo-jumbo mystical unsupported. <br /> <br /> Film: This was not one film, it was two films. I found the documentary quite enjoyable, just to hear people talking about what they were talking about (I was disturbed that their credentials were not presented at the bottom of the screen when they spoke, at least initially!) But I found a "story" part of the movie with Matlin In that it is annoying, disjointed, intrusive, irrelevant and frankly stupid. This thing about the Polish wedding ceremony with this dance was not at least funny. It was funny, ridiculous, freshman, stupid. I found the use of the word Pollack offensive. It just seems out of place and wrong. Is this usage acceptable because a member of the group uses a derogatory term to refer to the group because he or she is a member of the group? It may be good to clarify a point, but it does not seem to have been used this way here. In any case, I do not care what the reason is. I never call myself or refer to my ethnic background as Pollack. I certainly do not like it when others do. Can I watch or listen to a fanatical conversation using the term? you betcha! But again, this was not the case here. It looked out of place. Uninsured, unaccounted for. <br /> <br /> Representation was representative. Ellen Hendrix's performance was incredible at all. Sometimes, it seemed like she was reading only the lines just given to her. Marley Matlin often seemed to sleep walking through this whole thing. Perhaps they were puzzling of the material. I know I was. If you're supposed to be a drugged disappointment, you do not seem to click. But by far, the worst in the world was Hendrix! All in all, I found this piece disassembled and disorganized.
