The makers of this film seem to have had difficulty defining what their message is. Thus, they had more trouble in delivering them. They have begun to describe the principles of quantum physics in a bad way that are related to subatomic particles. Having put a vague picture of the uncertainty principle in Heisenberg, they presented a large group of modern heads who built a case of funny logic that indicates that every living person is an entity that follows the same quantum rules on a cosmic scale. Then there was a lot of talk about the ideas on which Stephen Covey and Tony Robbins were based in their careers: positive thinking, boycotting bad styles, always looking to the bright side, and so on. Next came a little about how our brains can change our bodies producing proteins: the hormones we choose to create more or less. If you are sad, you will create sad proteins. If you are happy, you will make happy proteins. It's very simple, is not it? Intertwined with our lessons, we follow the phantom life of Amanda, a photographer who depicts antidepressants and dislikes the thighs. The filmmakers were slowly but surely trying to convince us all by saying, "Amanda, just cheer!" Why can not you rejoice? Obviously this is because the world is a bad place where crime, poverty and religion exist, for this reason. The end of the film (which is basically the entire second half) brought a barrage of contrast. We are all part of a complete energy where we are not beings, but collective consciousness, but we are individuals who can change the world, but there are so many of us because of all different dimensions, but we can choose who we are, and we have a goal to do good, There is nothing better than us, so there is nothing like right and wrong, so there is nothing like reward or punishment, so nothing good ever came out of debt, but we still have to do good anyway, although it does not There is something bad and good because no one decides what it is, except the fact that we can make life good if we all think and then die Stop the crime, and if we say nice things, our water will freeze into beautiful forms. Still with me? Good because there is more. According to Robert L. In his book Voodoo Science, John Haglin's complete meditation experience in Washington, DC, was a farce. The figures were processed, and the murder rate was higher than that year, a year earlier or since then. What about your positive attitude that keeps you young and healthy? This was a message conveyed by an older man looking at his age and a woman who was overweight. <br /> <br /> Is this all working or not? I was lucky enough to see the film in a theater in which Pitsy Chas, one of the three directors (yes, three), asked questions after the show. I call myself lucky because I have received a direct confirmation that these people do not know what they are talking about. Many of the questions asked by members of the public made her so puzzled that her husband, a chiropractor, had to intervene and recite the answer. Finally, I had to leave when the debate turned into an inevitable political debate, and everyone, including Ms. Shas, began to speculate on how wonderful the world would be if President Bush could only watch this film.
