It was a very moving film, where there were too many corrupt players. I saw this movie only because one of my favorite actors (Ron Livingstone) made a great movie in it, I continued to watch it as a girl, I love any movie that includes male nudes for change. Later, I found myself wondering how silly the story story could get, and every time ... ... more silly. <br /> <br /> Sean Crowley (good-looking Chris McKenna, whom I've never seen before - but love his little nude scene) is making ends meet as a painter, when he meets electric writer Duke Wayne (George Windt of "Cheers" ) In his belief that he gets more work from Duke, Sean agrees to interview contractor Ray Matthews (Daniel Baldwin, playing the role of a typical villain). Ray is investigated by accountant City Hall (Ron Livingstone in a veil, which I was in love with from the "office space" until "Sex and the City"). Ray ends up offering a seemingly desperate $ 13 billion to kill the accountant, and Shawn accepts the job. Chun chases the accountant, who finds his wife (Carrie and Harer) himself attracted to him, completes the blow, and leaves - takes the information file against Ray with him. Soon Sean knew he was a user, and Ray did not intend to pay him, and Shawn uses the file as a leverage to get his money. <br /> <br /> Up to this point, it's a flick ... Overall worth watching. But as soon as Ray, Doc and their crew kidnap Shawn to extract information about the file from him, it's just stupidity and fainting (and still DUMBER ...), until it finally seemed like the film's author, Charlie Higgson, had been released from writing for 10 days I realize he desperately needs to figure out how to end a series of unreasonable chaos he created before a deadline or something. Without simply detailing the film, let's just say that in every scene you see after the kidnapping, you find yourself teasing "What f ** K!" , Puzzled by the constant nonsense while Sean follows a somewhat graphic path towards redemption. In the end, a lot of loose ends are left in the film, so start to regret because you saw it up. <br /> <br /> This is a movie you should only watch after hitting the cable, and you must have enough beer and friends around to ridicule the film because it is a complete value. It's supposed to be a psychological thriller, and we've made a good actor, but it's hard to give yourself to the film when you have a "norm" of "cheers" and Baldwin's brothers are doing dirty work, and a kidnapping strategy really makes no damned sense. Men will love scenes of violence, blood, courage, unnatural sex scenes and pictorial images. Girls will enjoy Sean's nice publications in a major film, when the girls are almost in the film. Personally I hate that the only actor who deserves to be seen more than his looks (Ron Livingstone) is only in the first third of the film.
