Oh, how we have an imbalance here; a film so bad that your mind will wonder and drift to other things because it wastes your time with poor brain production values; stereotypes of the worst and most racist personality since de. W. Griffith referred to the Chinese character in Broken Blossoms as "The Yellow Man"; characters that are not too imaginative and unattractive to see, and a slow, stupid and futile story that will question people who say they love the movie. <br /> <br /> Prizzi's Honor is a film that ends with an absolute postmodern disaster in every possible way. The film is a chaotic, senseless disaster directed by John Houston. Kathleen Turner and Jack Nicholson stare at everyone and fill all the gaps like dumb stereotypes, supportive characters crying on the phone every now and then, or quarrels with the main character. Prizzi's Honor is a film that falls into the category of modern comedy, comedy, romance, movement, gangs and total crime ?? This twin must be with his director and crew Cavin to push him through a kind of story; a kind of series of good scenes. Kind of intelligence in the form of a script or anything else but not? What we get is a bad and ugly film that does not revolve around anything at all. <br /> <br /> I will give some examples of how wonderful this show is to the horror of a film. First, the film thinks it's a love story and thinks about it for about an hour: from my time. Charlie Bartana (Nicholson) is a killer who kills people for a family working in New York, yet he is more like a character than a world hit man. Irene Walker (Turner), another killer, meets and beats him, but when the bad excuse for the plot is justified, everything seems to be wrong. I read that the plot of this movie is: "A professional man hit a woman falling in love, only to discover that they were all contracted to kill the other." Well, yes that's true, but this actual revelation does not happen until about twenty minutes to the end! Nicholson plays partanna like a person with an IQ of 60; walks around; apparently writes notes and speaks out loud about the things he sees; talking as if he is either intoxicated or has a more serious problem inside, and worst of all we never felt he was a killer ?? The very early assassination (which already occurs outside the screen) is not enough to indicate that this man is a strong man, better than the best international player, so with a major character who is unpopular and Realistically, we turn to the script. The first hour and a half is just a dead cinematic area with nothing at all pointing to traces of life that mean nothing but bad conventions: Partanna walks on the phone or asks people the same things over and over again: "Do I marry her? I do? "He repeats so much, that he is not even able to act humorously. This is consistent with the way he always appeared on someone's phone: a girl called Maerose Prizzi (Huston) played by the daughter of director John who did not serve any purpose at all, and seemed to be there for laughter as was the scene in which her father tells her how she slept with Partanna I loved him ?? Who made me think, was this supposed to be funny? Should I laugh? The film felt like a clever mafia image with a scene opening for a wedding (Godfather) and scenes of dependency with a touch of light as the gangsters, policemen and killers were introduced into the film. But what we get is something quite different. <br /> <br /> The second hour revolves around a plot to kidnap; right, love is treated as romance? Maybe the movie will start. I was very wrong: Since more characters are constantly talking slowly and deliberately in a monotonous way, we have a kidnapping scene in which someone comes out of his office: this scene sums up the film. Everything is planned briefly and then carried out in a heavy and stupid way making it look cheese. We can not see them arriving at some dramatic music; they may have to go through security to get to the elevators. Maybe they should be careful of civilians when they hide in the places they choose and when that random woman comes out of the elevator and the shots are fired? The scene was not edited correctly. Some suspense, some drama: "Am I shooting or not?" ; Perhaps some slow motion where the personality must be drawn quickly before it is too late? Nothing but how it was actually implemented. Prizzi's Honor continues in monotony and precision in cinematic oblivion as it approaches its climax. It is a film in which the cameras are reflected in the windows; the lights are reflected in the sides of the cars and the drivers of the "Maiton" are flashing when pressed. Prizzi's Honor is a mixed and chaotic movie that will try to please anyone who is a movie pioneer and they do not say it was comedy because I did not laugh with it ?? It is another matter. The film is repetitive, and the director is colorless in his vision and scope of originality - there is no honor here.
