After watching the midnight shows, I am still convinced that the first decent film about witches is still to be produced. I did not think much about the war and I do not feel so charmed either. The only movie I enjoyed more or less (about teen witches) was LITTLE WITCHES (1996), and even this film was not good. But the changes are that if you like all the movies above, you'll also enjoy midnight shows. <br /> <br /> I was expecting a silly and amusing film in the early 1980s about teenage witches in high school. But I was somewhat surprised that this whole movie is playing fairly dangerous. Acting is decent and dangerous all the time. Do not play jokes by teenagers or anything. The musical score, at first, I thought was good. He added some rarity and also something "neat", with the use of violins and everything else. But as the film progressed, I came to the conclusion that the result was very ambitious. They did not have to add those threatened violins when you simply saw someone backing up a car and then driving away from normal speed. <br /> <br /> Then there's Melissa Su Anderson, who was the main reason I saw this film. A few weeks ago, I saw her in the HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME, a somewhat sinister (and sometimes dumb) movie, which she did the same year with midnight shows. I must say, they were very good like the bad cold witch Vivian. But the main problem in the film is: Nothing happens! Vivian caused death and accident, yes, but that's it. Then there is Robin, a good witch, who only learns about her powers. We expect the two to use their power more than once, but on one occasion, they use their power to make some pieces of wood and other objects flying in the air like shells. Was it supposed to be a battle between two powerful magicians? Worse still, I was hoping to see a wonderful show among witches at the end of the film with at least some special effects, flaming eyes or anything ... but nothing happens. There is a kind of confrontation in the end, but they are very disappointed. <br /> <br /> So witches acted well. The musical result was decent (despite the excessive ambition). The cinema was dark and sometimes moody. But that does not make a good film yet, does it?
