There is nothing particularly original about the story of these corrupt unions on the one hand and the "chief lawyers" on the other. The imaginative lighting and imagery are emitted from the stunning Noir Cycle. The story could easily be from the Warner Bros. staircase with George Raft in the lead. Offers are routine, flat, trend and even dressing set. The poster says, "Post No Bills." The story, and some characters, is presented by a very important narrator who tells us that, while most unions work hard and honestly to promote the causes Its members, few of them corrupt. But we do not know much about trade unions or how they operate, although I suppose they were a fair game after the success of "on the waterfront" a few years ago. Here they just hook up to hang up the tale. The real ring leader is a troubled lawyer who manages things through three or four thugs. The District Attorney (or whatever), as Dana Andrews has found in the film "Bumirang", discovers that the wrong man (Dick Furan) is accused of murder and spends the rest of the film on his own, looking for evidence for Furan. Innocence. Entered into fights and shoots like no special eye for inexpensive movies. <br /> <br /> Bryan Keith is de. He has shown some concrete displays of talent elsewhere, but here he spends most of his time talking quietly and staring at the ground. Elisha Cook, Jr., Romy is lovable but can not be drunk well. Beverly Garland is fine, but is undermined by the direction, which is weakened by a nightclub when it should be angry. The rest of the crew will be suitable for a TV series. <br /> <br /> Nobody helps writing. When Syndicate B is about to be shipped by trade union mobs to the Filipinos, one advises that it should only learn a few words in Spanish. "I know only one word," she says, "C. Yes." The writers did not trust the audience to know that the word "si" in Spanish meant "yes". The plot is clumsy and has holes in it. Keith visits a witness in her apartment on a nightclub. He enters the door and has a gun in the back by the chirp, but he is overweight and drives him out. Then someone orders to call the police. The rest of the scene, which was played at length in the nightclub downstairs, forgets everything about the police and they never appear, and do not expect anyone. <br /> <br /> Nothing to be ashamed of, and some people may enjoy it, but similar things, better executed, are elsewhere.
