A group of fishermen hunt down and kill wolves and cut off their heads and then sell their head to Dr. Atwell (played by director / writer Tim Sullivan), who runs a private clinic specializing in corneal transplants. Research chemist Rich Stevens (Mark Sawyer), whose eyes were destroyed when the acid flew in his face during a laboratory explosion, is the unfortunate receiver of the wolf eyeballs. It takes access to the first moon, so first, we get a nice love story between Rich and his great compassionate nurse Sundra Gard (Stephanie Petton). Sondra is so emotional that she strips off her clothes and begins to ride Rich in bed even before he has the chance to remove bandages! After a month in the hospital, Rich returned to her home to the ice wife Rita (Deborah Hooper), who immediately told him "looks very ugly" before speeding into her car Kia. Our hero soon discovers that Rita is not just a whore, but an adulterer who had an affair with his supposed boyfriend Craig (Lyndon Johnson). Finally, the moon rises and Rich finds himself in a hairy predicament and turns into a very silly wolf creature. This was followed by a predictable massacre. <br /> <br /> After ripping Craig's throat on the beach, Rich awoke in the brush the next morning with his stunning clothes and mysterious memories of the evening events. He makes friends with mysterious psychologist Andrus (Kurt Levy), who suffers from both local author Cyudmac (Jason Clark) and a lesbian police expert in a trouser suit, Justin Evers (Tari Markell). When Rich confronts Dr. Attuel, the doctor sends his sad bald followers to a cup (Erik Mestressat), who comes out of the dead bodies with a sickle in the clinic, after him. With the help of Sundra, Rich managed to escape. Sondra returns to her place and captures him mainly on the couch during an extended sexual scene lasting about five minutes. Will Rich be able to control his sexual condition or find a cure for her before claiming more victims? <br /> <br /> You can take pictures cheaply through a video camera. This home-made wolf attack has a somewhat unique hypothesis with an eye-catching angle, but it wander around after cliches otherwise. Groups below the level of pornography - It seems that the scenes of the clinic were filmed inside a house or apartment someone. Wolf's sights do not look as good as the photography interval used in the 1940s. Instead, they use jagged editing. Throw some hair on the actor. Cuts. Throw on some more on. Cuts. More fur ... and fill his mouth filled with a white tank that can spit. Cuts. Do not worry about continuity! There is no fading, no melting, nothing. It's very dirty. After it was completely transformed, the wolf costume (designed by Jeff Leroy, who also edited and filmed the film) became very bad. It is red-haired with a Christmas light, a fur that looks like a carpet of hair and a plastic face that is almost imperfect. There are several times you can see the photographer's fingers in front of the camera lens, and does the moon remain full five nights in a row? As far as the cast is concerned, they are amateurish, but acceptable. As far as panic attacks are concerned, there is worse there. This line goes fairly well, and is only 70 minutes long and provides plenty of red objects during the attack scenes, as well as the aforementioned T & A from Mrs Beaton. <br /> <br /> It was produced by David S Pound (CAMP BLOOD), who first installed the digital video wave when he first began to control the low / independent horror scene in the mid / late 1990s. Many of his infamous works have been released by Brain Damage Films, a sign of avoidance like the plague most often. Jeff Leroy (Fx guy) (listed as co-director here at IMDb, but not in the actual credits of the film) and Feeney Bellanchio (appearing in a small role as one of the fishermen) continued to make the Wrestling WEREWOLF more fun in a woman's prison in 2006, Her creature had a similar appearance on the screen (glowing red eyes and all).
