This amendment, such as The Theiress (1949), is based on Henry James' novel. * The Heiress *, starring Olivia de Havilland, remains a highly respected work, though less true to the original James story of this new version, which retains the original James title. It is the story of a critical daughter, but a love (Lee), devoted to her father (Fini) after the death of her mother during childbirth. The arrogant father holds his daughter at any estimate of any kind, and considers her, as well as all women, easy. When a young man (Chaplin) comes from a good family and a small fortune flirts, the father is naturally suspicious, but he feels confident that his daughter does not care for any man, and is convinced that the young man is the hunter of fortune and forbids it. To see him. Les actress controversial? Most of them love or hate it? She always has a special form of intensity and insistence on her style, as if she were acting through sharp teeth. It's not bad at this, and it takes on its role relatively brilliantly? It is just an embarrassing role for any actress, making the audience want to get the character from her shoulders and shake it until it comes to its senses. Although the character has a lot of sympathy, it is not very likable. The very handsome and very wonderful Ben Chaplin (seen in * The Truth About Cats and Dogs *) plays his role with the required degree of ambiguity to keep the public guessing whether or not after her wealth. . Maggie Smith is one of the finest actresses alive and raises the level of the film largely by filming a well-meaning aunt. Of course, Finney is as wonderful as a father who threatens to deprive his daughter of disobedience, but the daughter is willing to risk this man whom she loves. But is her enthusiastic kidnapper still wanting her without her wealth? This is just one case where * Washington Square is different from The Heiress. Another example is the ability to stick to it. It's a hard-to-read movie like a tap tap, and it offers a very small story in a very long film.
