Edwin Porter's 1903 "The Great Train Robbery" burst onto the screen with more excitement and creativity so that one prepares for the film from another first major film. Just like Meles' "Journey to the Moon," critics hailed this as the film that introduced Western genre into modern cinema. In my eyes, they were right. He had everything from the planning, the actual theft of the train, the killing of an undesirable civilian, and this last scene looming which makes you realize that these bad guys mean work? Everything was phenomenal for his time. From here to Eastwood, every western director used Porter's picture one way or the other to create his own story. One can not say that this film did not open the door, but the conflict comes from the same story. This type was defined by Porter, but outside the initial excitement? There is really nothing to wrestle with. I may feel annoyed by the West's modern cliches and random messages, but how can I be a cliche before I smile? For me, "The Great Train Robbery" seemed forced and unmanageable and not surprising. <br /> <br /> Unlike Milies, Porter tells a very linear story. The thieves change the course of the train, steal it, then shoot only random people to prove that they are the real bad guys. The final scene ends like any other movie, without any surprises or breakdowns. It's nice. Porter movie boring. In the version you saw, there was a color addition near the end to emphasize feelings, which I felt were cheap and not encouraging the director, or the viewer. The problem remains that, despite its importance, Porter's film has been borrowed over and over again, but in fact it has been reduced. The story itself does not carry the emotional strength it has once. Unlike the movie Melies Early, I can not see this again. I know what happened, I know there is very little behind the scenes, and that in the end is what I have reached? A simple story starts from point "A" to point "B" to point "C". This issue is not only a gripe to me in this film; it is also the most powerful element to be seen in an early film. While she was boring, the fact that she narrated such a powerful novel ?? That our personalities were motivated personalities and engines, were wonderful to see. In an age when non-fiction films were prevalent, this mold was broken. Again, is not I jumping on the prophetic wagon around this film? It's an important movie ?? It's not just a great movie. <br /> <br /> In general, I was excited to jump in this movie to see where the roots of this genre were planted, but I was equally happy to leave this film behind me. . Porter is a talented director, and G.M. It is clear that Anderson has achieved great success in the field that was created, but I was not in awe of the film. I did not expect great budget effects like the work of Melies, and I did not expect a duplicate of "Journey to the Moon", but I wanted to see the same creativity, exploration and originality. I felt Porter was playing it safe, if you could say that with an early film, but I could not feel the excitement because the bad guys did their evil deeds. I did not get along with anyone, and the final conclusion proved that his set of images had faded minutes after the film began. He was a pioneer, but not huge. "The Great Train Robbery" lost its space in the time capsule of the cinema. <br /> <br /> Row: ** Out of *****
