There are no reasons why this documentary is serious. There are four reasons for this: <br /> <br /> 1) The people who made this documentary (including the director and the producer) are Serbs or Serbs, and therefore the standards of neutrality fail. For example, they mentioned that the Croatian expatriates (the so-called "Ustase") played a big role in the fall of Yugoslavia, but did not mention that there are equal Serb organizations as well (Cetniks)! For those of you who were not familiar with the history of the Balkans WW2: The Serbian "Cetniks" portrayed in the documentary were so kind that they helped British paratroopers during the war. Well, that's just half truth. They were also a Monarch group that collaborated with the Germans, but turned aside when Hitler began to lose the war. It is also ironic that they did not mention the leader of Sitnik Mihajlovic in the documentary, the man responsible for killing thousands of people and burning hundreds of villages throughout Bosnia and Croatia. But they mentioned Ante Pavelik ... they ... let me just be a little suspicious. <br /> <br /> 2) Most of the people interviewed are not known to me. I have studied this war for a long time (who is the old British lady !!! She really did not do her homework!) And was not given by name, so anyone could be more or less, maybe someone took him out of the street. Who knows. <br /> <br /> 3) They talk in the documentary about Kosovo and how the Serbs lived there for a long time, and therefore must be the property of Serbia (although they are a minority). Well, when they mention the Serb-dominated part of Croatia (Krajina) suddenly the Serbs are portrayed as having the right to live there because it was their home for a long time. Well, but what people do not know is that the biggest city in Krajina (Knin) has great historical significance for the Croatian people. There was crowned one of the most famous Croatian history kings (Zvonimir), so the city has a historical value for Croatia. The Serbs arrived about 800 years or so! But no, the Serbs must have Krajina and Kosovo, according to the documentary. Is this burning? To me it sounds like a double standard of ethics from the director. In addition, it is said in the documentary that the Croatian Constitution did not have any laws on minority rights. This is a lie because it was one of the first laws to be applied because Croatia has a large Serb minority. <br /> <br /> 4) The film mentions a semi-paramilitary leader, an extremist Croatian called Glavas. Or a radical Muslim. They have been accused of being a major cause of the negative development of the war. Yes, they were extremists, but if you want to talk about extremists, why not mention Serbian paramilitary paramilitary leaders such as Cecilg and Arkan? The flaws are so many that I just made a few of them, so people get an overview of the documentary. It seems that the people who made this documentary were not well prepared and did not have the courage to criticize the Serbs because they were afraid that their Serb relatives would slap them or anything else. There are not a lot of documentaries of good quality, but the best so far is the "death of Yugoslavia" where all the important participants in the war (such as Milosevic, Jović, Bulatovic, Tudman, Izetbegovic, Karadzic, etc.) were interviewed. 5 hours about the fall of Yugoslavia and the war. <br /> <br /> Something else. I saw a comment on this documentary where the person was frustrated by why the United States supported the country that had links with Bin Laden during the war. Well, first and foremost, all the countries involved in the conflict had national leaders and Bosnian Muslims did not have an old ethnic identity (formerly known as "Muslim Croats"). They had to rely on something else besides citizenship to raise the spirit among people, And that was by connecting them to the only thing they had gathered: their religion. They got help from the Mujahideen because no one else would support them. They had to fight the 4th: the largest army in Europe! They needed all the help they could get. Nationalism is the best way to unite people during war. History has shown us that.
