It's easily the worst Priestly car ever, and that would bring us pretty close to the worst film ever made. It is even worse than the fatal "Happy End" song at the end of "The World Expo," and here I thought Elvis was buying all his girlfriend's balloons. Then the balloon vendor, the jiggy band, got to the band as an example of bad cinema. Issued. I usually enjoy the spontaneous Elvis snoop if for no other reason than the memories of a time when we were innocent enough to sit in. However, this should be called "Live a Little, Wish I Were a Little Dead" and makes "Stay Away Joe" look like Olivier playing Othello. <br /> <br /> Here, Elvis plays Greg, who is essentially a free photographer of the Hippie except the story of the Foundation's hair. After a pleasant morning of reckless driving, he ends up on the beach where he is kidnapped by a woman whose name changes on the scene and talks to her. Michelle Carey was clearly chosen for her similarity and ability to imitate Elizabeth Taylor (if I saw this without my glasses, I thought Liz was playing in the late 1960s). She dances her dog on Elvis until he runs in the water and gets pneumonia in a suitable film, and then keeps him out of consciousness in her beach pillow for a long time, losing his job and apartment until he moves his belongings to her house before he wakes up without telling him (the public does not know it either). Elvis returns to work and is beaten by his boss for no reason other than that he deserves to make this film, and tries to go home and find some hateful woman living in his home). <br /> <br /> Instead of being arrested on charges of kidnapping, robbery and assault, he goes out and gets two jobs to repay the back rent Miss Crazy Pants was forced into the spring for when he stole all his belongings. The first job is with Don Porter in Playboy type, and the second is on the top floor for Rudy Vallee in a lively fashion magazine. I think the two-way mixing is supposed to be comedy, which is very bad, it's not the least laugh, unless you laugh the first time I saw someone climb up and down the stairs in a quick move to silly music. The main obstacle that prevents Greg from falling to his kidnapper is her other interest in love, the dreaded sinner Dick Sargent (let's face it, either Porter or Valais, even if we look at their advanced ages in 1968, it would have made the most conciliatory rivals of Miss Chrysler the effects) . <br /> <br /> There's a variety of interesting and unusual twists and turns, I've been waiting for something, anything that's going to make this all logical. He never did. The total entertainment time is about three minutes and consists of a film "A little less talk than the talk" (which I can listen to on a CD without this painful film) and five funny seconds as Elvis floats on the couch and Crazy Pants apparently disassembles it They all fly to pieces when they land on them. That's it, people, the furniture seized, the only laughter in this entire film. No amount of clothing, music or decoration in the 1960s can save this bad smell, and it must be avoided at all costs. Watching this can create an abnormal desire on the part of the public towards self-harm to serious bodily harm.
