When I was 17, I really thought Elvis was the king of rock and roll, and I did not just want to see all 31 of his personal films, but my ambition was to own them too. What a very poor excuse because I am 17 years old. Thank God Sade and Live A Little, Love A Little is the only film Elvis has. <br /> <br /> This movie has been highlighted recently since the release of a revised version of Best A Little Less Conversation as one. (The first to reach the UK in the top ten in 22 years? His first appearance in the UK number 1 in 25). Even when I was 17 and desperately needed psychological help, I realized that the songs of this film were not in the first place. However, the micro-talk-rollnecks and 60s govoving aside - are the real foreground. Finding a lesser-known song known by relatively few are only promoted in the mainstream, leads to a mix of emotions. It is good to finally see a belief in a justified song, but it is also sad to see the disintegration of your own cult. (But what really bothers me about this film is not a little less conversation, but the 84 minutes it takes. In fact, based on the novel "Kiss My Firm But Pliant Lips" - what kind of lame novels would that be?) This person sees Elvis boring hiding with a "comedy" and a nymph. Within 90 seconds of his interview, Michelle Carey wonders, "Do you want to make me love me?" I'm fast moving by all standards, and I'm sure you'll agree. <br /> <br /> I seem to remember that some early Elvis films - most notably Jailhouse Rock and King Creole - were not too bad, but this is just hillbilly squash hillbilly. Your dismissal from a job in a newspaper could lead to a five-minute karate battle with two ginger, leading to the accumulation of highways which is good for laughs, and the black-mermaid wears pink. There is even a dream sequence for God. Perhaps the only stupid stereotype that is not compatible with it is the absence of all these many songs. With only four to choose from, including the number of balances, you are waiting 22 minutes on average between tracks. Some films may become trivial because of a lot of melodies, but here they may have helped to numb the pain. Of the remaining three, the Edge of Reality is not really that bad, although Elvis must certainly be called "The Bear Trap." <br /> <br /> In a sense, to get a PG movie certificate from 1968 then this is a shockingly high sexual content. But unfortunately, with talking dogs, the values ​​of the Central American sitcom, the most brutal dance you see at all, the dignity of Alves was obliterated in this film.
