It is finally time to witness the perpetuation of Azumi's fate as a murderer, the fruit of her personality and the ultimate attempt to draw me deeper into the world through her merciless agitation during the first epic. <br /> <br /> This is as poetic as I will get when I talk about Azumi 2: Death or Love, because when I was tired of the intense feelings of House of Flying Daggers and complained about the credibility of Aya Ueto who portrayed a bloody killer after watching Azumi 2 I have begun to appreciate the shortcomings mentioned earlier than ever before. <br /> <br /> Not only is each assassin's design slow and uninspiring, but many important elements of the entire experiment have also been deleted. In Azumi 1, we saw that killers use many stealth tactics (which represent their first priority) as well as logic to make their work easy through quick executions and their fastest escape capabilities. But I will not bring it against this film much because the story has been modified a bit this time and there are a lot of obstacles planted in Azumi's way to prevent it from reaching the war prince and displaying no signs of charisma. Incidentally, Chiaki was foolishly suspended in the bulk of the film and is essentially playing a copy of Go Go, minus a cold weapon and a sense of threat. <br /> <br /> This brings me to the final blow is already done, simply disguised in the title as the "Death" side of the epic. In the first half of the film, we see the emergence of many promising enemies with a brighter look and brighter weapons. To the surprise of anyone they meet with their end one way or another but the film is short when all of them start dying very quickly and easily. In Azumi 1, young killers beat the opposition with swift but somewhat satisfying battles, and the final confrontation between Azumi and Bijomaru compared to the battles at Azumi 2 was at its peak and at least worthwhile. Some interesting effects were introduced but they were not able to achieve innovation due to the shortness of each encounter. I never drop the traditional Samurai movie style with its fast and realistic battles, but characters in both Azumi films were so creative and direct from the anime that it was possible to break the rules and the procedure was supposed to be enriched. br /> <br /> The romantic side of Azumi exists to fill time between scenes of fighting and unfortunately in the end, serves no purpose and does not provide the accuracy required too. <br /> <br /> As a fan with an open mind for a wide range of movies and animations, I will not lie, I will recognize neutrality and dislike for Azumi's first film, but I will go and say that after watching Azumi 2, the original was made to look like a flawless masterpiece. Azumi 2: Death or Love It was possible to go directly to the video, with its richer budget and its failed capabilities to add or even expand a deadly journey of desperate killers, doing their best to restore peace, with the constant courage of death to try.
