I thought that the film (especially the plot) needs a lot of work. The elements of the film are still Western and incorrect in an attempt to produce an oriental sense in the film. First, when I told Sean Wendy that he would help her study the history of China, I was really happy because the audience would get some information about Chinese history. But it turned out that the film did not show Wendy exactly the study of Chinese history; but instead, the film only shows Wendy practiced a little way what I studied, which frustrated me and annoyed me. <br /> <br /> Secondly, what really bothered me was how the characters continued to refer to the mooncakes. - The moon cakes this and the moon cakes it and how good its taste. They did not, however, mention the true importance of this. The only one they talked about who had anything to do with the moon cake was the Autumn Festival, which did not explain or deepen. They could have remembered the legend that is connected to the moon cake - moon lady. The myth begins with how once there are ten suns, each of which is at a height, but one day all the sun rises, the earth dries up with the high heat; so Divine Archer, Hou Yi, released nine of the sun's rays, One (there are different versions where Hou Yi shot the eight out of nine sun). Because of his heroic contribution, he was given the Pill of Immortality so that he could live forever if the ten sun stood up again, but his wife Zhang - or stolen. After I stole him, I ran to the moon, where I met the rabbit. She then came up with an idea and asked the rabbit to pull the pill into several pieces so that she could spread the pill all over the earth, giving everyone immortality. (There are some differences in this story, but throughout my childhood, I have often heard about this version). I thought that such details would make the plot more culturally oriented. <br /> <br /> The last thing I would like to mention is the scene of the last battle of the film. The monks' teachers were fighting Terra-cotta Warriors against the idea of ​​how important Chinese history is to the Chinese. The Terra-cotta Warriors are a link between China's past and very alienated (where evil must be killed in any way), where the monks in the movies were willing to destroy this connection. It would be understandable if Wendy, since she is an American Chinese and does not have full Chinese knowledge, has no problem destroying these priceless artifacts. <br /> <br /> The entire film was alienated because it seemed that all the monks and Shen wanted to do was fight ... I mean, TVPG was classified because of the violence, which conflicts with Confucius' thinking in cooperation and harmony. It may seem more accurate that the monks are trying to avoid violence and try to resolve things peacefully before having to resort to violence. <br /> <br /> All in all, all of the product, writer, director or one. They did not do their research accurately and did an anarchist and effortless job. I suggest that they stop broadcasting this film or re-film the film so that it contains more accurate information; however, I would like to give it credit (two stars) to remove one stereotype of Asians and Asian Americans because they are smart and quiet.
