I realized that living in the western plains of the state of Wyoming during the 20th century was brutal, in fact, perhaps still brutal today, but was it large enough to turn into a film "specially made for television"? Also, women's rights were still in its infancy in this nation during this time, until you find an independent woman determined to start again in this harsh land, and still show a realistic era ?? Will you make a good show? Frankly, I do not know. I've been thinking about this film for the past couple of days, and I still can not get the strength to say it was a terrible film, but I can honestly tell you it was not the greatest I've ever seen. From many styles of acting, to mismatched representatives devoid of emotional personality, to some of the most horrific PG ratings scenes until the late 1970s, it is hard to get a very good understanding of Heartland. Was it good? Is it bad? It may be up to you to introduce yourself and decide, but even then, here are moments you've enjoyed and hated hard! <br /> <br /> This film still represents a struggle in my mind because there are some very exciting scenes. Scenes I was not sure what the director was doing or the direction he was heading to, but it seemed to work well as a whole. I thought the whole story was a very interesting historical story. I do not know much about living in Wyoming, especially in the early 20th century, so this film captured that image in my mind. Think of a very cold winter, there are no neighbors miles or miles, this Polaroid view is untouched by American companies. It was refreshing to see and catch a breath of experience (though television). There were scenes that really popped into my mind, such as the sight of cattle brands, the scene of pig slaughter, and the sad cheerleader who did not survive their journey, which brought only a real sense of realism to the story. Director Richard Pierce has done a great job of presenting Wyoming's views to viewers, but I'm not sure he brought in decent players to accompany the show. <br /> <br /> While I will always complete the scene of this film, I have had trouble dealing with the actors who apparently walked over the group and read their lines of cards on the side. Reuben Torren appeared from his role in the role of Clyde Stewart, the only person to find a relationship with Conventa Veril from Eleanor Randall. The two as representatives have no chemistry at all. Their scenes that they share with each other are meaningless and devoid of any emotion. The sight of the lamb made me stitches because of the way the "old-fashioned" actors portrayed it. Elinor makes the courage to do the child out of her, while Clyde gives a nod when she's done. This is love? Was it supposed to be love? I do not know, I think with stronger characters we would have seen a stronger link, but with Torren and Friel, I felt like the actors playing their part. The other scenes that seemed to be struggling in my mind were those scenes when the frozen horse knocks at the door for food or shelter, and the relentless mercy growing up in Clyde's daughter Elinor (I could not believe it) the lack of real winter conflict and the whole earth scene. The scene of the earth is special because I needed more clarification of what Elinor was doing and why she was doing and why Clyde adopted her house if they married! It was these simple events that, if it took time to explore them, would have made a stronger film. <br /> <br /> In general, I'll go halfway with this feature. There were certainly elements that should have been explored more deeply, such as the relationship between these two strangers and the main goals of Elinor's return, but they encountered some beautiful scenes of our nation. These panoramic scenes which, within 100 years, have changed from vast mountains to huge skyscrapers. While there were some fantastic scenes of realism (cattle and pigs), I felt like we needed more. Depth was an essential element of this film, dominated by marginal representation and a diminishing story. Pierce may have a deeper pigeon in this untapped world, but instead leave open loopholes and Western vulgar characters. Ferrell carried her own, but Torren was completely wrong. Respectable to watch, but will not be picked up again by me. <br /> <br /> Appreciation: ** From *****
