Joseph El Mankovic's film did not need to be reshaped. It is a very good film that is well made to this day. However, given that the modern-day remodeling machine is now in full swing; I can not really say I was surprised to see the film updated to the modern audience. The plot is still the same as the original film. In essence, we have the story of a young man named Milo Tindel, who begins to see an older man, Andrew Wick, to discuss divorce because the younger man connects him to the wife of the older man. From there, the game of cat and mouse follows. It is clear from the beginning that director Kenneth Branagh wanted to add a different touch to this film as he does so via the central site, which has been transformed from a charming country house full of original games into a technical marvel with layers of security equipment. I am glad that the director chose to make this change because no one wants to see a new edition copied directly from the original; in addition to the fact that the site is well used and nice to always look at it. Unfortunately, however, the positive elements of Sleuth 2007 end there. <br /> <br /> The original film was two hours long, while this new version is just a shadow over eighty minutes. So, of course, this means that this version has little about it; unfortunately the characters are suffering. The plot is also moved and we get to the first twist of the story very quickly and before giving any chance to understand why and how these events actually happen. The film does not build characters or the relationship between them, which is enough to make sure that their relationship is logical. One of the main things that changed about the older character was his obsession; originally, he was obsessed with the games that became very important once the fluctuations appeared. Here he has a kind of security fag that does not mean anything at all. The Kenneth Branagh method allows the film to get a high degree but ends up there. The original has prospered, but this movie is happy to just raise it on many occasions, most of which are unjustified; which is the cheapest thing. The final touches in the story are quite different from the way they were originally and ensure that the film is a truly horrific outcome. After spending two hours with the original, I understood, respected and loved both of the cases presented in the film - 80 minutes later, I hated them. I have some respect for Bernagh because he not only publishes a carbon copy of the original film; but this is not a good adaptation of Anthony Shaffer's great play.
