It has been almost ten years since I saw any of the other supplements to "Phantasm" - it is certain that the memory that still lives for them is not very good. After recognizing this day, I still admire the first two, so I thought I would go back and try the "final chapters". The third part is definitely the worst in the series because it obviously takes itself less seriously and throws into a bunch of senseless confusions ... Again, from where we left the previous film, Reggie Mike keeps the long man who He promises to return to him later, but things are not safe for a long time when Judy is able to explain the shape of a ball. It seems that his spirit is being held by a tall man, so that Mike is then dragged to the evil, wicked other world and Reg has to find him ... Along the way, he meets a 10-year-old boy and a naughty black chuck, Help him throughout his journey. <br /> <br /> There is nothing really memorable about "Phantasm III" except the stupidity and "comic" power that you are trying to be. There was one positive aspect that did not even help the film as a return. Michael Baldwin and Bill Thornberry, who re-played their roles for the first time since the original classic film of 1978. The problem is that they make the appearance of a large veil ... Reggie Panister has of course returned to starring role, but his faltering and loving attitude makes his presence very troublesome. Angus Scrimm also does not seem quite "in" its role. He talks a lot here and does not come close to being intimidating and frightening in contrast to the "weirdness" that the film seemed to be indifferent to. The opinion of most people about this hypocrisy seems very emotional and tends to be thought of as "still amusing." Maybe I'm only a gems picker but I could not get into this. I remember her dislike when I was a kid and after seeing him again - I can safely say - nothing has changed. Don Cuscarelli shook the scene with his legendary legendary fantasy film "Fantazem", which still held its place as the best flick of horror and its esteemed follower kept things moving and surreal and surreal, but "The Dead Lord" (stupid title) seemed to me very fast and slapped me. "The inclusion of the two new cases, Tim and Rocky (the only thing missing was Scrai do!), Was a strong indicator of Cuscarelli's running out of ideas. See how far he can ride the franchise ... <br /> <br /> So, it's a Phantasm that has very few guns, a throne and four gunshots. Do I need to say more?
