Wow, the plot for this movie is everywhere! There is a lot of plot and lots of things that happen to the point that it makes my work spins my head !! As a result, none of these films seemed to be believable. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Kai Francis as a housewife living in a small town. She has some experience in the local theater and has ambitions to go to Broadway. When a big actor arrives in the city, he is pursued with the hope that he will give her a professional push. But her husband is worried about geniuses - because this actor is a small child. So, the Baal burst on them and hit the actor - and the actor dies! As a result, I was convicted of murder of the first degree !!! Not manslaughter, but murder 1! Now, she is pregnant and needs money, Kay goes to New York. But the Broadway jobs can not be found, so they are forced to take over any post - even playfully. Unable to take care of her little daughter properly, she gives her another woman to raise. However, they eventually find a job in a real Broadway play and everything seems rosy. But the jealous singer who plays the role of starring hates her for inexplicable reason and forces her to get rid of the play. Desperate, make their way to England and become a real star. Years later, she returned to New York to raise her baby - but the child is older and the woman she is sponsoring is believed to be her real mother. At the same time, her husband's lawyer now believes that if he gets $ 10,000, he can get the man out of jail. As another reviewer wrote, is this to bribe people ?! How could he get out $ 10,000 off otherwise - he might buy a helicopter so they could fly to the yard and assemble it! F - This is enough for a movie or three movies! All this happens with a 45 minute mark !!! Believe it or not, there is more. If you are really interested, look for yourself to see how things all evolve. <br /> <br /> This is like "writing a kitchen sink" - where practically everything is thrown in the hope that somehow everything will work out. Unfortunately, it turned out that the film was incredibly hopelessly hopeless despite the best efforts of Mrs Francis. It's a kind of film that no one could really save because of a second-rate conspiracy. It seems like someone took a few dozen drawing elements, threw it into a box and then started picking it up randomly to make a movie !! In general, unless you are a fan of the fanatical Kai Francis or love anything Hollywood made in the 1930s, this fan can be easily crossed. Not terrible but definitely not good. <br /> <br /> By the way, the girl who played the role of Francis' daughter on her return to New York (Sibble Jason) was really terrible. I think it was supposed to be ... I think.
