When a man who does not have Alzheimer's disease can not remember the number of films he made, he is probably the most productive director in the world. This man is Jesus Franco, king of the so-called "eurotrash". The 1980's Deville Hunter is delighted, ambiguous, stupid, lazy and exploitative in the true sense of the word (the title of the film is misleading, for starters) like any other Franco film I've ever seen. However, Franco has a kind of supernatural sense, in a generous way with outrageous obscene, with nudity, corruption and violence, and even with his cheap, stupid editor trying to pave the top wheel with which he made all his films. This combination of all these elements makes you give up on his movies, so you wait for them mostly because they are very tedious. <br /> <br /> Devil Hunter is close to being incomprehensible for the first half hour. The abduction by outsiders of a white woman appears to be a model or a movie star intertwined with a host of local businesses in South America. There are plenty of bare exercises, dancing and endless recurring costs on the ugly totem column. You need to get used to repeated zooms and the same image reduction technique three consecutive times, these are the main ways Franco has put it to extend the feature out. A monster that looks like a totem pole is actually a kind of fear. He has severe defects and is always referred to his presence on the soundtrack by postponing its ends, and it appears to have been recorded in the echo chamber. Early in this piece, an authentic lady is bound to a tree, and it is hard to know what is actually happening here but I think he ate her stomach (or her genitals, beautiful Jesus!). <br /> <br /> In any case, the adventure begins correctly when a man is sent to Vietnam and his unknown vet is sent to the island to retrieve the white girl from the kidnappers. The strongman has a tone that, as they are called, half Brooklyn American, half English - Liverpudlian and all retarded. All dialogue and dubbing is ridiculous and laughable, making another layer of film can get your attention one way or the other. <br /> <br /> Much of the reality does not come from here on, but it happens very slowly, caught up with the strange thing of anger like rape. The foul act (haha!) Is embodied by a pudan of nudity 360 degrees of indigenous and female female, even of the beast itself. Being walking around with his bare penis makes wrestling an unpopular choice for a strongman's hero, but it must be done at some point. It is good to note that the director will display the genitals of anyone on the camera. <br /> <br /> The best feature of Deville Hunter is to photograph the site. Franco can be very cheap through structural aspects and filmmaking stories, but he does not mix with groups. You get real islands, forests, helicopters and mountains, all in a wide screen. This is something really wonderful to experience these days from crazy CGI sets and nausea backgrounds. <br /> <br /> In the end, the recommendation issues with respect to this film seem to be debatable. If you're trying to watch all the bad videos, you'll have to watch it sometime, and you'll be as confused as you were. If you like Franco, you will see this anyway. If you do not fit into any of the above categories, chances are you will never come across this movie. Copying it is not just a lie, and I can not recommend going out of it. It's Franco. Lazy, crazy Franco.
