For beginner and record, the term "Necromancy" describes the art of black magic to bring the dead back to life and it is in no way related to sex with corpses. This is called the carnage, yes, I know it is a clear difference, but I already receive a lot of observations from relatives and relatives that I am doing a distorted taste in films! This film is the opposite of what is oblique or flabby, in fact, just qualify is dull, incompetent and very bad. "Necromancy" makes at least one of the top five labels, in the list of the most uncompromising films ever produced! Now, director Bert Gordon is not well known for presenting masterpieces (in his collection, there are titles such as "Earth vs. Spider", "King of Dinosaurs" and "Food of the Gods") but he really transcended himself here is a completely meaningless, superfluous and completely illogical story About magic and small secret towns. Shortly after the tragic experience of seeing their baby born, Laurie and her husband Frank move to the small, quiet town of Lilith, where Frank is suddenly offered a prominent job at a toy factory. Lori is fishy and has a satisfying atmosphere, especially with the town patriarch and "owner" Mr. Kato acting very obnoxious and obscure. That's another thing. How can anyone "own" a town and everyone in it? In both cases, Laurie gradually discovers that everyone in Lilith is charming and that Mr. Cato has exclusively attracted her to the city because of her miraculous ability to revive the dead. For many years already, Kato has been trying to bring his deceased son back to life and is ready to make any sacrifices he needs. I honestly do not see the goal of the entire film. It's a blatant rip of "Rosemary Baby"? One of the alternative titles is even "Rosemary disciples"? But the text is confused and beyond imagination. Why is not anyone allowed to have children as long as the son of Kato is dead? This is just really selfish! When, where and how did Lori suddenly learn to revive the dead? "Necromancy" certainly contains some strange moments and real atmosphere, but these events are accomplished by sheer chance or through a complete budget shortfall. The film's lovable photography offers a strange atmosphere and the specific pieces seem cheap enough to be creepy. Performance of Orson Wells? Undoubtedly a low point of his career? Pathetic, and still the best aspect of the entire film.
