The only previous film I saw was the childhood adventure THE MAGIC SWORD (1962), although I soon followed this with the Ant Empire (1977); however, it seems better to remember it because of its scientific work in the 1950s. <br /> <br /> Anyway, this happened at a DVD rental store: I had not noticed the character Orson Welles unambiguous on the cover, maybe I did not bother her - because I know the movie under its original title, NECROMANCY! I still saw them on an old horror grave from my father: the presence of the actor in a movie about diabetes was a wonderful idea that could not be missed, but the end result - especially in this explosive edition - is a disaster! I honestly felt sorry for Wells who seemed bored, and instead of his deep voice and leader, he obscures the almost diabolical protests in whispers !! <br /> <br /> The plot is, in essence, another process of regeneration of ROSEMARY'S BABY (1968): a couple were invited to a distant society under false pretexts and soon discover they are surrounded by diabetes specialists. The girl, played by Pamela Franklin, seemingly supernatural powers (moved from her mother, who appears intermittently to her warning - although it is delivered in an intense manner through taut teeth, the latter's sermons are largely incoherent from the sheer joy of each Once appear!), And is expected to greet the son of Wales the young man who died from the dead !! Franklin, who is of the normal type, direct from her first performance in "The Demons" (1961) - is not bad in her role (which requires some nudity and experiences many hallucinations during the film). Baal Michael Ontkin, however, does not live up to his character like John Cassavet. Some other girls seem to be in good shape - especially Lee Purcell, who has proved her late decision to help Franklin escape from the city in the end she calms down. <br /> <br /> The events reached their climax at an unbelievably high peak, which sees the demons eventually turning to Franklin and asking them to take the place of the boy who lived in the coffin (this is your gratitude!). Although the added scenes still exist (the funny opening ceremony and other exciting erotic motifs), the overall quality of the film is still bad without it; then again, this particular version has sunk further into the electronic result - and this is totally inappropriate, Maximum!
