When I was a teenager, I was beautiful at Bigfoot thing in full - I read the books and followed the reported viewers. As a more disturbing person, I have largely abandoned the big man now, but do not mind seeing the strange film when I come across one of them. This has had a couple of strong points - most notably the recreation of two of Bigfoot's biggest encounters - the Ape Canyon incident in 1924 and the Bowman accident of 1850 with respect to both Roosevelt and Teddy, both of which are fairly familiar with the young reading she did. The film is taken for granted that both incidents involve contact, while both cases contain more logical explanations, but recreation was good. There is also a tribute paid at the beginning of the film to the famous Patterson video, taking into account that his authenticity is recognized. The successive confrontation at the end of the film was very good, and her feeling was very creepy as it was filmed under the shadows or like shaky feet passing by frightening men. Unfortunately, these four things may have consisted of about 20 minutes, while the whole film is just over an hour and a half. <br /> <br /> It's the fictional story of an exploratory trip to a remote area in northern British Columbia, to the extent of the suspected hillside house. The computer targeted this area based on views - and in one of the most entertaining scenes in the movie - the computer also used "eyewitness scenes" to paint a picture of Sasuke resembling the "creature" of a Patterson video! Apart from those 20 minutes I mentioned, we mainly see this expedition, which means we are seeing a handful of men going on a long camping trip. I've been camping trips with players. Let me tell you - they were not eligible for the film. (Though one of the suspects has been using canned shots, or even captive animals performing wild animals). There are some wonderful shots, except that the scene is not from northern British Columbia, it's a national park In Oregon. <br /> <br /> I realized that we never received a real picture of the maskwatch, so we did not have to deal with the bad makeup that was going to be part of this. 10/03
