Can contain spoilers ..... I am surprised by the high rating of this film to be honest .. I really. All I saw was a slow motion film, and I had nothing to say. (Note that fate must be achieved by Platon's classification here). This movie was very white and black ... Americans are good ... anyone else is either wicked or useless. I consider that the British forces in that were supposed to be SAS (one of the most elite units in the world that agree with I am very sure) that they lost 3 men and the others fled while US forces that were not even elite soldiers in combat sense grabbed the ground and opened up to them The mantle of the ass on them is the evil Iraqi infiltrators. Set the dead tendons to mind. The only good thing I have to say about this film came in this sense when the sniper took out a SAS man ... Flash flash from a distance, good noise used ... very good I did it a little bit but the rest ... cut me when I was 10 Years here ?? !! Well, I'm not, and I can see comic propaganda in a movie, and a boy did this film. <br /> <br /> SPOILER ... Oh, and in the main wild insanity, a brutal stay can not stay at home with his wife and small child .. He must not register for another year to fight in a nonsense lie of war !! Why? Because young people need excitement or something. Like to say, I was surprised by the high rating of this film really. <br /> <br /> P.S. I do not hate America, I hate the message of this film that does not even seem to want to face the issues of illegal war (in my eyes) that is not bad enough because it is clear that there are people who think it is a just war for any corrupt reason Have something else but are censored), but it is up to them. But to take out a movie from one side like a black and white ... Good evil is lazy and treated me as a child. In the war, there is a lot of gray, two sides (sometimes more) believing in what they are fighting for. Star Wars is not something with dark side verses of good things. F - For Hollywood Sometimes, you guys really take the cups ... then again 7.8 .... well, maybe you're right but I will not buy it. Happy I downloaded this movie telling you all this for nothing. ;)
