Like the last day appointed Rand, Bigelow is a major macho filmed in a film of a few American Indians stuck in Iraq defusing roadside bombs by Arab terrorists who are ruthless, ruthless, and murdering children. While Bigelow assumes the war on Iraq as the backdrop to the grand stage of human drama, a veteran bomb expert and another to replace him in the dusty, hot, ugly rubble in Iraq, the birth of a new hero. <br /> <br /> The new man is what John Hershey describes in his book, and later the film, The Lover Lover, as a sadistic suite that does not really fit civic life and requires the activation of war to sublimate and suppress his sexual desires wrong. A lover of war can only work fully in times of war, where he is strangled in time of peace. While Hershey pursued the war lover (who played Steve McQueen in one of his greatest roles), Beglow glorified him. The army needs war lovers, they are the fortress of defense against our enemies. We can not deal with the fact that war lovers are the best soldiers, the toughest men. According to Bigelow non-spiritual, ordinary men are pussies, war lover is a special breed, another cowboy. So what if he wanted to return his men, or accompanied an Iraqi boy? It is a rebound to the cult of sexual and mute war. In war, sex is disrespectful, without love, do not ask, do not tell me about the kind of links between males. Bigelow has no opinion in this; it is only a limitation of masculinity options in this fist attempt in realism. War lovers can only win the moral conflict between right and wrong, between American innocence and Arab treachery. Bigelow disguises her racism and arrogance behind the ingenious interface of the press. It is just another Yahoo game depicting a brutal war against civilians as a moral triumph of the spirit. <br /> <br /> On the political front, Bigelow returns to the West and its relentless clichés over and over again. : A wonderful world of open borders, which happens to be another country. ("You can shoot people here," says a soldier); a companion of a hard black but human man, a soldier with a deathly obsession, a monster, and perhaps a crazy, idiot-educated, university-educated leader who tries to befriend the enemy. Whatever you like, Bigelow resurrects it. <br /> <br /> The love of the boy is clear in the scenes with the gentle Arab boy who endorses the war lover, but Bigelow plays it directly; she does not complete sex, just sterilizes it. What Peugeot really wants to show us is the ugly, cynical face of the Arab enemy. Any Iraqi is not a pure evil that is either deceitful or hostile or not good for any good, anyway. They all deserve to die because of their stand, and many of them are doing in this majestic film. All Iraqi women are hysterical, but they know of their existence through screaming. They can be male stunt men in the clouds for all I know, will never see their faces. There is no female presence at all in the base or in the battle, although female suicide rates in Iraq will certainly refute this. <br /> <br /> Bigelow follows all the suggestions one by one. She glorifies the war, and she launches the hero of the sadist hero. The cowboys, surrounded by Indians who are without human beings, prove their steadfastness by doing God's work and subjugating the miserable hell of terrorists with courage and a maniacal obsession. In the end, I felt like rooting for the Indians. In the world of Bigelow, although there is no mercy or understanding ever. Iraqis are inhumane. Slaughtering civilians is just a dramatic backdrop to our sexual sexual struggle. All the United States, a bullet finds its imprint. You have to love a man, a war lover. It's just his way, he's the real hero. It's just a man trying to get things done the hard way, and what if he wants to hear the boy on the side.
