This successful 1970 film did not advance in age, but frankly, it was not good when it was released. However, it has been a huge success on a large scale perhaps because the idea of ​​killer acne should attract audiences saturated with constant TV coverage of the Vietnam War. This plot is a purely knowledgeable game because it is about Harvard University hockey player Oliver Barrett, who meets Gianni Cavalli, a fiercely opposed Vassar student in her working class background. Of course, his father does not agree with Jenny in the old school, and in a typical act of rebellion, this means that the young couple get married in one of those ceremonial celebrations in the Hippy era. He got the job of his dreams in New York, but unexpectedly sick and dying of her final illness. There is a crust of contemporary filmmaking techniques introduced by director Arthur Heller, but none of them can hide the old story full of Kalishism at its core. The inevitable end left me in particular. <br /> <br /> Ryan O'Neal and Ali MacGraw have become stars in this film like Oliver and Jenny, but inexplicably because they do not seem to be able to convey the depth or complexity required for their work. The characters are convincing. At least, O'Neill is boyish in his humble, humble approach, but McGraw is so wooden and so eloquent that it is hard to see what Oliver sees in Jenny outside her satirical face. John Marley (two years before he found the headless bet-horse in his bed in the film "The Godfather") works better like Phil Gennes, Blainsbocken Baker, as well as Ray Milland as Barrett seems insensitive. Francis Lay's familiar music has become a parody in itself over the years. The quality of printing on a DVD is good, although the only additional version is a somewhat overly misleading comment track by Hiller. The most interesting thing of trivia is that the author Eric Seagal (on which this film is based) depicts Oliver as a mix between two of his colleagues in the Harvard room he knew ?? Vice President Al Gore and actor Tommy Lee Jones, who happened to have had a minor role in the film as one of his roommates at Oliver.
