DRACULA 2000 is a horror film that has been shown continuously on Sky Movies in Britain and since it seems to be being shown about three times a week for a full year, I have no idea at all how I managed to miss it until it was first aired on the television tonight. In fact, since I'm not a fan of horror movies, maybe it's because of my theory that this would be expensive. My theory has proven to be true most often <br /> <br /> !!!!! Little spoilers !!!!! <br /> <br /> What makes DRACULA 2000 such a bad movie is the amount of stupid programming involved. For example, early in the film, the bad guys were watching Dracula's coffin from London to America (in a twin-engine turbocharger!) And leaving one of the bad guys alone in the cargo area where Dracula returns to life. The fight breaks out, there is a lot of noise but the bad guys in the cockpit do not even hear a voice prompts the script. It also appears at the height of this part that Dracula can control the weather, but this seems forgotten as the film progresses. Writing a dirty text, as there seems to be a problem in the temple where there are many scenes of characters in the New Orleans marshes Grass then the characters are in a different location like the police station in the next scene and then go back in Mardi Gras scene afterwards which means not enhancing the credibility of the plot < There is something else grabbed my chain - the position of the product. There are many scenes where the logo has a certain chain of tags / retailers in full display mode. I would not dare advertise the brand (except to say that it runs a train company, a national joke in Britain) but I felt that this kind of advertising was against the BBC and was surprised by the BBC show if that was the case. /> There are some pros in DRACULA 2000 such as visual images, for example. It's actually a good-looking movie with good-looking actors and a boy who had these hot vampire chicks, but it's something we should expect from Hollywood over the past few years - a very good-looking movie
