Is filled with letters about the Pinocchio theme, and was set during the Christmas season (after the previous disembarkation of Christmas relationships). There have been bomb games to kill a child (yet other victims are accidentally hurt in this process) Son "game maker. Mad George was screaming for responsible for the lethal toys (including the larvae of the victim's mouth and eyeballs, and another soldier actually burying real bullets on a babysitter after her boyfriend was strangled by a hand-cut toy, distance). The small target is a silent child named Derek (William Thorne) whose father was killed by a red ball with arms outstretched his face, causing him to land at Poker Heater. Sarah (Jane Higginson) is worried about the mental state of her son, who fears his reluctance to open gifts, or more importantly, the horrific murder of her husband. Noah's real father, Tracy Freim, fears his safety and reluctantly informs his ex-girlfriend Sarah that the local playmaker Joe Beto (Mickey Rooney) was once arrested for placing game traps to harm children because of the loss of an unborn child when His wife was killed in a car accident .. Some sort of retaliation to say that if he could not have a child, then others should not. Although he still drinks heavily (often seen as laughing with Jack), Betto seems to have put his feelings on the children, but his frightened son Pino (Brian Bremer) has not done so and Derek has been hurting him. why? You will understand soon. <br /> <br /> Special effects are rather disappointing rather than the idiot hypothesis. Adds the name Rooney's appeal to the film, and earned a bad reputation, but his historical writings can only help a lot. The leading leading actress Higginson (Slaughterhouse) and Freemason as the man who enters her life is not very bad, but the lame plot that develops is difficult to take seriously. I think this is the point, but Rooney has no reason to be in a movie like this ... He has no room to bring any personality to his playmaker except anger and despair, very volatile, barely holding himself as he explodes in anger at Pino, when he does not fall Wines. Bremer is appropriately bizarre and "robotic" like Pino, longs to be Sarah's Mama. The practical effects used during attacks on victims are somewhat unconvincing. Madge George's work with Savage Steve Holland was more effective than what we see in this film. The sex that everyone talks about is not justifiable as many think (I can not even remember any nudity). Probably the best that has been discovered is many sequences, but this is not exactly the case. I'm sure it's written on paper, it was an entertainment concept, and the idea of ​​fooling Pinocchio with the elements of horror, but the result does not quite blow.
