Well, it may be hard to put a man's life fully into one movie. Traditionally, biomedical studies focus on one or two important parts of a person's life. Now, Byron was a colleague in "Weekly beats your year", making the selection of acting parts harder. Moreover, as Byron felt inseparable from his life, the life of the man himself must be seen as a whole. Raising the parts outwards not only shows the entire picture, but also displays a completely different picture. <br /> <br /> Now, in short, my assessment comes to this: Byron was supposed to already have a "weekly beats your year" prototype, a man who lived so intensely that he actually did more than 15 years or more of his activity than most Throughout his entire life. True, he had setbacks and was a victim of the time and social preparation he lived in - but in the end, this man is supposed to be the prototype we all want to live in, right? Well, at no time did I want to live the life described in this film. If, they get 3. Not because of doing this badly (which is, on the one hand, it was more or less), but more importantly the point is completely lost in a flat piece of land. <br /> <br /> Some other details. Well, to simplify things, Byron's career should have two distinct episodes: 1. The first post-Europe journey: England and his rise to fame + marriage 2. His life abroad. Now, the important thing is that the second part must be at least as important as the first part. Not only was it a long time, but the most important change in Byron happened at the time. Moreover, he has made his best works (Don Juan, Vision of Governance, etc. - all the things that make him * really unique in English literature). <br /> <br /> Instead, in this film, Byron's life never comes as remotely entertaining, and it gets worse after leaving England. They did two good jobs: first, they started on his return from his trip to Europe (although more of the actual journey was welcome as an introduction), second, they chose a corner, and chose his incestuous love for Augusta (who casts rather well). The problem with this last thing is that they did not let him go. It is true that Byron remained strongly attached to Augusta for the rest of his life, but, especially as he was a mood swinging person, the fact that his letters reflect this does not mean that at other times he may not have fully enjoyed life. In any case, the first part of the TV film must end with England leaving. There is no doubt about that. The thing is: Once abroad, the life of debauchery began (with the notorious Geneva period), but in Italy Byron also discovered a new life, both for his poetry (inspired by Italian comedy), already in Venice, and when he found Contessa Teresa Guiccioli and moved to Ravenna (then, at the request of Shelly, with Teresa, to Pisa). In other words, it was also * edited *. His mind and life opened (not only in the sense of decadence), while England closed more because it fell in gravity in the Victorian era. True, freedom was less than Augusta, but this time freedom is sweet in this film. We see a lonely person getting bored and getting older. <br /> <br /> I mean, hell, Byron did not think much about his hair, except when he found his voice in Don Juan! Apart from poetic and romantic developments, his relationship with Chile (and below) must be more closely documented. Also, in Italy in Ravenna, he shares politics and revolutionary ideas. This is important, because it shows that the romantic language collapses and eventually the successful language and the person of Child Harold turns into a more realistic and lighter passion in the language and person without Don Juan. Life and work are one. True, it is still a little naive, but that's what made it in Greece! Everything happened in a whole circle in Pisa, where the revolutionary Chilean spirit sparked the spark. Missolonghi was not suddenly bored looking suddenly for some action. Those ideas were in Italy (Gambas) that moved him to work. It can be a symbol of a man who is looking for some old excitement in battle while the rest of Europe becomes fixed in the modern and conservative mind clay. But not so, there was a real inspiration behind it. At the same time, Byron wrote enormous amounts of Don Juan. It is true that his end is a bit sad, but it is not as if he is dead. This is the essence of Byron's life: he probably has some strong emotional ties (2: Augusta and Teresa), but every time he manages to re-invent himself really. In the sense that he was not "less" at the end of his life - no, he made a physical and mental journey was, at the time, a little people willing to do. <br /> <br /> I wonder. Why is the second period in the life of Byron often overlooked? Because he had fewer obvious conflicts, where the man finally came to his country? By focusing our attention on the frustrating and scandalous years of England, we show ourselves that we were no better than the English aristocracy of the time, despised by Byron, who, despite the fact that he had no choice but willingly * fled in 1816, to find a modern and liberal world enough to allow him to find the sound that would make him the first easy-to-speak language poet and evolve from a maniacal man to an emotional man moving forward with an issue.
