I think this exhibition can be summed up as well as anything. Batman TAS may be the worst thing ever going on for comic book-based cartoons, because everything that follows will be compared and nothing has been measured yet. It's just damn damn good. Is Batman Good Good? "Yes, but it was not TAS." Is the University of Justice good? "This is not so bad, but it is not TAS." <br /> <br /> Sure, Batman is not TAS too, but I will not oppose it. It would be unfair and besides, he has a lot of other problems with it. <br /> <br /> The concept of Batman's younger and less-skilled crime is well understood, and sometimes art is very nice. But all the time, art is worthless in America, and this betrays a lot of flaws in the presentation itself. It is paced, written, and designed like Americanime. If you want to see Jackie Chan Adventures, you watch Jackie Chan Adventures. Or I could put my head in the wall at any time and get the same effect. The Joker is a deadly clown and mentally unstable suit in which he uses his intelligence, unpredictability and smart gadgets to fight Batman. When forced to fight side by side, it either resorts to something cheap or is completely outdated. It is not meant to be a monkey with groups that know kung fu and can jump to twenty feet in the air accompanied by speed lines. If they want to do that with evil, there are other less important characters they can use or moments to create a whole new personality. Restoring is not bad, do not get me wrong. TAS (there I go again) took Mr. Freeze out of the evil B villain who owns the ice, and made it into an unforgettable and morally complex character. Of course the game was not freezing completely classic villain at the time and they upgraded, but the point. What The Batman is doing is that it takes everything you liked about Batman's comics and science and takes a big discharge and smelled it. guess what? They were eating corn. <br /> <br /> Obviously this offer can not stand against the TAS but it stands on its feet and still does not fit me. The plots are not good and they do not develop better. They wrote for demographics for children under the age of 12. Should children be able to enjoy the show? Of course they must. This should not be an offer for adults with swearing, nudity and unjustified violence. But the sign is really good show that it can be enjoyed at different levels of all ages. This display is missing that tag. <br /> <br /> Is this a TAS? No, of course not. The problem is they are not even JLU.
