Once I want to see a copy of Beowulf where the scriptwriters seem to have at least an emotional knowledge of the original poem. Again, after watching this Sci Fi show, I was disappointed. <br /> <br /> I do not suggest that writers understand and analyze the poem in ancient English, but I hope they can at least try to read a modern English translation and try to build a story based on what is actually evident. The story is exciting enough. Why add non-existing schema elements and spoil the story? What is wrong with being faithful to the text? <br /> <br /> Grindel is immune to weapons of any kind. Why make some incredible superbowl that can not be present in this time period (as correctly pointed out by the previous reviewer)? The fight was with Gryndale Beowulf versus Grindel. This is. No one was involved in the battle. The only way that could be defeated by Beowulf is to specifically choose to involve the monster without any weapons, the mistake made by all former competitors. However, in this version, the Danes and Geats fight the Beast and Beowulf breaching the arm of Grendel by the sword! Again, why could not they shoot what actually happened? Personally, I think a one-on-one wrestling match between the two will be more exciting. <br /> <br /> In general, this depiction is pathetic and misfortune does not trust the real story. Why is it added in agreement with the mother of Ruthergard and Grindel that includes a sacrifice? Why do you create additional characters, such as Finnish, do not add anything to the story? There was no love story in the poem. They were unable to set the sights at the appropriate locations (jungle rather than swamp and no hideout under the lake). They failed to note the metaphor referred to by the Grindel Aurel? It is supposed to be underground to represent hell. Why not concentrate instead on the symbolism inherent in the epic poem? Even my high school students last year were able to perform better when they created a short film based on Beowulf, focusing on the themes and symbolism behind the story. If Hollywood can create a film that focuses on these elements and is faithful to the plot, it will be a truly wonderful film.
