from where we start? anachronism? Sagittarius cross-tech with high range in about 500AD? Arrows with explosive shipments in 500AD? A Grendel monster that looks like a robocab obviously does not react with any of the weapons that are fired or swing against it? Demolition of the heart of the victim's chest without any sense of communication? Are blondes suitable for a modern fashion show with her makeup and intermittent hair? The old Danish court represented in classical Greek style? The Queen played by Marina Sertis more ferocious by the makeup artist of madness? The effects are too weak to bear this story. There are some stories that do not mind or even benefit from cheap influences, but Grendel is not one of them. <br /> <br /> What about the characters who seem to jump in their positions without motivation? The courageous and courageous prince whose house has been attacked more than once by Monster Grindel appears to be less respectful of the threat he faces from Beowulf, who was sent from far away from the land of Gates to help the desperate Danes. In this Western Western cowboy looks more like any kind of mythology. <br /> <br /> Beowulf is an ancient story of an age with almost no literary traditions, much of its feelings and mysterious drama. I think that any modern tale does not make a clever attempt to penetrate the mystery must fail. I do not like the recent "Beowulf and Grendel" that sees Grendel primarily as a human being and sees that Hrothgar and Denise are arrogant and too stupid to recognize Grenade's attacks as a well-deserved revenge, but I had to respect her revised position that Hrothgar's Danes was a group of male thugs who They never realized, even after it was over, that they had brought this nightmare to themselves, and therefore, the original story of Beowulf, as I wrote, was an antithesis of the real story. I think there is a more complicated meaning to be understood than that, but this terrible secret, "Grindel," which is linked to the Grenade attacks linked to the previous human sacrifice, does not really bring us closer to the shame of the Rutgers and the Danes. <br /> <br /> Beowulf does not have much to recommend as a traditional myth or modern fiction. I give it number 4: higher than it deserves, but I always hope to draw attention to the effort of someone who is able to tell the story intelligently. Meanwhile, the Sci-Fi film industry seems to follow NASA's policy that it is better to build many investigations that fail more than successful investigations.
