La Sanguisuga Conduce la Danza, or The Bloodsucker Leading the Dance I think is a common English title, he was appointed to Ireland in 1902, where Count Giacomo Rossi-Stuart soon called out the actress Eveline (Patricia Wibley) The role of Patricia de Rossi) and three of her fellow actors who will be out of service soon Cora (Crista Neil), Beni (Lydia Ulyzizi) and Rosalind (Marzia Damon as Katrina Chiani) are located on a small island off the coast. Initially, Evelyn is hesitant but is persuaded when the hand is agreed upon by Samuel (Leo Valeriano). As soon as he arrives, Count Marnak tells his guests that his father and grandfather had cut off their deceptive wives with a ceremonial knife, and there was a feeling of uneasiness when it turned out that Evelyn looked just like the current Count's wife who had run away a long time ... It turns out that someone wants to use the same knife to cut some heads ... <br /> <br /> This Italian production is composed and directed by Alfredo Rizzo & is a complete, complete and crap nonsense from start to finish. The first thing to start with criticism is "The Bloodsucker Leads the Dance". This title allows me to check that when I feel somewhat cheated that there is no vampire or any form of vampire at all, no one "drives" anything at all. At any time, certainly there is no dance or dance, so do not expect any of these things. What you should expect however is the small, dull and useless giallo which takes more than an hour before anyone is killed and begins to kill any kind of murder mystery, the first hour of La Sanguisuga Conduce la Danza is the least plot & intrigue Like nothing there. The best way to imagine it is to think of the most boring soft porn movies you've ever seen, then cut most of the basic pornographic material that only leaves bad actors, bad dubbing, bad dialogue, very little basic soft sex and no lesbians at all. Yes, it really is that bad. The mysterious elements are nonsense, people are doing things irrational for no apparent reason, the end is very complex "twisting" very bad like the rest of it, The Sixth Sense (1999) This is not so! <br /> <br /> Director Rosazzi is doing quite a bit, while La Sanjuezija Conoidi La Danza has a really nice look despite its clearly budgeted budget, which means that there are scenes where a "storm" rages outside Castle, but the stock footage used is black and white! So the movie moves from bright colors to black and white whenever it gets closer to the storm and back to color again! There is a very hilarious scene where a maid and her friend discuss her breasts and let her friend feel them full of compliments, this scene is so funny and so unnatural that it is priceless and easily the best moments of the movies even if the porn 70 bad will be embarrassing dialogue! There is minimal nudity and sex / lesbian scenes are very tame. Forget any blood or gore because there is nothing away from the headless head. <br /> <br /> Technically, the films were very good, but the design and design of the production period is truly impressive, although not too big in scope. Function effectively enough. The film has a great sense of color and cinema. The movie was named, so it's hard to make an opinion about the original shows but the actors are terrible and the dialogue is worse than usual. <br /> <br /> La Sanguisuga Conduce la Danza is a terrible film, it makes no sense, it has almost no story for more than an hour, and it may be the most misleading title ever, and it is really boring and boring with a stupid twisted end. As far as European horror lovers go there are so many better movies than this, so please do not waste your time, because anyone else is definitely to avoid this. Trivia Note: The exploitative film / Nazi horror (and forbidden in the UK) The Nazi experiences of SS Last Days (1977) AKA SS Hell Camp & The Beast in Heat, directed by Luigi Patzilla and has a somewhat significant role detective detective in La Sanjuesuga
