This "smart" movie was originally a Japanese film. Although I assume that the original film was so bad, it got worse when American international films penetrated the film into clips and introduced American slides to fool the audience. Now, unless your audience consists of total idiots, it becomes painfully clear that this has been done - and with a little precision or interest in the final product. The bottom line is that you have a lot of clearly Japanese scenes and then American scenes where the movie looks quite different. In addition, the American viewer is really meaningless and consists of two different groups of people in meetings that speak only about Gamera - the evil turtle! Although this monster is a firefighter, a bird and a destroyer, there is practically no power because I think the actors were only embarrassed by being present in this miserable film - especially veteran film veterans Brian Donleaf and Albert Dicker. They both seemed tired and uncomfortable with their presence there. <br /> <br /> Now, as in the case of the beast, it is not a creature like Godzilla. Seeing a giant-tailed tortoise whose head and limbs drop and start spinning in the air like a rocket is fun. On the other hand, the Krabi aircraft, the destroyed Balsa buildings and the power plant, as usual, are not surprising. In addition to the clichés of the strange Japanese monster film, which would openly annoy most non-Japanese audience members, this is "the sweet little boy who loves the beast and believes in it." Yes correct. Well, just like in GODZILLA VERSUS THE SMOG MONSTER and many other movies, this creep has got a nasty cheering on the monster. Just an idiot! Silly, extraordinary bad special effects that can be done better by the seven-year-old, bad-behaved, meaningless American clips and an awful voice dubbing sometimes make this movie miserable. Curiously, while most of them will definitely hate this movie (and this stupid child), there is a very small and noisy minority that loves these films and compares them with Bergman and Kurosawa. Do not believe them - it's a terrible movie! <br /> <br /> For your information - apparently because of his wonderful presence on stage, Gamera appeared in many other films in the 1960s, in addition to some modern incarnations. None of this central fact is that it is a turtle flying fire or that the movies are really lame.
