We are now traveling to a parallel world where the emergence of prehistoric giant monsters is part of daily routine. He is the world of Ghadzilla, Rudan, Mathera Ghidra and their kind - a strange world, and has become a stranger to the emergence of an unidentified flying turtle called Gamira. <br /> <br /> Forever Under the Harmonious Toho Studios, the second class Daye Studios were more famous in the Samurai movies than the monster films. In the mid-sixties of the last century, they decided to join the giant reptile race, and designed a series of rival monsters for the successful Godzilla in Toho. They chose Gamera wisely as their main leader - a gigantic tortoise firing from its suffocating teeth and circling in the air through fire through the holes in its shell (at one point, you see the conical paper shell knocking in the fire!). <br /> <br /> The first Gamera "Gamera The Invincible" (sold to the United States) is a virtual mirror of the first Godzilla, just 10 years later. US fighters are chasing an unmarked aircraft over the Arctic to its fiery end - the nuclear bomb on board is burning and giant Jumeirah is awoken from its ice hibernation. And the world wants to destroy Gamera once and for all, but a little Japanese boy named Kenny, who has a psychological relationship with the giant tortoise and keeps even a miniature version in the aquarium next to his bed, believes that Gamera is a nice And basically good. He is like a small Jewish child with a pinup of Hitler. "Gamera is a good turtle," pleading, then immerses, and puts on his face like someone in a POP tube. Miraculously listened to by the world leaders, thus begins Z-Plan to save the world and Gamera of total destruction. <br /> <br /> Released in 1965, Gamera achieved a surprising success. The disturbing childhood stereotype has actually worked on the children's audience in both Japan and the United States, and a two-footed miniature scene in Tokyo and the Arctic is wonderful. The most surprising thing is the length of the series: eight original Gamera movies, plus a large number of new releases. Not bad for a mutant reptile that is her only girlfriend wearing an eight-year-old milky-and if she hears "Gamera Friends of All Children" again, I'll beat Tokyo. Which seems to be an easy task in the parallel universe where the smart kids and turtles are bigger than the Seiko plate in the 1965 Turtle Festival.
