With the growing popularity of the famous Godzilla series now, as with any famous film event, there was inevitably a crowd of imitators trying to capitalize on the success of the large lizard. With Gdzilla came the dawn of increasingly popular type (Giant Monster) Kaegu. Many sought success. He gained little of it. One of the few that has not only benefited, but gained popularity is the Gamera, a giant turtle that can breathe the fire from the inside out and fly through the fire from the plugs in its armor as a means of jet propulsion. But unlike Gdzilla, Gamera was marketed as a friend of all children, then other monsters fought to save children at risk, thus becoming a popular Gamera among children. Unfortunately, it is the only mainstream audience of the original Gamera gamers. Although the new Gamera movies produced by Shusuke Kaneko are fantastic revolutionary monster films, the original series, including the original, is not something special. <br /> <br /> The first Gamera movie, titled Japan's "The Giant Monster Gamera", was clearly intended to be a Goddess, although the film was produced in the era of color films, but was filmed in black and white Why do I have to imitate the first movie Godzilla from the 1950s ... Gamera also attacks Tokyo because Godzilla attacked Tokyo in the first film I do not know much about the Japanese version, for the version I know in the American version, where the scenes were cut and new clips were included with American actors Coincidentally that happened the same with the first film Godzilla?) Now whether this adds or takes away the film, I can not say. "But Gammera the Invincib le "is in fact only a heavy one that does not exceed the length of a large tortoise by itself. <br /> <br />" Gammera the Invincible "is a film with a very regular orientation.The characters are taken from a set of science fiction standards, the story is not valid, Has no real motive to attack civilization, laughable acting, etc. The only thing that distinguishes it from the Godzilla series is the end of the film, but this also detracts because the plan that eventually stops the Gamera Rampage is completely false and ridiculous. Now the rest of the movie fits with many other entries in this genre with this description, but this monster movie is very strong. <br /> <br /> Although Shusuke Kaneko will later transform Gamera into an impressive monster with his own trilogy in the 1990s, in the original series, Gamera was not an attractive presence on the screen. It was neither scary nor sympathetic. He walks like a small child, swaying with every step, and knocks the miniature. As usual, everyone wants to destroy the Gamera except for a toddler (Yoshio Uchida, who was lazily left out of the credits even though he plays a "central" role) believing that Gamera is a beautiful turtle. <br /> <br /> Most of the films in this genre which are "Gammera the Invincible" are part of the easy targets of criticism and this film is subject to additional pressure. Even with many of the other Goodezale imitators, this Gamera is not particularly good. As far as my experience in cinema, the rest of the movies in the series are either boring or worse. Like Godzilla, Gamera was filmed in color and went on fighting monsters. Like Godzilla, will become cheaper and cheaper with each film until it is time to revive the series and make it serious again. <br /> <br /> It's strange. People are usually recommended to adhere to original assets and transfer them to new tools. But in the case of Jumeirah, my judgment is just the opposite. I strongly encourage people to watch the Trio of Gamera games produced by Shusuke Kaneko and skip the original series unless they are interested. The new films are innovative, well-made, exciting and, above all, fun. The original series is a long series of boredom.
