The last stop, the story of the film director Michael Hoffman, begins with the last months of Leo Tolstoy's life, with fog and sleep. Tolstoy (Christopher Plummer) lives with his family in a compound in Yasnaya Polyana, walks and walks and is seen by his wife and his followers to his "movement," devoted people to his thoughts on peaceful peace, vegetarianism, sexual abstinence, and communal property gathered in the forest camp not far away. His wife, Sophia (Helen Mirren) is openly fighting with the leader of his movement, Chertkov (Paul Jiamati), who claims that in his efforts to convince Tolstoy to sign his rights to the Russian people trying to steal the wealth owed to her husband imminent death. All this is noted by the new Tolstoy host, Bulgakov (James McAvoy), who is naively clinging to his love of the man and caring for his wife. <br /> <br /> Hoffman's novel, which is based on the novel by Jay Barini, often deviates from itself in a chaotic region, building a complex set of non-transparent threads and motives that ultimately do not resolve itself in any satisfactory way. The scope of the film is great, and his story must be repeated just like Tolstoy, whose beliefs were predicted in some ways by both the Bolsheviks and the beliefs of pacifists like Gandhi. Unfortunately, no, it is unlikely, as it escalates with so many confrontations that are constantly fading. The tripartite relationship between the Church and the faithful believers and the uninsured Tolstoy, for example, is often referred to. In the final section of the film, a silent priest appears in a magnificent hat, but the script does not expand on this matter after being strangely introduced into the story as an attempt to enrich it or offer some similarity to historical accuracy. There are a lot of details in the film, but not enough attention is given to most of them, and as a result, the film feels mixed up, crowded and lively but unfortunately makes no sense. <br /> <br /> In essence, love the story between Sophia and Tolstoy, and this story, puzzling and packed as it is, is the reason to watch the film. Merin and Plummer, surprisingly, are the best things in the film. Tolstoy Plummer is mysterious, confused and firm at the same time, frightening and full of joy and certainty. Mirenz Sophia is in complete panic, in a raw foam, forced to watch and is expected to be silent because her husband gives his time, property and money to the people who undoubtedly devote him, but obviously they have their own agendas. . They are a great performance, especially given the huge gap between the real importance of couple place in history and the ability of the script to support it, Sophia and Tolstoy seem to be ready for Mirren and Plummer alone, the best of the meager stuff there. Both Giammati and McAvoy, talented actors, can not do the same, and Chertkov of Giamatti seems not to be a thief or a thief (and not both at once, either) but a symbol and stop for a whole range of anxiety and frustrating historical impulses. The scope of this thing is not anything at all, it is interconnected, and it has the power of Plummer and Mirren and not others. It's interesting and beautiful, but ultimately not rewarding. 4.5 / 10
