In contrast to my fellow reviewers, I always try to find something retrieved in any film I watch. Yes, the quality of dubbing and lighting is very poor, the wooden representation and the opening sequence is very misleading with all those female vampires dripping with blood. Something should be lost in translating the word "Bloodsucker" from the Italian in the title; as if the producers were originally filming a Gothic vampire story and then changed their minds but could not abandon their dramatic opening sequence, put it on the film anyway. <br /> <br /> This 1975 film was recently released on DVD and comes with its own trailer, which in some respects is more daring than what we saw in the film! Now, probably anyone who buys this movie has already read his summary anyway and knows what to expect. In the mid-1970s, I bought it because I was attracted to Christa Nelli (often attributed to "Krista Nell"). The absence of a group of characters I find very frustrating in many Eurosleaze films of the sixties and seventies. He hoped that Imdb would show the crew of characters while one of their names was heard in the film but without a list of actors, it was very difficult to connect them to the actor concerned. I think Krista Nell played "Cora" but under this huge pattern of hair, clothes and make-up is difficult to distinguish for sure. <br /> <br /> There is often a two-dimensional picture on the part of actors in their parts and no one really stands out. Maybe something is lost in the process of dubbing. What are the positive points? Well the music was in the atmosphere and of course if you are in her pretty lesbian porn there. The exterior used were good and I would like to know where they photographed the castle on its island. It is supposed to be in the "Ireland" (North or Republic?) In 1902, so everyone costumes a mathematical piece period. Some scenes I have found unintentionally funny especially those Sex scenes !! Anyway, the rumb is enjoyable. Its value is 4/10.
