The series of exaggerated TV dramas (26 episodes, 25 minutes each) revolves around a 14-year-old boy (and two classmates) driving a giant robot to defend Japan against the gaseous organisms called angels. There is little explanation given to the angels or the reason for their recent increase in numbers, and they seem to be extinguished from nowhere for no apparent reason (why not attack all at once rather than the comfortable intervals that fit the humans you were trying to destroy?). The robot fighting scenes are trying to use a variety of obstacles, but the procedure itself has not been well executed and boring to watch. Every episode seems almost a waste of space where there is no interest. <br /> <br /> Some may be fascinated by fans who mention the (very few) symbolic references here, but that's all - the shallow lines with one line to the religious or philosophical concepts that are tossed indiscriminately. As a whole this series is incredibly boring because of the surface of the characters, who are really not more than just a crying child. Pathetic psychology, with desperate simplistic conflicts such as "I hate my father" is repeated over and over again without any progress beyond its nominal value. Not to underestimate the claim that these characters sink into this series of average wasted time for garbage to the trash that is causing anger during the last episodes with their endless actions and overwhelmed by the anxiety of my overly psychological mental (some of them make no sense at all ). <br /> <br /> I am not joking when I say that this series has become worse and worse as it progresses. I was looking at the DVD every day sitting at the living room table and saying to myself: "Damn, I'll see the next episode at some point. (Sigh) Maybe I'll be dealing with tonight too." The real kick was that the rings were only 25 minutes long, yet they somehow managed to dig into a deep well within 10 minutes. This comes from someone who will happily sit in 150 minutes of ice-speed films, so my critique of this series is really moving. <br /> <br /> I have never been saddened to see my life at all in a whole series of my life. As far as "Evangelion". I have already bought it based on all the fanatical comments on IMDb, and certainly will not allow it to collect dust after spending my hard earned money. What followed was 10 hours of pure torture. The love / hate relationship with anime turns into a hate / love relationship after this highly acclaimed disaster. <br /> <br /> "Evangelion" represents everything that does not have to be anime - huge amounts of dull, boring depression under the guise of smart cinema. The universal praise for this piece of nonsense is simply unbelievable; the ridiculous assertions by fans that this series as "one of humanity's greatest achievements" are probably the most astonishing comment I have heard on IMDb - and I have seen some dolls.
