I sometimes see some of this offer because my wife sometimes sees it. I try to enjoy it because it is a basic idea to help needy families, but there are many factors that block my way. Each loop follows the same format where many parts seem to be written in full (as they are) and the tears seem to flow. Trying to manipulate the viewer with a mixture of emotional breakdowns and sad music is a real stop for me. The fact that anyone donates something to the house, be it Sears or whatever, must connect himself to being a vine is also annoying. Perhaps the biggest problem I have with all that is that what should be huge sums of money and a small army of workers are combined to build a stunning home for one family. Now I know that this amount of money is just a drop in the bucket for Disney / ABC, but how much more can be done to people with the amount they put in one house? Instead of focusing on one family and getting them to cry all during the episode, why not help 10 families and receive light? Is life difficult enough for the average person? Why do I need to help find things I feel sad about, and why do not they show something really inspiring without being manipulated? I know that what is done to these families is good, but they are also used for classifications. You can not tell me they do not receive training sometimes to cry. I think that when I see these people moving to a home that most hardworking people in the United States can not afford to their children, that really bothers me. I can not help but think about what can really be done with a small portion of Disney money. Instead of giving each member of the family a flat screen TV or personal shower that tells you about the temperature of the water and shoots from the ceiling why not help more people to afford the cost of food, clothing, education and medical insurance? I know so that we can be entertained and have a good cry. In terms of money, I feel the same about Oprah. I do not think anyone can really imagine the amount of money they own. Yes, her new reality show has shown good things, but when she gave $ 30,000 to every lost "contestant", I'm sitting here thinking ... This is a common salary for many people ... if they're lucky. Do not get me wrong with the game shows. So I realize that Extreme Makeover Home Edition is "good," but forgive me if you see it as more self-serving than giving yourself. Is there anyone who feels similar?
