This film is not about football at all. It's about Jesus / God! It is the kind of happy holy religious leadership that you get from those idiots who are fighting for Jesus, or pumping iron for Jesus. Yes, Jesus was quite loved, I loved the sport of communication, and he certainly had a whole bunch of stupid bells. DUHHH! This film was supposed to be entitled "Hiking for Jesus" or anything like that just to let the general public know that the real purpose of the film is to turn people into Christianity and ignore those whose brains were already completely washed into the blood of the lamb. It is explained that the title is derived from the Bible when the Master Trainer reads his book and asks Jesus for help. The last mathematical film "Invincible" was 100 times more inspiring than it was, and Jesus was not even a factor. It was just the desire and determination of an individual who has a dream. <br /> <br /> In the end, any wide attraction is lost as an inspirational sports film in the midst of all the sacred scriptures and holy religious propaganda. One has the impression that the only message is the only way you can succeed and make a positive profit if you accept Jesus as your personal Savior. But this is simply not true, so it is a lie committed by those who believe it is real and want everyone to believe it. The image of the winning player who thanks Jesus when he wins comes directly to mind. What to do when losing? Is Jesus cursed? of course not! When Jesus loses it is not responsible. Jesus is only responsible when he wins. Logic goes on and on and runs and ends exactly where the true believer needs to be every time !! I had to stop temporarily when the scene of a new coach appeared, so I could stop turning on the floor laughing my ass and catching my breath. Materialism is not what Jesus taught him. I find it strange that most of the so-called "Christians" seem to either forget or ignore this message from their "savior", especially when I see the fish of Jesus on the back of a huge SUV that consumes large amounts of gas and passes through me as I stand. <br /> <br /> Another message that this film refers to is that Jesus seems to care about the record of loss to his middle school football team about the millions of starving children in the world. The last scene where Kicker is holding an insecure and uncertain goal on the pitch is 51 yards away and is seen as an incredibly amazing miracle that puts me in a final lapse with the religious red flag on the spoon on this turkey. I gave it three stars only because the person who played the black coach could do it.
