I was insulted and ridiculed by my Christian colleagues for my disappointment with this film. "I can not believe you did not like it! The Christians made it perfectly!" "Everyone donated their time and no one paid the price of the film, the church made it, not Hollywood, we have to spend our money on films like this, they used only $ 100,000 to make the film." "This is done by a real church and a Christian school in Georgia! A preacher has written and guided him." So, it seems, the reason why I like this film is simply because of the way it made and the minimum funds used in its manufacture and made by Christians. That's all we need to love the movie. <br /> <br /> Look, I've got the movie without knowing anything about the background of the movie. I had not heard of it before and I had no idea - except football - about the subject. I watched him like I watched any other film and I was disappointed. I was disappointed with the poor editing and lame error. I was very disappointed with the decision after the peak. Do not worry there were other cheap movies and other films that were made significantly and that I received less respect from me. It's not about making a movie. It is the final product. <br /> <br /> The writer acknowledges that God does not say "yes" to everything we pray for in the way we want, but he wants to manifest through faith, God changes our lives. That's true. However, God can change our lives and we are still sinners. God can change our lives and we do not get a profit from our job. God can change our lives and our car is still old. God can change our lives and our house is still stinky. Why was not that portrayed in the film? Others expressed concern for the writer / director on this issue, but apparently, it was defensive. <br /> <br /> I did not think the representation was terrible nor did many of the landscape footage. I love the idea of ​​going to God and recognizing His great power and weakness. <br /> <br /> Writing and direction were very poor. This is easy to distinguish because many characters do not have any evolution. All we really get from the coach's wife is that she is not pregnant (well, until the end of the film). It seems as if there was only a ball player who had the ability to have an interesting personality and was cut to "I have a paralyzing father and I can not play football well, but I will achieve the winning field goal even though I have never done a real field goal before "Another problem is the Christian school itself. Um, I worked in two Christian schools, went to one myself, and had many daughters and sisters of other Christian schools. All in all, I've had some close links with about ten different connections. None of the problems I've seen in all these schools have been addressed. I saw this quite surreal in the film about their school and wished they had shown the human factor. It was good to see a dose of reality and how God could work. <br /> <br /> I will conclude by saying that every work - written, written or musical - involves the artist in seeing the world. The global vision presented to me in this film consists of "people who arrive in the right way to win ball games, get new cars, imagine when they can not, get a profit, and repair their house - all within a short span of time." I know. I should love the film simply because of the dedication of the people who made it. I think I should love the film because it was well executed and for any other reason.
