I saw this film in a youth group, where my youthful leader and his wife stole him. Then some of the adult couple at the church-related Christmas party misled a copy of this film to every present family, and now my house is besieged with the film (although fortunately still in its cover). I cried bitter tears at these sad events, and here's why: First: This film has good intentions, especially if you are a Christian like me. This film tries to show that you must put your faith in God and that it will make your life better. Not so bad, right? Verse. Turns out to be a problem - a big problem. This film was made by the church, so of course every issue should be treated as tastefully for Christians as possible. All in black and white, there are no gray areas. God's grace and will in this film is something predictable, and it comes immediately to all who are bidding. <br /> <br /> This is not God I know. This is not the Christian life that I am familiar with. The God I believe in is a strong and trustworthy God, but He is not God giving all my wishes. I follow it as best I can, although the march is often difficult; however, the football team in this film finds humility and self-control much easier than anyone who should ever find it. I can not recognize cardboard cutters who turn from bad side to good side during a few scenes of organized films. When I follow his commandments as prescribed in the Bible, I certainly do not find myself immersed in the pond as these characters do. My biggest rewards are knowing that I did the right thing; everything else comes with a long, messy, hard work. <br /> <br /> But take an example of this film, where Grant Taylor trains the football team at Shiloh Christian School, which has experienced six consecutive losing seasons. He may lose his job more, and he and his wife suffer from lack of money as it is. They want a child, but the doctor told him he was sterilized. Oh, and his car is not working. The boys in his football team do not respect their parents, they complain after their loss of one million, and bad in kicking field goals. There is certainly one society that is devastated here. <br /> <br /> But hey, Grant Taylor decides he'll trust God for everything! And passes his faith to his team. So far, so good. Not for a long time. When they start to obey, they are literally blessed. Suddenly the students stopped not to respect their parents; school has a great "revival". The team starts to win each game; they even win the major championship against the toughest team in the league! The instructor gets a reassuring job; the school gets him on a shiny new truck as a gift (which, by the way, is an example for the lazy employers in fair weather); gets a lift; his wife (get this) until you get pregnant from sterile sperm! This slim child is able to kick his first goal in the field of darn when it really matters !! Wowzers, woot, yay, praise the Lord, etc., etc. !!! ... <br /> <br /> Yipe. Just yes. No one in my Church of Christ has ever experienced a dehydrated manner. Yes, there have been many miracles in my family, as well as the talents and comforts of the creature, the most appropriate to God's grace and love. But God does not have some tap faucet you run and stop it being good or bad! It's pretty much a puzzle. His goals come unexpectedly, often when you think you do not need them but you really do. It's a long and difficult road to fulfilling, and things never appear the way I thought they would. <br /> <br /> This movie has good intentions. But due to its shallow top and total escape, it flows heavily to 1/10. It seems that bad film cliches and mathematical representation are just blisters alongside the lecherous lies that this film inadvertently drives. <br /> <br /> To all the churches that plan to make a future film: Do not be afraid to show REAL life, so you have to add some uncomfortable facts in the mix. Although so much candy is surprised by cotton candy, no one learned much of it. Give us meat, bones and real stuff! Real life applies to everyone, not only to Christians, and this one side has been unable to "confront the Giants" of his awareness.
