It happens to me that some of the films that were banned during the history of cinema were in fact very important and very good films. I would argue that instead of banning difficult and controversial films, censors should think of banning movies that are so bad that they pose a threat to your intelligence and mind. If they do, one of the first films that will be quickly hidden away will undoubtedly be "Stroker Ace". This movie is terrible with A capital. It's the worst film by Bert Reynolds in the title role .... It's a great achievement for a man with "Cannonball Run II", "Cop And A Half" and "Rent-A-Cop" on his autobiography! <br /> <br /> We learned the story of the wafer on the successful motorist Stroker Ace (Reynolds), a man who loves fast cars and fast women. He is stuck in a humiliating contract with the sluggish lawns Clyde Turkel (Ned Betty). The contract requires him to do some humiliating promotional work on a new chain of fast-food restaurants, such as wearing chicken as a giant. The mix is ​​tossed through Lugs (Jim Nabors), friend of the faint Ace, and Pembrook Feeney (Loni Anderson), Bembo with a slightly smaller brain of the peas that Ace attracts. <br /> <br /> Hal Nidham, the manager of this low-grade trash, was previously a modern man and made many films based on his experience in organizing great stunts and car chases. Some of these films were fine, such as "Hooper" and "Stunts Unlimited", but with "Stroker Ace", he reached a professional club. The characters are so stupid that you feel pity for the actors they play with. Anderson is especially burdened with the stupid role that makes you grind your teeth in despair. Humor is weak and childish all the time, erotic games and race sequences are not noticeable. Even external applications during the final appropriations (which can be found in all Reynolds-Needham cooperatives) are generally unknown, giving the impression that the film may not have been much fun. "Ace Stroker" is a stinky big size.
