Scarecrows is one of those films that was more representative, slightly more oriented, and more storytelling, quite convincing as an introduction to horror. It is in its current state, still a creeping film with a strong composition and strong influences, and a hypothesis that supports the mood of terrorism despite itself. Hey, there are no teenagers being killed one by one - just adults, this is a refreshing change of pace. The striking line of the plot is like "dead birds", with an accelerated theft, and an abandoned nervous house in the middle of nowhere, demon monsters. But like dead birds, the adults are still fearless. They run ignorant before slaughtering one by one, ignoring the obvious danger. <br /> <br /> In the horror of the scandals, though, we never discover the supernatural why, and this maintains an atmosphere of creeping. Like clowns, the scarecrows can be very scary; unless they look like Ray Bolger, of course. Escape on a hijacked plane with a pilot and his daughter, after stealing millions of nets, a paramilitary bunch was found by one of them. A very nervous man named Bert. He jumps out of the plane with the big, heavy box that holds money without any plans as to how to move it once it is on the ground. Being the dumbest bunch, is the first kill. But not before Fowler's creation, which lies in a dense middle amid a lot of scarecrows, looks really creepy, surrounded by a wooden fence surrounded by barbed wire and a lot of warnings to get away. It was also supposed to be a strange fern on the surface, with a paddle and pterodactyl, also a warning sign. Inside the house also foreshadows (for us in the audience, anyway). <br /> <br /> Annoyingly, we have to listen to Bert's thoughts with a stuck voice as he walks around mysteriously through the key to the worn truck in the yard. The way the key comes out will be enough to lift my pants - with me - on the door. Maybe I'm just, but I really enjoy watching the lips of people moving on the screen, even when they think out loud. It helps to intensify the movement, and gives the actor more than just looking at what the voice says. Burt lifts the box on the truck and makes it run away. Of course, why not? Dump trucks always have a lot of gas in them, especially with today's prices, the battery? there is no problem. Now, I mentioned that Bert was the dumbest bunch, which is why (in addition to the above, of course). He wears night vision goggles to wander around the foliage and find the house, and take it to drive the truck away, instead, it lights on the headlights to see where it goes. Of course, the fraudsters in the plane still see the headlights of his truck and know where he is headed. brilliant. He deserves death. definitely. I'm not sure why he needs night vision goggles in the first place, where every scene shines brightly, from inside the plane, even the night scene outside the house, and the house. The cinematographer was either a. Myopia, b. Just outside the school, or c. Dealing with screen sieves is really cheap. <br /> <br /> Bert meets his death when the truck dies in the middle of nowhere. Go and conclude. One very nice touch, I must admit, there are a few in the film, that when the lid of the truck opens, there is no engine. Scary, to be sure (and insert the suspension pants back here). The logic of the story fails when the dead, stuffed now, like flattened with money and straw, failed to come home. The rest of the group, there chilling him, then realize that he had already died, and was stuffed and stuffed like a flattened with money and straw. Dead Burt managed to fight a full fight, grab an oral colleague, and push him through a window, causing him to bite more than he could chew in a scary scene. At this point, you think they will race outside the house and go back to the plane - but noooo, they decided to stay and look for the rest of the money. In fact, the whole Bert is a dead incident treated somewhat despite the fact of the matter, although the bright bulb in the group argued, "Bert was walking around dead, for the cherries!" <br /> <br /> Stolen money suddenly appears on the ground outside the house, and crooks go gently to the bait. Soon, one of them sent another, Jack, and again the scene was good and awful, including a dull hand and no anesthesia. Now there are three revolutions revolving around chaos, and one of them needs a hand, literally. <br /> <br /> When a scammers see a scarecrow and Jack gets a scapegoat, he begins to scream, escapes like hell, and shoots his gun in paramilitary fashion. So much for this training under crap pressure. He meets the others and stops in his tracks to explain why he screams, escapes like hell, and shoots his gun, although the scarecrows seem to haunt him. Once again, this logical thing for the dead and recited script ... Jack returns home, chasing the usual results. If you listen to the devilish roar of Jack, by the way, you may notice, according to your age, that it is the same roar of monsters that is often heard in Lost In Space TV episodes. <br /> <br /> The Last Two of the survivors are racing back to the plane, barely escaping. But are they? You'll have to see the movie to find out.
