Silly fluff, that doubles the error by trying to make sense. Joan, this time as a member of Congress, Agatha Reid, chair of a commission dedicated to "investigating the rising cost of food." "I was going to fight long enough for the family to leave once a year, watch a movie every week and sometimes feed peanuts to Phil," says Rep. Reid. They are all works, but they become more animated when she gets an honorary degree from Good Hope College, where she was expelled for the crime of staying out all night (parallel to Joan's real life unambiguous here, as in all walks of film). Degree caused a lot of horror on the campus ("This would make it the most broad-minded institution in the history of education!") ?? But Joan is unaware of this when she arrives. The president of the college, Jim Merrill, played by Robert Young, perfectly, happens to be the former teacher of Joan ?? And beloved. With * his * spent the night abroad, all those years ago, but Joan felt it was better to just disappear instead of trying to explain to the skeptical college that they were about to get married. Of course, this high-level event will be covered by Life * magazine? Who turns the photographer? Another old Joan lovers? I have dealt with this in China during the "war" and believe that Joan may be heading towards her old riot. Eve Arden, playing the role of Joan's assistant, "Woody", in her slaughter and the most intelligent in this film? With her unnecessary notes that will make you separate her from her job, if you do not like her very much. But you do not like Eve in this matter, as in all her roles, you love her. It's very boring and meaningless, and she wants to pay her just to hang around and be a boy. When Joan cries when she arrives at her mother, Eve tells her that she "looks fierce". But Joan says others may only see a range of buildings, she, Joan, see young people ?? At the age of eighteen, "eager, predictable, a little scared, wondering" What is life? what am I? "But, of course, if we really get deep about Joan at 18, the truth may be a bit different. <br /> <br /> To me, this is the main problem in watching any Joan movie. You can call her characters whatever you want, but always have all Joan, all the time. So, since what we always see is that Joan becomes herself, it is easy to dispense with the names of the characters. Is it confusing when Joan tries to tell us something wrong, like describing herself at the age of 18? When we learn that at the age of 18, Joan has already been around the block several times. Many men had described her as anxious, and as far as she had expected, she had already performed many abortions at this stage. But this is a personal problem, I go on, but I just wanted to explain why I say things like "?? Then Joanne does?" One or the other, or "we see Joan as ..." when we do not literally see a home movie. <br /> <br /> There is an unintended hilarious moment in which Joan gives the Clara Bo doll she left behind in college? The quick calculation tells us that Joan and Clara were contemporaries and this is a transparent trick that makes us think Joan is much smaller than it actually looks. It's a failure. What also fails is to try in the early 50s the correct political. In the story, Joan wrote a book on freedom of expression and produced a film (no, not about the plumber), which draws the attention of a university student in the early 1950s, Dr. Pitt, who will call his views, which is strikingly similar to Joan. This is where the film mysteriously becomes a moral story, certainly weak, but perhaps the only thing that prevents it from slipping into oblivion.
