This movie was very bad and I do not know whether I'm laughing or crying. I had great hopes in Horrorfest that year, which was the first year I attended the Horrorfest Festival, and I must say that Horrorfest and all of his films carry false advertisements to a whole new level. I pay tribute to advertisers because I'm sure they tricked a lot of people to spend money and watch those movies that year. The Hamilton team was the worst among those I've seen easily (and the other I've seen were unrest, dark riding, and reincarnation). Making the film's cover and trailer seem like a family of cannibals terrifying the neighborhood which I thought was a rather interesting plot, I was finally disappointed with the discovery that it was the story of "Age of Mature" about the boy's transition to being a horror. That is why the drama prevails over any feeling of horror in this film. To make the plot more absurd, they add a group of corneal twins who can not wait to take a "bite" from each other, and some deadly creatures are locked in the basement, if you've discovered what it is. "If the secret was not revealed at the end of the film, You could have left the theater in the middle of the movie. <br /> <br /> Complete the money and money.Take forty minutes of this movie and make it a loop in a show like Smallville or Charmed or Supernatural and it would get more praise than this. Too after two years, I have to go back to IMDb and write a review on this subject because it still stands out in my memory of KWA As you read this, you will be guided from the rest of the Horrorfest movies in the future, and most of what you can do is rent from Blockbusters or watch them online somewhere. Horrorfest features films from independent filmmakers who can not "They did not refer to blood, courage, or terror ... They were referring to the films themselves. Because they are ugly. Think of Horrorfest as a less famous version of the Sundance Film Festival, but for horror films. <br /> <br /> Sorry for all the "hate", but next time think twice before cheating customers.
