The Hamiltons story tells the story of four brothers from Hamilton, the teenager Francis (Corey Knauf), the twins Wendell (Joseph McKelher), Darlene (Mackenzie Fergus) and the older David (Samuel) who is now the responsible parent. Hamilton's house moves a lot, Francis is not sure why he is dissatisfied with things. The fact that his brother and sister are kidnapped, imprisoned and killed in the basement does not help to relax or calm Francis's nerves either. Francis knows that something is not true, and when he finally discovers that things will never be the same. <br /> <br /> Co-written, produced and directed by Mitchell Alteri and Phil Flores told us that The Butcher Brothers The only other film director so far is "April Fool's Day" (2008), as one of the films "To Die for" in 2006 after Dark Horrorfest (or anything called it) and in line with everything I saw to a large extent I thought that I found that the character was really bad, very unpopular, and the story of the slow motion failed to catch my imagination or keep my interest for 85 minutes and Half a period of 86 minutes.There is a wonderful development in the end that made me laugh out loud, there is a large sustainable combination of what is inside a closet in Hamilton, and finally revealed that he was a little boy with a doll. It's never really clear where Hamilton gets all their money to buy new homes. Because none of them seem to be working (except David in the slaughterhouse I doubt that this pays much) or not The arrested have not been before now. The text attempts to mingle every day with a drama of intense horror, and it performs a terrible task in bringing together the two to the extent that neither side is forgotten or effective. Very bad film I have to say something good about it. <br /> <br /> Although written and directed by Butcher Brothers, there is not much blood here, there is little blood spray and few scenes of girls chained in a cellar but nothing you can not do at home with a bottle Of tomato sauce and a video camera. The film is not scary; because it has middle-class suburbs, there is no atmosphere or mood. There is a lesbian kiss that suggests incest, but the Hamiltons are low on the scale of exploitation, and there is not much here to rally terror. <br /> <br /> Filmed in Petaluma, California, with a modern, low budget look, not badly presented but memorable. Representation by an actor (unknown) is not something to write on the home page about and I can not say I ever felt anything for anyone. Who never recovers. Add to that a very fine story, without Gore, the end of the garbage and a personality that does not give it to your personality and you have a film that never amazes me.
