Think of this pilot as "Hawaii Five-O Lite". Set in Hawaii, a drama of adventure / adventure crimes, many scenes are characterized by boats, palm trees, polyester fabrics and glowing shirts ... She even plays a leading role in the actor's role. Oh, there are some minor differences - Roy Thinnes is supposed to be an agent for the front lines of the front lines, and the supporting layer is much smaller (and less interesting), but the atmosphere is still the same. The problem is that "Hawaii Five-O" (another quality management product) already existed at the time and has been going on for years. The market demand on the crime scene in Hawaii has been adequately filled. Code Name: Diamond Head may be meant to be H50 to H50 where the old chain eventually disappears ... but it appears as a duplicate of the second. Do not suck, but they are completely derived and do nothing like the original. <br /> <br /> There are some decent acting talents involved here. Thinnes is an old supporter, and he gives his best role, which is not bad. But Thinnes is just as good as his article and director. Ian McShane is here as an evil spy called Tri, and he tends to be the most exciting actor in any scene. But he talks about his role here. Frances Ngyuen looks reasonably strange, but her stunning skin, dark features, thick accent, and wooden delivery are not the things that make dreams come true. Perhaps relying on it to provide "romantic attention" to Thinnes is the biggest mistake in the serial. At least for a series aimed at white audiences I grew up with Marsha Brady and Peggy Lee as our love goddesses. Give her another 30 pounds and a year with a dialogue / voice trainer, and you may cut her off. Zulu, well, enjoys self-pleasure in simple parts, but it is not a person who can carry an advantage alone. <br /> <br /> In addition, the plot and the dialogue are accurate through the numbers, with nothing different from any other production of Queen Martin. By this point, the American television audience had seen many QM whoooole products ... I think "CN: DH" was very much one, and it sank without trace. That was not really the representatives' fault, and I hope they have moved away from this through a decent paycheck and another entry on their profile. <br /> <br /> The MST3000 revived this for their sixth season, and they had a lot of fun. If you enjoy the MST approach to making movies and cutlery, you should look into this version, but I can not imagine anyone interested in this pilot for any other reason.
