As others have said, this film is similar to FLY (both editions) and the science fiction flick known as ALTERED STIST. The big difference is that these two films have done well by people who know what they were doing and were good at it. METAMORPHOSIS does not have these advantages. METAMORPHOSIS is a possible science fiction story that may be interesting, where the culprits are sinful and the wrong actors play roles. <br /> <br /> The story follows the world of Dr. Peter Housman (Jane LeBrook), a man obsessed with a genetic cure for aging and death. When his university threatens to cut funding, he decides to inject the anti-aging serum into himself. As a result, Dr Houseman spends the rest of the film slowly turning into an orchid. And yes, watching a good doctor as he goes through the process of becoming a lizard is a great joy. It's really so bad that it's a good thing. Some classic lines: "What was that?" "Nightmare ... from the past!" <br /> <br /> Many of the reviews I have read to this point indicate the stupidity and stupidity of the last five minutes of this film. I'll go ahead and spoil it: a good doctor moves from being a half-uneducated, semi-charming man to what seems to be a man wearing a Godzilla costume when the police finally shoot him. In the final scene, some of the loathsome children see a small mountain that claims it will never die. The film's protagonist Sally Donnelly (Catherine Baranov) decides that the small orchid is Dr. Haussmann's last incarnation. Then the camera gives us a close-up of the orchid face; that is, I think, the director's way of showing that the lizard is evil. Yes, he's clumsy, but I laughed so I can not complain. <br /> <br /> I watched this movie because it was part of the Chilling Classics 50 Movie Megapack I bought. I'm sure many of those who read this have done exactly the same thing, because 50 Pack is the only way to watch this movie on DVD. If you have purchased a recently packaged group and have not seen this movie yet, it is really worth your time, even if you have ruined the end for you. It may also be possible to find this movie online for free.
