"Transformation" carries little value in worship, simply because it is written and directed by George Eastman. These Italian plotters are, to a certain extent, the embodiment of male corruption and play a major role in all the rotten Joe Damato's production in the late 1970s / early 1980s. Would not it be interesting for European-thirsty European buyers to have the only movie directed by the man who toured Erotic Nights of Living Dead all the time? I think so! Now, unlike the films he starred, Eastman's "Transformation" is a kind of frustration in the sections of injustice and corruption. There are a few bad killings, the effects of the cheese monster, bare bodies (guest appearance by the queen Laura Gemeser corrupt!), But it is basically a talkative film. Dr. Waseem Maan Baligh is about to make scientific progress in his search for the symbols of human DNA when suddenly the university where he works threatens to cancel his money. He has developed a theory to decode genes and block human aging, but if he does not come up with detailed reports any time soon, his research will be stopped. So Dr. Hausmann does what a clever scientist does and injects the untested serum into his veins. Needless to say (as the title suggests), slowly turning into a killer monster progresses much faster indeed! In other words, sucked his research! Like other reviewers already mentioned, this film "borrowed" a lot of ideas from "The Fly" by David Cronenberg? The erotic sub-plot included erotic - but does not add any originality of its own. The big difference is that you always feel associated with the character of Jeff Goldblum in "The Fly", while Dr. Houseman becomes just another monster that must be destroyed as soon as possible. The aspect of rapid aging syndrome also reminded me of the phantom "fictional giallo" presented by Rogerio Diudato, the only protagonist in the film that inherited the disease and did not infect it himself. The physical degradation of carriers is very similar in both films, though. Little fear or excitement to discover it here, instead, the film is characterized by a lot of bad behavior, poor lighting, poor editing, to its peak that has been completely delayed to run. Feel free to skip this one.
