If you are having a bad day or a bad week. If you are looking for a movie that makes you laugh and forget your problems. I do not think "role model" is the film for you. <br /> <br /> The film focuses on Danny (Paul Rudd) and Wheeler (Sean William Scott) two juice promoters, who go to school to promote the product, tell children to stay away from drugs, and more juice. But Danny has the worst week of all, and his company's car hangs, with Wheeler in the seat next to him. His girlfriend, who is close to her former girlfriend Beth (Elizabeth Banks), a lawyer, has been able to avoid getting jail terms by spending hours of community service and volunteering at the place of a brother named Sturdy Wings, led by Gael (Jane Lynch). Wheeler is set on Ronnie (Bobb'e J Thompson), 10 years old, with a bad mouth like Chris Rock. Danny is appointed to Augie (McLovins, Christopher Mintz-Plasse) who likes to wear knighthood, and fights as it is in the Middle Ages. But would this be useful to Danny and Wheeler, or would he be better off in prison? <br /> <br /> Well, I will not be able to overcome the bush. In many ways, this film has been unpleasant. Rooney's character, hearing those bad words that came out of a small child, was very shocking. If he is a little older, he will not have something like this. I mean what his parents think, when they sign it. The personality of Elizabeth Banks is not palatable, I should have felt bad about her personality, but I did not feel anything, because she is portrayed in an unexpectedly disturbing way as a female will play in these kinds of comedy. And Jin Lynch, worst of all. It offers the most exaggerated performance ever. He played a former drug addict, who behaves like he is still on drugs. Listening to it gives all this annoying dialogue, made me want to throw my head on the wall. Shawn William Scott once again plays another character like Steeple, he must really try to separate himself, and this movie will not do it. The more Scott tries to be funny, the more he stops being funny. <br /> <br /> Now, on the other hand, Paul Rod, we will separate from others in the film, because he manages to deliver a strong performance, although he does not laugh more, but he is the most interesting personal of the rest. The reason Rod does not overdo it, does not try hard. The viewer and Mintz-Plasse are viewable. But the rest of the film is too stupid, it picks up at times. But it becomes predictable and uninterested. It's a reminder that these types of comedy do not try anything new, but there's the same thing, they do not take any chances. Role models are an example.
