(Only minor spoilers except as mentioned). <br /> <br /> I've enjoyed Spanish cinema lately; both the actual Spanish cinema of people like Almodovar and the cinema of Latin American directors such as Del Toro, whose brilliant "Demon Spine" Best horror movie in the last decade. Not surprisingly, this film is well made, well behaved, and can preserve this completely different Spanish atmosphere. But it is also a very bad and useless film, and one can not hope not to have to watch it. <br /> <br /> What is the purpose of all this? We have no real idea of ​​why the scary central character was to initiate the murder spree, despite the fact that large amounts of voice commentary are drawn directly from his own narcissistic magazine. In a routinely unpleasant series, identified more than a decade ago, we see the central character kill his girlfriend in a state of jealousy and power to control ("If I can not, no one can?"). Strangely enough, this may be one of the best serials in the film, but it has nothing to do with the aftermath of the killing, which seems to be quite different in both motivation and execution. What happened to him in prison to make this change? We have no idea, though we later discovered, as a kind of irrational thought, that he received a degree in law during his imprisonment. <br /> <br /> In Britain, in many "serial killer" or "sex" fatal cases, the terrible question arises. What about the wife? Do you know, or doubt what was happening? This is a question that can be posed by this film, and indeed the wife began to emerge as one of the most interesting characters. But naturally, the answer to the question is clear: "No, you have not." Even when such a dramatic opportunity is presented on a plate, the film is still able to recognize it. All we've already got, which was finally drawn up in the end, is its immoral little willingness to take advantage of the proceeds after the event. Compare this with the terrible moment at Ten Rillington Place, where Christie's wife says, "You know what I mean?" Thus sealing its fate and allowing us a shocking glimpse into unimaginable shocks of suppressed knowledge and oppression. <br /> <br /> (the main spoiler in this paragraph). In the meantime, we are supposed to believe that the murderer himself is the criminal mastermind who overtook the police in a comprehensive manner, thus securing a shorter prison sentence in a psychiatric hospital before his release so that he could be killed again. How exactly did this happen? The plot becomes very superficial at this stage. Something about deliberately leaving some evidence to the police; but how it all works, why, or how the case actually goes on is still a mystery. <br /> <br /> I actually do not think armed killers are like this. Silence may be lambs of comic book material, but ?? Lecturer aside ?? It gets the serial killers correct. Not very clever, they are suffering from deep dysfunction, inappropriate people; not the fascinating magician mastermind presented here (closely linked to the deadly killer of the film The Last Horror, or even Man Bites Dog, although he seems not to notice that Was spelling). <br /> <br /> This movie has a little thrill, and a little irony of plot intrigues that may have been generated. There is nothing useful to say about the motives of serial killers, either in general or in the specific cultural environment in Spain. This is nothing more than a poorly planned excuse to show some hate violence to women. Strangely, what makes this violence more disgusting is a certain neurological failure, even in the way it is presented. The soft basic character of what actually appears just makes it seem more repulsive. Just one shot, timed correctly, would have become more shocking without limit, and made all the rest unnecessary at all, allowing more time for the film to fill gaps in the plot and characterization. Instead, we get countless shots of young women diffusing poorly on a table in their beautiful underclothes that reveal a little. Very, very creepy. I'm sorry to be rude; I love horror movies, and I can tolerate even the most extreme, to the point of concern from my partner. But I think anyone finds this film good or interesting, so I find myself looking at it. The purpose of the horror film is to scare you; this is just sedition. <br /> <br /> It leaves a very bad taste in the mouth already. I have to give this movie more than a star just because it was executed efficiently, but it is morally worthless and it should never be.
