In the Mojave Desert with Jim (Harry Hamlin) and Patty Henley (Susan Day) as well as two children Katie (Basia Ahern) and Matt (Jeremy Lilliot) with Ethan (Jimmy Croft) a friend of the family while traveling, Old deserted mining on the map is called Weaver. No one claims to have heard of this, but it is definitely there, and the family decides to take a path to check it out and pick up some pictures. Once they arrive in the town they take some pictures and look around, but when the time comes to leave their car, they will not have to spend the night there. As they search around, they find a videotape of the video camera playing only to discover footage of a frightened woman who says all her friends have disappeared. The next morning their car disappears, where things take a very nasty turn. What is the secret of Weaver? Will Henley ever leave there alive? <br /> <br /> Written and executive director produced and directed by Walter Klenhard. I must say that the disappearance is one of the most depressing films I have ever seen. During the first 85 minutes, it was a very mysterious mix of thriller and horror movies, but then we dealt with one of the worst individual ends in the history of animation. The text refers to many different things, but never explained or confirmed, and I was already sitting fascinated by what was happening, the disappearance of the mystery that dominates the cars, the last four graves, the thing in the abandoned mines, the miraculous sandstorm, and the sudden & unexplained Ethan's disappearance The unwarranted phenomenon, the wicked evil motives, the crazy compass in the car, the wrecked plane, the townspeople who deny the presence of Weaver, and the possible side effects of a neutron bomb fall near Weaver in the 1940s but are all thrown out of the window. Random Happenings completely separate. Everything was coming well and was prepared for great inspiration, but nothing was coming. Instead, I dealt with the most frustrating, strange, surreal, and expressive ending. If there is nothing else, the end contrasts with much of what has happened before and leaves the viewer with more questions than answers. It seems as though the makers of these great ideas did not yet know what to do with them and come to an end. I felt I made a lot of effort in watching the movie which can be very slow sometimes without any kind of bonus, and in fact I felt the end like a kick in the teeth or a good salute to the two fingers! <br /> <br /> Director Klinhard is doing a good job here, as the old ghost town has a certain ambience, and the vast desert sites give a good place for isolation. It's made well but what were they thinking about with this finish? Nothing is appropriate, nothing is logical, it's just a big frustrating mess, after sitting for about an hour and a half makes you feel confused and wanting to know more. Although it is a horror film, there is no blood or gore, although there are a moment or two of the frightening moments here and there. The film actually mentions The Hills Have Eyes (2006) in large parts as this film was set to be before a strange ending that does not lead to anything to close the film. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is good with high production values, good special effects, collections, locations and cinematography. Set in America but filmed in South Australia. Good representation of reputable actors. <br /> <br /> Disappearance is a really strange film, for a long time formed to be a great film and a great sensation, but it never explains anything that happens and really surreal ends up just asking more questions than answers. I really can not see anyone making a head or a trail of this, I really can not do it.
