The disappearance is about a couple taking their family on holiday in New Mexico and finding themselves in deep trouble after taking a long way off the main highway to visit a city abandoned in 1948 for unknown reasons. The Weaver city seemed harmless at first and had a tourist attraction to be stranded in the family there at night and began to have good reasons to suspect that others had suffered the same predicament with deadly consequences. The Henleys watches a video diary for Blair-a witch-project-talk left by the city's last victim, which shows the best performance irony for anyone in this film. Although the performance of Hamlin and Dai is much better than the subsidized performances, it seems that their emotional impact is "flat" for me throughout the film. <br /> <br /> Disappearance disappears for most of the film where there is a lot of suspense and good direction. However, the plot takes unexpected and unreasonable turns that seem to be meaningless. Worse, there is really no understanding of exactly what is happening in the film, which makes the strangeness in the end less likely. It seems to me that filmmakers were very focused on producing a range of suspicious scenes, so they threw all the elements of the good story industry: developing the plot, gradually explaining the themes and symbols that lead to a coherent solution / result. <br /> <br /> The most difficult aspect of the film for me was that the first three quarters of it were spent on increasing tension and curiosity about some aspects of the plot that were suddenly thrown out as if we were not worth explaining: /> What is the importance of Indian symbols on the walls? What happened to the original Weaver people? What is the relationship with people at dinner? What did Sharif know? What did the missing boy discover if there was anything? <br /> <br /> This was, I think, a bad move, since it aroused some resentment. I've invested a tremendous amount of mental power in making some reasonable interpretations of some of these strange roles and events, just to make filmmakers finish it without answering any of these things. These are some nice cliffhangers to finish the miniseries that are about to pick up again next week, but the end is frustrating and indecent for a standalone movie.
