This production has not really separated me. The plot is broken so that it is disjointed and the production is so short that unless you read the novel or see a better adaptation (like 1995 with Amanda Root) you will get a little lost because there is no time to develop your character. <br /> <br /> Sally Hawkins liked Anne's role, but the rest of the actors were too short. Mrs. Croft was very old, as was Anne's older sister Elizabeth. Mary has said everything in the throbbing dialects that have lost the general and selfish discussion of her character. Mary Sophie Thompson was much better, her selfishness and sense of abuse so well entrenched that Wentworth suggests Anne should remain with the wounded bodies of Louisa and Mary, and, as Louisa's sister should be, instead imagine someone less suited to do so. In this version, it may remain so because it is not sufficiently differentiated from anyone else in production. <br /> <br /> It is good to look at Robert Benry Jones, but he made St. John's Rivers much better (1995 Jean Eyre), perhaps because that character requires a less implicit depth of feeling. I agree with the comments I made earlier about the concert scene: it seemed like he was trying to get rid of Ann more than she preferred. Similarly, the scene of the incident: it happens very quickly and in a very small context, you wonder why all this uproar. The transfer of speech that Wentworth hears in the novel to the beginning of this production is a wrong step that contributes only to the disjointed nature of the text. <br /> <br /> My other problem with this version was lighting. Sometimes, everything looked like a scene from a CSI morgue - very blue. At other times, the lighting was very poor, and it was very difficult to take the scene very well, as happened when Anne visited her old friend, Mrs. Smith (who, by the way, was supposed to be somewhat paralyzed. Terrible, this was a violation that I did not think about for a minute - I thought she was one of the Musgrove girls, and maybe she was. The scene is finally running ... In an age when fitness was excellent, it's hard to imagine that Ann was ripping gently all over Bath like some annoying things. How silly can you get? Sally Hawkins had all that was good from Ann Elliot, but she was completely stymied by a poorly structured scenario and overproduction.
