I did not really want to see this. It seems to be the old Raj Kanwar movie that angered me even before I started watching it because I do not consider it a filmmaker. The only reason to take this is clearly the appearance of Shahrukh Khan in the film. I did not even know what the film was about because I was sure it would just be a regular fairy tale. So I imagined a love story between Shahrukh Khan and Devia Bharti with a big support role for Rishi Kapoor who I thought would play her father or uncle. To the full shocker, Rishi Kapoor is the hero! He is the person who encourages young Devia! I felt very sad when I discovered that Shahrukh did not have a small part of any material and that too, in the second part of this stupid film. <br /> <br /> Just let me repeat the question: Why would it take me 17 years? Have you fallen off the beautiful old Devia for a full-fledged pig for 40 plus, like Rishi Kapoor? Rishi Kapoor must be ashamed of taking this part; the only thing he does is ridicule himself. He danced with a girl who could be a lot younger than his daughter and made things worse - acting like a teenager in his forties. Moreover, just to make it more pathetic, the pop star plays ... <br /> <br /> To illustrate things, I have no problems with the actors who sing with the younger ladies much. As long as they make a convincing couple, there should be no problem. In fact, key actors have always been represented in front of young girls (Amitabh Bachchan - Sridive, Methon Chakraborti - Maduri Dixit, Shahrukh Khan Dibika, Salman Khan - Sneh Oulal) and made marriage well. Also, I have nothing against Rishi Kapoor, I think he is a good actor, and his behavior in Bobby is still well engraved in my heart, but does not seem to appear in this film like, Shahrukh Khan or Salman Khan or Aamir Khan is seen today. <br /> <br /> This was a disappointment. Oh, and why everyone saw this movie, Shahruk Khan first appeared. He excelled in very little of his part allowed him to do. The late Devia Bharti made his debut for the first time as well. If you want to watch this movie, just go to the second half. Personally, I will not.
