I'm not one of those people who would come out of a movie that was based on source material and automatically say, "The book was better." I know more than devaluing the movie just because it was not a sincere adaptation. There is a long process and a lot of decisions involved in film making are sometimes out of control of the director / editor / photographer / producer, and certainly beyond the control of the original author. Therefore, it is unreasonable to expect the film to be the same, a word for a word, just like a book, a video game, a Disneyland game, or anything else! The film must be judged according to its own criteria and how it fits into society. In addition, a successful film must be produced because the material is relevant to the community to which it belongs, and if it is source-based, its relevance must be re-examined and improved by filmmakers. <br /> <br /> Films like There Will Be Blood follow this model because while it was based on a novel written at the end of the century, the oil! , It seems relevant because of things like the Iraq war and energy concerns the country of origin of the film, the United States, was and continues to pass. Even King Kong, based on the original film, benefits from the use of new technology and animal rights concerns that people have. <br /> <br /> However, I do not understand why they even bothered to produce this film. ? Along with great performances, guaranteed Oscar gestures, and the director / bookmaker fees for Shanley, and the proceeds he will receive, it seems that this film has never come from anywhere. It must have simply remained a play. The film (which is essentially the same play) does not mention anything new about the abominable sexual atrocities committed, and in many cases the Catholic Church has covered them here and abroad. Do not say anything new or different from the original play. I can only compare this film with another film that appeared almost simultaneously: Frost / Nixon, which was also based on a play. Frost / Nixon seems to have a connection with Nixon as he seems to have come at a time when President Bush was about to leave office. We regret that Nixon, as described in the play / film, about the war and his presidency can easily be reflected on Bush and his presidency. In this regard, Frost / Nixon seemed more important and already benefited from a broader distribution through the film because it made people talk and contemplate the current political situation in the country at the time. On the other hand, she felt that the doubt was like yesterday's news and did not seem to offer anything the play did not offer. <br /> <br /> Of course the film is "good", the performance is wonderful, adaptive screenplay is appropriate, but what about it? Why not just a play? Why, along with marketing and financial reasons, make it into a film? He gave viewers nothing new to discuss the terrible subject.
