The Oscars have arrived, meaning that a large number of these deep, attractive and exciting films are all over the cinemas hoping to have an audience and the opportunity to earn the best picture at the Big Show. Among them, this film based on the play is very popular and highly acclaimed. The original playwright was in fact a writer and film adaptation director. Which comes as a double-edged sword. On the one hand, is it better to translate the play from the original author? On the other hand, it is better not to see the mistakes and drawbacks of the play and correct it more than the original writer himself? Doubt mixes excellent acting with a lot of tension and suspense. A frustrating end, unnecessary dialogue, dubious guidance, and, of course, the inability to provide substantive answers. It is a growing trend among these "big-caliber" films to not answer all the questions he is asking, which must stop. <br /> <br /> Doubt is like humor without her line, like a book containing the last 20 missing pages, like the loss of reception while watching the fourth quarter of a controversial football game, and like the lack of 50 cents to continue playing the card game and see what happens after that. Doubt, just like the frustration that best characterized the past "no country for the elderly", does not really end; does not give us big answers and does not provide enough for us to know the end. Yes, that was the intention, but this is not a test of humanity, it is representative. I do not pay money to see an unfinished business, I pay money to see the beginning, the end and the end, and I pray to God not to fall asleep during the three acts. We are forced to become the "book" of the film by filling the void with ourselves with what has happened before and what will happen to the characters we have seen screaming at each other. <br /> <br /> This little drama about a nun (Meryl Streep) seems very sure that the beloved priest (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is making sexual advances toward a child going to church; the first African American boy in the Catholic Church. The church is torn apart in secret whether he commits heinous sins behind the appearance of all or not. The plot flows because some children start acting differently, attracting the attention of the young teacher (Amy Adams). The story was set immediately after the assassination of John F. Kennedy, who shook the nation for some time and questioned their faith in humanity and in each other. <br /> <br /> The strong points of doubt come in the acting band and also the constant thrill that builds slowly and never boils. Streep seems to deserve Oscar in every role she plays, and here she is no different as her strength and cold behavior put a lid of fear on all students and with some church staff. Hoffman again excels as a priest, by successfully connecting doubts to a charming personality and a friendly halo. The character of hypocrisy seems to be maturing, especially when we assume that we love and contemplate him at the same time; but Hoffman climbs into a plate against one of the best actresses of our generation and presents fantastically. When these two people argue, you can hear fireworks flying without seeing a single launch. But let's not forget Amy Adams (Enchanted) and Viola Davis (Legal Declaration Act) for their brilliant job as well. "Shak" is among the best in 2008. <br /> <br /> However, as we mentioned earlier, writing and direction is what destroys this film, especially when the third film diminishes. Questions pop-up, but not answered. The characters emerge, but do not offer any real reinforcement towards the plot. Children behave differently, but we do not really know why. Are there critical angles in camera work? And ?? There is no real reason why. John Patrick Chanley, the playwright, had a previous film in his directing repertoire: Joe vs. Volcano. Whether it is arrogance or stupidity, we are committed to seeing excessive sequences of random conversation, and a disturbing and unrelenting disturbing word (there was a two-minute debate about coffee and the amount of sugar the priest wanted) thanks to Mr. Chanley. <br /> <br /> Conclusion: No end is a stupid direction no less than irritation like a camera caught in motion movies. It does not matter that we have very talented actors, decent cinematography, a good story to be worked on, or good use of sound and music; because we have a wide range of unanswered questions that spread throughout a movie that is over 100 minutes long Now do not end! Translation from play to film is very good and accurate, because we have the original madmen behind the project? But he took the stupid mistakes and hiccups from the play to the film as well. This decade saw his share of prestigious films and feature films that could have earned me a much higher degree if they had just decided to add a few minutes of footage and end up already: Side, Cast Away, No Country For Old Men, burning after reading are some examples. <br /> <br /> Newsflash: It's your movie that stinks. Please or at least provide a good amount of clues to us to easily fill in the void (such as Wall-E's dismal background stories), rather than staring into space where credits start abruptly and leave you feeling empty, confused, and mentally asthmatic. You have a beginning, middle, and end please! As a critic, I prefer my films to be complete and not complete. There is no doubt that there is an incomplete complaint, and that is why it is an incompetent degree. <br /> <br /> Someone has broken this stupid trend.
