An intergalactic criminal (Ross Hagen) was sentenced to death and awaiting execution on a spacecraft designed for such a purpose. But tonight there will be a Gilberk, and Cole escapes on a pod to escape in a convenient place and fly towards Earth (which seems to be nearby). There he faces a group of "teenagers" (who look at the thirties) and one of the game's observers (John Philippe Lo), who help protect him from his worst nightmare ... the bonus hunter and the robot hangman (or more aptly "gynoid") Alienator. <br /> <br /> From the cover of the box, I was sure the film would be so bad. But, although this was terrible, it was a lot of fun too (maybe at least partly because I was watching it with someone who was hugely wonderful). The film's director, Fred Olin Rye, produces more than a hundred low-quality films (most notably Hollywood Chinooks Hawkers), doing what he does best and plotting together a plot that has only half of it in mind and gives us primitive, special effects. Reward: P.J. Soles appear (as "Tara"), obviously at a low point in her career. <br /> <br /> Sure, there are holes in the plot. Why are there hillbilly retrofitters in California (allegedly Los Angeles County if you understand a properly ordered). What's up with the blouse? Why is there a sub-plot about the ship captain trying hard to win her heart when this story does not go anywhere? What the heck is the "fifth quarter"? How does a chicken wire create an electromagnetic field that would shorten the robot, but landmines do almost nothing? Why does Cole look like a drunk American footballer with emphysema? And Lund Man (Robert Clarke) ... Does his character even point? Does the game he plays with the captain have a point? Does this film have a point? But the biggest mystery is the alien (or gynoid) Alienator, played by Teagan Clive. What is "alienation"? Why looks like Darryl Hannah of the "Blade Runner", just much bigger? Because, if something is cyborg, it is part of the human. But if it is an Android system, it will be the whole machine. It was this robot, so there was no reason why it seemed human. It could have looked like nothing. However, the person who designed it made it the size of the back-player, with the hair of David Bowie and Uttar showing me too little too much. If you are going to make a women's Android, is not that meant to make it tempting and tempting enemies? Mission not accomplished. They say beauty comes in all shapes and sizes, but I think I found a great exception. <br /> <br /> If "Mystery Science Theater 3000" still exists, this movie will appear in a very short list of movies that need to get rude. <br /> <br /> Behind the Alienator the backside (sorry, Teagan, female gross weight lifting) the film is fine. Probably not much of the story and perhaps the characters are not really interesting. Perhaps the scene with the deer is incredibly adorable without a particular reason - what's the point of being a killer robot with deer? But overall, I really liked the film. I will not do it with my friends or will run out of local video store to capture the latest version of the DVD (and I'm sure it's full of amazing special features - no). But I'm thinking about seeing this film going on a long time and looking forward to similar adventures in the future.
