A unique musical comedy that is artificially trying to get married to the sophisticated rock-and-roll explosion of the time with the sensibilities of the middle class of the suburban sitcom. The result is a mash mash dated to the satisfaction that does not satisfy any audience that went to music, but at least will keep their parents on standby. <br /> <br /> A quick look at how to write a promotion should give the back of the video version an idea of ​​the content. Tom Eewell is a drunken client, overcome by the few comedies you almost expect from him. "Darling, I'm at home!" His fuss sites are "very funny in" itch 7 years. "It seems almost like an excuse.What other movie will sell itself on the fact that the leading player was good at something else? Read like" very funny in "The 7 Year Itch" But it's nonsense in this. "Mansfield, a pretty girl with a famous 50-inch origins, is, unfortunately, the vault of Monroe's bargaining with all the acting power and comic timing of rotting pebbles. Ewell's OTT's double shows are a comedy from Hell. "For sale," Jane Mansfield, whose most obvious talents are the cause of much of the biggest laugh in the film, Most of this "humor" is the men who literally fall on themselves, their glasses cracking in Mansfield's location, etc. Just Freud's nightmare for a bottle of overflowing milk casts doubt on the fact that the film is being sold on the basis that it occupies a great position, On the musical side, most of Eden is chosen from the players. Are you really interested in watching Eddie Fontaine's show "I Love Your Eyes, Love Your lips, and taste better than potato chips" in a song titled " "Cool It, Baby"? Only Richard Little Richard is separated from the MOR, although he is forced to sing some of his songs for Dad in a four-minute sequence. And how do all the singing work come without a single microphone? The satire of the industry was widely and childish in their conception. <br /> <br /> Technically, the picture was very advanced, with special effects (including Julie London like ghosts) and luxurious colors (which now look flat and in fact, with red blues and fake-looking flesh tones) , Similar to the color film). The trend, though, is not great, and the sound quality is very poor. <br /> <br /> Maybe it's because it's too old. While the men were still smoking on the screen, the children's representatives made horrifying statements to the adults and the black staff were able to cook and dance. (All this happens here). However, some people like them warmly, the Queen of Africa, Ben Hor, and many others stand as examples of films from the period that can still be enjoyed to this day, so the argument of "good at the time" does not stand really. In her heart, The Girl Can not Help - it's an ironic project that does not care for strict inspection. 4/10. <br /> <br />
