Created one year ago from the ILSA, SHE-WOLF of The SS, it was easy to label BLACKSNAKE as SUSAN, SHE-WOLF OF THE PLANT, and perhaps inspired producers behind the epic of Nazi sexual exploitation to advance their most famous films. Mismatch: A gorgeous, horny, powerful (but stupid) blond woman is deteriorating, killing many people under her control, all of whom hate her and want her dead. It seems familiar? Director Ross Meyer and David Friedman, the producer behind ILSA clicks, are good friends and started their careers together. So, obviously, there is a connection there. When looking at BLACKSNAKE, I can not help but think that Russ Meyer wanted to go ahead and do something other than his usual typical dramas, because XXX movies were all angry in the mid-1970s, and Russ Meyer's films, though full of nudity, weirdness and violence, were not Never close to real porn. His films began to look positively attractive alongside DEEP THROAT and other hardcore pornographic films. Meyer knew he could not compete with such films and that BLACKSNAKE was the end result of such an impasse in his career. He obviously wanted to branch out into a different unknown region. But BLACKSNAKE was bombed at B.O. Meyer soon returned to producing a kind of VIXEN that, even if it was not yet pornographic, was certainly more than any of his previous films. <br /> <br /> No wonder at BLACKSNAKE Bo was a failure. It is terrible. Trash ya Rama. The jaw is bad dropping. It's a semi-urgent game dealing with slavery, if you can imagine it. The end result is contradictory. One minute, we are in the typical Meyer area: exhilarating, hilarious and ridiculous, and then in the next minute, a very dangerous meditation on slavery and violence. Hey? It just does not work. The side of slavery / racism is dealt with badly and this film is transferred to the real exploitation category. But BLACKSNAKE is not as corrupt as the ILSA SHE WOLF OF THE SS and that kind of film, so I imagine that fans of this one were disappointed because of it, which explains why the interest in this film is almost ignored by lovers of exploitation or fans of Russ Meyer. Meyer blames BLACKSNAKE's failure because, I quote, "she did not have enough breasts." Well, I'm sorry Ross, but the film is bad or breast or not chest. But he is right about low breast share. Except for Anuska and the maid, the film's male representatives. Meyer replaced his usual string of young children with crowds of guns with huge pictures, in the form of anonymous actors playing black slaves and David (Darth Vader) Prowse. With the right Anuska man, portrayed as a ruthless but intelligent gay man who enjoys the power he has over men, one can not help but wonder what Meyer was really trying to create here. <br /> <br /> BLACKSNAKE stars David and Arbeck, whom Anuska and her right-hand man lust for. Poor David. He seemed quite puzzled by the whole experience. He seems to have enjoyed making the film, but you can see clearly that, at times, he has no idea what is going on. Then there is Anuska Hempel. She is a beautiful woman ... in the 1970s, not in the 1970s. With her makeup and hair, looks like a typical British babe in the 1970s, rather than the beginning of the dominant century. And her hilarious wardrobe. At one time, she has already unwrapped leather shoes! I did not know that they had zippers in those days. But the character she plays is, in itself, really insulting (not meant by puns). It is only the blades to the object of lust and contempt for all men (and those women) on the island. For example, one night, when David and Anouska follow her, her rude driver walks in the room, David knocks unconsciously, tries to rape her, and savages her savagely. The next day, the slave driver is still working for Anushka and the two act as though nothing has happened. It's totally silly. Under any circumstances, if her character were a real character, Anouska would have stolen the driver of the slave meaninglessly and kicked his ass off the island. Or even kill him. But the fact that women keep him in her ranch after trying to rape her, the story goes so far as to give the characters the best. <br /> <br /> Such ironic details, and the absolutely stunning exploration angle make BLACKSNAKE an unpleasant but strange film. Chapel in the train wreck is varied. I could only watch the film in search of the absolute and unfounded aspects of all of this (easy to watch excellent films watching). So, being a film exploit, I think he succeeded in doing what he was supposed to do. But BLACKSNAKE is mainly for Ross Meyer's specialists.
