I've seen a few episodes of this show and found some of it interesting enough, taking into account the medical facts that can be learned. But this is totally arrogant and devastating because of the immoral relationships of the exhibition's characters. Everyone seems to have grown up with almost everyone, even during business hours, which is ridiculously unreal. There does not seem to be a single fixed marriage or lasting relationship in the whole show - everyone who is cut off from the fight - is hardly a real reflection of all Americans. In fact, there is a complete lack of respect for marriage or monogamy, which is really boring. <br /> <br /> Then countless moral "dilemmas" are presented, and are generally resolved in a way that diminishes anyone. Which does not agree to the management of knowledge degradation and special practice staff. For example, in one of the latest episodes, a very rare case of an unborn child was presented and Adison refuses to perform the surgery entirely because we are supposed to let the child decide his sex later. Any person who disagrees with it is portrayed as immature and stupid. <br /> <br /> I believe that anyone who opposes abortion will be insulted by the way the pro-life exhibition is treated. Edison made the comment that no man was allowed to have a view on the case and that only one black figure was given dignity to oppose abortion for moral reasons. The general feeling was that if you opposed abortion, you are a stranger - hardly a popular feeling in the United States. Two of the main characters at the exhibition reported with indifference that they had had an abortion when they were younger and had no apologies or regret, although research showed that women could be severely depressed. What's more, a little girl comes to the clinic for an abortion, then thanks the staff who were on their way out and one of them talks about how they were helping this young man, and it seemed like something to watch out for. The scenario could have been written by family planning. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a cheap offer that lacks much of the future unless it decides to offer more realistic relationships instead of just the totally unreasonable soap opera relationships and far-reaching medical attitudes throughout the entire show.
