The Choke begins when the rock band The Choke prepares for a concert at a club called Club 905 owned and managed by John Johnson (Andrew Parker). Dylan (Sean Cook) and guitarist Mike McKay will tell other band members, London guitarist Brooke Bailey and drummer Nancy (Tom Olson), that both will go solo and that their services will not be needed longer. Once the club prepares Dylan but Mike does not show up and the concert turns into a disaster. Then when the band believes that things can not get worse, they find a corpse in the basement, and that all the doors have been closed so you can not get out and they do not trust that a mysterious killer begins to pick from one side after another ... <br /> <br /> Produced and directed by Juan A. Mas The Choke is a teenage teenager who has nothing to do with it. The script written by Jessica Dolan and Susanna Loper (not many of the horror films written by the ladies ...) has surprisingly good characters in this dialogue and an elegant dialogue, but it is much better than many of the modern footage on a type of video camera. In this regard, it is so slow and boring that even the few exciting characters can not come close. As one would expect that all the usual cliches in the teen, from the isolated site that the victims can not escape, will be cast in shadows of teenagers who look good and who continue to split, a few murders and a really bad ending trying to imitate something like Scream (1996) and being surprising but meaningless when you think about it logically (they could not do some of the things they were supposed to do) and to make matters worse I guessed who the killer was fairly early even though I do not want to boast that I You immediately. Then there is the fact that the makers of The Choke felt that their audience would feel entertained by showing endless scenes (well, endless as they watch) scenes of teenagers walking in the dark corridors and doing nothing in particular, I'm sorry but there is only a lot Such scenes I can pick up before they become boring. The number of killings is low, initially they all decided to stick to each other (a good idea) but they all decided randomly to separate and go in their separate ways (the bad idea when there is a killer in a loose position), the languid pace, The end, bad. <br /> <br /> The director seems pretty good, the film looks pretty good in the most, although there are strange occasions where some disturbing posts are used. Production editing technology such as slow motion or skip frame. Bull levels are not at hand already, there is some blood spray, a man with a hole in his chest, a few bodies, and someone suffering from some metal columns. Most of the killings take place outside the screen, where the ax eventually kills a good example of the film does not actually show anything. Since the film revolves around the rock band, there is a rock-based soundtrack with some horrible and horrible rock music used there. I'm sorry fans of rock music but to me ears this nonsense is just a noise pollution. This is not scary, there is no real atmosphere, lack of blood and traction is unforgivable when the rest of the film is so bad. <br /> <br /> With an assumed budget of around $ 1,000,000, Choke is well prepared and reasonably priced production values, looks definitely cheap but not cheap as low budget horror movies look like. He was shot in a place called Spokane in Washington, apparently. Acting is one of the strongest films as it's generally good in all respects, I mean nobody wins an Oscar but it's not bad. <br /> <br /> The Choke is an intermittent Scream style teen teen that has one of the weakest endings ever and a criminal deficit in blood, wound, violence, nudity and bodies. I mean if none of the fighters have sex or injustice, what is the point? Those are the only things the average person deserves, right?
