Carriers follows the exploits of two men and two hours in a stolen Mercedes with the words "Warrior of the Road" on the hood of the motorway on the highway with the top-mounted ski boards. Bryan (Chris Payne of Star Trek) drives his car and his girlfriend Bobby (Piper Perabu from Coyote Ogley), while Bryan's younger brother, Danny (Le Taylor Pucci of Panboise) and his friend - not exactly girlfriend - Kate (Emily VanCamp of "Episode 2") occupy the back seat. This quartet of 20 people lives in a nightmare. Apparently, the viral epidemic - which the co-directors and co-authors Alex Pasteur and David Pastor tell us - has not destroyed anything at all - has destroyed America. Of course, the absence of an exhibition of erosion to resolve at least fifteen minutes would slow down this cynical melodrama about how people deteriorate into crisis and become their worst enemies. <br /> <br /> This deadly virus gives you shingles and then bleeds and dies. Most people run around wearing these white masks tied to their nose and mouth with a rubber band. In the beginning, the four-faced desperate parents, Frank (Christopher Miloney of "Runaway Bride") and his little daughter Jodie (Kiernan Shipka of "Land of Lost") blocked the highway with SUVs. Bryan turns around Frank when he tries to cancel them, but in this process, the oil explodes in their Mercedes car and ends on foot. Reluctantly, they made a trip with Frank after they sealed Judy in the rear of the SUV. She wears a mask over her nose and mouth and is stained with blood. Frank heard that doctors were treating the patients in the hospital and going to him. Unfortunately, someone has lied to Frank. The doctor in the hospital gives the last couple some help Kool-Aid, which will get them out of their misery. The treatment did not improve their condition. Everyone in the city has died. Kate unsuccessfully tries to get a touch tone on each phone. Frank realizes there is no hope for his daughter and allows the heroic quadrant to meet and take off his SUVs. <br /> <br /> In fact, "Carriers" is a very frustrating film about the effects of the epidemic on four. Sympathetic people who turn murderers into killers to protect themselves. They arrive at a rural club and relax at a golf course until four others appear wearing suits and masks with machine guns. Incredibly, our heroes managed to escape without getting a shot, but Brian suffers from fear when he falls into the water with almost a floating body. In the end, they discovered that one of them had been injured. Later, as they were about to run out of gas, Bryan closed the highway as Frank did at first. Danny tries to stop a pair of older Christian women driving the car. Danny lies that his pregnant wife is about to give birth and that he needs his help. Bryan casts caution in the wind and explodes in the ladies with an automatic gun when they refuse to help them. Bryan catch an alloy in the leg of the rider, but he kills it. <br /> <br /> No, "Carriers" is not a beer and pizza you can either laugh at or laugh at because humor does not really exist. At the end of this 84-minute film, our heroes have turned into villains who care only about themselves and their plight. Chris Payne gives a great impression because Bryan is fond of fun and his active performance is the only reason to comment with this hokum, while the only other well-known actress, Piper Perabu, landed in the role of his wonderful girlfriend. As Bobby, they make a tragic mistake show sympathy for a small girl dying and paying for a terrible price. It is a testimony to Payne's performance that he can change his personality to the point of putting himself in front of others. Basically, Pine has the only role that gives him the ability to pull eighty-one from a lucky man to a heartless man. <br /> <br /> The two managers are Spanish brothers, and they have never called momentum. As there is no comfort on the horizon, the "carriers" are drowning in predictability. The cinematographer "Irréversible" Benoît Debie is doing a great job with his wide lenses and the obnoxious trip like this makes Debie look like a dynamic film. Apart from the lack of happy ending or closing in any sense of the word, "carriers" suffer because it is very ironic. The scene when the German Shepherd attacks Danny evokes more than suspense, but even could have been improved. Unfortunately, the Reverend Brothers do not fear much tension or suspense. By vanishing, do not really care about what happens to anyone.
