In the late 1970s, Don Bluth was frustrated by the production of his company. Disney was floundering and split from Mouse House to form his own studio. His first production, The Secret of Nimeh, was a remarkable feature that still stands to this day. This was followed by the American TAIL and The LAND before time, both made under the direction of Steven Spielberg and commercially successful. Although neither of these films has the dark-hearted appeal of the NIMH, they are still very charming and fun features for both children and adults. But before long, Don Bluth was his first major fabrication with all dogs going to heaven; critics were particularly tough on this film, and things were not useful because he opened it up to Disney's LITTLE MERMAID. <br /> <br /> Since the movie has a great title, you might all expect dogs to go to heaven to be a fun family fare. Instead, Bluth offers an amazingly dark story that includes gambling, deception, crime, abuse, and murder. This is not in itself a problem for animation at a time, but it raises the question of whether the movie is for children. On the other hand, it is difficult to say whether the adults will find much to enjoy it in all the dogs that go to heaven. In short, it is a movie that suffers from a major identity crisis. <br /> <br /> The movie is located on an uninhabited farm in New Orleans, and the movie begins when Charlie B. is run. Barkin, a difficult German shepherd, was found. More than a courtesy car from his former gambling casino partner, Bad, Pewter cigar blowing, Carvis. Before you know it, Charlie finds himself in the sky, though by default. The angel of the prophets, Annabel, tells him that "all dogs go to heaven because dogs, unlike people, are usually sincere and gentle." This line represents the blurred nature of the film, since the dogs in the film, and jerk aside, are presented as something else. <br /> <br /> When he realizes that he was killed, Charlie steals his way to Earth and plots to get up with Carface. With the reluctant help of his German friend Ichi, Charlie "salvages" the Carvis Award, Anne Marie, a human girl who can talk to animals (to predict who will win the rat races). Charlie claims that he will help Little Cutie create a family for her, but in fact uses her skills to earn fortunes in the race so he can build his more detailed casino to drop Carves. Although he refuses to admit it, Charlie grows up to love Ann Marie ... <br /> <br /> The concept of the story is not a problem like execution. Apart from AnneMarie and the frantic musical melody that appears three quarters of the time (with Ken's sound pipes), none of the other characters seem likable or frankly unworthy of attention. Unfortunately, that also applies to Charley; in trying to make him a counter-hero, the script (consisting of more than a dozen books) succeeded in making the character of TOO unpopular. As such, the public does not feel sympathy for Charlie, and even worse, his redemption at the end of the film was not convincing. (More personal damage is the disappointing performance of Bert Reynolds.) Besides the lack of gracious progress, the other film problem lies in the structure of the story. The slow-moving plot travels all over the place and is used to shooting in additional scenes that serve no purpose other than to spend time playing the movie. The above-mentioned crocodile (which lives in crowded watercourses infected with native rats) seems to have been dumped from anywhere else, as in a scene where Charlie tries to show AnneMarie's generosity by feeding a group of colorful puppet pizzas. A full script feels like a rough first project. It could have made it more polished. This is a more compact story. <br /> <br /> Things do not help with the faint musical numbers written by Charlie Strauss and TJ. Kuenster (the song AnneMarie and the song gator is the only good song, and the latter in particular takes advantage of the various audio sound from Ken Page) or uneven sound. As mentioned, Charlie Burt Reynolds harsh and Hamid detracts from his already undesirable personality (the only exception is a burning conflagration about his true intentions towards the end). Dom Deewes is a good actor, but he has better roles, especially the tiger in the film The American and Jeremy in the Secrets of Nimeh. Ken Big, as we mentioned, is gorgeous at anything he does, but his character has a very small part so that his overall contribution is not noticeable at best. Similarly lost to Loney Anderson (Calcoli who once threw the trash with Charlie), Milba Moore, and Charles Nelson Riley. Judith Parsi as Anne Marie is likely to be the only sound that is not really forgotten, in part because her character is the only character who is fond of this depressing and compassionate show. <br /> <br /> Side bars, the only positive positive about all dogs going to heaven is the animation. Technically, this film contains some of the most creative images from the Bluth team (according to the standards of the 1980s, ie), especially a scary scene where Charlie has a nightmare about ending up in a fiery world ruled by Satanic Satanic Satan. If anything, the film is the triumph of the most animated storytelling. <br /> <br /> Overall, I can not recommend ALL DOGS GO TO HEAVEN as a good entertainment. Although I realize that the film has fans and that its peak provides some energy and a firm recognition, the overall package is not in the same category as Bluth's efforts. Animation enthusiasts will love artisan art, but by the time it's over, all the dogs that turn to taste may leave a bad taste in your mouth.
