I am a big fan of films that make you think. I still think long and hard about this, seven minutes after the start of the balance. What really confuses my neurons is an attempt to understand the extent to which the naked girl, whose oily body touches the spots, is made out of the sound by filming it in a cheap video. This happens three times and you are sure that it will be explained in the end. I believe in filmmakers that this mysterious attempt to entice viewers will be justified. It was not. <br /> <br /> The movie must be the most ambitious. The groups look like an intersection between Dr. Who's group of the 1970s and someone's bad idea of ​​a living room painted with sponges. You can not imagine lighting (if your groups are so bad, shoot them at least in total darkness to hide plasterboard and create some atmosphere). Among the abducted Quartet, the girl stands out as particularly lame, but none of them has been given a personal identity. Foreigners' plans to dominate the world are just silly - all they need is contraception and solve their problems. Most of the film consists of people running in the corridors. Yes, it is really exciting. The special effect of Shuaa's gun is ... Curious, at least (what is the use of a weapon that takes a 15-second explosion to kill it, and even then the man returns for more?). The script is like a bad episode of The A-Team, and women's hairstyles come from the same era, so look like school teachers instead of an advanced team of foreign invaders killers. When we finally get to know the true shape of foreigners, they are in the form of animated cartoons that do not even come out of their boxes. The solution to the story - the foreign traitor in a few words simply with the commander of the gas fleet and without any second idea that he is going home - is really a sign of a writer who had no more complex idea than the cartoon on Saturday morning (I mean bad without plot, action or characterization) ) In his or her life. <br /> <br /> But seriously, what's with the nude chick ?! Was it really so they could justify putting the meat on the DVD cover to increase sales?
