Noel Coward, a witty and wacky man, was a friend of Louis Mount Patten. Mr. Coward, a longtime admirer of all marine objects, was commissioned to write a story based on the loss of Mount Paten. Consider that a film about the Royal Navy loses face at sea would be a good publicity. It was also considered a good idea to have Mr. Coward play the captain of the ship. In addition to the many qualities necessary to lead a combat ship, the ability to speak with a loud voice singing and singing sophisticated "points" does not top the list at Admiralty House, or at least one hopes not to do so. The team leader must earn and maintain respect for the sitting room and the underside both. Mr Coward may have been respected by the Masters in Drury Lane and Pinky Beaumont may have been terrified of him, but his ability to tame, direct and guide the ship's crew in time of war must be raised. The bridge, which takes care of other ranks and orders for barking at the officers, only needed to wear silk clothes and had a cigarette to look at his home. Much of the theme is "Battleship as a Miniature of the British Society", the crew consists largely of the usual cheery Kani, Northern Cannyers etc. Without who can fight any war. Spend most of their time on board smoking, moaning about Lord Hao Hao and the explosion. Do not worry, there's a lot of where they came from. As soon as they go to the beach, they go straight to the bar where they spend most of their time smoking, sighing Lord Howe and blowing up. By contrast, Mr. Coward lives in a dream cottage with a rose. The covered door is in a very quiet place with very little chance of detonation. His wife and the lady of the cherubine, made with roses, spoke in funny tones. The wife said she spends much of her time sewing things for the poor, who are made up of his crew, whom he refers to by their titles. For this beautiful young professor Johnny Mills plays a prominent role as an utterly incredible species on the bottom deck worshiping Mr. Coward in the same way that a dog is worshiped by his master. He marries his girlfriend after kissing her on the cheek, presumably on the grounds that she may be pregnant after this passion without restrictions. So, yes, we have a miniature model of British society here, but perhaps not the way the makers of "we serve" do. In the end, Mr. Coward got a last chance to take care of his men while there were a few survivors walking behind him. "Bye Edwards, it was an honor to sail with you," he declared as if reading "How is a brown cow now?" This may have been the first time for David Lane's film, but Noel Coward's hand is looming over this picture. He was a funny and intelligent man, and it was best suited to write wasp plays about girls and young rich poor children interspersed with a cynical song from time to time. He had a talent for entertainment, no doubt, but he could not write or talk about a convincing dialogue. Being Noel Coward was a full-time job, he did not have time to be a real person.
