He finds a tear from Cecil B. Demel in 1922 holding tears from prison to prison The beautiful girl Leatrice Joy as a young girl with good faith and has more money than you know. Their recklessness leads to imprisonment, which in turn leads to their renewal. Thomas Megane is the lawyer of the Crusader province, who made his crusade to bring out goodness and perfection in Lydia, but he deviates by alcohol and once released, it is up to her to save him! <br /> <br /> If the plot is not too bad, you will be affected by the sad presentation. The quality of deMille's direction is extremely low and does not show any special skill unique to it. Photography is standard and consistent, and editing is not more dynamic. One can easily classify them as a fashion show and be fairly correct. DeMille wears Miss Joy clothing in many different types of clothing (evening dresses, golf fashion, fashion cars, piles of fur) so that the subtitle "Fashion 1922" becomes one more frustrating thing than photography or Editing or direction is representation, which is mostly flat and wooden. When this is not the case, it is just a silent nod, rolling balls of the eye, applause of the eye, markings and a deliberate arm. What could have been enlivened by modern viewers by stealing and chewing some of the worst silent films, is here just boring to watch. Lewis Wilson, the only member of the team that succeeds in any form of excellence, is not only beautiful, but able to play its role naturally. She is convincing and beloved in close-ups of tears, as long as you do not read the moral tag that follows as soon as she opens her mouth to speak. As I said, everyone else is a relentless routine, joy, Meighan, and even Julia Fei. Her performance here provides a good argument about why she never gets real stardom at all. <br /> <br /> The worst and most entertaining part of this film is a heavy moral tone that carries it all. Miquan's character is characterized by many headlines, where he follows with no success how young Americans are retreating in their moral position and returning to the deterioration of Rome. (insert absurd flashback) The ethics of this film have been described as Victorian, but beyond that. Has so little impact in reality that I felt that the public at the time did not take it more seriously than contemporary viewers. <br /> <br /> This film is exactly what the unknown tends to think of as a "typical" silent film, with an old moral structure, a wooden representation and a bad direction. DeMille shows that it can be a terrible way out, without any sense of speed, camera mode, or skill in handling script or actors. I can not imagine anyone in his right mind taking it seriously. Boring, slow and stupid, I recommend that Dorcie sing a silent movie like me only.
