Tyrannosaurus Azteca is located in the 16th century where the famous Spanish explorer Hernando Cortis (Ian Zirring) landed in Mexico with six of his best men, including Lt. Rios (Marco Sanchez). They intend to claim the land in Spanish and possibly steal some gold if the opportunity arises. Within minutes, they have a first look at local Aztec monsters, within minutes after capturing Cortez and his men and holding them. If it is not bad enough, it has been shown that two Tyrannosaurus Rex live there and want to eat from the locals, trying to earn their lives, the Spanish offer to help local people get rid of their own monster problem but with different hidden agendas and hidden motives not only The dinosaurs that they have to pay attention to ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Brian Trinchard Smith (who happened to be one of my favorite exploits of all time, Turkey Shoot (1982), which I recommend to one person ) And also more commonly under the pseudo-sounding of Aztec Rex (title Boa has been changed The Sci-Fi channel when it is probably broadcast as the original title Tyrannosaurus Azteca seems to be a foreign film) This is another feature of the creature fantasy "creature channel" stupid and cheap-looking and that's all you really need to know. Based on & about the "true Spanish conqueror" during his trip to Mexico, the film certainly does not seek historical accuracy although I will admit that the story is trying to do something a bit different here but in the end the Azteca Terranosaurus is still a mere creature advantage A group of people running from some of CGI's weak computer graphics of the beast, although it is the preparation period.I'm not sure what I can say, although it was made centuries ago, the usual cliches here, the characters are the usual cutouts of cardboard, And making stupid, immediate decisions For the selfish, heroic, and background tastings, the anonymous victim that just exists to get to eat and the beautiful woman is all here and easy to spot. The story is not good and it has a lot of holes too, this is also the kind of movie that you've forgotten completely in a few days. <br /> <br /> Now you've watched and commented on a lot of the Sci- Fi 'Creature Features' The effects of CGI on the computer are usually awesome, while the Azteca Tyrannosaurus does not reflect the trend Completely, I'll admit there are some shots that look fine but then they are destroyed by the absolutely horrible fire effects immediately afterwards. There are some nice gentle influences here too, there is a broken heart, a leg biting a man, there is some blood spray, a cold shot of a man leaving his intestines after being attacked by a dinosaur, there are few dead bodies & stabbed someone with a spear. T-Rex gets some people to eat as well. Production values ​​are very cheap. The Aztec Group seems to be one of those styrofoam entertainment attractions. These Spanish men must have been imprisoned in the worst place in the history of cinema with the fence supposed to keep them in a lower waistline than the man's. From him and escape from him. <br /> <br /> With an assumed budget of about $ 900,000, I can not see where the money went, filmed in Hawaii, Hawaii, in 15 days apparently. Acting is not wonderful from anyone I've never heard of before. <br /> <br /> In fact, the Azteca Tyrannosaurus is no better than any other cheap creatures feature in the Sci-Fi channel although it is interesting and almost unusual. Hypothesis, this basic statement should be enough for you to decide whether or not you will enjoy it (guess not).
