Epson, a visitor, a foreign visitor, is not what I expected. It is an Australian film with no budget and no special effects other than the accelerated film and rapid cutting of the scene. A foreigner (who can immediately speak the fully spoken Australian language) can "shine" from place to place or from time to time and change her perception of the flow of time to match the "fastest" humans. <br /> <br /> An elderly grandmother tells her granddaughters about a story told by a man who walked 40 years ago, when "she" came to the planet naked and completely deformed, unable to recognize any star in the sky that came from him ... Meet a lonely man At a camp in the Australian Outback, it seems to have been puzzled. Is here "by mistake" and gets angry when she is told she is on the ground. Earthlings know that they are desolate of the environment and borrow the most insulting things imaginable to the rest of the universe: those who "breathe in the air of obscene" but do nothing about it, and stick their heads under the sand like an ostrich. In another entertaining metaphor, the sons of the earth are "frogs". <br /> <br /> From there, it's a full-length film about dialogue, where the baffled man tries to understand that she is psychic and strange, even when she describes him as unwise and "weird." A man begins to realize that he is not rational and does not think straight. However, while waiting to return home, she sees that this man is not completely flawed in his thinking, but is in love with him. <br /> <br /> The dialogue on perspectives is interesting, but all is linked to a heavy environmental message and a low budget (there are only two major actors roaming the various deserted scenes, evil humans desperate on the planet, Watching at all). The environmental message does not offer any solutions, but draws one or two metaphor about what happens to nature and man if something is not done. Logic is also not intertwined: the rest of the universe has "surrendered" to Earth, yet a single space woman accidentally caught on the ground has made some positive change by finishing the film. What could a battalion of foreigners deliberately send here able to investigate against pollution and waste?
