This is one of those films being wasted by the British Lottery Fund. The main problem is the roaming scenario that does not reach anywhere. The characters are not interesting, the story is traditional and inaccurate, and the only thing that interests you is the location: Genoa City (Genoa, Italian). I had no idea of ​​the complex alleys of her old city, and because I knew only the superficial knowledge of Genoa, and that the city was very interesting. I thought Genoa was boring. I am happy to say that I proved wrong. So from the travelogue point of view, this film has an interest. The film contains one wonderful show, presented by a young girl named Perla Hani Jardine. She has already made seven films, even though she is only 12, so she seems determined to be an actress. If she is judged by her performance in this film, she must go away, because she is normal and has a great deal of talent. Colin Firth, the reliable and professional actor, was at hand to shoot, and when asked to be serious, he was serious, and when asked to feel upset, he was worried. But someone forgot to give him any useful dialogue. The scenario is total chaos. Catherine Kenner works well in a supporting role, and shows empathy with her naturally, so everyone wants to get around her (I would tell her every time I feel cold coming, and I know she'll understand a hot, soothing drink). If we have: narrow narrow Genoa alleyways, sexy little girl, sympathetic woman. Forget the rest. The older sister played by Willa Holland is a disgusting figure to the point that the fact that the young actress is doing a good job chasing her is not exactly the kind of acting that she would like to hear. The idea that this family is going to Genoa to forget the unfortunate death of the mother is so trivial that if we have another film like this, all dead mothers have the right to complain about their exploitation. If Michael Winterbottom wanted to make a film about the interest of the old part of Genoa, why did not he go to the BBC and said he wanted to make a travel film with some reckless viewers? Why waste money in a feature film is nothing more than a project of stupidity in the vacuum of idleness and laziness?
