Over the years, I have noticed that when a rock star makes his last album before his death, this album, if not the best one, is somehow prolific and worth listening to. The album is usually good enough to enhance the legacy. However, when it comes to comedians, especially the mainstream comedy that plays a role in their own cars, their latest film is usually awesome. John Peloschi got "Neighbors", John Candy's "Eastern Cart", Chris Farley has "Almost Heroes", Phil Hartman had "Little Soldiers" and Rodney Dungerfeld had this film. <br /> <br /> "Back By Midnight" Although it may not be the last movie of Dangerfield, it is literally weak. The film was concluded by filming in 2002 according to this website, and it is safe to say that it would have remained on the shelves if Dangerfield was still alive. I've been a fan of Dangerfield since I was a teenager and it pains me to see how rot this movie is. <br /> <br /> What struck me most was that a number of other talented people took part in a film with a very weak hypothesis to begin with. Dangerfield, the great comedian who usually plays his comic character in the film, is a prison prisoner with a coherent group of prisoners. When the owner of the prison, Col. Tom Parker, meets billionaire Sam Walton, Eli Rockwood (Randy Quaid), cutting off funding for the prison, the jailer sends a group of prisoners to break the prison, robbing convenient Rockwood stores of consumer goods and returning to jail with stolen goods. By taking what is in the shops, they (I think) take what they think Rockwood owed them. <br /> <br /> With this baseless assumption, the movie and kiosks are shaken repeatedly. Moreover, the jokes that you think will be the salvation of this movie are not close to the funny, nor even the master does not respect himself. This is incredibly disappointing, because you are expecting a film with Randy Quaid (!!!), Randy Quaid, Christie Ailey, Gilbert Gottfried, Ed Bigley, Jr., Wildley Smith and others at least who are funny. Instead, Quidd plays a character we've seen before in innumerable comedy movies. The alley plays a British heir with a horrifying British accent (can not this film cost a real British person ?!!), And each joke was poorly prepared and timed by Almost every member of this band. It was not just a good comedy in any sense of the word. <br /> <br /> "Back By Midnight" is basically a language (and one nude scene). The irony of this fact is that many jokes are an insulting audience that even children (if you edit the language) will come out of this movie. As can be incredibly unpredictable physical gags, especially when the pet monkey alley personality Quaid. When the monkey catches a pair of scissors and jumps onto the quaid couch, who of us does not know where the muzzle will go? <br /> <br /> Being a direct comedy to the video, of course I did not expect any Oscar-winning material here. The truth is that Dangerfield has made some wonderful, timeless comedy before. "Easy Money" and "Back to School" are still hilarious, and certainly not worthy of the Oscars at the very least. However, there is a difference between making stupid comedy and this funny, stupid comedy. With this last type of comedy, it seems that filmmakers are not even trying, and that is exactly this lame excuse for 90 minutes. Comfort in Peace, Rodney, but add this movie to your collection of forgotten comedy like Meet Wally Sparks (1997) and The Godson (1999). This film, I dare say, is not worth watching.
