I'm not sure what to do with this distorted drama of 2007. In an attempt to be a new hybrid across the new millennium between On Golden Pond and Prince of Tides, this film will end up in an irregular mess that turns mercurially between comedy and melodrama so that the emotional pitch always seems Out of reach. The main problem seems to be the incongruous difference between Gary Marshall's emotional orientation and the Dark Scenario and Mark Andros. The story focuses on the disintegrating relationship between mother Laila and her daughter Rachel, who moved all the way from San Francisco to the small town of Hull, Idaho, where Georgia lives. The idea is to leave Lily Rachel in the summer under Georgia in Tuskmaster, full of its brutal rules since the 17-year-old became an irreparable hell. <br /> <br /> The setting is clear enough, but characters are made to shift quickly and often incomprehensibly between sympathetic and screaming to match the contrived features of a story. It is indiscriminately transformed through the issues of alcoholism and sexual harassment of children and families in order to settle in its decision. The three actresses at the center replace some of the dramas, but to varying degrees. Perhaps because of her reputation outside the screen and her coarse smoker voice, Lindsay Lohan makes Rachel's mixing and tactics clear, although they become less credible because her personality reveals the psychological wounds that give cause for her interested behavior. Felicity Hoffman is forced to play a nightly role in two extreme observations - like a flustered son and a mother who has never come close to her, and an angry and destructive mother who begins to recognize her responsibility in her daughter's mindset. She does what she can through the role on both fronts, but her efforts never add a human being of flesh and blood. <br /> <br /> In about 70 years, Jean Fonda looks wonderful, even when the weather is beaten as it is here, and has the stars' presence to move away from the cartoon-like dimensions of a bankrupt Georgia. The problem I face with Fonda is that the legendary actress deserves more than a series of starred stars and mothers' stars. Between this and Monster-in-execable for 2005, it makes one wonder if its best work is behind them. It should not be surprising that their counterparts of actresses were completely overwhelmed. Garrett Hedlund seems very dutiful like the Harlan naive, the religious Mormon whose sudden love for Rachel can delay his two-year missionary work. Carrie Elwes plays on a suspicious note familiar as a night pair, an unfortunate situation where it seems predictable that casts light on the end of the film. <br /> <br /> There is also Dermot Mulroney, who is everywhere in the role of the wounded wound. Widow, the former flame of Lily and the new head of Rachel as city veterinarian Dr. Simon Ward. Lori Metcalfe barely plays as Simon Paula's sister, while Marshall Hector Elizondo and songwriter Paul Williams appear in rock music. Some of the Andros dialogue is very easy and the tone of the nuclear serum is not settled on anything that seems right. There are several small extras with 2007 DVD, nothing very exciting. Marshall offers a suspension course that contains a lot of brand humor. There are many deleted scenes, including three shapes in the end, and a golfer. A set of outstanding features is included for seven minutes, plus the original play trailer, six short minutes highlighting the three actresses and honoring Marshall for five minutes.
