The zombie revolution begins with Armand Locke (Dean Jagger) persuading General Duval (George Cleveland) that his colleague, Zhang (William Crowell) is a priest who has the ability to hypnotize people and make them under his control turn them into zombies (somewhat like the people I really work with). However, Tsang was killed by Colonel Mazowia (Roy Darcy) but failed to gain knowledge about turning people into zombies. An expedition was created by General Duval to look for the secret because Tsiang will not tell them anymore. General Duval is leading the campaign with his daughter Clare (Dorothy Stone) who works with Locke who is also coming. During the mission, Clare emptied Louque for his companion Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland), who Louque was not pleased with. In a way that can only occur in a film Louque finds secretly to turn people into a zombie alone and begins to use his new found strength to avenge Clare and Clifford ... co-authored and directed by Victor Halperin Rivolt of Zombie has a bad reputation and after watching it I can see why. Halperin, Howard Higgin, and Rollo Lloyd, all of whom are not accredited, have a good central idea, but he was killed by a bramble because it is boring and exciting like watching dry paint. Nothing big happens for ages, then nothing happens then too. How is Halperin a zombie different from what most modern masses consider coma, these zombies are just people to brainwash and the movie audiences must wait for more than thirty years before George A. Romero What Zombies Believe Now in the Night of the Dead Living (1968). In about an hour in length, the zombie revolution is still very long. Technically, the film is fine because it was produced 70 years ago, but black and white cinematography is enough, although some scenes look like they were shot on a background image. Wooden representation is largely ineffective. Perhaps the zombie revolution of hot things in 1936, but they were not well dated, and in 2005, it was very important to sit. I think the film is now a public domain because it shows a lot of very cheap DVD sets and budget labels, but it's still not worth watching, no matter what cheap cost you can get for it.
