Although the title includes "zombies," this film is not what you would expect from a movie that was created today, although in 1936, the idea was presented as expected. Dean Jagger describes Armand Loki, a French army officer in World War I, who found an old tale of soldiers turning into an automatic, or zombie, who are not tired in battle and may hold the key to victory in war, despite the uncertain side of the war. . At first he had a problem convincing his superiors of this phenomenon, but in the end French General Duval (George Cleveland) ordered a non-military expedition to the ancient Cambodian city of Angkor to find and destroy the mystery of the zombie. <br /> <br /> The story is played against the backdrop of the love triangle in which Louque, Duval's daughter, Dorothy Stone, and Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland) are all part of the campaign. When Locke regrets his loss of strength and determination, Grayson gives him advice to pursue what he wants in life with all his might. This advice begins with the Louque transformation, especially after its success in obtaining a stone tablet resembling a picture of the old city. Having followed the temple priest in a quagmire, it seems that Locke now retains the secrecy that he was seeking, although it is not clear how he immediately managed to control the power of the zombation. All it takes is to put the grip of his right hand on the front mimic the third eye, and throw his thoughts to those who wish to control it. This comes at hand to retrieve his girls, taking Grayson's early advice as he hangs on his servant, "Puna, we learn to be merciless." <br /> <br /> Fans of early horror bunches "B" will recognize the use of Bella Lugosi for the eyes, which was extracted from the 1932 film "The White Zombie" and director Victor Halperin. "White Zombie" is preferable, both in terms of the content of the story and in its portrayal of the anode, where mummies have a more sinister and more threatening appearance. In "Revolution", zombies are soldiers with homogeneous enemies who interact only with their teacher's orders. In fact, the actual rebellion of the title occurs only when the Louque soldiers are fired from his mental leadership in respect of his love for Claire; they have overtaken his vehicle and killed him in the process. <br /> <br /> In order not to be too harsh in the film, it is presented properly within the criteria of the storyline, but if you are thinking of "zombie !!" ! "Within the traditional context, you are likely to be disappointed.If you want to experience an early treatment of the subject, the" white coma "mentioned above with Bela Lugosi is the way to go.
