Darkman 3: Die Darkman Die directed by Bradford May, the same man who made the first Darkman game too. Darkman 3 is worse than Darkman 2, and not something special, in my opinion. Larry Drake is no longer a major villain, now played by Jeff Fahey, who wants his character back to get Darkman's work and this time creating some very powerful humans in order to gain leadership of the entire city. The film is pretty much the same in plot and execution as Darkman 2, but I was mostly angry with the presence of many scenes from Darkman 2. These were made in a short time and with little money, so I had to make the kind of making made. A couple of beautiful and elegant scenes, but this movie is still very tired and often too stupid. The characters scream and laugh a lot and they are very annoying. There is no philosophical depth in the film, and this resembles a remake of Darkman 2 that is still uneven. Darkman 2 had a lot of great scenes and stylish camera work, and Larry Drake's ability to play an awesome villain. Darkman 3 offers some nice scenes and moments, but it is often tired and full of cliches. The few positive things in this film are the Flashback releases (Westlake nightmares) and two roles and the really amazing plot tricks. It is worth mentioning is also a very bad death scene of the main villain who was very comic book like and innovation without any gore. More interesting than the death of the main villain in the second part. <br /> <br /> Darkman 3 is the worst in the entire series, and we must remember that these two sequences were made directly for the video and did not even come close to Raimi's original Darkman with Liam Neeson. Darkman 2 was a fine performer with lots of wonderful sights and suspense, but this last entry (?) Is tired and often stupid and boring. It has some advantages as mentioned, but the general feeling is that this should not be done in the first place. Mai is a talented manager and we hope to be able to get some of the most important projects in the future. <br /> <br /> 3/10
