I think Dolph Lundgren had the potential to be a big star like Schwarzenegger, Stallone and even Van Dam to a certain degree. He had some great moments in his career, but he also took some bad choices and this was certainly one of them although he later took his career. The odd thing about Jill The Ripper (or Jill Rips ... or Tied Up) is that I honestly believe they seriously thought they were provoking a provocative and dangerous excitement? It appears in the way they describe IMDb, on a DVD box, in comments, and this film is not dangerous. To call it campy would be a great understatement. The film tries to be complex and intelligent, but in fact it is only shallow, confusing and unjustified. Moreover, they put Lundgren, famous for motion pictures, to try a serious role that makes him more attractive because his range as a very limited actor. The entire film revolves around the strange sex world, yet try to make it a serious thriller? Just a plot and hypothesis that instantly makes her B-Movie Porn at best. <br /> <br /> Dolph Lundgren plays the role of a fearsome ex-policeman, Matt Sorenson, who decides to play detective role when his brother is killed. I mean to put aside the many plot holes that have made Lundgren wandering around freely to investigate crime scenes, witnesses and everything else although he is no longer a policeman, and you still have a very strange performance and lack the brilliant performance of Lundgren. Daniel Brett is the last love interest in Lundgren and his brother's widow. Brett plays her role decent enough considering the script and the campy story. The cast is huge and no one stands out particularly in its performance unless it is on the downside like the very terrible performance of Victor Pedershenko, who appears to be walking through several different names in the film, boasting an awful tone that is truly wonderful and wicked. <br /> <br /> I honestly tried to get into the mystery and film and watch it closely, but there was no reason because it was all a mix of silly conspiracy and free sex games including a ridiculously hilarious scene. Where Lundgren goes under the cover and is upside down almost upside down. To explain how this elegant and wonderful film (sarcastic ... ridicule) is the back of the DVD I picked up (it was already cheap) Lundgren's character was listed in the Murray Wilson list (not the name of his character in the film). While Lundgren somehow managed to be perfect, the film falls on his face as he tries to be serious. If we take into account that the filmmaker Anthony Hickox is notorious because of the real B-Movie Horror movies it makes sense though I think he was really trying to be serious. Hard core worship will have to Lundgren lovers see it ... no one else should ... definitely for any kind of mystery or suspense. 10/03
