This is one of those movies where people say "It's a great idea!" About the worst thoughts I have ever heard. Then they act on it. I love that. This is the most entertaining picture of any three projects for Seth Rogen. Well, so is SHOAH. <br /> <br /> Gojira films have begun to break up their original stories since the 1960s, but this story goes beyond that. What can you say about a culture that wants to rape its sacred cultural icons in order to get a quick boost? This farce presents a World War II suicide bomber on the "Last Marshall Islands" that supplies weapons to a dinosaur chasing the US Marine Corps away. Then the Japanese inexplicably decided not to fight until the last man, and to give up the land that was annexed on their behalf by this giant lizard. They retreat to the mainland, where one becomes a businessman. <br /> <br /> Then it becomes complicated. <br /> <br /> The blond men of the future, distressed by the chronic non-treatment of male pattern baldness, have counted in time for some sort of flying dish to ask a failed and psychologically famous writer to help them eliminate Godzilla before he destroys Japan. "Help" is questionable, since all the citizens of 1992 are going back to 1944 to watch some CCTV, but, hey, they've filmed the script. You might think that by the 1990s the Japanese knew better than to trust people in space ships. Fortunately for Nippon, the white men - you can say they are Americans because they say they are "their ancestors" - made a mistake in returning the Japanese girl she left in the future. In an impressive display of ancestral worship, she surpassed her hypocrisy after wearing an air-conditioned flight suit taped to the Sailor Moon backpack. It turns out that these time-disabled Caucasians are jealous of Japan's imminent imperialist economic takeover of the well-known world (in the twenty-second century Japan will buy Africa, which seems more like a liability than an asset). These blondes in padded chintz suits with non-functional straps and trailing zippers want to replace Godzilla with King Ghidorah, who will destroy all Japan except Tokyo. It is a strange option, but it is known that Tohu no longer needs to build the Tokyo skyline again. <br /> <br /> Certainly we got an alternative view from Fukuoka (My Garden City) and some other urban areas that were not damaged by rubber, which are wasted by Mittal Flake Gold 1/3 of Hydra. In a sudden revelation, we learned that King Gidora was created from some handmade dolls that were left for a long time in the microwave. Godzilla is also taking part in the demolition as the film ends. Wait - did not the blondes destroy the spaceship already Gdzilla? Yes, they were killed in a third reel. But no one expects the Japanese to have a secret submarine filled with nuclear missiles in 1992 - "ha ha, do not worry, we do not keep it in Japanese waters" - through which a new godzilla jumps from ancient dinosaur bones. They just do not have to, because the sinking of an old nuclear ship has made Godzilla whole again. Oh, Godzilla finally arrived in Tokyo, where he reunited with his old colleague at a critical moment of confessing tears. They look at each other's eyes, and Godzilla says as if to say, "She has a man." Poke gestures in understanding. Then Godzilla detonated it. <br /> <br /> I would also like to mention here that in order to prevent the renewed anger of Godzilla from achieving his destiny and destroying Japan, the Japanese girl of the future is returning to the future to seek help from - yes - a bald white man. Perhaps because he regrets it as a single Asian man of the 23rd century, agrees to build Mika Guidora and send back to the nineties, so that these two giant monsters together achieve the fate of Godzilla and destroy Japan. In a remarkable reference to the well-known leather heads, the girl who is experiencing Mika Guidora is having trouble controlling the joystick. <br /> <br /> The design of this Godzilla suit owes much to the sumo - his thighs are flabby enough to double Rush Limbaugh, and his belly and chest are thick and optimistic. But there are more explosive building materials in this picture than most of his adventures, which make up a lot. It also includes a man like passer-by Robert Patrick playing a deadly robot. Yes, in the future, even robots will contain bald spots. As well as Megumi Odaka, who embodies her role as a Mickey, the only Japanese girl born with two ears bigger than her name in Disney and the acting style is even bigger. It's not her fault: Many Japanese directors seem to feel that the 70-foot screen is not big enough to show a human face emotion. I did some acting for Japanese TV, and I can tell you, they're pushing you into it. They seem to be urging their book the same way. Thank God.
