The premise of the two circle is an interesting one. Forbidden love between Ashley (Richard Burton), 60, and 15-year-old Sarah Norton (Tatum O'Neill); and whether this relationship is acceptable in terms of community standards. The problem with a circle of two, however, is that he failed to fulfill her promise. Directors Jules Dasin and Hiddley had to put more thought into the scenario. When I watched this movie, I expected to learn something new about love and sex. Instead, I got a boring dialogue, a senseless lecture about art, and picnics that Sarah seemed to enjoy far from Ashley, and a scene so wrong that his emotional impact was lost. This scenario makes good actors look bad. So one can imagine how the film's problems were further compounded by the amateur cast of actors Djul Dassin. Tatum O'Neill was not in her element. I did not believe for a second that her character Sarah was in love with Ashley. She looked superficial, like a contestant in a beauty contest. It was as if she had forced herself to be happy, when the text asked her to be happy, and to be sad, when the text asked her to be sad. The only scene I liked was in the end when she said nothing at all. Perhaps those were the closest to Sarah Norton, Tatum. But Tatum was not the only person wrong. Ashley lacked Richard Burton's charm, charisma and complexity to attract women even at his age, let alone a fifteen-year-old. The rest of the cast was also depressing. So that their argument was not convincing, because they waited for rotation. Who does it? Perhaps Michael Wincott as his ex-jealous friend Paul was the best thing in this film, but his role was small. To be fair to the actors, the direction of Dasin disappoints everyone; but it is also true that the wonderful film goes beyond the script. Kubrick did Lolita with James Mason and Sue Leon. Runaway train Konshawski passed the scenario with John Voight and Eric Roberts who were condemned. The directors of these films also knew how to use music to direct their films and reveal something about the characters in them. Despite their own grades (a combination of Antonio Vivaldi, Carl and Bernard Hoover), Circle of To does not succeed in doing so. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, the idea of ​​a forbidden love story between an elderly painter and a good teen girl, but its implementation in the Circle of To is terrible. In many ways, is it a shame that Lolita's story is controversial? Which is favored by most film directors for understandable reasons? He did not receive a more intelligent treatment; he did not write the script that the actors had been gladly trained; that the actors, who were committed on their part or had the talent to make their characters real, could not be found; and that director Jules Dassin (who was much better at Films like Revivi and Topkapi) did not have to put his foot down and said, "Before we do any filming, we have to rethink the story of love and renew the script." The only silver lining is that one day a clever film about a great painter and a teenage girl Fall in love. If such a film appeared at any time, it would certainly be a spark of debate, debate and questions for many years to come.
