This is the question you should ask yourself when watching this movie "What is the point?" It was only an hour and a half of jamming with totally undesirable people (they would not use the active word) and the text you could say was nonexistent. <br /> <br /> One of the things that made me laugh more about this film is how it said "a Victorian story written" which means there was already a text for this part of the story. The whole Victorian section did not receive any dialogue, and consisted only of footage of a man staring at a girl and vice versa. Make this part of the movie as written as a camera left at the train station. <br /> <br /> Well, it's time for the story. It starts with a man sitting on a chair that never comes out. Hey obstruction, who needs you? These journalists come to his house and ask him practically to tell this story about these deceased girls. So the story begins in the Victorian era. Here's how the scene goes (the guy and the girl are in the field, the beautiful music begins to play) (the guy gazes at the girl) (the girl stares at the guy) (the guy gazes at the girl) back to the movie. All this happens pretty much for about half the film. <br /> <br /> The rest of the film is a very difficult dialogue about a set of models that want to buy an apartment. So this real estate agent shows them one and when I say that the dialogue is awkward means that if she were a dancer he would travel through Makrina. None of the characters in this movie are loved. The models are incredibly troublesome, nor do Victorian people speak, and the person who tells the story has a personal bag of onions. So in the end all the girls are killed. Killed by, means drugs out the screen. Oh. Have you shown one death? By death, I mean, I grabbed her face until they put the makeup of the blood? Wonderful. <br /> <br /> How does this man know this story so that it puzzles me. He says that because he saw it. but how? There was no man in that apartment! The door was closed without any exit, and the windows were attached with a fire from the fire. It was very rotten, and how did all this see hell? Oh plot holes. We love you so the film ends by saying, "I think you're finished, you're wasting our time" even though she begged him to interview in the first place. whatever. This film was stupid, meaningless, and had no meaning with a lot of holes in the plot. I can continue this film and I still, but I do not see the need. I'll spend my time doing something useful. Like a widdle thing. Hell's Threshold belongs to the disinfectant with two mute models. Out of 10.
