"Floored by Love" is watching almost one idea right away, "My God, this is a very bad comedy." Sure, it turned out that FBL is a pioneer of a chain that may start this fall in Canada, Canada and poor poor. <br /> <br /> Kara (Shirley Ng) and Janet (Natalie Sky) are gay couples living in Vancouver. Janet has already gone to her mother but Kara's parents are still in the dark about their daughter's homosexuality. She is pressed herself even if the parents come from Malaysia to attend the wedding of her younger brother. In the same week, British Columbia is enacting gay marriage legislation. With Janet's desire to get married, Kara has to decide whether to tell her conservative Chinese parents that she is an anomaly or not. is she? she said she? can you? Kara's position contrasts with Jesse (Trent Millar). Jesse just announced the homosexuality of the world at the age of fourteen. His biological father Daniel (Andrew McElroy) is on a visit soon. His mother's husband Norman (Michael Robinson) fears that his chances of being finally accepted by Jesse are damaged by the fact that Daniel is gay and he is not. Will it help with 1-800-Makeover? <br /> <br /> Dialogue and delivery come directly from a program less than the 1950s, along with excessive physical emotion. Full House melodrama is enough to make you flutter from time to time, and comedy attempts largely fail. McIlroy and Millar & Sky are the only actors who come close to the efficiency of this erroneous account, but given the material they have to work with, it is not surprising that none of them are impressed. Intense enthusiasm can be purposeful. There often seems to be no way for the performers to really do that badly, and they should try to imitate bad sitcoms in the past few days. If this is already the case, this review is likely to be rewritten. The rewriting will focus on Floored by Love because it is poor and ineffective from old comedies. <br /> <br /> The writer / director Desiree Lim has compiled awesome festivals completely forgotten. There was a time when just having a sex hero like me was public enough to make a mark on the screen. This time went. On this day we need quality as well.
