I sat in this movie and I expect an interesting film. Instead, some of the less thought-provoking and imaginative arguments were given. For example, in an attempt to prove that Christianity is inherently violent, the narrator quotes the Bible continually without giving context, thus changing the meaning of the text. Quotes from Jesus that he ordered the execution of those who disobey Him, whereas in fact, the quote is from a story that Jesus said, and relates to a king who was then quoted. So the narrator makes it seem as though Jesus is saying one thing when he actually tells us a story told by one of his characters. This is dishonesty in a very clear form. Is this really what atheism has to offer the world? This film also attempts to use the success of Jesus' Passion to Jesus Christ: the Last Star and the temptation of Christ as evidence that Christians are bloodthirsty. Did not refer to the fact that passion was the most historically accurate biblical film yet. He did not refer to the fact that he was actually better than the critics of the handful liked. Then Yun in a series of violent images of passion as if to touch his home view. Ironically, he did not refer to the Texas Massacre massacre that came out a few months later and play violence for entertainment, in return for the tragic impact. <br /> <br /> One of the things that really bothered me is to mock people who really know. More on the subject than he did. All the Christians he met were ordinary defenders in the parking lot of the Billy Graham Crusade campaign in New York. The atheists interviewed in the film were prominent authors and scientists. Christians asked how the Christian movement began, and of course, they said it began with the arrival of the Holy Spirit to the disciples on Pentecost. It is correct (Acts 2). Then he gives the comment, "Is not it funny how a few Christians seem to know the origins of their faith?" He continues to explain that the Apostle Paul began Christianity after he stopped on the way to Damascus. The poor chapter seems convinced that the Acts of the Apostles 9 occur before the Acts of the Apostles 2. More deception? Or is this just ignorance? It is about nonsense that Paul did not believe that Jesus was a real person. are you kidding me? 1 Corinthians 15 describes the death and resurrection of Jesus by people (whom Paul mentioned in the passage) to ask Corinthians if they were in doubt! <br /> <br /> There are many other examples of how full the waste is. This "documentary" is. But because I do not have the time or the patience to go to them all, I will go straight to the end. It is clear throughout the film that the narrator has a passionate vendetta against his upbringing in the church. A peak meeting is the principle of his childhood! In a final attempt to refute the Christian faith, the narrator attempts to deceive a person who has arrested him as a child. Is this an intellectual documentary film of the atheist society? Surely there are clever atheist directors there who can produce a documentary that does not represent a burden of complete waste that has been described as "facts."
