First let me remind you that I do not believe in God (if you want to use the word atheist, well, but I do not like this word because it describes what I am not, not what I am) but I hated this "documentary." The production values ​​were close to non-existent, the hypothesis was very shaky and the whole thing seemed like an exercise in the safety of Brian Fleming. <br /> <br /> The production values ​​were terrible and Brian Fleming is obviously an amateur manager at best. The narration seemed like a film just shot in one shot, and did not train at all. There was a way to pause and pause when he had to talk in the film. The animation was also very bad. <br /> <br /> Historians and biblical scholars have not taken the idea that Jesus is a mythical figure. As I mentioned earlier, I do not believe in God, nor do I think that Jesus, whether a real man or not, does not say anything about the existence of God. From my personal point of view, Jesus may have been a real man, but he lived at a time when many worshipers (see Apollonius Tiana) and his life stories and preaching were missed in proportion to his death. According to the Wikipedia article on the history of Jesus (a good quote for this is garbage), "almost all scientists agree in the fields of Bible studies and history that Jesus was a Jewish teacher from Galilee and was considered a healer, baptized by John the Baptist, accused of inciting sedition against The Roman Empire, on the orders of Roman ruler Pontius Pilate, was sentenced to death by crucifixion. [1] "I was left wondering at the end of the documentary whether this was more about the insecurity of the filmmaker than anything else. I have left wondering if he is trying to convince himself more than anyone else. The most striking example of this is his final interview with the headmaster of the religious school. He is not so shy about it. The way the teacher strikes is unfair. While I agree with the director in part, teaching children about Hellfire is bad. The way Flemming confronted the director was embarrassing to see. Flemming had the opportunity to have a good discussion, if he was more tactful in his interview. Instead, it explodes violently. "It's not bad for children to teach these things." The man shortens the interview and I mean what he expected, the director says, "Oh yes, I see her, I saw the light, will this be a secular school now?" Fleming seems to be retaliating for what he feels was a mistake he made in his childhood. It's not about documentary, it's about Flemming's insecurity, and it has nothing to do with the supposed subject matter of the documentary. Fleming explains what he is really doing here, and this is the true fall of this alleged documentary.
