It's not as if I have very large memories of the original movie Verhoeven - it always surprised me as a brilliant and well-made filmmaker. Exciting, sexy litter, but trash though. It was also a film that was exploited in the spirit of the sexual age. After a decade of hysteria caused by anti-sex AIDS, a film about sexual sexual botobotism that kills with excitement to increase his sexual happiness was very attractive. Basic Instinct 2 was always striving to provide the same social and immediate importance, so the fact that it was desperate attempts of laughter could not be overlooked. All it really had to do was the thin crust of the tickle and a fairly attractive story, all of which could be seen. It's an amazing failure on many levels, and in this way to be rarely professionally to all concerned, it is really unusual to watch it. To remember what is obvious for starters - Sharon Stone is very old for a part of the sexual magnet Catherine Tramel. What is so light through the Verhoeven lens looks like sheepskin in the hands of Michael Katon-Jones, who has flat colors, soft colors and still camera, makes her undeniable beauty the subject of debate. I like Sharon Stone a lot, but if the first movie starts its career, BI2 might kill it. She has no chemistry with the stuffed shirt David Morisi - their only sexual spectacle is very embarrassing. A mummy boy with a special dough face made me yearn for the amazing make-up of Michael Douglas. The support of David Thoelis and Charlotte Rampling misses these good actors in the disturbing scenes and heavy vulgarity. What about the sexual hooligans that many call them? Poor lighting, quick glimpses, such as the mainstream of desperate housewives - the European sensibilities that Verhoeven brought to the sexual content of the first film were badly missed. Do not watch this movie in search of physical excitement - nothing is tragic. The film, as a whole, is complicated to the point of total confusion, boring and funny. Another 40 minutes in particular, where I came to the realization that the film, in fact, would not go anywhere that was of interest at all, is very cumbersome and equally fun. As a failed sequel, Basic Instinct 2 will come to a similar movie ground like Exorcist 2 The Heretic and Beyond The Poseidon Adventure and XXX2. As a vanity project, it competes with Battlefield Earth in its erroneous concept. As a piece of Hollywood movies worth millions of dollars, it is a farce that will be difficult to lead the worst years.
