One of the most common rentals in my local video store is not Porat or the Departures, but a 2005 documentary on Jesus Christ titled "God Who Was not There" by Brian Fleming, a former Christian fundamentalist. In his 62-minute documentary, Fleming confirms that Jesus was not a historical figure but a legend based only on pagan traditions. Using interviews with authors, philosophers and historians to expose the old Christian belief that Jesus, the Son of God, lived among human beings, was crucified and revived, Fleming compares the story of Christ with the stories of the cult figures of Isis and Osiris in Egypt, Dionysus and Adonis in Greek mythology, and Roman mystery like Mithraism Lots of surprising similarities. <br /> <br /> In addition to his evidence of pagan rites, it is also mentioned that the first sources of the story of Christ, the four Gospels, were written forty or fifty years after the date given to the crucifixion of Jesus, and that St. Paul's letters show little evidence that Jesus is flesh and blood. Still, Fleming did not, unfortunately, conduct a strong investigation into the reality of Jesus' life, but used it only as a starting point for a full throttle attack on Christianity and all religions. Most interviews with those who are philosophically aligned with the director including atheists advertisers such as biologist Richard Dawkins and author Sam Price. The only Christians interviewed were those on the sidelines of Scott Butcher, creator of Rapture Letters.com, and Ronald Sibus, principal of the Christian fundamentalist village school, attended by Fleming Kfty. <br /> <br /> Like Michael Moore's interview with Charlton Houston in bowling for Columbine, his talk with Cebus is so controversial that Sibus comes out of the middle. In a cynical tone, Fleming tells us how wrong Christianity is about the sun around the earth, and then refers to atrocities committed in the name of Christianity, such as those committed by community leader Charles Manson, who killed 11 people and Diane Schlosser, who cut off the baby's arm off God. He also quotes from a book by Hee and Jenkins that Christians "look forward to the day when all non-Christians are thrown out of the fire, crying and shouting." For a further coup against Christianity, Fleming shows us an extended boycott of Mel Gibson's "The Passion of the Christ," which details in detail every scene of violence and torture. What could have been a serious discussion about a very interesting subject eventually becomes a childish and controversial mischief against all religions. In the process of condemning those who used Christianity to commit indescribable acts, he ignores people such as socialist Muriel Leicester, a well-known Christian advocate, Rigoberta Menchu ​​Tom, a Guatemalan Mayan who helped establish revolutionary Christians and won the Nobel Peace Prize in recognition of her work for justice Social and Mother Teresa, whose work was about respecting the value and dignity of each individual. <br /> <br /> His most obvious argument is to compare Christian doctrine with pagan rites and make some good points. However, Flemming does not tell us that while some aspects of these rituals may resemble Christian dogmas, there are no texts or source materials for this ritual Before 300 AD, after a long period of the New Testament. It is also important to note one big difference. The immediate goal of the beginner was a mystical experience that led them to feel that they had unionized with their God. This is the curse of Christianity which believes that the hierarchy of the church including pastors and bishops along the way until the pope is required to interpret the will of God for mankind. <br /> <br /> Although I am not a Christian and I have some doubts about whether Jesus Christ is really a historical figure or not, the fact is that in the long scheme of things, it may not matter. What matters is that a message has been delivered to mankind and spread all over the world that have contributed to the evolution of human spirituality. Regardless of the distortions and crimes committed later in her name and there was much, Christianity was conceived as a doctrine of sympathy and love, a moral and moral code reinforced by the respect of our fellow man. <br /> <br /> I salute the fact that the film has been produced and that a taboo subject has been discussed. What is most needed is not another divisive attempt to use religion as a battlefield, but to see it as a common thread that can unite the peoples of the world. While there is room for discussion and dialogue on religious topics, as Annie Bezant puts it, "Spiritual realities are seen in an atmosphere of mutual brotherhood and respect." God, who was not recommended only to those whose ideas were not mentioned about the proper time is the rubbish of the religion of others.
