Italian-born Eleonora inherited her beloved Carl, a very modern and isolated house in the middle of the forest. It's the winter and she meets with the temporary lady Leslie, who ends up not only caring for the house, but also at Elonora's house, trying to adapt to her new surroundings and a growing attraction between the couple. <br /> What would you expect? The film is already sexy, but it is not. This is just an ad on the package lea! I'm very puzzled about everything. Title, story and motivation. How to classify it? Well, this wooden drama is a mysterious romantic romance story associated with isolation, possession and dependence on the complex relationship of two masked people. The co-writer (alongside William Duffo) and the film by director Gida Collagrande is a very clinical and far-fetched film with a mysterious metaphor, which makes you wonder what all this really means? Although its sudden end is coming true, you will think about why I should really care. What we are experiencing is a goalless feeling through a massive display of dead air that focuses on details and tiny images. Sterile dialogues can contribute to many embarrassing developments, but more so make a pilot experience, because they do not dive deep enough. Like it thinks he does. Sexually filtered saline activities are never convincing and are far from exciting. It's kind of a bump in the slow flow already. The rule of conspiracy makes something exciting and new, but it never meets, and I thought there would be more for all of that after that. The direction of Colagrande is professionally stylish and very grim to want to imagine, but everything looks like a slow movement and can be filled with admiration with the same views. Most work stays in one place? Home. The camera's work is tight, but the odd musical result can be a little silly when it comes to some provocative musical appeal that serves little sense and purpose to the viewer. Gida Colgrand plays sensationally and William Duffo sleeps his turn. The dog looks tired! While Seymour Cassell, fixing his head from time to time. <br /> <br /> Just where to go, is guessing one. Well, that's if you can wait. I think I will give it the benefit of doubt, because it certainly is not what I expected from this Indie movie.
