I respect Alex Cox director, I really do. He is like a child in school who initially thinks he is trying to be a bit different. He is a literary punk who has dipped more than his feet in Western spaghetti, science fiction, Margin culture and went out into the world ready to catch ... but then you see what he can do Indeed, talented art, frantic art and moments of real silly aura are capable of him, and you are willing to see all he has to offer. But there are two sides to a coin like him: he can either get it out of the garden (Ribo Man, Sir & Nancy, Walker can be said) or just try too hard and pull a lot of bunny rabbits out of the hat (to hell straight). Death and compass fall into the latter category, and while respecting its original approach (often) to address the story of the mabahith's assassin, it also falls on its face and its strangeness becomes strangely dull. <br /> <br /> He has an odd enough style and a non-follow-up style to follow: the detective, Eric Lunot, is after a killer with the sound of hell, red fire (something), and the killer seems to leave worrying evidence with his victims: Blood-stained walls are letters, according to eyewitness Alonso Zunes (Christopher Ecclestone looks like he came out of Chalo Graf without changing his appearance) has religious significance in Kabbalah. We follow Lonnrot in his case, his methods of stalking the beggar, which initially include a triangular pattern and then a compass on the map - this despite the protests Commissioner Predator Treviranus (Miguel Sandoval), who also appears again quickly forward sitting On an office and speaks to the public with distorted but sad descriptions of his former employee and colleague after the truth of the case. <br /> <br /> Oh, Cox enjoys moments of creativity and interest. , Such as the shot where we see the full scale of the dreadful depths of the police station where Ecclestone is picked up with cuffs ("in order to protect him," says Lunroot in case of loss in the wrong room), followed by a long tracking shot - perhaps the best or the most curious - Through the corridors are very dark with very little direction and we lost in the maze of turns and anomalies between characters. It is not something wonderful at all * to be seen, with Miguel Garzon filming a satisfying delight. But this conspiracy passes through the hanging hoops to keep things out of the ordinary, as they may be homogeneous. The performances, except for the confident Boyle and Ecclestone in the end, are very bad, especially the Sandoval who seems to be squeezing in his seat and reading a witty dialog box that he gave to speak in attendance. <br /> <br /> While the murder plot itself contains the intention of the public that this is not something we have seen before, it is in a society with a large number of hooligans and architecture suggesting the following worn-out Alphaville wave, but they fade very quickly . What is the conflict here? I was never engaged in the personal task of Boyle to find this killer, and I dealt with him only slightly in a few flashes of mutilated scenes of the murderer (and / or killers) chasing people like them in the building early (Cox himself had an amusing veil). And just when I started thinking it was leading to something spectacular, with the building of Boyle and Ecclestone in that big building ("not the size of your thinking") in the southern part of the city, it suddenly gives us a "twist" we know that at the back of our minds is coming but hope is not As well, emptying of any mystery of the mystery that preceded it. Despite all that Cox is curious about as a filmmaker, all his opposition to feeding the audience in a "traditional" way, which I respect, death and compass ultimately cut the brain stem; it's masturbation.
