The name Uwe Boll is automatically associated with bad cinema horror / worship and every new movie it releases? Which is about two and three per year? Immediately he always receives negative ratings and harsh criticisms. I was actually almost inclined to believe that this was just a contemporary noise. As you know, it is common to hate Uwe Boll whether you like his movies or not. Let me assure you that this is not the case. Uwe Boll is a horrifying writer / horrific and quite frankly a threat to the entire film industry. "Seed" is another unfortunate more than proof. Here, Boll tries hard to come across as controversial and so shocking that he ignores many other elements that any film needs in the first place, such as plot, narrative structure, character development, tension building? "Seed" is a grotesque film, full of unexplained filth and inefficient filling footage. I once read that "Seed" was the interpretation of Uwe Boll's trend of popular horror nowadays to the torture tactics of Torture Porn, but this is not so close. The film does not borrow some of the effects from "Saw" and "Hostel", but it's basically just a dull mute slant with a killer that does not destroy and violent video games. <br /> <br /> The first 45 minutes of "Seed" go beyond boring and in fact confirm all the obvious things you know will actually happen. You see, Paul was stupid enough to start his film with a very fast pass text that showed that there is a federal law that states that prisoners on death row should be released if three attempts to electrocute them. You know that this will happen later, but the first three quarters of the capture of a serial killer are still wasted and taken to the electric chair. The seed is a serial killer mute slaughter 666 victim (too much exaggerated) wearing a bag over his head. He watches footage of cruelty to animals in real life (and thus we see footage of cruelty to animals in real life; thank Mr. Paul) and depicts people slowly dissolving in their captivity (including a really sick and really sick child). When he is finally arrested, during the search for the most precarious and unreasonable police ever, he is put on death row, the film becomes more delayed. After being buried alive because the electric seat is unable to catch up, Max Seed crawls back to the surface and continues a new wave of murder; this time it focuses mainly on the people who arrested him and executed him. <br /> <br /> The irrational plot and the total lack of depth of the story turn into what is bad; they provoke anger and insult the intelligence of the fanatic of the medium horror film. It is impossible to accept multiple vicissitudes and sub-plot in the "seeds" by the human mind which works in a reasonable manner because it is so stupid! No one believes that the police and prison workers will bury a mere mass murderer alive without firing a few bullets in the head first. No one will accept that he can not find a convicted fugitive for another six months even though he has returned directly to the exact place where he was caught first! The "seeds" are full of such small backward things as the film gets the dumbest with every passing minute. Personally, I refuse to admit that the team members and staff did not notice this either. It really makes you think that Uwe Boll simply neglects all the tips and criticism, and unleashes his movies the way he wants. I imagine shouting things like "Shut up and do what you're told" to his representatives whenever they notice that the scene they're calling is meaningless. <br /> <br /> Just for the annoying fun of people, there is a very long sequence where Max Seed breaks an old lady to death with a hammer while tying her to a chair in the middle of her living room. Rather than shock, as Paul wanted to be, this sequence brilliantly embodies how pathetic and controversial the entire film actually is. "Seeds" is horrible, it's disgusting, it's pathetic, it ?? Paul.
