"The National Treasure" (2004) is a collection of completely misleading interference from the entanglement of the plot that borrows from everything that is written the author of the mantle and dagger has been written at all. The film tells the role of Nicholas Cage in the role of Benjamin Franklin Gates (how important is it, I ask you?); Apparently a natural fellow, and for no other reason than being a descendant of misguided misguided wealth hunters, decides to steal the "national treasure" By the founding fathers of the United States. After a little sub-text and background that plays in a funny (unintentionally) way like an Indiana Jones interview with The Patriot, the movie turns into a mischievous whim after the other? Trying to create a "goodspeed Stanley" bounce for Nicholas Cage and unleash the whole mess forward with a series of high octane, but with misfortune. Of the patriots who bury the ransom of the king somewhere on their land of origin, and then, by moving forward with a careful plan to leave the clues scattered in all works of art in American currency, something director John Turtilop could not explain at all. Can not Washington find better use of such wealth at the beginning of the country? Thus, we have left a mystery based on mysteries that already exist on shaky ground by the time that Ben himself appoints the new guardian over this unspeakable wealth. The intentions of Ben Nabila ?? If confusing. I put on the treasure protection. For whom and when to guess you well like me. <br /> <br /> But there are some problems in the campaign of Ben Sulaibiya. First, his friend Ian Holmes (Sean Penn) decides that he can not wait for Ben to decide his opinion on the theft of the Declaration of Independence from the National Archives (Oh, yes, a great idea!). It is assumed that the back of that famous document holds the secret answer to absolute wealth. So Ian tries to kill Ben. The assassination attempt, of course, is unsuccessful, if it is excessively melodramatic. It also provides Ben with the opportunity to capture and evaluate the treasurer of the archive, Abigail Chase (Diane Kruger). She thinks that Ben obviously walnut ?? At least initially. But according to the style of movement / romance, Abby melts faster than you can say, "Is this Hope Hope?" The film goes into full X-File-ish mode, where the FBI mistakenly believes that Ben is behind the robbery, avenging in various virtuous ways leading to multilayered sequences of events that remind us of Mission Impossible and meet the fugitive. Frankly, do not these men get "intelligence" information right at all? In the final analysis, "National Treasure" is not a fantastic film industry, as much as it is reworking a mixture of tired old pieces of other films, woven together from scraps, which would make IL 'Betsy Ross Blush. <br /> <br /> Buena Vista DVDs offer a more generous treatment than the movie deserves. Wide picture distorted optical image shows very smooth and finely detailed with very rich colors, natural flesh tones, solid blacks and clean eggs. The polished image is also free of impurities and digital enhancements. The sound is 5.1 and provides a nice sound boom to the side and side speakers in a very intense and realistic way. Additions include a range of promotional material that is fairly deep and leads to an explanation of how the film is made and why. If so, as a public, we have further clarification on why Ben & Co. is involved. They were chasing after a fake treasure, and this might be a good one flick. The additions ended with a play trailer, an audio commentary and deleted scenes. Not for faint hearts? Just thick head.
