I watched this movie last night on a pay-per-view channel, and as I watched it I quickly wondered why I was upset. Honestly, I expected nothing more from this film. Perhaps something similar to "conspiracy theory". why? Probably because of casting. I mean, Nicholas Cage and Harvey Keitel, after all. Not to mention John Voight and Christopher Plummer. Now I wonder, why are they bothering? But instead of the mysterious drama of the vice president, I acquired a little naivety in the film "The Goonies", which struck me as a big surprise that he got some real cash praise. This may be because "Goonies" was clearly aimed at pre-teen audiences and teenagers. While the National Treasure, based on previous reviews, was seriously aimed at attracting an adult audience. <br /> <br /> Commenting on kufr is one thing. This is how one can enjoy science fiction and horror. But I found myself actually resisting spoons of paranoid spoons and full of the plot that is being pushed to the public. Oh, the scriptwriter gave up all the terms meant to evoke a serious sense of wonder. "FW! The builders, the Knights of the Temple, you know, this can be really true!" I think the writer really lost me when Gates said that the founding fathers hid the treasure to keep it out of British hands! And only did you come to the Templars? New Jersey? Oh, I forgot. from France! Which went a long way to explain how it ended in Philadelphia during the revolution. He was brought there by Napoleon's agents! Anyway, you see what I get. The premise of the film is interesting. I really believe that it could have worked as a serious mystery drama. But it only comes when another kid shakes his clothes. In the end, I think he asks the public not only to suspend the belief but to make himself unintentionally ignorant to the point of insulting. <br /> <br /> I've just finished viewing many items by Werner Herzog and Istvan Szabo. From shock switching from eating good food to Hollywood Big Mac and French fries. <br /> <br /> Well, okay. If you chase chases and explosions and simulate 'gee-whiz' you will enjoy 'National Treasure'. But this is the movie genre, well, have you ever stood outside the cinema waiting to enter while the audience exits? All the young children talk enthusiastically among themselves and say things like "Wow! Did you see how this thing exploded? That was so wonderful!" "National Treasure" is this kind of movies.
