John Carpenter's career has ended if this sad excuse for a film shows that. His excuse is that he produced it only. John Bon Jovi looks like a girl. In fact, Bon Jovi and two girls Vampire, Natasha Wagner and Arly Jover, may all be in the same clothes. In short, it was hard to tell anyone was nice in the kind of ramp for appetites. Bon Jovi has more charisma. At least he looks happy when he smiles. On the other hand, the girl vampires are convulsions and complaints. At some point, they were about to give each other a wet kiss, but they stopped. Amazing how each film of a vampire has a set of morays for the vampire involved. At some point, Arly Jover introduces the tongue to a very stupid vampire hunter and then snaps his blood while having sex. It would have been an exciting moment except that it was filmed as a complete insect, and the male actor seemed mildly amused as he watched Arly Jover move her head to mimic something that was not happening clearly. As far as the tumor is concerned, some heads are ruptured, and the blood flows profusely. These scenes have little suspense or cumulation, so their occurrence is almost laughable, and there is no profit from the "scene". All you get as a member of the audience is feeling "Wow, of course there was a lot of red paint scattering on the walls ... I wonder who cleaned it." During the film, those hunters trying to kill Arly Jover (the world's top vampire) continue to communicate with her. At some point, Bon Goffy goes to the deserted church and after he shoots him with arrows (and he does it on other occasions), he says, "I'm not trying to hurt you, I just want to talk to you. HUH ?? Of course, the stupid vampire Arly comes out to say hello and Bon Jovi pasted it back with another scary device. "Why can not we be friends?" Was the song "WAR", which was successful in the seventies of the last century is the main song of this film. Apart from all the silly moments, there is blood transfusion sequence when Natalia Wagner has removed all her blood from the vampire, and all the city's residents line up to donate blood for her blood transfusion. I think blood type is not important? Anyway, all her blood is removed from the vampire. Bon Jovi then decides that if the blood is transferred to him, he can overcome Arly by becoming a vampire as well. Of course, since the blood of blood is dyed by him, none of his healthy blood is removed. It is clear that Bon Jovi is walking around with more than twice the blood of any human being in his body. Like the first vampires, this device also has a special influence in the vampire explosion.
