Live Feed is set in some unnamed Chinese / Japanese regions where five American friends Sarah (Ashley Shapert), Emily (Tailela Markell), Linda (Caroline Chugnacki), Mike (Lee Tishon), Darren (Rob Skatrodgood) Night in the city taking the sights. After a fight at the bar with the Japanese team leader Triad (Steven Chang) they decided to check out the porn theater, as they do. It was soon discovered that the place belongs to the president of Triad, who uses it to torture and kill people for unclear reasons. Can a local boy Miles (Kevan Otsegi) save them? <br /> <br /> This Canadian product was co-produced and produced by Ryan Nicholson, who also earned a synthetic effects designer credit. You have to say that Live is another low-budget film, Feed, Only exists to take advantage of his fame and success at Hostel (2005) and the mini-craze for "porn porn" because he became known. According to the "Trivia" section of the IMDb writer and director of Live Feed, Nicholson wrote this after hearing about some of the activities that take place in live sex theaters, for my money, I think it was written after watching Hostel! The script is fairly lame, there is no primary reason why this porn theater has a big ugly freak dressed in bondage that revolves around torturing and killing people, nothing. Was it for the triads? Was it for his happiness? Did you have to produce snuff movies for sale? There was a kind of explanation that was nice. Also why did he run Traad in the end? If you are looking for a movie with a coherent story, forget the live broadcast. It seems to me somewhat of a confused mix misunderstood by sex, S & M, horror, torture, thriller and motion movies that do not bear fruit. I mean just that putting a horror film in a porn theater will not make your movie good automatically, there still needs to be a decent script and story, right? The character was rather poor cliches, and some of their actions and motivations were more than a little doubtful. It moves at a rapid pace, it is a rather abnormal mix, sex and nudity, but it seems cheap and reduces the effect. <br /> <br /> Nicholson does not do anything special here, the editing is choppy & it's annoying, and he seems to think that lighting almost every scene with neon lights is a good idea and the film has a cheap look at it. Available in both versions 'R' and 'Unclassified' I saw the short version 'R' which was not in this real shape but I am willing to give the dubious advantage of the 'unclassified' version and I say it may be much more, but I can not say for sure . There is a fair amount of nudity also if this is your thing. I would not say that there are too many ambiences or many concerns here because there is not & not a row although it has a generally poor tone and something is happening for it. <br /> <br /> Technically, direct nutrition is not terribly impressive, as the blood seems too watery for me and the entire audience bathed in annoying neon lights sometimes makes it hard to know what is happening. Sometimes like a camera has been filmed at the recorded and intermittent editing at least in the "R" version of the codified is sometimes an annoying mess. The site was shot at an actual porn theater somewhere in Vancouver, Canada. The acting is weak, and sometimes I can not tell if the actresses are supposed to cry in this movie or laugh ... <br /> <br /> Live Feed is not a movie I recommend to anyone rushing and buying or renting, I did not think much of So it's a story with a very weak predictable unpredictable showroom that does not go anywhere, has poor representation and is less than impressive richness (at least rated "R" in any case). Watch Hostel movies again or alternatively because they are superior.
