First of all, the actor who must play Jesus has blue eyes ... Half of the actors who play Jews have blue eyes. Are not there enough brown-eyed actors out there? Jesus, depicted as blue-eyed, is one of the pet's whites. He was a full-blooded Jew! Second, what are the old films that are supposed to occur in non-English speaking countries, and each person has English dialects? (Another example is "Dr. Zhivago" by David Lin). Are not there enough Jewish representatives or representatives who can speak Israeli? The film is often incorrect for the Bible, and it seems to doubt the legitimacy of Jesus' claim to be Christ. In the Bible, when Jesus is baptized by John, a voice comes from heaven saying, "This is my beloved Son, whom I am well pleased with" (Matthew 3:17, Mark 1:11, Luke 3:22). In the film, John the Baptist says this! It seems that the screenwriter is trying to portray the faithful as crazy as well. For example, in the Bible, the angel Gabriel tells Mary that she will bear the Son of God (Luke 1: 26-38), but in the film, we do not see or hear any angel - Mary seems to speak to the moon, To a person and urinate on them, they do not hear or see anyone. Also, in the film, when Jesus speaks to the Pharisees in the Temple in Jerusalem, he says, "You will not see me here again, not even learn to cry," Blessed is He who comes in the name of the Lord. "Because I and my father are the same thing." (Matthew 23:39, Luke 13:35) "You will not see me again until you say," Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord. "Jesus never claimed to be God, , But then spends a lot of time on things that are not in the Bible (a full scene in which Mary Magdalene talks to John.) It seems that the scriptwriter, instead of wanting to make a copy of a Bible, wanted to make a film about what he thought was The film contains one gem - in the scene where Jesus tells the story of the lost son, in Matthew's house to the tax collector, Ka "Jesus Christ Superstar" is my favorite film about Jesus' last days ("The Passion of Christ" is very graphic), though it is the best film I've ever seen about the service of Jesus (though that does not mean much, because others are terrible). I love how Jesus of Nazareth continues, rather than ending with the death of Jesus, and showing him the resurrection.
