Scary Movie 3 is not as funny as its predecessors but still has funny moments. It all begins when the passionate journalist Cindy Campbell starts to find a tough news story in the middle of television operations. I soon discovered a horrific attack on developments threatening the world, including foreign invaders, deadly videos, vicious crop circles and much more. In the face of conspiracies of enormous proportions, and a crew of strange people who follow them, Cindy must fight to prevent evil from taking over the world again. The plot is not an issue here, where the two were much less. This time they focus on the signs, the loop, the loaded matrix and 8 miles as well as many others just not as much as we mentioned earlier. The first movie {imo} was one of the most popular films I've ever seen. The second was not good but still very funny. The third is mildly pleasant but nothing special. Let's just say I did not mind seeing him once but maybe I do not want to see him again. The jokes either hit or miss, but the funny jokes usually include Charlie Sheen. Anthony Lameon usually includes those that are highly exaggerated. Why the cast remains unclear because it is not funny. Anna Fares offers funny performance as it is less than its real value. Simon Rex shows some potential because in fact it was not so bad. Regina Hall also returns to Brenda and performs a wonderful and funny performance. The rest of the cast was pretty much a bunch of engraving. Jenny McCarthy and Pamela Anderson were perhaps the most extreme scene of all the copies. In the opening sequence fool the Ring and this scene turned out to be more fun in the film. Dennis Richards, Queen Latifah, Kamarin Mannheim and many others are the others. David Zucker directs and although this is not another plane, it is not the daughter of My Boss's Daughter either. It is not really worthwhile to analyze comedy directly as the main thing people want to know if it's funny or not. As I said before, if you like it, you may not really love it. In the end, I found it a bit disappointing because the PG-13 rating weakens it but still can be enjoyed. Rating 6.3 / 10
