At first I felt disgusted by director Sun Wu Jang because I felt he had cheated me. Jang had the ability to create a strong and passionate film about sex and its impact on people, but instead chose to concentrate his power on the element of pornography more than the actual human element. I could not see the characters at first, and his filthy intro that blended realism and cinema together was amateur at best? After this film stayed in my mind for several days after watching it. What remained with me was not the story, it was not the characters, it was not the pornographic nature of the film, but the transition that Yang showed between Y and J. If you watch this movie carefully, you'll see that both begin to explore their relationship, eager to jump to the unknown, but not Definitely the next step. As they continue to meet and explore new ways of pleasure, are constantly jumping between the aggressor and the aggressor. Jang first explores the idea that J is the one who controls the situation, and then painfully, the reflection occurs when J becomes obsessed with Y. It is a very simple change, and because of the graphic content of this film, he can easily miss it, but it exists. It seems clear near the end when J can not live with Y, where their meetings become less frequent, and J tries to become part of the natural community. This was a great and very exciting element for this film to see in front of your eyes directly, but unfortunately, it was the only element in this film that deserves to be seen. <br /> <br /> I will ignore those who talk about this film as nothing more than pornography, because there are human elements at the heart of this film, backward as it is, it exists. It is a film about one aspect of our lives that is rarely explored in the cinema or spoken in newspapers. What happens behind closed doors is unknown? Or so we must believe. While the same act is repeated a little later, director Jang tries to change it a bit with some ever-changing scenes. Our characters constantly move from the hotel room to the hotel room to quench their thirst for the body. This is fun at first, but again, it seems that the repeated Jang series makes it feel more bored than excitement. This leads me to the biggest issue I have encountered with this film. Jang had a wonderful story with Gojitmal, but where he failed (outside of the obvious choice to focus directly on the pornographic aspect) he picked up scenes, repeated them over and over, without changing us to allow us to get to know the characters. Where was Yang going with this film? Did he want stories to tell stories, or did he think the characters would do that? It failed in this sense because at the end of the film we knew little about Y and J that we might care less about how to solve themselves. The end seems almost random at best, as Jang tries to create a definitive solution to these two absolute unknown films. I should give Jang some credit for trying, but not much. Try to create some sub-stories that would create the personal element that we lacked, but they could not plot well together. Y's brother and his wife J were those plot points, but again, given his intense focus on the sexual element, these powerful sub-stories became unrecognizable and bland to the right-bottom. Maybe this was how I watched this movie, but outside the sex scenes, nothing else worked together. We knew nothing about J and Y and that is why Gojitmal failed. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would say that this film could have benefited from a strong degree or element of the genre of music remotely. We, the viewers, brought us closer to the feelings of both J and Y. What I can remember, I try to push this film away from my mind, I do not remember any musical tones. Gojitmal might have been a stronger film if Jang had made music or done something to point out our personality. While I understand that he wants to talk about himself, there was only a technical element missing from this film that has extinguished a stronger desire for more. Technically, this was a bad film. It is clear that it is an independent film by nature, it felt like a director Jang was trying to make symbolic references from nothing rather than being independent of this nature. I did not see much of a social message or human element as mentioned above. I felt that he had assembled this film together for two weeks and understood that sex would sell it well enough. This was not Larry Clark's production. This was substandard and definitely needed more technical clicks to develop it stronger than the final version! <br /> <br /> In general, I think I could have liked this film, and there were smaller elements I enjoyed, but I felt that this film was fast and repetitive and played a lot towards taboos instead of breaking them. You can see the clear scenes of this film in the final scene of this film when we are familiar with how to put the title of this film. Our characters were quiet, our story was backward, and we could use something unforgettable to make what was happening between Y and J to something more symbolic than sex. To me, was Jang trying too hard to pick up an art where pornographic images were gathered? And failed miserably. This was not a film worth the time and effort it had to produce. <br /> <br /> Row: ** From *****
