Very likely to be the little scammers <br /> <br /> This film is described as the first Russian horror film. Unfortunately, with regard to me, the "witch" (her Russian title) will replace the shame at the terrible Russian film exhibition. It is based on the story of Nikolai Gogol "Viy", a classic story in Russia. "Based" is the keyword here because there is no knowledge of the story. Instead, the less you know about Gogol, the better. <br /> <br /> It's a unique production because we're used to getting stories out of other cultures and adapting them to their own culture. An example of a re-production of American foreign films is an example, but once again, Sturgess transformed the seven Samurai movie from Kurosawa into the brilliant Seven with remarkable results, and transferred Kurosawa Macbeth from Shakespeare to Japan to become an incredibly powerful throne, while King Lear became steadfast. However, with "charming", our Russians planted a classic Russian tale on American territory. The film was filmed in Estonia in English with the aim of dubbing it into English using American actors and having reasonably synchronized lips movements. <br /> <br /> As a natural result, the lost is the colorful Ukrainian background of the story, where a seemingly awesome little American town comes from a guide to books of ancient horror. Gone is the prominent academic expert Khoma Brutus, instead we have a fake journalist about to win the Pullitzer Prize, which at the same time writes about X-like events and repeat Miss Boobs competitions. (I never thought that the Pulitzer Prize had been awarded for this type of writing, and now I stand with all humility.) In a strange reference to Russian, journalist Ivan Birkov is named. John Smith should be named because it is impossible to get over vulgar and cliched and general from this film. <br /> <br /> Birkov goes to a town called Castleville, crosses a dirt road, and stumbles until he finds a rundown and somewhat unwelcome house by an ancient cron. All this to accompany a radio ad about the evil forces in their strongest situations, the best people stay indoors and avoid water. Do I need to mention that the sky is raining heavily? After a few scary scenes that supposedly laughed at me, the story tells us that our journalists are wearing a priest, who is mistaken for a priest, and Sherif Mahalli tells him that his daughter, who died after being brutally attacked, wanted the new priest to pray for her for three nights. At this point, the work starts supposed. Those who have time to kill are welcome. <br /> <br /> What's wrong with this movie? Everything, from the dialog box down to the support section. It is clear that the dialogue I heard in Russian was originally written in English and was compiled exclusively from the cliches and words taken from American films. The actors struggled clearly with the English language because the timing of their speech was hard and unnatural, and Russian dubbing followed suit. Representation is mostly horrific, not only because actors find it difficult to speak often but because they do not have anything approaching a set of facial expressions. For the most part, they are just empty or you like it. The only exceptions are the sheriff played by Lemps Ulpsak, the fine Estonian actor, and Arnis Lizetis, who plays a resident resident of Castileville. Oh, of course a cock that is very normal on the camera! I know that actors complain that dogs and cats get angry, but when a cock puts Nikolayev, it's a sad testimony to the overall quality of acting in the film. <br /> <br /> There was not a single scary moment in the whole movie, and there was not a single original moment in the film either. Keep in mind that this comment comes from someone who has no experience of horror. The film is filled with the standard moves used in the horror movie since the beginning of this genre. At a critical moment, the camera continues to love the kerosene lamp. The lamp comes out immediately. She must have seen some horror movies too. An example of the supreme foolishness comes at another moment, a figure jumping out of the bathtub and working in the camera. He's wearing something like a loincloth! There is no more stupidity than this! <br /> <br /> Those in Russia who like this claim that it should have been declared a mystical act. I was not too pleased. I was jogging from start to finish. I particularly enjoyed the fact that all the townspeople behaved as if they knew they were living in a horror film, but they were not quite sure whether they had a zombie or not. Therefore, some acted like a coma just in case. <br /> <br /> The filmmakers say it's about finding faith. Such wonderful combinations of stupid acts, stupidly fabricated moments, and yes, cliches, do not deserve to be about finding faith. The film is totally fake and completely imaginary and is only worth being exhibited at the wax museum.
