What is there? Let me tell you. It is the presence of Alec Baldwin. He is not a great actor, but he may be a great star with some good films that are not one of them. He did nothing here more than anything he did before or after. So, let alone (literally) Steve McQueen in the same role originally because I do not want to make this comparison in the first place. I'm not a big fan or even an admirer of Kim Basinger, she's got a lot of bad movies on her and even at the best she looks mediocre! And it hits me in truth whenever they talk about their rare beauty tempting !! ?? Well, if you're a pig who would make anyone a prisoner, you'll dye my hair in yellow as soon as possible! And what is with all the madness on Miss Basinger legs? !! Is it definitely madness or bad tasting? Nor do I see them both not only exciting, but also ugly! And if you hate to shoot you but you know what ?! I just watched this movie so I'm already dead! However, what will really make you suffer in an unbearable way is that none of the stocks goes to what they deserve the most? Of course I mean (Jennifer Tilly) .. Now we're talking about a real real seductive chick with such an unforgettable body and a unique sense of allurement like a bad brunette (Marilyn Monroe) but much healthier! (I can not help her, it was the only new thing that was fun here!). (Michael Madsen), where the bad man was more attractive and more effective than the good men (James Woods) is here to sum up the early events by the pool (so the trailer will be his vote later!) And he knew, above all, "Do something, take your money, and good luck as an actor in other movies!" , The amendment gave the film a serious character along with the violent atmosphere of the appropriate bright film industry, so the commodities of it (movement, thrill, ..) are fairly well here, although any resonance of profound meanings about (types of betrayal) ) As if the main dramatic idea of ​​the whole thing is not so powerful do not wait for it. Well, all it is is a new reissue without anything special (except for Jennifer Tilly's warm moments!) So I think I tried to be as objective as I could so I should not finish my assessment by saying that Basinger or anyone here was better Of this movie .. would be an insult because frankly .. anything better than this movie!
