The famous cinematographer, Glory, The Elephant Man, is directing the very bad horror / drama. The 19th century in England has a different view of how to deal with the practice of medicine than Dr. Thomas Rock, a law that states that the bodies of criminals can not be studied and tested. But the stock of these bodies is small, and Rock needs more - preferably more fresh. As a dissident within his circle, he begins to pay people to find bodies for him to study and test. Robert Robert Fallon and Timothy Broome enjoy this opportunity and start killing people and selling them to Rock. Of course, this kind of work has worse consequences than the practice on the bodies of non-criminals, and leads to trouble for everyone. While the overall story looks interesting on paper, almost everything about The Doctor And The Devils is very bad. <br /> <br /> After the first fifteen minutes of the film, you have already begun to doubt your decision to sit down to watch the movie. The full appearance of the film is just ugly. Seeing how the film happened in the slums of England during the 19th century, directors may be looking for "ugly", but they do not do so in a shrewd way. Everything, from groups to movies, looks cheap, weak, and disgusting. Also, the scene of everything is filled with something that you can not simply take seriously, and most of the time it comes with a person (both in small and big roles) doing something that seems or seems quite ridiculous. Francis certainly did not help his representatives much. <br /> <br /> Jonathan Bryce and Steven Rhea play the twisted friends of the movie, Fallon and Broome, respectively, who are very heavyheads but very bad. Their personalities are inherently crazy, but Price and Ray are scattered in parts to death. Especially as they have difficulty maintaining the same tone from shot to shot - Bryce particularly moves from Cockney to Irish to Long John Silver to some type of lake creature, and so on. It's also a riot of humor to see Twiggy in this film at all, not to mention playing a prostitute on the street on demand, because she can not work to save her life (although her song during the final credits is not too funny). It certainly has come a long way: from the "power of Venus" to "I will wear clothes for Shilin"! As bad as the three actors in this film, Julian Sands takes the House Award for the worst performance of the film. It's lame as far as it gets, offering a funny laugh out loud after another to portray anger, love, happiness and anxiety - choose passion and any emotion! <br /> <br /> There's only one good thing about The Doctor And The Devils: Timothy Dalton's performance by Dr. Rock. Although surrounded by movie sewage, Dalton is very excellent. Give an electric image of a well-driven man so far. Too bad the rest of the movie can not be as good as Mr. Dalton ....
