I can appreciate what Barney is trying to achieve, but after spending the night at a college film house, I could not help but think ... When will this end? Very long and amazing two hours and fifteen minutes. I have only seen part of the Cremaster 3 program on a DVD and I thought I knew what to expect. However, experimental films like these are better digested in small increments. There are a couple of beautiful / horrible photos ... including the title sequence (no kidding), but if you go to this expecting any kind of plot or meaning, then you are on a long and motivational trip to snooze. I managed to stay awake for the whole thing (if this was a compliment) but more often than not, I was waiting for some kind of meaning or narrative ... a big mistake. Among the pictures is a very elaborate gift-giving ceremony, which is a disgusting dish for what appears to be oil jelly plates made up of cookie cutters and a shrimp sandwich (presented to the crew of the ship that appears throughout the film), a large cheesecake with a large hidden envelope In the midst of it, the mutual elimination of Bjork and director Matthew Barney culminated in an eventual kind of curious communication, followed by their transformation into whale-like creatures. The soundtrack is sometimes pretty and annoying ... sometimes even crazy. At one point, there was a song Bjork sang to conform to the temporary rituals we present, and at other times, there is just a steady display of a high-tone machine, in which we see a mysterious woman playing on the beginning and end of the film. If this sounds like no sense, it is because it does not! If this sounds like your cup of tea, then you will love it perfectly! If this sounds like something you might not like, stay away from it, because you're probably going out of the way halfway through the way many people attended the show. This is the true definition of the artistic film. You get what you take from him. But otherwise, there is not much in fact, except for some abnormalities and rituals of construction and constant disassembly. I'm glad there's a place for movies like this, but I can not say I want to sit down again. However, I can not say I do not want to see one of Barney Cremaster's films from start to finish and compare them to this. I think, maybe now that I know what I expect I might enjoy something like this more. To give you an idea of ​​the kind of understanding factor that this film has, I might have been better off stoning. Then again, it was possible to feel twice as it was, and then it would be really hard. Certainly not for everyone.
