Winter Kills is an awesome, incoherent and very disappointing plot of erotic comedy by unknown director William Richert. While watching the movie, I honestly felt as if I were the emperor in the classic myth of the emperor's new clothes. The film made me feel like an idiot because I could not put a head or a plot for an aggressive plot and senseless characters. But I was embarrassed to admit to myself that the film was connecting my mind. So hold it to the end, hoping that the whole messy mess will break itself down. Then I realized .... The film is supposed to be sensual, illogical and illogical, because that is the whole point. This is a cynical view of the conspiracy theories and theorists, with the discovery of the conspiracy used as a metaphor for the facts, half truths and lies that define any conspiracy. Even when I learned that humor was on me, I still feel that Winter Kills is a very bad movie. <br /> <br /> Jeff Bridges is the youngest brother of the former US president who was assassinated in Philadelphia. Nick is present when a man dies claiming to have shot the president and gave detailed information about where the gun was hidden. Nick follows the clues, but every step of the way the people who help him seem to die in mysterious circumstances. Also, his father Ba Kegan (John Huston), a vulgar businessman and disgustingly wealthy, still intervenes in Nick's investigation. The deeper he gets into the assassination, the more Nick realizes that he is descending into a web of complex lies and red herring, where nothing seems to be reliable. <br /> <br /> The film is an absolute nightmare followed, and in many ways it is not worth trying to follow the above reason is that it intertwined with itself. The cast is packed with extraordinary talent but mostly lost. Toshiro Mifune has one of Luxor's most important roles in film history; Elizabeth Taylor seems unsupported and does not have a single line of dialogue; Richard Bonn has been given what seems to be an interesting role but his character does not go anywhere. John Houston has a better role as a strong patriarch and provides us with a few pleasant moments in the film with his sharp delivery. Anthony Perkins also has a creepy role and treats him well, although his viewing time is so short that he does not achieve full justice for the character. Some scenes of nudity and sex are thrown without real reason, and while they are very graphic and may appeal to intruders, they really belong to another film. The climax of the comic is quasi-comic and disappointing, but do not forget the paradox in a slightly bizarre way. It is clear that there are worshipers there somewhere where Winter Winter is being killed .... but I will not count myself among them.
