Altered Species begins Friday night in Los Angeles, where Dr. Irwin (Guy Vieg) and lab assistant Walter (Allen Lee Haff) burn midnight oil while continuing to experiment with a new revolutionary drug called Rejenacyn. While Walter guides the last failed attempt at the bottom of the tub, the tubes leak fluorescent green liquid down to the basement where the laboratory rats start to drink it ... Five friends of Walter, Alicia (Leah Rown) in very attractive attire, Gary (Richard Peterson), Burke (Derek Hoffman), Frank (David Bradley) and Chelsea (Alexandra Townsend) decide he is working hard and needs to get out until they plan to take him to the concert at night. Back in the laboratory, Douglas (Robert Broughton) was attacked and killed by moles now in the basement, where Walter inserted the latest batch of serum into a laboratory rat that is splitting from its cage during its remarkable growth. Walter's friends get up but he can not leave while mice are still missing until everyone helps him find them. The six are all likely gamers. <br /> <br /> Also known as Rodentz Altered Species, which was edited and edited by Miles Feldman and has very little to recommend. The product script of Serge Rodensky is lousy along with general softness of production as a whole species are really lame variants. In the beginning, the character is stupid, distressing, and cliched. Then there is a non-original plot with the crazy world, the monster he created, the isolated site, the stranded actors, the final final confrontation between the hero and the beast. Everything is here somewhere. Altered Species is moving at a fair pace and is the best I can say on this subject and thankfully it does not last long. It is basically the medium-sized film of the company's killer killer, and not a very good film in that, either. <br /> <br /> The films of director Feldman are like a television movie, and it's all very nice, forgetting some special effects and the scenes of the attack leave much to be desired. For starters, CGI mice are considered horrific, and the sequence of attack includes a crossover camera movement and really quick adjustments to try to hide the fact that all the rats sit there negatively. At different points in Altered Species, rat cages must vibrate because of the movement of mice, but you can clearly see all the mice sitting there while someone removes the cages from the screen. The Giant Rat monster eventually looks very poor because it is just a man wearing a bad suit. There is no fear, tension or atmosphere, and since when did the lower floors have bright fluorescent lighting? There's one or two nice gaps here, someone with a big, messy gap where their face was a broken arm and a cut of his head, a lot of rat bites, a sharpened eyeball and a dead mutilated cat. Technically modified species are the sub-standard all the time. It happens within a single building, with cheap CGI effects and low production values. The acting does not arrive very much, but it is not so bad and a special reference to Lea Rowan like Alicia because she is a little girl and makes the changing species a little nicer and easier to see ... <br /> <br /> Altered Species is no longer a particularly good film, It's a very bad film, but I think you can do worse. Not great, but it might be worth watching if you do not have a lot of things that do not need anything else.
