Nell Shipman must get a huge amount of money to enhance Maxwell's off-road capability. The film plot is very simple, Neil play the role of a writer has a bad state of mass writer, and need inspiration, so you go to visit Mexico to accommodate the atmosphere. There she meets the hero (Bert van Toil), the cowboy patron who chooses to drive instead of riding. While Neal visits her father's partner in his mining camp, a gang of local gangs kidnaps her and brings them to their camp deep into the wilderness. The hero needs to get to it quickly, so he decides to drive there in his car. This is where the film takes a strange twist. Burt continues to command above all the imaginable terrain, huge rocks, small flows, heavy brush, falling tree trunks, steep slopes, etc., for the bulk of the film we get to see this car struggling to crawl above the obstacles . Now it's not you, this is not a modern vehicle, it's the Maxwell 1920, so it looks misplaced as an off-road vehicle. There are obviously limitations on some of the terrain you are experiencing, and we see it stuck more than once in this film. But filmmakers made an effort to show that he was overcoming difficulties and finally passing through all obstacles. Once the hero arrives at the hidden camp and rescues the girl, he jumps into the car with her and leads her along with the thieves in a hot pursuit (on horseback). At this point it became very funny to me. When you watch this car spin slowly over the huge rocks, stuck in the gravel and brush of the mountain, go ahead and get back enough momentum to pass the fallen limbs, the bandits should have had plenty of time to catch up. But they never did, although we believe that this wild chase goes on all night. At a silly climax, the car climbs a mountain slope, and Neal and the hero help push a huge rock on the other side to crush the thieves. <br /> <br /> After watching this movie, you think the military should invest in the 1920s, Maxwell cars were clearly better off-road capabilities compared to the Hammers and Bradley tanks combined. Watch this movie just for laughs, it's worth it just to see Neil hugging the car grill and saying "I've done your best, a little brave car"
