To form a film audience - I am certainly surprised by the positive comments made by this miserable film here. I can not think of that, I can only be suspicious, in this regard, with regard to the rewards of the back alley for the critics who promote Annette Penning for the Academy Award; the hole in the kitchen ceiling may be attributed to a chewed scene. She is a wonderful actress, but this performance is unfortunately unbalanced, as it lacks the quality of film actors who should be able to watch and maintain the rhythm of the film's screenplay throughout the madness of the film. <br /> <br /> I do not really want to blame Miss Bening or most of the other artists (well, Gwyneth Paltrow has no excuse for her messy work), because this is a horrible adaptation, a classic case of bad translation (I'm willing to assume, I'm I did not read the book and I do not think I will do it after that). The script begins in the middle / misalignment of irresponsible behavior and intense emotional concerns emanating from mysterious personalities that have developed relationships not with us or with each other. It quickly becomes an overly tsunami-like attack that tarnishes both characters and audiences and leaves me like a survivor shaking my head at the residues left at the end of each recurring episode. Shock and horror describe my reaction to the bipolar frenetic mood swings between yelling and quiet sensitivity, and the latter proves one of the most outrageous vocal compositions I have ever heard - that is, when all this has not been caught on non-contradictory animations - period things, you know, but Was selected with stunning disregard for the tone of the viewer. <br /> <br /> How mixed up this wonderful collection is in this I do not know know - I can not believe they saw a script before signing up. They are certainly applying their skills with commitment. I felt very sorry for the wonderful generation of Kliberg, who was burdened with a lady's uniform in a cartoon bag and a wig trying in vain to dilute something of value from debatable dialogue. In contrast, in some way, Alec Baldwin rises above the material to deliver a real steady performance. Can someone give this guy a major role in the subject, please? What about Rachel Ivan Wood - Mother of Joseph Vince? You think the industry can use it better, and without severe pain like Elliott Gold in the state of M. <br /> <br /> My vote? Ghosn Stop, all right, but no link with Paradise.
