When an attempt is made to assassinate Amir Awtar, a strong Arab man visiting Washington, DC, his life is saved by a cocktail waitress named Sani Davis. Sunny becomes a famous national and media hero and as a reward for a job at the Department of Protocol at the US State Department. However, State Department officials who offer her a job do not know a hidden agenda. <br /> <br /> The map of Uttar, lying on the borders of Saudi Arabia and southern Yemen, shows a barren deserts. Known as Empty Quarter, or Empty Quarter. In the real world, the population of any country in this site will be almost zero, and the value of the strategy is almost zero, but for the purposes of the film, we must accept that Ohtar has a great strategic importance in the Cold War and that the US government, who are keen to build a military base there, Do everything in their power to maintain the good side of their ruler. It turns out that the prince was the attractive young illusionist who saved him and reached an agreement with the State Department; they could have their base provided he had a sunny addition to his harem. The new Sunny post is just a trick to make sure that the prince has more opportunities to meet her. <br /> <br /> Such a plot may have been suitable for some funny satire, but in fact the satirical content of the film is rather toned down. Perhaps in 1984, the American public was not in a reckless satire about their country's foreign policy; it was, after all, the year Ronald Reagan took forty-nine of the 50 presidential elections and his hard line with the Soviet Union was going well with Voters. (If the film was produced two years later, following the Iran / Contra case, it may have a different tone). <br /> <br /> The movie is not as spelling as Goldie Hoon's vehicle is to show off its brand of gravity and magic. Sunny is a typical Goldie character, beautiful, sweet, naive and not bright. However, there is a limit to how much you can go with gravity and magic alone, nor can you make a bad movie automatically by just making a good film by leading a stupid blonde. (In fact, this seems more a recipe for making a good bad film). Goldie is trying her best to save this person, but she will never succeed. Part of the reason is the inconsistent way in which her character is portrayed. On the one hand, Sunny is a beautiful innocent rural girl from Oregon. On the other hand, she is a 35-year-old woman working in a tavern and wearing a revealing uniform. The effect is more like that of Rebecca than of Sanibruk Farm, who works as a rabbit. <br /> <br /> The most important reason why Goldie can not save this film is the best comedian or comedian who is not better than his / her material, and his "protocol" is not just simple. Whatever the humor, it is tired and exhausting and relies on stereotypical stereotypes of Arab men who, it seems, all yearn for Western women, especially blond and blue-eyed. There was a lot of this sort of thing in the mid-1980s, when Ben Kingsley / Nastassia Kinski's horrific "harem," about a charming Middle Eastern ruler kidnaping a young American woman, and a mini-series of the same name that tells the story Almost identical with the period setting. The filmmakers seem to have realized that their film will not work as a pure comedy, because it eventually turns into a kind of "Mr. Smith goes to Washington." Sunny turns from a blonde Bembo into a fountain of political wisdom and begins to speak all kinds of optimism about democracy, the Constitution, the citizen's duty to vote and "we the people" and how the price of freedom is timeless vigilance Blah Blah ???? , But in fact the film is no longer as successful as a political rather than a comedy. <br /> <br /> Goldy Hawn has done a number of good comics, such as "Cactus Flower" and "Overboard" and not "Housitter", but "Protocol" is one of them. I have not seen all of her films, but those who have seen this painful comedy are the worst.
