This film wants to make clear that criminals are the product of modern society. So, can the robbers, rapists and murderers (murderers in this film, Carl Benszram (James Woods), all three and the worst) be held accountable for their actions? An interesting idea, but very difficult to display on the screen in a satisfactory way intellectually and emotionally. This is where Killer Magazine is killed: A Journal of Murder. Although the film tries to put Panzram's behavior in its proper perspective, with past memories of its violent youth and its dysfunctional education, the viewer never gets the idea that Panzram is a victim and not a criminal. The regime is certainly corrupt. A gangster occupies the entire Bay of Mary at Leavenworth Prison (where most of the film is made). Most prison guards are sadistic, and the prison director is like a madman. But why the new prison guard Henry Lesser (Robert Shawn Leonard) take such pity on Panzram? Even after reading his heinous memoirs? The film offers some explanation: he saw less of Panzeram being beaten by the most sadistic (and stereotypical) guard, and he was impressed by Panzram's brilliance (although it is not clear why Lesser thinks exactly that man is very clever). Surely this is not enough to sympathize with a hostile man like Panzram, although this film tends to underestimate his crimes and highlight his character? Less, Panzram is completely loyal, and the viewer is given the impression that, for Lesser, he surpasses all the horrors he has read about in the Panzram diaries. Does this younger man have so few friends that he takes a virtual value for everyone who just seems to be his friend from afar? Lesser may be the product of modern society, which governs appearance rather than substance. <br /> <br /> I can recommend Monster, starring Charlize Theron and Christina Ricci, as a film that deals with almost the same themes more integrity and scope. <br /> <br /> BTW: Killer looks like a snapshot of the TV (not very good)
