Using tons of stock footage, not only from Trader Horn but also in the first two films in the series (for example the crocodile battle was used at the last time), this is one of the weakest films in the MGM series. It is very slim after the classic Tarzan and his companion, which is perhaps the best film in the series. <br /> <br /> Plot Jane's cousins ​​come to the bush to tell her she inherited a fortune if she came back to claim it. They are two types of connection since the relatives who left the money cut off their will. She hired a great white fisherman, secretly wanting to grab Tarzan and sell him, and the couple went to the forest where they ran to normal. Jungle problems (more because of stock shots). After a lot of discussion, Jane decided to go back to civilization and we got long sequences of Tarzan and Jim making a ugly face. Finally, in the last half hour, the Tarzan plot is being carried out and things become interesting in the end when the plans explode and things look very bleak for all concerned. <br /> <br /> The painful boring film is a clear demonstration of turbulent production. It seems that the film has been assembled from many different films with the first half of the hours running as an exact repeat of the previous film. The middle third shows signs of having to extend objects outward and plot lines that have not reached the end. The final third in which Tarzan is caught and the party is in danger is the point at which the film finally appears (and also shows the violent signs of cartoons that have caused much need to re-film the film). To me it is amazing how this series managed to continue from here because this film is not very good (except in the end). It would be difficult for me to explain it but I would like to say that it is the relationship between Weissmuller and O'Sullivan the role of Tarzan and Jane who kept people coming back. He is a wonderful mating and is actually one of the great couples in the screens. <br /> <br /> (I may also recall that this is the point where the film became less realistic and more fanciful with the appearance of Tarzan Tree House.) I really do not like the first hour or so of this movie so much and I find it a waste of time and energy. If I can get to the end, I recommend the movie experience. Otherwise I would just skip the whole movie and move on to the next movie in the series.
