In the small American town of Medoville, Dr. Anthony Blake (David Gill, IMDb list for this wrong personality, it is certain that Dr. Blake is not Dr. Blackley) is the director and founder of the famous Psychological Research Institute and also hosts a local television program called Independent Thinkers. He uses this television program to hypnotize viewers and make them commit acts of violence. Dr. Blake has the help of a large brain with an evil face that uses the spinal cord as a catchy tail. The brain is usually sitting in a tank, eating rats and a strange actor, and each time a person eats, his size becomes larger. At the same time in the local high school talented but teenager Jim Majelievsky (Tom Bresnahan) was set the status of sodium in toilets. Jim is sent to Dr. Blake's PRI to help his position and behavioral problems. While there's Dr. Blake connecting Jim up, well, I'm not sure about that. This however, is related to the brain. Initially C is able to resist brain control in the brain. The brain feels that Jim poses a threat to himself and his plans. Once the PRI C starts having a strange hallucination and crashes his car. Jim climbs to his girlfriend waitress Janet (Cynthia Preston as Cindy Preston) but is delivered to the assistant to Dr. Blake Verna (George Boza) shortly after Officer Marks (Harry Booker). The brain wants to kill Jim because he is the only one able to tolerate the techniques of mind control. As the "independent thinkers" become their homeland, the brain does not want anything or anyone to stop its evil plan to dominate the world! Jim quickly realizes that the brain controls the entire town and that he alone must stop the brain, before he takes over the world! <br /> <br /> Ed Hunt, who calls himself Edward Hunt here, was not as bad a brain as I thought he would be. Do not get me wrong because it certainly is not great either. The text by Barry Pearson tries to stab the satire with brainwashing and control the mind through the story of T.V .. moving at a fair pace and not too boring. There is no explanation for the existence of the brain at all, it exists and this is what we must accept. The story is a little volatile and never fully explored. There is control over the mind of television and the brain itself, Jim being hunted by the police, his behavior, and many other small pieces and parts here and there, including Dr. Blake's strange, unexplained revelation. It is wise that this film seems cheap, and perhaps cheap. Acting is not great, but I've seen what's worse, and what does David Gill do in this? In fact, this role resembles the role of Gil in Re-Animator (1985) even in the death of his characters in both films. The brain itself initially sits in a tank and begins to grow whenever a person eats, and in the end its size is large. Each stage is made only of rubber. It does not look particularly good and is not scary or creepy, it's just cheap. There is no blood or gore in it, apart from a flash, and you will lose it. Nudity is provided by assistant Dr. Blake Vivian (Christine Kusak in the role of Christine Kusak) before being eaten. The brain had a certain entertainment value for me but I think most people hate it. You may want to see if you can see them on T.V. Free.
