To say that Thunderbirds is appalling, turbulent, attractive, ugly to listen to and painful to watch the movie will not be enough. There are only two reasons why I can think of why I watch this movie: 1; I saw Thunderbirds when I was young (like I did) and would like to be curious about what it is, but you'll just watch to see if these things are too bad. Or 2; you are watching it with someone under the age of 10. <br /> <br /> Thunderbirds managed to move everything you try. The list goes on and on, but there are other things more intelligent and humiliating and painfully obvious when thinking about it. From the outside, Thunderbird is wrong, wrong, wrong. The whole moral message and the "goal" were prepared in a painful way: Jeff Tracy (a new low level for Bill Paxton) tells his younger son Alan that he has not yet proved Thunderbird after Alan decided randomly and foolishly to enter Tracy Island's gut to launch Thunderbird One. The entire film is a series of events and fires that consist of Alan trying to prove himself while his father and other brothers are trapped in space aboard the Thunderbird Five. <br /> <br /> The film relies on young actors to carry it. Film: A 16 year old Alan Tracy (Corbet), Tin Tin (Hudgens) 16 years old and Fermat (Fulton) 14 years old son of Brains. To say that watching the "adventures" they wake up is painful is an understatement. Often you try to act and take advantage of the script while fighting the evil "Kingsley" in ridiculously unfair and funny ways as entertainment throughout the film; it only differs when everyone is in a different location. Also, everything was "mind control" too tired and pulling the film mainly because it was overuse and offered a way for our heroes to see weakness in The Hood ?? Forcibly and incidentally. <br /> <br /> I know that most of the "movies for children" these days are trying to incorporate a kind of material for adults, but in Thunderbirds this is done in a way that brings Lady Penelope. Sophia Miles play Penelope and I think it is no accident that she is slightly larger than the rest of the children ?? At the age of 24, it is very good to be true. Their scenes are often very charged and carry an exciting boost. We see her in the bathroom, bubbles up to her neck watching television; her servant comes in and sneaks a peek at her, changing the channels seductively with her wet, bare, bubble-covered foot. Flicker shots of her high-heeled shoes and a bright pink color that fills the screen through different scenes: this happens first when actually connected to the second that occurs during the fist fight with another woman! With twins with this, her bright pink costumes that reveal just enough so far cover just enough are just as fascinating as the way she travels and speaks with the luxurious and dominant English accent. She looks like a leading mistress (well, it's LADY Penelope after all? And it's better to be sure to contact her). The whole thing is laughable but the editing is so fast that the kids will not notice it but definitely there. <br /> <br /> The actual conspiracy of The Hood, which does everything it does to steal only a few banks, is very strange, and the characters are its bodyguards: a woman with an eccentric appearance and a stout black man gets to move her a lot. Are you supposed to laugh at this? What about fighting scenes? Erotic very bad and what the hell with silly voices? It is completely ridiculous. <br /> <br /> The list goes on. The way Bill Paxton plays everything very seriously, as he was told they do it in one way but was made in another, and the way Ford Motor Company put its motto everywhere. News: Sponsored by Ford, the camera moves even to believe Ford several times when the car is shot, how does CGI look like something from a video clip to a computer game? It's outrageous. Is it true that we should think that a 16-year-old girl can swim in the frozen Thames, against the tide, save a single train that falls (a monorail over the Thames?) And go back to the hole and thus keep the day holding her breath all the time. Is the absolute bull and the makers know it? I do not even know whether a 10 year old child will swallow it. <br /> <br /> In short: avoid, avoid, avoid. Thunderbird is an angry, deceptive, bad screenplay and has even been ejected by Rolls-Royce and replaced by a flying car? Everything can happen wrong, there is an error.
