The original Thunderbirds got a place on TV history. He was and still is very much loved - in fact, the entire first ten minutes of Wallace and Gromit (Werrabbit) were a direct lift to Thunderbirds, leading to a direct rerun of the original Thunderbird 2 release series (if you do not believe me, get the movie, then Get a copy of the original episode where Thunderbird 2 was released. <br /> <br /> This movie was a great attempt to make a movie for children - when the original was loved and enjoyed by both children and adults! Their time saved people who were often trapped when they were native nature or technology s There was a little bit of physical violence: Thunderbird challenged the imagination to a certain extent - how many of us would one day dream of building Thunderbird? 2) Do not underestimate the power of entertainment in doing so - many Japanese attribute their fascination with human robots to the old Astroboy animation. <br /> <br /> But this film was a bad image of the original. This film appeared to be mixed between Thunderbirds and Looney Tunes - I mean, we have Anthony Edwards like the brain that imitates Bourke's stumbling pig ????? Much of the movement is Kung Fu / Power Rangers. In fact, there were funny sound effects when someone nailed his head using a pan. The technology that unleashed our imagination was absent - instead, we had these children running around, using an unprecedented drawing device in the original series (making the whole team go away, leaving the base occupied by children and the brain). Then there was a dose of mysticism, "Use the Force Luke," which was dropped when TinTin moved one thing or another, along with The Hood using aerodynamics that appeared to have been lifted from "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon." The only thing missing is that the Hood goes to "TinTin, I'm Your Uncle" with a breath mask voice. GONE was the heart that made Thunderbirds unique. <br /> <br /> The only bright spot was Ron Cook's portrayal of Parker - he has taken it completely. But the actress who plays the role of Ms. Penelope encountered a girl - huh ???? <br /> <br /> That's why we hate this movie. When someone puts something popular in the fan base, fans are expected to spend money to watch it, and then deliver something that is not close to what fans expect - well, I'm sorry, that's normal! Well, if they make a movie for the kids - okay - next time, distribute it directly to the video, where many of them belong. But do not pack anything in a familiar cover and change the interior parts.
