Thunderbirds was one of the most famous of the 1960s, which has passed through years and generations to the extent that it is still popular now, with both adults and children, as it was in its time. So one can deduce from the chance of producing a feature film with the Hollywood budget million pounds an excellent opportunity to revive the series as it did with 'Spider-Man' and 'X-Men'. But the awesome story and the nice representation blur this opportunity, it was soon soon all that was destined for this film was a trip to the bargaining box of the children section. <br /> <br /> Instead of a film that focuses on five of Tracy's sons, their father and their trusted henchmen struggling to save people and protect the world from the bad guys, our hero in this labored is 13-year-old Alan Tracy, Fourteen-year-old Ferma's son, the son of Prinz (yes, the son of Prinz), although he was a man who could not register any woman at all if he tried; As one might say by running our three prominent characters, the Thunderbird version of 2004 was clearly intended to entertain only children under the age of 12 instead of trying to appeal to a wide range of ages such as those involved in a very superior revival "Spider-Man" did. The plot itself was very poor with a difficult dialogue, embarrassing and weak jokes that might not laugh before the bright teenager. The screenwriter seemed more interested in cutting "Spy Kids" (which was at least strange and innovative) rather than re-showing the show people knew and loved. <br /> <br /> Although Sophia Miles and Ron Cook were as adorable as Miss Penelope and Parker, they had only about three lines between them so their presence was barely felt. Jeff Tracy of Bill Paxton was boring, and there was little mention of the other four boys in Tracy, while Anthony Edwards and Ben Kingsley, as Prins and Hudd were, respectively, were embarrassed. The Hood, in particular, is not at all threatened or evil, and instead encounters the role of the typical villain with double standards such as lambs as a piece of moldy lettuce. <br /> <br /> Brady Corbett, who plays Alan Tracy, may be a good young actress, but it was hard to see that in a movie where Shakya plays bitterly, the same applies to Vanessa Anne Hutchinson like Tin Tin, where The most that you get is to look beautiful and have it all about the Girl Power. Ironically, Verne of Surin Fulton is the only interesting character in the film, where Fulton offers a natural and comfortable show. <br /> <br /> "Thunderbirds", the series will be remembered forever as an excellent show that proves dolls can make strong offers! "Thunderbird" will forget the film most and remember a few adults flop.
