I've always thought that most of the huge box office usually has what I recommend, but after the 80-day release of Around the World and Thunderbirds, I started to doubt it. For those who are not familiar, he relies on a show of brides around a family of astronauts using the latest rockets, space ships and submarines to save people from various disasters (falling bridges, disaster planes, burning buildings, etc.) every week. Well, the brides are gone (they have been replaced by more surviving teenagers), as well as the assumption - a scheme has been saved in an inefficient and painful scheme from Spy Kids without any signs of imagination, intelligence or entertainment. Alan Tracy feels that he has been excluded from all the rescue operations we have never seen, as others do because my father will not allow him to play with a real missile until he passes his tests. Based on a beautiful tropical island (some punishment!), And comes his chance to shine when the rest of the family - a group of white-haired blondes who look like a neo-Nazi boy band without distinction - are stranded in space, Running around the jungle and making a phone call and shooting a hose at the bad comedians and drowning them in the fire for a bad measure. <br /> <br /> Good points are few and far between. One of them is that the film is mostly in focus. The other is that they all have to go to the Seychelles, which looks nice. <br /> <br /> Bad points: where to start? Ben Kingsley Performance Lowpoint Career? The above-mentioned culprits who will betray the Children's Film Foundation at its worst? The almost complete lack of motion or effects in a $ 70 million science fiction film? The terrible scenario, the dead end, the hateful morality? But most of all is the fact that the film takes care of all possible ways. We forget the lessons of life and the sense of the hand. It is a film that is aimed directly at those who are less than 80s of people who know that they are making a film for the child and talking to their intended audience and throwing jokes and routines of this class. This would offend most children who have mastered the art of speaking recently. This film can replace early bedtime without dinner as a favorite parental punishment for children. <br /> <br /> The biggest flipping in the history of a British film (not even covering the cost of publications and marketing) is watching only if it is a lesson in how to make a summer film.
