Jonathan Freaks is a good actor, and when he does not run a family film, he's a good director. But, in fact this film should not have been directed, and the script should have been rejected. The director and the writer must understand the reality of what the original TV program was, as well as who the characters were and how they worked. The original series had many episodes in sharp writing using a good dialogue and with positions that American producers would not think of using in children's programs, less than a film, making the original series well received by adults. I mean, Tracys were university graduates and some even drank alcohol and smoked tobacco! There were figures killed, although most of them were bad guys. If they wrote it the way they were originally, which did not discourage things through poor dialogue and humor in kindergartens and a weak conspiracy, this Universal / Studio Canal joint venture would not have such bad reviews. <br /> <br /> This animated image is almost pure. If you've seen the original Supermarionation series, you'll know what I'm talking about! <br /> <br /> The first thing that was out of place and annoying was the continuing signs of the Ford Motor Company, even though it was far from the fact that Penelope was walking around in a distorted Ford Thunderbird to make it look like FAB-1 instead of using what was more Convenience In view of Ms. Penelope's station (not to mention being more faithful to the origin), the ROLLS-ROYCE FAB-1. She is supposed to be a prominent member of British society, hence the preference for the best types of cars in England in the original series. One of the other reviewers pointed out that Penelope would not die in the Ford car. It is true in the context where the idea of ​​riding in a Ford car did not succeed. At least they could ride a Penelope in a Jaguar made of FAB 1 because Jaguar is a British car owned by Ford, but no! They had to use FORD directly! But the status of the Ford product does not end there. Every single car you may see is Ford! Even the flash news that is shown on TV in the Ford sponsored movie! Ford, Ford, Ford! The predominance of Ford cars makes this film a clear marketing tool for Ford. <br /> <br /> The original series had a future design in the 1960s and is still ahead of its time to date. But the future design of the original series worked because there was an effort to make the design seem practical and practical. This type of therapy was not present in the film, as everything was oversimplified, thus defeating the sense of functionality and practicality. Many things have been done in the film's meticulous design of elegance, several times without any sense of function to give this feeling a sense of mind. <br /> <br /> The original series relied on good acting performance of vocal talent to overcome the limited expressions in the dolls, making them vibrant in the rings. The brilliant and lively result of Barry Gray's music has helped to increase public outreach to the story and characters and how it gathers everything to help achieve the ultimate goal (little Stanislavsky). The film, on the other hand, had some oversized displays. Anthony Edwards beat the minds wrong, and Bill Paxton, where Jeff Tracy did not work in spite of the decent representation (one of the few), and there were better options for Ben Kingsley Hood, and many others I do not care to mention (will take a long time). Quite simply, the customers were more sincere! Second, the stunning result of Hans Zimmer's public music was a combination of "Days of Thunder" and "Apollo 13." <br /> <br /> Of course, the hood. The Hood in the original series had the ability to communicate with Kyrano through the Kyrano statue as an outlet for ESP communication. But, this is where his extraordinary power ended. He is the master of disguise and deception, which allows him to infiltrate without discovery (most likely, anyway) to collect information about Thunderbirds by his own means. He also uses weapons to defend himself, including pistols, and generally collects information using a film camera, although he attempted to steal Thudnerbirds 1 and 2 in the 1960s version United Artists for "Thunderbird 6" (which was the last show Thunderbirds filmed in Supermarionation It was the second release of the Thunderbird play). But while he is the opponent of international rescue, The Hood is not the villain in every episode of the Thunderbird, and tends to avoid direct confrontation with International Rescue. It is clear that in the film he is the main villain, but he and his colleagues appear to be acting more suspiciously, along with Hood's ability to control mind thinking, including the ability to move things and move himself to flight for short periods of time. This completely deviates from The Hood as a character in the original series with a character that might make the children laugh and the people familiar with the series shuffle their heads in confusion or leave the theater in a state of disgust. <br /> <br /> There is more criticism, but the limit of 1000 words for IMDb reviews will not allow me to list them all. So, I'll close by noting that I did not enjoy this movie. In fact, I think it sucks! After watching the original series and Supermarionation movies (Thunderbirds Are Go, Thunderbird 6), I was hoping to get something much better than this. <br /> <br /> The original Supermarionation was more sophisticated and elegant than this direct action farce. (That's what he says good.) - Cape Wales
