I am not a fan of the Left Behind books series - books are written in a reading level for the sixth grade with a lack of research and understanding of science, technology and politics. While the books succeed in maintaining their fulfillment of the Bible, their methods of prophecy are often absurd (eg, their interpretation of the Russian / Arab invasion of Israel). Also, the books have an unmistakable accent and accent that will stop believers rather than bring them to the gospel. However, I found myself reading these books because of my interest in the events of revelation. For a similar reason, I watched this adaptation film. It saddens me to say that it is a fairly mediocre film that limits the poor. Representation is in fact fairly decent for the most part with occasional parts of misrepresentation and over-representation. The text is fairly bad, although it is hardly unexpected when starting the novel as a basis. Characters are poorly drawn and lag behind. The events are scattered and disconnected. The dialogue sometimes seemed rushed. At least the book was able to identify the theory of a hockey plot. Here, the viewer is left in a state of chaotic and inconsistent meaningless unless one reads the book. The speed of the film is also performed very badly, with the opening and closing very fast, pulling halfway to a very slow pace that makes it feel padded. Music has schizophrenia. Sometimes, it successfully confirms the mood and sounds appropriate for a moving image. In other moments, remember me a series of sitcoms and mini-music. Other bits still remind me of an MTV soundtrack that does not belong to the movie. I can give the movie points to the horror scene on board, but that's all. Other scenes involving disaster after rapture are far from convincing. The film also suffers from biblical preaching, though its message is not as it is in your face. In all, the film was found to be just as disappointing as the series. This is not the film that mobilizes Christians around him. I hope this film will not get any interest in theaters next year. It would be more bad publicity for Christianity. For an example of a persuasive, intelligent and thoughtful series based on revelation offers a realistic and Christian view of the world without offending the secular reader (who must be the one who tries to reach him Christian) BeauSeigneur. It is a wonderful reading and it is a much better choice for non believers or believers who value quality.
