The motives of motion picture producers have never been more transparent. Let's see: First, they get every TV preacher willing to prepare this film as the greatest thing since sliced ​​white bread. In addition, they encourage as many fundamentalist Christians as possible to buy copies of the film to recover expensive production costs and increase the advertising budget. Finally, when the movie hits the theaters, get as many Christians as possible who can see it again, and transfer them to multiple multiples if necessary, not according to the film itself, but because opening the box office will be No. 1 seen as a kind of victory Deep spiritual. <br /> <br /> But this, of course, will not be enough. I imagine that any film critic who has the courage to give the "left" anything less than a glowing review would be considered "anti-Christian." <br /> <br /> Of course, you should not be surprised by this shameless marketing campaign. anyone. It is, in the end, good old capitalism at work. What surprises me is the number of people absorbed in the entire "Left Behind" mentality. As a person who tries to balance his spiritual beliefs with a sense of reason and rationality, he leaves me ashamed. There seem to be a lot of people who actually believe that "rapture" will happen sometime in the near future, and that millions of people across the Earth will disappear simultaneously into the air. What kind of reality, I wonder, these people live in? Is this "ecstasy" something they really believe in, or is it something they want so badly? When they reach the end of their lives and realize that this "rapture" did not happen, will they be disappointed and disappointed? Are there still people after 100 years now insisting that "rapture" is imminent? <br /> <br /> In a way, I hope such an event happens! What an interesting day it will be! What will be more interesting is whether the end of the world will happen in a more dramatic way, not in the anthropological sense of the authors of the series "Left Behind," but as Steven Spielberg's production, boiling boiling, trumpets, angels descending from the sky, turning the moon into blood, Nine yards. Imagine reaching into the realization that everything has become real, just as evangelicals have been warning for years, and that there is something more wonderful than the cold, harsh and physical reality in which we live. Would not that be something? <br /> <br /> However, in the final analysis, this cold, difficult, material reality I will satisfy myself. My life is not so meaningless that I need to fear "rapture" and "end times" to understand it all ... I do not need heaven or hell to bribe me or to behave properly, thank you very much.
