It's been a while since I first saw this, so I saw it again with the second film in the series. Although I realize that there is a third film I have not seen yet, I will review it under the original title ... <br /> <br /> Only from the point of view of the value of production, screen writing and filmmaking, this film failed on many levels, Although his success on a few also. What can you expect from a low budget B movie? Not much, and it works from the point of view of production. However, writing is definitely disjointed, with little in the way of personal development ... exactly what I was expecting when there was an agenda for a film. I did not have a representation problem ... cast solid. However, the scenario in both films gives actors little chance of extending themselves. Because the film is "Christian," this is predictable, since you can not portray the violent chaos in the "end times" without breaking some of the ethics usually associated with Christianity. In other words, the mistake is to turn this into a G-rated movie, when content is classified, even in the most conservative interpretations in the Bible, through any action. So, if the purpose of the film is to intimidate people in the Christian faith, then the film should be rather frightening, right? However, you can not comment on a movie from a book without commenting on the book, or in this case, a series of books. Of course, there are plenty of Christian materials that deserve enough to be turned into movies ... but not the "Left Behind" series ... These films fail in the end because, despite being the best sellers, they are poorly written novels based on bad theology. <br /> <br /> As a Southern Baptist minister, I admit that books were a pleasure for me, although I have not finished the last two books of this series. You have described them as a decent fantasy, and if the books take the view that this is a "possibility" or an explanation of the subject of the final epistemology (the study of the "end times"), then I can live with it. This series is divisive in Christian circles because it encourages the "literal" interpretation of the entire Bible over a more appropriate interpretation, which inevitably leads to the view of "pre-tribal, pre-millennium", which limits the view of all of God's powerful and far removed from the world of humanity, Other, as I have always said, God should not need our helicopters and bombs to do his final work, but because many people, especially uneducated Christians, can not yet think of the world's views, we have left with a pro-conservative fundamentalist position regarding the interpretation of the book Holy, and attempts to sell him The "sole" interpretation of the phrase. <br /> <br /> Thus, books carry with them the agenda, not much to get "lost" to understand their need for Christ, but to say that the fundamentalist view is the only correct way to understand the Bible. I remember very clearly (several years ago) in the second novel a scene where the characters refer to a person who "left behind" because of his disobedience to this point of view, as if the "true" Christians who deserve to "beat" can not hold onto the last thing. This is annoying for several reasons, the least of which is that "rapture" is mentioned only briefly in the Bible and it is associated with true prophecy at the end of a weak time at best. <br /> <br /> But the real issue with these books comes in the way they divide the Christian community and portray the "real" Christian behavior. In the end, I feel that they are hardening more people into a legitimate religion / religion rather than earning people towards it. It converts all Christians into caricatures, despised and laughed by the world even though there is a theological space for a wide variety of beliefs within Christian thought and practice. As a Christian entity, in general, we have done enough of this kind of damage to society for more than 2,000 years of history ... and we definitely do not need to promote it with the film, perhaps millions of others. <br /> <br /> Left Behind films therefore fail because "Left Behind" books do not deserve to be translated into movies.
