The Legend of Bloody Jack is set in the Alaska wilderness and begins as a relative of some of the dead magic experts Lumberjack who reads The Evil Dead (1982) from an old spell book in an attempt to revive him. Big believer in the family unit Exquisite woodcutter kills his relative. Two days later, Ray (Travis Quentin Young) and his sister Dawn (Erica Hoag) and her boyfriend Nick (Craig Bonacorsi) and four friends walked out of the comfortable wooden cabin (The Evil Dead style ...) with a relaxing weekend Wild. Unfortunately, the lumbering Lumberjack killer appears with his ax and starts slaughtering friends one by one ... <br /> <br /> It was edited, written, executed, directed and directed by Todd Portugal. Flick about their likes that kill this kind of horror for me, I'm not a fan of very low-budget horror movies with the values ​​of video production for the holidays. The script is very bad at all for 80 minutes, and has all the nasty bad cliches, horrible personal, terrible dialogue and hard to pay attention to anyone or anything in this worthless excuse for a teen teenager movie. The teenagers are more annoying and stupid than usual, the script is more aggressive, predictable and flawed than the usual, Lumberjack lame asshole killer. Then there are the last ten minutes or so, which if you reach this limit and think it is difficult, it produces one of the worst twists that end in the history of the bright film, something that interests me making fun of us the paid public who has had just sit in 90 minutes Of crap. I will now spoil the end until anyone stops wanting to know about reading now. Basically, just before the end of the film, the film returns to Ray telling a story, and it turns out that he was telling the story of what we just saw & Nick & Dawn, and that everyone hates him for such a bad story (I felt pain) and then go ahead to pick holes in him and laugh at him . To say why they stood up and argued, why they did not pick up the ax and such things, I felt that this was making fun of the audience because those were the kinds of things I asked myself while watching this crap and let it roll my throat and made it clear that the manufacturers knew that the script was nonsense They could see all the holes in it and set off at the end of a crooked mercilessly ashamed of the previous eighty minutes (which we just had to remember) it was just a little grating. Then to give insult to injuries, Dude shows up in Lumberjack and kills everyone in two minutes, why did not he do it to start? It could have saved everyone a lot of time. <br /> <br /> The Portuguese director is in a state of real chaos, and this has the worst continuity between day and night in a film I have ever seen. The film is supposed to be fully tuned at night, and I suspect the manufacturers tried to use the day in the night process, but it did not work, and most of it seems to have been caught during the day. For example, see Lisa's time in the bathroom as she climbs out the window. Obviously the color is black outside when looking out from inside the bathroom but when you fall to the ground and cut the movies into an outside shot, it is in the bright daylight. Then there is the fact that Vince Ranger says that we can not get a party here until the "morning" which shows that it was supposed to be the night, then after several minutes when he walks outside it seems that in the middle of the day he actually carries around the torch that is working Clearly it clearly indicates the directions where it seems to be night. At any time there is a scene in the cabin overlooking the windows, the color is black outside and when you enter the Ranger through the door to begin another obvious example. Continuity in this film is simply the worst I have ever seen. There are not many feelings, there are a few ax scenes that enter the bodies of people but there is nothing unforgettable. It is not scary, there is no tension or atmosphere, and the terrifying continuity of day and night is just a distraction because it is very clear. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is at the bottom, and again the continuity between night and day must be seen to be believed how bad it is. The special effects are poor and they were not even able to show a car blowing though they are very vital for the plot. This has an amateur clock written all over from start to finish. The representation is very cool and all participants must get an Oscar, just nah, it was not really quite bad, and even the girls who screwed their breasts did not look good. <br /> <br /> The Legend of Bloody Jack is just an awful teen flick, and it seems to have been filmed on a video camera without using a tripod or static camera, and has terrible, boring and enduring effects that are crooked and are either the most insulting. The history of the horror film or I have completely erred is the most intelligent. It is not advisable to watch a decent morgue from the 1970s and 1980s to remind you of how to do it.
