I must immediately say that I checked the spoilers box just because I give this comment the amount of thought that fits with what it deserves from this mess of film, and I do not want to be responsible for some of the plot points being displayed. <br /> <br /> This comment will take the form of tirade for the simple reason that I am still under the influence of this film, having just seen it, and the unique effect that makes it incapable of this kind of thinking structure and the paragraph required for coherent criticism and logic. This is not a compliment. It is not the anesthetic effect of a sleepy or thought-provoking movie. The feelings of some of Voltron's emotional emotions, which consist of a confusing mix of some kind of anger, a vague desire to shower, a ruthless ruthlessness, and a real betrayal that one realizes when he realizes that he has given 109 minutes of life in the hands Someone will not only waste them, but will do so in an inexorably prolific way. I probably would not have done anything super productive with those 109 minutes anyway! But even if you spend it on something trivial, like a set of online poker games, you will feel more satisfied when it is said and done everything. <br /> <br /> The problems of this film are innumerable and in better times, I have made it quite clear what they were almost too. But in keeping with what this movie deserves, I think I'm more likely to stick to the realm of masturbation jokes and animated references. <br /> <br /> The most irritating and final flaw is that while watching this movie, one of the hooligans realized that producers and participants thought they were making a smarter film than they were. Which shows the depth of knowledge one can obtain in a one-semester survey on the history of Western art in a community college or business school, accumulating the language of technical terms from all directions, with many of them provided by the conversation between our hero, the tortured detective Stan (William Davo, who will forgive him for this film because he is Willem Dafoe) and his old arch-friend Blair (Peter Sturmar, takes a break from playing a social expert who becomes easy to kill by playing 2-dimensional plot in a film about sociopath, . And talk they do. In fact, we have signed up in this story at the crime scene which may refer to the re-emergence of serial killer Stan thought to have been killed years ago, so the whole background story is partly founded through the unclear flashback, but primarily through simplified conversations between Stan And his dealer, or Stan and his colleague, Carl's unforgivable wrath (Scott Speedman). Although I characterize Karl (Scott Speedman) about the actor who plays with the arches, I must admit that early in the film I despised this character so much that I actually found myself sincerely harming the actor portrayed by Scott Speedman. Nothing is too fancy. No death or paralysis necessarily .. but maybe herpes? Or maybe the stage light falls on him and crushes his arm? This is a serious digression, but I am not working on editing it because I want to leave anyone reading this who is thinking of paying to see this train destroy a film with a clear impression of the terrible desires and feelings aroused by a peaceful man. <br /> <br /> Well, I've run out of strength here. Throughout the writing of this sick feeling the movie brought me down, my head has relaxed a bit. I realized now that I was still investing time in something related to this piece, remarkably like waking up after a night of drinking drunkly next to the shape of a college girl who was still losing 200 pounds. Your first wish is a desperate desire to escape. this is normal.
