This episode was originally given a two rating - I wish now that I thought more about it. I also wish they had negative rating options. <br /> <br /> By watching it, I was amazed at how bad it all was from start to finish. I love Ron Perleman and John Carpenter ... What's wrong with that? Episode 13 of the last season was withdrawn because of the way it dealt with the issue of abortion. I think Mr. Carpenter has succeeded this season in making something symbolic so that you can not immediately see whether he is pro-choice or against abortion. Only after I sat down and thought about it, did I realize that it was largely abortive - you will get this more clearly in the end when the "mother" shoots and kills the child, which disturbs the "father", who walks in grief, Getting hurt. But you see it also in the way Ron P. is treated. I hardly think that if someone proves to be a threat in the past to have a restraining order against him, they will not immediately monitor the police. . Instead, we have a guard who deals with him almost sympathetically (only to pay for it in the end). I do not mind someone having a strong view on something, even if I do not agree with it, but I think it's a bit lame not to stand by that view, rather than trying to look like you're sitting somewhere in the middle. <br /> <br /> But, aside from political issues, this episode has been more than doubled. The music was in the 1970s and did not work. Representation (unlike Ron P) was poor. The effects were appalling - perhaps it was better not to show the beast at all than to show a lame excuse for their monster. <br /> <br /> All this, I am happy because they have masters of horror - do not mind sitting in really bad episodes to find the good. It's a bit like renting horror movies from a video store - every now and then, you get a good movie and it's worth it. I agree with the poster that says maybe the name needs to be changed from Masters - some of those people who do not deserve the title only. (Let me stress this - so I hated this episode, John Carpenter deserves this title perfectly.
