I went to a video store and looked around to find some horror movies, and after about 30 minutes I just came out and moved out. Stumbled on the "masters of terror" which included "pro-life" and "right to die". They looked OK, the same old horror crap, but I was interested for some reason. I talked about "Pro-Life" about being classically, and returning to the model for John Carpenter (I liked his book "The Thing", so I thought it would be good). So I started to think it would be something wonderful and fun, I was very wrong ... I started unofficially, just a girl passing through a forest, afraid of something. The car stops and picks up (just the people you need to see, amazing?) They return to some clinics and check it. Every time this happens, her father shows up at the door and does not let him in. It's not loud near the area. Probably something he would have done in the past, but you do not know anything about it right now. He really does not want his daughter in this place, a center for abortion. He strongly opposes such acts, believing that he is ill and not what God wants. He "supports" what I heard called "pro-life". Work against abortion and go to the maximum limit to allow children to give birth, they are sick. They do not like the life of an unborn being, but they killed humans in the past to allow birth? Justice is only a weave of the mind. However, after returning to the correct track, after examining the girl, they discover they are pregnant, but they are far ahead of what they should be. She was pregnant in just a few weeks, but months ago. She continues to tell them that they will not understand her, that she wants abortion and everything, but she is told that she was raped by a demon from Hell, and that her father wants this child (but he believes that "God" wants this child, he does not really do). He gets his three sons (they arm themselves with pistols and rifles) and begins to make their way to the clinic (dropping anyone who will not cooperate). The head of the clinic, who must have had a problem with them in the past, is well prepared this time. It ends with the killing of one of the father's parents, but in the end he is shot several times (wearing a bulletproof vest). The Father then performs what is believed to be done to the woman. I have cut a hole, where the vagina will be if female, and stick to something and suck all this blood. While all this happens, the girl gives birth to a demon with many legs, raises some devil from the ground (not in the same room) and starts looking for his child. Father sees this later, and begins to wonder why it happened, and what he was told to do, and does not understand why. Satan has killed both of his sons earlier, and now goes to the father ... while killing the infant girl, and the devil carries him away (not in the same scene). <br /> <br /> Yes, it may look fantastic, and an exciting horror film, but it is not. The representation is horrible and lacks enthusiasm, the text is boring and not even creative, they choose the wrong characters and do not build on them; everything together, all the small parts, add nothing to something wonderful, a waste of time. I will not classify this as a horror, although it contains elements of horror, they eventually fail in what they are trying to achieve. It looked like a short film "For Beginners", more than John Carpenter. <br /> <br /> Sorry for the lack of information and my detailed review, I did not have time to waste writing something exciting. Also sorry if my spelling and details are incorrect, I can not be bothered to look at anything.
