I was looking forward to seeing the John Carpenter episode in season two because the first one, Cigarette Burns, was by far the best of Season 1 (and I loved other episodes of that season). Oh, how disappointed. <br /> <br /> In the fairness of Carpenter, I think the main problem in this episode was the very terrible writing. It seems that the characters, apart from the subject, behave and speak as if they were written in an episode of Walker, Texas Ranger. The acting was bad, and I usually liked Ron Perlman so much, but I can not blame them so much because the writing was so awful. I will not try to guess what the writers were trying to do because it would be useless, but it seems they were trying to mix terror (obviously) with some form of social commentary on abortion and religion. In this case, it is not surprising that the chance to break a certain category or religious cocks as well as anti-abortion fanatics appears. I support both goals but it was so terrible that I felt embarrassed to see the characters behave and speak with such a stupid contradiction. This completely failed to provide any useful view on the subjects and the failure of the element of horror along with such inefficient writing. <br /> <br /> While I do not think Carpenter can be blamed for most of the bad here I will say he chose the proximity directive and therefore bears responsibility for it. There are a few small pieces that I found nice, and then the two stars that I gave them. <br /> <br /> The real effects of the tumor and the monster were good, but the effect of CGI gore (separate shots on the head) was also obviously that the CGI of poor quality should never be given OK. I am generally very critical of CGI but not because I am having a problem in principle. I have a problem with doing this. This technology, though amazing in some ways, is not good enough to match the "real" effects, whether it is a particular gemini or gatin, when it is supposed to match something organic and / or alive and therefore should not be used until it is done. CGI can be used well in small quantities or obviously if the film is fully animated. <br /> <br /> I will also take this opportunity to note that the title of the show, Masters of Horror, is a bad title. There simply are not many actual "masters of horror". Maybe two or three. If the show called "horror story" or something like that would be fine. But since they are consistent with the management standards of one of these episodes, and therefore criticized for not being the "master of horror", they contain at least one horror film in her career. It does not have to be a good idea.
