* Many spoilers in this review * This movie was terrible. I'm a big fan of baseball, so I thought I was watching him, and I was very disappointed. It started to go well .. When I saw the bad influence that DeNiro had on his little son, I was hoping to become a better father during the film or anything. Anyway, at first it seemed like Dino was supposed to be the protagonist. He was the only one who believed in Bobby, and he had his beloved son who had lost his care, which gave me reason to feel bad about him. He wanted to help Bobby by talking to Primo, when Primo stabbed brutally to death ... not to mention repeating this imitation song "I want to love you !!!!" In inappropriate moments. <br /> <br /> Later, when DeNiro saved Bobby's son from drowning, I was hoping to recover the movie itself .. He could have forgiven himself for killing Primo if he saved the son of Bobby. But of course this is beyond the depth of the film, because all he cares about is getting credit for the murder, and doing so by robbing Bobby's son, his car and his dog and holding them hostage - Bobby just has to hit the house and announced that DeNiro is "a real fan" Bites with a knife. <br /> <br /> We have now reached the totally unrealistic scene in the end ... it flows like hell and we are expected to believe that the game has not been called. Then DeNiro somehow appears magically in the field wearing a judgment suit, calls Bobby out of the house, and continues to pull his knife and start stabbing everyone running to the field. It seems that there are no officers in the field (but the police are on their way), so DeNiro steps on the hill and prepares to set up a knife for Bobby when he is shot to death. But do not worry, this happy and happy film has a happy ending, because Bobby found his son. <br /> <br /> This is not a mathematical film. It's not about fan. To my knowledge, admirers are not psychopaths who threaten, steal, and throw knives at their fans. This is probably the most deadly film I'll ever see. The plot was shallow, the sound was absorbed, and the film had no purpose at all. Warn you not to waste your time in this disgusting excuse for a movie.
