The London Underground features something creepy in nature, with its long winding tunnels and escalators that take you deeper and deeper underground, and of course the mice roam the tracks. It was used in the seventies horror Deathline aka Raw Meat, which includes a cannibal tribe living in an abandoned tunnel, and a hunt sequence celebrated at the American Werewolf in London. So I was pleased to see someone else trying to take advantage of the tube atmosphere at night with the UK's latest Creep production. <br /> <br /> I thought the film had started well with a very effective credit sequence that was really disturbing, followed by a scene in the sewer that laid the premise of something evil lurking under the streets of London. However, Creep came down from here and found myself wishing to turn it off after this opening scene, leaving me a positive impression of the film. All the characters became unpopular and unpopular, even Potent herself, and the director felt the need to hit us with a social commentary about homelessness. He made a mistake in showing the "monster" in full illumination, where he stopped being remotely scary, and named Craig. How can you have a monster called Craig? It turns into something of type X files, and mentions one of the graves of the ring. In fact, I would have liked Mulder and Skoley to come and see them all for me. <br /> <br /> As for the heinous sexual violence, it is very decrepit, unnerving and absolutely unnecessary. There seems to be only a shock to the public and not to any value of the plot. The problem is that it's very scary and you do not think that in fact the rest of you is scared, and that's a mistake because it's only in the middle of the film. <br /> <br /> So, there you go. The only advantage of redeeming the film for me was the rare appearance of Ken Campbell, one of your favorite actors. Do not see it too much, but when it's on the screen, everyone else behaves in a corner. His choice as a sewage inspector was a genius blow, unfortunately, was the only obvious thing in the film.
