I like movies about alien objects, which is why I recently decided to re-watch behind the stars after seeing them when I was a child in the late 1970s. Now I have to write a review on this subject because I'm afraid I'll start forgetting everything about him quickly. As you can see, although EBTS is not bad, it is very boring and not described. The story is interesting but flat. The actors are good but their roles are a bit boring and confusing. FX is terribly amateurish, but I can overlook such a thing if the film is convincing, which, unfortunately, is not so. <br /> <br /> Also, there is very little violence and there is no nudity at all, which in the seventies of the last century was an Italian science fiction in contrast to the real oddity, because if there is something that distinguishes Italian genre films that were produced in the 1970s The last century of the films of species in other countries produced in the same decade, it represents an amazing amount of violence and sex can be found in them. Strangely, because of the almost complete lack of exploitative elements, EBTS stands out from the rest of the agreement. I do not know if this can be considered a compliment. Personally, I can enjoy a film without sex and violence, but I think the EBTS need more violence and some sex here and there for spice because it is dull and dry. Special effects are not special. <br /> <br /> The story itself is really interesting. It's a mix of X-FILES and BLACKUP movies for Antonioni: a photographer who accidentally shoots aliens while shooting a movie in the country. The foreigners know that they were caught in the film as they begin to kidnap the photographer and model, destroying any evidence of their presence on the ground. The problem begins when the model meets a man in the apartment of the newly abducted photographer (this happens shortly before being abducted). The man takes some negatives and leaves, with foreigners have no knowledge of the negatives lost. The whole story revolves around the desire of this man to learn more about aliens and a secret espionage group wanting to get the negatives. Most of the films revolve around boring political plots, in a spy versus a diverse spy. The UFO of the story is almost unimportant and can easily be replaced by any McGuffin Cold War. But as is as dull as the eyes behind the stars, it looks like X-FILES a lot! I wonder if Chris Carter has seen this movie. Anyway, the best thing about the EBTS is the BOV footage, which is creepy and effective. But the rest are almost forgotten, including the glamorous foreigners. <br /> <br /> Although I was mostly negative about this film, I am quite proud of it. I still remember the effective advertising campaign that scared me when I saw it as a child. I own the video. The film could have been much more if it had been done correctly. Oh, okay...
