Creep is the story of Kate (Potente), an unwanted bourgeois bitch who finds herself asleep somehow through the noise of another underground train, and wakes up to find herself trapped in a subway station. After somehow meeting with a co-worker and raping Gay in a mystery train that runs after the lines are closed, things explode and find themselves chased by what lies beneath the city streets. Her story is related to the story of George Blackwood, a former sanitation worker; they meet in the last third of the film, combined by their attempts to escape the monster who is chasing them. <br /> <br /> The couple progress through a range of increasingly improbable sites; from the metro station, they end up in the sewerage business before they find themselves in one way or another in an abandoned operation. Most of the underground stations do not have latrines, so how to perform one operation is outside me. Of course, the film is interested in explaining that the surgery does not contain running water. Yet it has electricity? Just one of the many contradictions that work against the everyday believable atmosphere that the film tries to create. <br /> <br /> The monster itself is a problem. There is a complete lack of thinking about their actions, they kill people only for no apparent reason. And then, of course some keep alive without a real reason as well, so maybe they can eventually escape and give the film another 15 minutes or so. I understand that natural evil is supposed to be scary, but then the film tries to explain itself through a picture of the doctor and his son, some shots containing some jars containing children, and yes, he is tired and quite pathetic looks. He fails to explain how the creature was long enough to lose the ability to speak, and communicate only in Raptor's cry, but not long enough to break his short wife. Okay. <br /> <br /> This doctor's work is a scene that is the desperate attempt of the film to plant itself in your memory, and though it is obsessive and uncomfortable to watch it, it is not enough. The last third of the film is based on a relationship that never existed, characters decompose and recover for a simple reason or for no apparent reason. George collapses, unable to deal with anything even though he wants to escape so he can see his daughter again, and Kate becomes emotionally difficult after seconds of cutting it over to someone who has disassembled her to get a travel card. Yeah. <br /> <br /> After starting with the movie "This can happen to anyone," it quickly collapses because it offers ideas that make it more realistic. The total lack of emotional attention to personality and the absence of suspense make it unavoidable.
