Originally called a modulator. The Nostril Picker is a poor story about a single person named Joe Bukowski (Carl Zarching) who "likes young musicians." Unable to socialize with the girls as he bumps into a hobo taught by a private Vietnamese song. This "chant" involves a "London Bridge is Falling Down" on the go like a Morris dancer. However, ugly Joe tries out Hey Presto! He is now a girl. Ideally, a young man must be in order to attract girls. But let's not talk about the ideals here - this film was produced in 1983 and released in 1993, in an ideal world that should never be released. <br /> <br /> The Film Asylum has released this horror as "mental amazement," pork is a storyteller. "It's even worse, Nostril Picker actually takes biscuits, and in fact the whole cake jar of God's curse. It is only when things can not become more absurd that the story begins on the enormous shadow, for example, Joe decides to kill the girls by going back to himself, but I thought he wanted to get closer to them. Satisfied with being a killer, Joe also turns into cannibals and eats some of his victims, and they number only about 3-4. <br /> <br /> The highlight of this terrible film is that Joe picks up a prostitute (Stephen Andrews) and then takes "he" to his apartment ... What's going on defies the following belief ... Joe turns into a man, but also discovers that a bitch is a man. Benny Hill-Escuier, chasing her around the apartment with a bunch of filthy dildos just for a trip on a blow-up doll, knows what Patrick J. Matthews and Stephen Hodge think, at least this scene paved the way for another priceless moment. This included the men who reported the incident to a police officer with curly hair dressed as a "policeman" in a joke shop. Hilarious acting is a must see. Especially the inability of Hawker to say "dildo" and his claim "complacent". <br /> <br /> Regardless of the above incident, this slippery, slippery flick was full. You know a bad movie when the DVD trailers were more exciting. Normally, I was quickly advancing to the good bits, just not here. The main sequence of action Joe is simply involved in stabbing his victims over and over again. Forget the quick cuts, Matthews uses fadeouts (one during the stab scene) to reduce any form of thrill there may already be. A girl's reaction to her chopped fingers is laughable. I usually enjoyed the word "uncolored" but in this case it was far from the pond. Only more painful cinematic torture. The entire film looked like an unshaken episode of mid-summer murders, which is less amusing. I hated to see the short version. <br /> <br /> In short, the Nostril is the most invisible thing I have seen since Richard Richard's O 5 watch. Poor performance has made it worse because of horrible soundtracks and bad dubbing. Do not be fooled by the name of the box, this is not a classic tradition unless you are eligible for worship that allows you to use shitty-horror-dvds for coffee. Which I think he does. Unless the adjustment is repeated for 30 minutes, stay away from this chaotic mess.
