Sometimes a unique film comes. The Nostril Picker is one of its kind, The Nostril Picker is unlike any other film I've ever seen, unfortunately for The Nostril Picker & I'm unique for reasons other than what the filmmakers originally intended. Read and hope everything becomes clear ... The Nostril Picker, as is generally known although it was apparently filmed under the title The Changer, starts with some very boring shots of an American city somewhere, in the streets and the factory with this sort of thing , As credits open play. When the Nostril Picker begins, the viewer is introduced to a real loser named Joe Bukowski (who is in his forties), living alone in a crazy little flat where he watches television, eating beef, listening to vinyl records The old is dancing with a rubber sex doll. Joe loves teen girls, he has many pornographic magazines but he enjoys something more real than that. However, being an ugly gate, Joe can not be tempted by any young ladies to come out with him, or do anything else with him on this matter. On one ominous day, a homeless Vietnamese veterinarian (Horace Grim) sees the pain and pain that Joe must pass through (he actually sees Joe talking to him by the police because of his quarrels with a teenage girl) and decides to help him. He tells Joe about a mantra he learned from Jook in Vietnam that will transform the look of Joe into what he loves. A process he calls morphology, but at the same time Joe warns that he "makes you crazy if you do it too much." That night, Joe decided his experience, in a public place on the podium for some reason. Joe says a few words, doing a very silly dance and starts yodelling. Joe ends up whistling London Bridge is falling, hear Yes, I do not. At first, Joe feels very disappointed when nothing big happens. For the same console, Joe tries to buy a porn mag but is shocked when the author (Kevin Devoi) refuses to sell it to a girl below the legal age. Joe, the bright spark, realizes what happened and talks about how to get out of it by asking his father / mother to send him / her to buy it. Joe, now called Josephine (Anne Flood), senses the potential and the heads directly to the local high school. Joe Armstrong (Laura Cummings), Crisie Stroud (Jill Didier), Tracy Harper (Heidi M. Gregg) and Brenda Kern (Emmy Molinaro) While denying him, Oh & Jo managed to become a schoolgirl simply by Question of the sports teacher Miss Van Dyck (Vicky Hollis). At first it seems that Joe is harmless enough, he just likes lounging in girls' toilets and things like that. But things soon changed as Joe brutally killed Brenda. The father of Jennifer, Vince Armstrong (Edward Tanner) is an investigator, along with his partner Ed Simpson (Clyde Suriel) and Walt Spencer (Bruce Alden), a pathologist determined to arrest a patient responsible for killing his daughter's friends. ? The IMDb list for The Nostril Picker is wrong, I've only seen it for hours now and it clearly shows that it was directed by Mark Nowicki, who was also a co-producer and certainly not Patrick J. Matthews, who was adopted as a co-producer & the cinematographer, not because he makes a big difference and I thought Nowicki It was more than happy for Matthews to get "credited" in making this piece of waste. No one involved in making The Nostril Picker should go anywhere near the camera again, at all. Nostril Picker is one of the worst movies I have ever seen, and that's something to say. It is very terrible in every possible way imaginable. The scenario written by Stephen Hodge is outrageous, with no narrative structure, excitement, tension, drama, personality development, and the things that happen are a very stupid mind. The plotting devices and the series of events at The Nostril Picker are not fully understood. The scene in which Joe the prostitute (Stephen Andrews) who is hired is actually that guy & Joe starts chasing him around his apartment with two dildo flow is simply jaw dropping objects. The next scene When the transsexual informs the police of the incident joyfully, I laugh in the dialogue. She hated the end too, was not only predictable, but also left the door open for a sequel, but mentally shuddered just to think! On the technical level, the Nostril Picker is terrible, photographic, dotted and hopeful, poor and inappropriate music, forgotten places, poorly modified (Brenda killed in the kitchen yet her blood lay on the TV was clear in the opposite room), some of the worst During special effects are very ineffective consisting of a few broken rubber fingers and throat slit and the quick scene where Joe eats some meat. It is not surprising that the staff and staff who worked on The Nostril Picker have almost no IMDb credits for anything before or after. Even in the odd 76 minutes the Nostril Picker is still long and really boring. I can continue throughout the day about how poorly the Nostril Picker is chosen. One thing I can not do is that all this was intentionally done by filmmakers? The Nostril Picker is actually a unique film, unique in its cruelty and incompetence. In the case of The Nostril Picker, I hope it will remain unique as well, after I said it is still not the worst film I have ever seen, but it is certainly close. Definitely one to avoid.
