Tarzan's character has been subjected to many clichés, and so many bad explanations that those who hope to have a different kind of version (people like me, I mean, who loved Tarzan's books as a child and they always wish to know the version of a movie that followed only a few books how it accumulates Recent revisions Some IMDb reviews address this point, but to you $ 0.20 <br /> <br /> I am only familiar with two Tarzan cinemas, namely Gristock with Christopher Lambert and the Disney Animated version, which tries to depict Edgar Rice Burroughs Somewhat interesting (the son of a beloved English couple beloved), T. After their death, a tribe of monkeys raised him as one of them, becoming "the master of the jungle"; his superior humanistic idea before returning to England and demanding his other identity) instead of the usual Hollywood jungle man whose origin is still obscure and his trademark is his famous owner, Speaking in English, although it is a long experience for people who know the language and habits in the swing on the vine and strength and length and so on. The only thing that these two people share is the name Tarzan and the fact that they have a wife named Jane. The television version of Ron Ely is a compromise: like Burroughs, he speaks fluent English and is masterful and polite in both cultures in a JamesBondish way, but he is not Lord Gristock and there is no gene. <br /> <br /> Well, this film is in the third category of Tarzan films, and I hope it will remain one category because it is terrible. This personal category is used as a means to, everything, soft porn. Jane, who played bad actress Bo Bo Derek in Africa, is looking for her father, a absent-minded professor who combes the jungle for something that has never been determined. Although her father is supposed to be missing for a long time, she finds it effortless. Richard Harris as my father is the best thing here; he thinks the film is stupid, so he enjoys exaggeration and exaggeration in a way that reminds me of the deliberately absurd Peter O'Toole's performance in New New Pussycat. My father explains the Tarzan legend ("a kind of ghost or soul" he says - either a steal from, or an unconventional attempt to honor King Kong) to his daughter, who at this point is unfamiliar with the monkey. Soon after, we hear the notorious cliches of Tarzan screaming. The death of his father, which does not seem strange that baffles his much devoted daughter. Then ..... <br /> <br /> Then Tarzan appears, but he says nothing. In fact, do not say anything during the entire film. He and Jin are in love, walking around wearing almost anything while remembering acne poems outside the screen. End. This is the plot. <br /> <br /> Well, not exactly; there is also a scene in which Tarzan wrestles unrealistically with the Boa-Boa Strait unusual, because it is the only unspeakable scene. Jane deals with the sting with the help of a chimpanzee who helps to remove the torn clothes to connect the wound to (I do not!), This is just one of her many excuses to take her clothes off. <br /> <br /> I always like to conclude a review by saying something positive, but this time it is difficult. Let's see ... Well, it's unfair to criticize this movie because it displays the Orangutan monkeys, although we all know that forest animals do not live in Africa; after all, Tarzan classic films used all the Indian elephants, did not they? Also, you have to recognize that Bo Derek is beautiful in face and shape. (But in this case, why did not Hell make just a technical model?) What do you say about a film when it's boring to look at a beautiful woman? I have not really decided whether they are positive or negative. I may, I can not finish a positive note. <br /> <br /> Watch this movie if you are a fan of bad movies. I'm here.
