Bo Po Derek may have been a career not to let her late husband John take over as director. It is real, not really, with the right direction and the right part (see "10"), Bo was fine. You will not win any of the awards even at its best, but it is not worse than many of the actress that has made it great in the last 15 years or the like based on looks alone. But the problem here is that John was determined to ride the wave Bo created in 10, being the "Top 10," "America's Hottest Woman," and "The Sex Symbol of the 1980s." The problem is, in John's hands, this wave crashed in a loud stroke in just a few years. He may have known her limits as an actress, and perhaps for this reason he has made films that focus on her body, not her acting skills. But it got real fast old. It was not useful to have John and Bo Derek's movies (let's be honest) really bad. The bad summary of their vision of the literary icon Edgar Rice Boro, Lord of the Forest, Tarzan monkeys. <br /> <br /> Do you know what is the worst? This movie is boring! Make me laugh, make me cry, just do not carry me. It can not evoke any striking appearance or appearance of any interest, and that is what the film is built on of course. Richard Harris (God bless himself, he and Bo were formerly at Orca BT) are bragging about it and making it interesting at least a bit interesting, and Miles O'Keefe makes Tarzan physically impressive. Perhaps he got the last laugh, after receiving a lot of venom from the critics about this film, Miles continued his career as a B movie icon, in films that were not a wonderful art, but more than a million times more fun than this. But otherwise, it's Bo's body, and you can only see it several times before you crave something else. Tarzan monkey has nothing else. John Derek was a truly dynamic actor and was not a way out. He had to stay with his strength. This film unfolds at a slow and frightening pace and nothing happens in the scenes of the movement. Tarzan Burroughs was about excitement and I hope he will (who does not want to be graceful, strong and good-looking like Lord Gristock?) And the fun! Do not get anything from this here. Watch it and you will waste 107 minutes of your life. In the second thought, you may get rid of a valuable lesson, how not to deal with a movie career for someone. <br /> <br /> Bo Derek is fine in my book though. She stood by John until the day of his death, and had a real love for animals and nature and even looked back with a giggle in the limelight. She has also proved that she is not the dumb blonde that many want her to be. If she can survive Tarzan and Bolero, she can survive anything. So, counting Bo, I've forgiven everything. <br /> <br /> Put aside, is Steve String playing the same bad guy as Steve String who has a short career in professional wrestling?
