Certainly one of the most classic bad republishing in the history of the film - especially since its line, "The Most Beautiful Woman of Our Time in the Most Exciting Adventure of All Times" - has not been properly exploited! Although this film has been regularly shown on television in my neck from the woods since my childhood, his fame (because of horror and not erotic content, mindful of you) has kept me away from it so far - and I am relieved that I recently enjoyed the previous film, 10 (1979), and he was watching a lot of fantastic things as well as during the Christmas period. <br /> <br /> The main actor / producer Bo Derek is ridiculed by playing an innocent female student (witness) the inefficient banana scene), and as expected, she was forced to undress several times, but as these scenes were welcome Richard Harris is constantly chewing on the scene as the father of the obsessive explorer Jane, but John Philippe Lou barely registers as an assistant who shows some initial interest in Jane herself; the newcomer Miles O'Keeffe has a role The tournament is only entered in his film for 45 minutes, which is completely silent except for his famous model (which may be raised from Johnny Weissmuller anyway!) And, moreover, it is impressive from trees hanging from them at regular intervals throughout the second half of the movie! He later starred in the two films ATOR (or Conan's Likely Consequences) by Joe Damato and King Arthur's reign, SWORD OF THE VALIANT (1984). <br /> <br /> When actor and director John Derek (who also works as his own cinematographer here) is still working with some good directors (Cecil B. De Mille, William Dietrel and Robert Rosen) and a few of the greatest actors (Otto Breminger and Nicholas Ray and Don Seagull), but he clearly knew that the direction of this was a big responsibility: the hummingbirds were sometimes horrified (watching the sequence of the very terrible snake attack) with the excessive use of slow motion technique and castles; this was Derrick's seventh film as director Four with wife Bo), and in the end, will only be able to produce two other films. <br /> <br /> The total failure of the film must be measured only by the fact that the Tarzan legend was treated again in the film - in GRAYSTOKE: The Legend of Tarzan, the Lord of the Apes (which, amazingly enough, did not even see myself) Now) - Only three years later! He was nominated for six Razzie Awards (including John Derrick, Richard Harris and Miles O'Keefe) and won one award for Bo Derek herself, Tarzan. His book was co-authored by Gary Goddard, future director of another expected transfer, Heroic (this time moving), Master Universe (1987) which I will return to at present (Yai)! In spite of the charming credit line that shows that Tarzan and Jane are playing with Orange Otan and the score of music is not very bad indeed and sometimes, any good late intentions are defeated by a very silly climax of native citizens who paint Bo completely white and deadly, John Derek is obviously uninterested Tarzan himself, which makes him come as a supportive figure is not important in his film, which bears the same title !!
