It is a great tragedy that Richard Harris and John Derek are no longer with us. But this should not obscure anyone from the fact that in 1981, beautiful spots appeared on both biographies of both men. There is no doubt that John Derrick conceives of this film as he does to his wife what he did "some like hot" and "a million years BC" to Marilyn Monroe and Rachel Welch respectively, creating a distinctive sexual symbol of the new decade. After jogging to embrace Dodley Moore on the beach in the reputation of '10' Bo, filming all the stars and sites in Sri Lanka meant that nothing could happen. Unfortunately, they say, plan humans and laugh God. It is said that when the film was first introduced in 1981, Edgar Rice Burroughs attempted to take legal action against him. Bo Derek plays the role of Jane Parker, who was sent to Africa at the turn of the century to be reunited with her disgusting father, Father Richard Harris. Daddy Parker is an explorer who discovered that "Great Inner Sea" is a local legendary thing, whose existence was loved by traditional wisdom. Harris deserves to be seen for a great and irritating performance, including Irish singing on an Indian elephant who somehow found his way to Africa (did he arrive at the same time as Orang-utan from Sumatra ???) Moreover, She claims to despise "Parker", but the relationship between "Bo" and "Rich" is creepy, a testimony perhaps to the effects of tropical heat. However, long before, local myths begin to spread around a "great white monkey", while the famous gene of fame is heard. This is the story of Miles O'Keefe, the future B-Movie star, for a strange debut like Lord of the Jungle Lord of the Jungle. Unlike Johnny Wismler with his English or Ron El who speaks fluent language, O'Keefe Tarzan muted. Given some dialogue between Bo and Richie, this is probably not the bad thing. Harris and his boat finally arrive at Great Inland Sea, which is located on a giant plateau that seems to be halfway across Africa .... cling to, not the seas, lakes and other water places that generally fall in the lowlands ?? Well, they are just one of many anomalies in the world of John Derek. The crew tries to install the cliffs and when the ropes are picked up, Harris screams, repeating the harm to the unfortunate men who have landed until they die. On another occasion, Jane decided to swim naked next to the inner sea, giving another chance to see some unwarranted nudity. From nowhere there appears a single male lion. Now blacks usually travel in pride and never approach the beaches, but later, Tarzan will wrestle with the Boa Straits. Zoology does not seem to be one of John Derrick's powerful points ... Being a Tarzan movie, Jane is fascinated by the magic of the jungle and decides to take his virginity. But after seeing some of those chimpanzees, you have to wonder ... When you talk about it, it was not possible to sue Edgar Rice Burroughs. Some primates are likely to be on the phone to their lawyers: chimpanzee makes you severely chitta. Especially when they do silly things like riding elephants and clapping their hands when Tarzan and Jane finally get them! This film has culminated in Bo and Harris being picked up by some typical cannibals that draw our heroine and prepare to sacrifice / eat / execute. Suffice it to say that The Great Wooden Ape gets his girls and * SPOILER * Harris exposed himself to the elephant's huge rope! This does not prevent the dying Parker from delivering a wandering monologue to Jane. As far as I know, Ezbet Rice Burroughs's lawsuit never materialized, but Tarzan the Monkey Man was crucified at the box office (no kidding?) Is unfortunate. John Derek had directed the film "Terzan Monkey 2" with Bo Derek and Miles O'Keefe living in House Bliss and Dudley Moore as "Boy".
