Once in the mid-1990s, I used to write about DOCTOR WHO fans and all of Vendome was breathing on the new DOCTOR WHO TVM product. As soon as the arch-enemy of the doctor was announced, Mr. Eric Roberts, everyone scratched their heads and chanted "Who is Eric Roberts?" I must point out that this was before IMDB came online when all you had to do was write a name on this site to resume his resume, but one useful spirit was written in a publication I wrote to explain that Eric Roberts was famous for his role as starring in front of F Murray Abraham, named the film with the sword and was around a school for fencing. In retrospect, Roberts is known for his experience of the Greenwich village and for training Brownaway, but that did not prevent the person from putting the shoe in both Roberts and by sword and holding his mind that this American teacher with his southern drawings was going to disaster. Strangely, most of the fans were angry at Roberts 'playing for the Master but after they saw DOCTOR WHO TVM a large number of fans (including) thought that Roberts' performance was the best thing about disappointing American production. <br /> <br /> Yes, I am immersed but The sword was a movie I wanted to see simply because it was the first time I heard of Eric Roberts, but I did not get a chance to see him until the end of the week, and I was very disappointed. I do not know anything about the fencing (it seems that anyone else on this page is bound to say whether or not the fence is a fence) so I do not know how accurate everything is, but as we mentioned, the film feels somewhat anachronistic even if I saw it when it was released in 1991. The hairstyles look old for years, along with its mixed crew of teenagers who make a small dance protein that makes you wonder if it would not work much if it was produced by Jerry Brookheimer in the mid-1980s. You can argue that this may mean that the relationship between Max Soba and Alexander Villard is out of place for most of the film, but I was not convinced of their love / hate relationship. Abraham and Roberts made much better performances before and since the sword.
