I saw this movie on the History Channel today (in 2006). First of all, I realize that this is not a documentary - it's a drama. But one might hope that the critical "facts" conveyed by the story are at least based on actual events. Reagan was shot and the other characters were real people. The film got that right. From there, the reliance on facts fades quickly. I have never heard of this film before I see it. After I was a television reporter at the time of these events, I was surprised that I had not heard anything about the strange behavior of Minister Haig as portrayed by Richard Dreyfus. I have heard the entire nation "I am in control ...", etc., but Dreufuss' Haig harasses the wardrobe and gets out of control personally. After watching the film, I started searching the subject on the Internet and soon found real audio tapes and texts for most of the room room conversations that this film pretends to be re-represented. Incredibly, many of the main "facts" of the film are intended to show the White House, secret service etc. in total chaos - and the leadership of the nation acting irrationally and leading the world near the edge of nuclear war - is clearly incorrect. did not happen! There is an internal conflict, of course. Haig makes a mistake, his performance in the press room is historically unfortunate and "difficult". But there is nothing close to the scenes in the film. There are a lot of serious mistakes to be made, but any fair comparison between the recorded and written record and the imagination of this film raises the question of what the producers were really trying to accomplish. enlightenment? Flags? Entertainment? I think they failed on all three fronts. It is difficult to attribute the motives to others, but one must seriously ask what was behind this shameful invention. As for the documentary "Reel to Real" of the beloved History Channel, there was no mention of the issues that were the main focus of the film - events within the administration on the day of filming. Therefore, the viewer was left to search for those who did not have much help - if any - of the network.
