This 1970s television production of Suzanne York and George C. Scott is another proof of how hard it is to adopt Jane Eyre on the screen and how much wrong it is to do so. It is true that the film suffered during the transfer to DVD - some of the scenes that were originally complete were shortened and edited so badly that there are persistent gaps in continuity and that one crucial scene between Jane and Rochester begins in the middle of the sentence! But even if editing is better, it will not be the same. The text is bad, portraying the characters incorrectly for the novel and almost all the actors are incorrect. As a result, you do not feel a modification of the Charlotte Brunate novel at all. The problem is not to shorten or neglect a number of scenes - this is the case with all short edits - but the remaining scenes do not at all capture the tone, spirit, ambience and concept of the novel. <br /> <br /> For example, Jane Eyre completely ignores this Gateshead and begins with Jane's arrival at Wood. Although this is absolutely true, since some scenes must necessarily be excluded, it is not understood that instead of using the acquired time (so to speak) and portraying Jane's friendship with Helen completely, Helen's influence on Jane's development, I have dealt with it in Christian narratives, almost exclusively for the physical abuse of Helen, which is pushed into absurd extremes in this amendment. Helen is bad enough as described in the novel, but here Miss Scatchard is portrayed as a sort of sadistic prison who deliberately wants to push Helen to an early death. That is all that happens in Lowood. If you compare this to the profound effect of his years in Lowood on Jane in the novel, one can only recall with regret that the film does not touch the surface of that particular ring in Jane's life. This is the problem in all this adaptation: it is driven from place to place, often without transmission, and does not approach the essence of the novel. The dialogues are a strange mix of lines and lines made up of the novel, clumsily patched together, and scenes between Jane and Rochester are so short that they both share the screen for only 5 minutes before they fall in love and little conversation has nothing of intelligence, Humor talks between Rochester and Jane in the novel. But the scriptwriter did not only gloss over the Brutti language, but succeeded in destroying her moral makeup with only one sentence. When Rochester and Jane go to see Rochester's wife after the potential wedding, Rochester says: "However, I once loved her (his wife) as I love you now." The whole moral concept of the novel is based on the fact that Rochester is indeed an innocent victim of an ethical scheme, trapped in the marriage of a crazy woman he has never loved, and that his efforts to seek a true partner in life are, if not sacred. Under the law of God and man, yet can be understood and forgiven! But this sentence completely undermines the moral concept that was designed by Bronte in full and transformed Rochester into a dirty old man who wants a new young wife because his old wife is no longer useful to him. <br /> <br /> Mistakes with regard to fault lines: Now, I am not in any way a person who insists on the physical resemblance between the actor and the literary character he depicts, but by no means imaginative, it is possible to portray a beautiful image, Blonde, blue Suzanna York, full-faced, heroine novel. In addition, Ms. York was in her thirties when the film was filmed and looked at. Jean, Jane's shy, reserved and inexperienced novelist, has played to become a fully prepared, graceful and mature woman, completely confident of herself and her deserts. I'm not saying that Susanna Yorke does not play well and convincingly, but the woman she imagines is not Jane Bear. It must be driven by George C. Scott in Rochester is wanting to get Rochester who seemed old enough to make the 18-year-old difference between Jane and Rochester reasonable. Scott looks like a 50-year-old but behaves in different scenes as if he were 70 years old. <br /> <br /> To praise the "maturity" of key actors, it seems that all passion, desire and despair have been deliberately discarded. Of the scenario. The scene between the Jin and Rochester after the wedding, the emotional climax of the novel, became a quiet and rational conversation between two middle-aged people, at the end of which Rochester falls asleep. When Jane returns to the last scene, he was just as happy as his grandfather, who visited his favorite granddaughter in his old people's house. The only personality that displays an appropriate amount of emotion is St. John, for all people. Ian Panin plays his role with great enthusiasm, and his passionate plea for Jane's love touches so much that one has the impression that Banen was designing St. John's on Rochester's novel. But despite the good Bannen, St. John is far from the novel like Jane and Scott in Rochester, New York. The only features recovered from the disappointing Jane Eyre are the sites and the result, and I would only recommend this production to those who wish to watch and compare each individual modification to Jane Eyre.
