I saw this film at the Rotterdam Film Festival (jan '06) and followed the discussion between the director and the audience afterwards. Many people reacted with shock and protest. You will get a lot of negative critics. But: the world is so cruel, and it is not funny. People do not like it. This in itself does not mean that the film is bad. I can see this difference. Do not shoot the messenger who shows us the world outside the "Hubble"! However I think this is a bad film. The film is technically a good idea. Beautiful footage and text, most good music, great actors. The director claims to make a psychological film, but the psychology is poor. The description of such strong violence in itself is not art. Art will be a strong description of the psychological process behind this violence. How does a shy boy come to such cruelty? The director pretends to describe it - but it is not good at that. <br /> <br /> The director used the word "selfish" several times, for example, the teacher. Only: This teacher was not selfish, - just a person in several roles, taking care of his disciples, and worried about his writing. I think it's simplistic to call him selfish. The atmosphere in the village creepy, the mother has committed horrendous mistakes ("You let me down terribly ??") but unbelievable, because there is a big reason, that boy shy to such terrible things. In fact, actually much more complicated than the road, this film describes? It needs a much better description. The interesting thing is: How does it work? Describe this process to me please, so we understand it. <br /> <br /> With a phrase written in the end, the manager said to indicate an alternative way of life. It was the other side, and assured me that the director and screenwriter are bad psychologists, who promote black / white thinking. The relationship between violence in films and society has been proven. The use of such violence gives the responsibility to use it properly. There are enough black / white thinkers in the world, causing many wars and misery. I hope this film is not successful.
