Violence, whether real or not, always has an impact. In this film, violence is violent as you can ask for it. In ecstasy, the director successfully showed what extremists could do. But what is the point? The violence looks like a mix of Noë's' irrevocable 'and' Kubrick 'Clockwork Orange' ... both are great movies. Do not be wrong, I do not oppose violence at all, I've seen some bad things in my years in movies, but the whole film has just happened. The story has never been developed enough to provide any cause for extreme violence, and the reason for the Raza leaf we give Robert's death is his introduction of drugs. Danny Dyer plays the part partly responsible for Robert's drug-fueled death, yet he is on screen for less than 5 minutes. Leslie Manville is Robert unable to beat the mother, I'm not sure what any of these actors are doing in a movie of this low level. Representation is wooden, the scene in the kitchen with television - cooking and his wife for example painful to see if not more than a shocking conclusion - who wrote those dialogues ?! Some of the comments made by the boys ... "look like you enjoy them" are smiles to entice one to laugh if Clay's eager desire to bombard us with shocking images of deformed female genitalia. Why we need to show such details may be due to the adolescent's obsession with sadistic pornographic images ... One can only wonder in the psychology of this young man. <br /> <br /> The "political meaning" of the film has repeatedly drawn our attention because of the amount of footage; in the tape, outside the television house, according to the Iraq war reports, it may have been very clear to me. Yes, the war is violent, the social determinism causes frustration, we are all exposed to horrific acts of violence whether you are in politics or on the street showing E. All these things as part of the same basic issue are avoiding the actual issue that is the meaning of violence in men. This problem we have not yet been able to recognize and certainly could not recognize in this film. <br /> <br /> My opinion: derivative, bad-made and meaningless.
