I am always wary of taking hate of the film right away. Look at it a month later and you may see it differently, or dig it after 50 years on a different continent, and some worshipers find something stylistically wonderful that nobody noticed at first. After sitting in the grand orgasm of Robert Carmichael in the premiere of the UK, it was no surprise to me that I found the Q & A session then more interesting than the film itself. Shane Danielsen (director of the Edinburgh International Film Festival), with the help of director and producer, gave an enthusiastic defense of a film from receiving a complete negative response from the public. The Edinburgh Festival audience is not easily shocked. Only one person came out disgusted. The criticisms of the film included clear and constructive criticism from the general public, as well as a representative and a woman who taught masters of master's films. This was not an overly horrific film. There was a degree of sexual violence without interruption, but far less extreme than many films (actual contact with the weapon was obscured, as were the raised genitalia). They did not like the audience because they sat for two hours was very boring, where the standards of representation were not high, where the plot was poor, predictable and extractive, and where they were exposed to a clumsy and patriotic film about the promise of a controversial film. The metaphors of the war in Iraq are fabricated, over-emphasized and dirty (except for the general hint of violence, meaning deeper and unclear); and the reference to the fig leaf, Marquis de Sade, as one attendee said, is merely a symbolic excuse for the lack of a plan to develop towards the end. <br /> <br /> We have a story of a teenager who has a certain amount of time (he stands out in school for his musical ability) but he uses drugs and hangs out with young people who have little or nothing to do and their criminal activity extends to rape and violence. When pressed, Robert seems to have a lot of violence locked inside him. <br /> <br /> The movie is not entirely without merit. The audience is left to decide how Robert got this way: was the influence of his peers? Why did not all the good influences and attention of parents and teachers succeed in incorporating it into a better approach to life? Cinematographically, there is a scene that has been carefully shaped as it dangles (either through a lot of drugs, shyness, a sense of morality or just waiting for its role?). Many of his friends rape a woman in a back room, partially concrete in the screen. In front of the nude flat, DJ cares more than that girl screams his happiest music intersection over any woman. In the end, he is a bit upset if their activities attract police attention. The blatant addition of serious headphones to enjoy his music, even when he knows that rape revolves around his utter contempt in a very disturbing way. Robert retreated as he appeared in the foreground. <br /> <br /> But the rest of the film, including its supposed controversial climax and involving significant sexual violence (if not overly realistic), does not reach this standard. Some people have had a strong reaction to it (the intent of the filmmakers: "If they vomit, we have succeeded in producing a reaction") but often - and as far as I can tell that Edinburgh's response seems to reflect the reports of those who felt, Why did programmers subject us to such bad films? " Director Clay Hue can talk about the talk but has not developed a technical vision. His replies about holding the mirror to life to tell the truth about the things that have been swept under the carpet, even the defense that there is little development of the plot because he does not want to do a Hollywood feature film - are good answers to the criticism but unfortunately does not apply to his film more than They do in carrying the mirror while someone stands out, or wasting the film while playing incompetent characters. Wanting to try and give him the benefit of any lingering doubt, I spoke to him for a few minutes after the show, but I found him hated like his film and quickly moved to the bar to wash my mouth with something more substantial. There are many facts. One aspect of art is education, the other for entertainment, and the other for inspiration. I asked him if he had any social or political agenda, and Ken Loach (one of the many great names he holds to no avail) recalls without going so far as to recognize any agenda by himself. Then he retracted his motto from his job in telling the truth. I was left with the feeling that this was an overly ambitious project for a new director, or another deceptive attempt to put himself on the map by courting publicity for second-class works <br /> <br /> Andy Warhol could draw a can of soup and had art. Clay Hugh wants to emulate the top directors who made controversial films and pushed the border. Unfortunately, his ability at the moment extends only to making high-pitched excuses for a film that seeks publicity.
