I have seen this not long ago, and I must say: this film is terrible. I watch crappy movies for fun. Scarecrow is not fun. Scarecrow stupid. You have an incredibly wicked villain enjoying awesome punk screams because he kills his victims (actually worse than those contained in this sentence). He has the story of his cruel fortune to justify his killings. "The only girl who thinks I'm not a trash can love one of the men who choose me ... I want to kill everyone. Well, I exaggerate. But the premise for this film alone is enough to put it near the bottom of the crazy movie list. <br /> <br /> In addition to what I have just said, the mother of the child is mixed, walking on his mother and her current boyfriend gets it, tells her mom's friend to leave, refuses the child, and insists that he will not leave his home. Her boyfriend is chasing the child in the cornfield. Killing a child in front of my mother directly, my mother screams in terror, like her boyfriend, "Oh my God! I did not mean that!" He then tells my mother not to say anything to the police about it. A child was killed under the Scarecrow. So, like any child killed under a scarecrow, it returns as a deadly scarecrow with revenge. His victims "have not been followed like this before ..." (Scarecrow's official tagline) <br /> <br /> To make matters worse, this film was filmed in 8 days. That's right, 8 days. I would give this movie 2, because although it's the same, it contains one or two moments. (They are corrupters, so I will not spoil it for you, if you really want to see this nonsense.) I could have forgiven to some extent the bad work, the terrible special effects, the abysmal texts, the bad camera work, but I simply do not respect the lack of effort at this level . <br /> <br /> This movie is hardly as good as it was. If you want to see an example of how not to make a movie, or if you enjoy watching bad movies, like I do, do so at your own risk. Anyone else should stay at a safe distance away from this movie at all times.
