I'm not sure what drove me to the cinema to watch this film, but a few minutes after it started, I wanted to leave the theater. For a while I hoped the story would surprise me at least, but then I realized it was a waste of time, and there was nothing there. I only stayed because I offered another offer after him. <br /> <br /> Design: Some designs are very beautiful, mostly from the environment, but the characters were awful in terms of animation and design. Look great in time - on posters and screen shots, but not when they have to come to life! They did not succeed, mostly because the same mistake made by most 3D companies: It is very difficult to create 3D natural materials, making you feel that your character is still alive. You need a lot of effort and knowledge (and then money) to create something that really looks like a hair, leather, canvas, ect. Those characters in the film were made of "canvas", and this did not work! So they had this ugly cold feeling at the computer school, where they stretched the cloth or pressed like a piece of plastic. There was no physical feeling, but puppets made (that's what those characters meant). I think it was a big mistake choosing this style for characters. It was just a sense of 3D computer shoot'n'run game. I do not want to go to the movies to get a computer game on my screen, and I do not know about you ... <br /> <br /> The animation was also a disgrace. I am a professional painter and I was very disappointed by the low level of animation in "9". It was harsh, boring, lacking almost any imagination or mood. It was a little higher than the average 3D animation I've seen, and that adds no benefit to it ... <br /> <br /> All of this - bad characters and bad animations can be solved with a good story, right? This was not the case here. In fact, the story was the worst thing in this film. It was below any level. It starts straight ahead and goes forward and ends. There is no evolution, no surprise, no good dialogues, no development. We have heard and seen stories of machines that have overtaken humanity several times, and "9" is one of them only, and we know how it ends in the first minute of this film. The characters do not even have time to enter the story - they are there, they show themselves almost immediately, and immediately some of them act immediately without knowing what is going on. It just did not work. There are also many sequences of recurring events, it seemed as if it was set to fill time because there was no story ... <br /> <br /> The acting, sound and scenario - oh my God, what can I say, was pathetic. The bad story contains a bad script, except for dialog boxes such as "No, do not do it!" "I will do it!" "But ... you can not do it on your own!" "We can do it together!" "But there are rules!" "But we have to save him!" Etc., and repeating itself all the time, along with those patheticly pathetic dialogues, there were those who did not stop "Ahh", "Ohhh", "Ehh", "Oooh", "Whatchout" and "Run"! "And" Oh! "That followed almost every jump, run or fall of characters, and it seemed as if it was not synchronized or even unknown. <br /> <br /> Conclusion: bad representation, bad animation, bad sound , Bad story, bad script, bad characters, everything expected, no surprises, no twist, nothing.just some good designs are not worth the time.
