I can not seriously believe that Tim Burton and Timorek Bicambetov, two people I love, have signed up to produce this nonsense. Tim Burton is a great director, and to be honest, I lost interest in him for a while because his last few films were either reproducing or adapting. He produced the film "Nightmare Before Christmas", a film I have seen several times, and directed films such as "Beetlejuice" and "Sleepy Hollow", great films. Bekmambetov released 3 movies I like: Night Watch, Day Watch and Wanted. I've only seen these three of them, but they have proved to be a great way out. <br /> <br /> These two people produce one of the many reasons I was excited to see her 9. So today I went to see her in the theater. I was very excited to see me in the end. You have waited 7 months until the movie is shown. <br /> <br /> This is the first time I've directed a film about Tim Burton. "I almost enjoyed it," he said. I felt so sad that I felt this way. I mean, with him Bekmambetov on top of production you expect this film to be a good watch. At the moment, I still can not overcome my disappointment in this film. I did not even hear the original short film before watching it, but now, I can say that it should have been a short film. Hell, Neil Blomkamp made a terrible awesome remake of Alive in Joburg titled 9 Zone, what was so hard to get right about 9 ?? I really wanted to think that this movie was wonderful. I really did. But no, I have failed on many levels. <br /> <br /> The plot was very confusing and disjointed. I had no idea what was going on, not to mention what was happening. Basically it's a bunch of rag doll robots trying to save the earth. Well, that's what I got. But the writing here is very bad. The whole movie jumps like a 6 year old child with A.D.D. Tell a story. There is this giant giant monster robot who wakes up 9, causing destruction and objects. This is the main villain. However, what's wrong with this film is that everything comes from nowhere else. There were a lot of monster robots, and most of them had no logical explanation behind them. They have 0 development at all. I mean the winged fly fly like a monster knock out of nowhere, and we have no idea its source and expect the Akker of us to know what it is. What was more delayed was that the snake-like creature with strong eyes slept. I challenge you to give this description to someone else loud and expect them not to laugh. All three people who told them about it burst out laughing. Woe to the victims and sew them inside. I 'm. Not. KIDDING. <br /> <br /> The development of Chapter 3 is the most delayed aspect of the entire film. So, basically, 9 returns to the room where he wakes up, finds this box with a hologram of the world in it, and tells him that the terrifying big machine robot was designed to bring robot life back to Earth, but then the wicked humans used it for war, To help protect the earth, but then the world sacrificed his life to 9 so that he could help protect the world by him. It just mentions giving his life to 9. But what about other robots? Who gave him live for them ???????? This is the ideal example of the writings of the poor. There is only one device that spreads in life, so how did others get their lives ??????? The characters are not at all popular. They risk their lives for no reason at all. The only good character is 7. 6 I was annoyed by his book "Back to Source !!!!!!" Do not worry, there is an angry idiot, 1 do not know anything, 5 still bothers me with "Are you sure ..." or "Can I stay here instead ...?" questions. And this end? Ugh. I'm glad I'm not the only person who thinks the end was a huge moment of WTF. <br /> <br /> There is nothing to recover this faucet except for the beautiful animation. Everything seems realistic and beautiful, I like the bleak and depressing look of everything. However, beauty can not save a good film. <br /> <br /> While this movie looks very beautiful, it is as beautiful as it does, and the 9 squats are sitting. I'm sure that Burton fans will flock to the theater to watch this movie without a doubt, in fact with his names and Beckettov about boredom, people will flock to the theater to watch this film. I know I might do a lot of doing nothing, but watching this movie made me realize how much I hate movies with unattractive characters, a nonexistent plot, and a pure style of content. This film is one of those films.
