First of all, this film is not a complete disaster. If you have not heard of the real story of Graham Parsons, it may seem like a reasonable conversion. Johnny Knoxville can not really be criticized for his performance as Phil Kaufman - he is very good at looking at resting mode and returning to earth, and can be some sort of root for every man who has long suffered. Thanks to Michael Shannon for the same reasons to a great extent, except that it is Hippy rocks. There are some good individual comedies - where the hippie screams in the barn door of the airport. But this is where the good stuff ends, and we start to see the aspects that make this film really disappointing. The character of Robert Forster as the actual father of Gerry is so outrageous that it casts a shadow over the entire film. We all know that his real father had committed suicide when he was a young man - something that could certainly be likened to the life of a gram by a better filmmaker. The presence of Forrester as his supposed real father, not his father would be bad enough, if not because of the known difficulties that Gram faced with the man who had already flew to collect his body. He suggested that his father had confessed to providing the mother with a gram of alcohol during her death and that the love angered him when he discovered it later. The debate over the whereabouts of Gram's body will be a good reason not to invent an air-conditioned father who actually hunts the duo and their hearts, but then allows them to proceed with the burning. Whatever the truth of the man Gram had received, he certainly was not like Forster's character here, and it is hard to know why this role was written. Then there is Christina Applegate as a greedy cctc (though very pretty of course) who wants to recover Gram's body so she can start getting money from his drug. One wonders why the director did not only get out the whole pig and include a homosexual scene between her and the chick who plays Kaufman's girlfriend (it would not have reduced the tone much more than). When you think of ingredients that can be used in a good film about Parsons, the shortcomings of this film are easily visible. Rural music is changed by a polite man, a South man - he was also long-haired and drug lover and popular with ladies and eventually destroys himself. Real events such as barnyard door crashes, spoiled heart and friends like Keith Richards. Instead of these things, we have to focus entirely on Kaufman's contribution to Gram's life. It is clear that Kaufman is still swallowing the place of worship he earned because of what he did (certainly is a small cult). From the interviews, he is obviously pleased with the attention. Remember that this is the man who made a statement about the genitals of the naked body of Graham Parsons as he was preparing to set them on fire. What he did was not a work of great sincerity, but was an alcoholized escape. When looking at Knoxville and the manager in personal interviews, some things will become clear as well. They obviously do not have a real understanding of Gram's life story, and do not want to get it. They want a successful film about a notorious and insane event. It was an amazing life with a strange ending. The end points to the fact that the only thing covered by this film illustrates the limited understanding of Gram Parsons for manufacturers.
