If you're a fan of the late Gram Parsons, this movie will surely divide you! Part of the comedy, part of a movie on the road, but mostly a bad fantasy of one of the strangest stories in the history of rock music. <br /> <br /> SPOILERS-- <br /> <br /> The story is mainly related to a well-known path known as Phil Kaufman (played by Johnny Knoxville) who "suppose" to have an agreement with the rock / countryside worship / The popular music hero Gram Parsons reported that when one of them first died (no matter which one was) that the other was living to move the deceased to the desert, Joshua National Park in California must be accurate, and that the body be agitated ... to liberate the soul and become one With the earth, and so on! Sure enough to keep his word, Kaufman is barely awake, with the help of a self-hating friend, lifting the body of the late Parsons - who took too much medicine and brought the wine one day before the airport. Soon after, there is a collection of fantasy and intimate stories, where his ex-girlfriend Parsons, Kaufman's friend, Parsons' stone-faced father, and a group of police officers and stupid characters all make a senseless scramble around the clock (so talk) in an attempt to catch Kaufman and his wife before they get a chance to ignite the body of Parsons! <br /> <br /> The direction of the film is inefficient, ill-disposed, and a general anomaly, all of which sink this film faster than the Titanic. Not to mention the huge fact that this film does not even refer to the actual events that took place. The accuracy that should have replaced the inaccuracy, as far as I have heard, includes the following: Figure 1. Parsons was married at the time of his death and even had a child, so what the hell is everything to be with his girlfriend and chasing and what not? (As opposed to what the film tries to do) to get rid of Parson's body, and finally figure 3. The father of Gram Parsons died when he was just a boy, and so was Father Parson's father (who could have been To care less honestly about the Parsons when he was still alive) in real life that took care of the body after it was burned! However, the most disturbing thing about this film is that the real Phil Kaufman was actually ready to help provide facts about the story. However, it ended up becoming a movie that was so incorrect and so bad that it really boggles my mind, frankly! <br /> <br /> Also, with regard to the above representation in the film, the leading character, played by Johnny Knoxville (Phil Kaufman), is a bad actor, but he is not really a bad actor, but actually looks like he Sleeping throughout the film, the rest of the pathetic team members are mostly hysterical, or brain dead, or seem completely ignorant of what they actually do in the first place! In general, if you love Johnny Knoxville and / or you really dig friends' movies too bad, you will not be good, then suppose you might get a kick out of this movie! But if you are like me and you are a fan of the late Gram Parsons, enjoy the movies that try to tell the truth as much as you can, especially if they are based on a real story, or you love good movies, road movies, This film advises others to do the same. I obviously hated this film and wished it had not been done in the first place, but since it was made, I would prefer to have it different from what it did, unfortunately! Maybe one day the real facts of the story will come and will be transformed into a truly fascinating biography of the life of Gram Parsons ... not only what happened to his body after his soul left him. But until that time all that we are an audience, or get it fans of the late artist, is this sad waste of films and a monumental monument (of sorts) to the musical legacy that Gram Parsons had left behind. Also note that they have already used Parsons music, and a few others are also in the click, but it's not surprising that you never hear enough of them to really enjoy them even in the smallest thing. (Turkey - 0 stars)
