From questions and answers before and after, this is what I can gather: An Irishman wants to make a film. Nothing in particular, just any film. So one evening at a party, some former pioneers hear some classic rock and roll. One about how to steal the body of Parsons Gram from LAX by his loyal roadie so he can meet the wishes of Parsons in that they are burned at JoshuaTree. Wow! <br /> <br /> What a wonderful idea for a movie! Rock and roll (well, country), serious theft, escape, friendship, the seventies! I think we can get Johnny Knoxville from the movie "Jackass", because it's kind of a joke, and right that Knoxville wants a "movie" too. Why should he think he got the next "snatch" on his hand! <br /> <br /> But this story is not really exciting ... we need something for Knoxville to resist. ! But Parsons was married at the time. Well, no one knows that. Besides we could get Appleton's Christina. But what if the public does not like the idea of ​​stealing a body, we get his father to join the chase, but we will give permission in the end. But Abby Parsons killed himself when he was ten years old, in fact his orphan status, and his tragic childhood, are key parts of the Parsons mythology. Myths? We make "Movie!" This is an innovative solution to problems. <br /> <br /> It's an uncomfortable experience for anyone with ambiguous knowledge or interest. The presence of Applegate doubles. The first character she invented was a Beverly Hills prostitute before her time - she might have wandered the entire movie on her cell phone; secondly, what kind of man could Parsons be if he linked it to this kind of guitars? The facts are not only distorted or excluded, but reversed. They could have easily found the villain they wanted in Parsons STEPfather, who was trying to move the body to its original state where the law would succeed in dividing the great inheritance. <br /> <br /> Music, oh, the music I love. The music was broken (a song bridge is here, the choir is there), it is forced to the background, and in the end, it was covered horribly by the most famous new band, the Starsailor. My friend asked the non-essential question, but irresistible after the film - was there anyone there, the writer, the producers, the director, already a lover of Garrison Parson? Good, no. He did not really hear about Parsons, but of course, Blah Blah Blah, I learned to love him, here are some factual facts that I read in his autobiography on the Internet. Another man agreed with Parsons' compass that he and Keith Richards had stumbled on the acid together and wrote "Wild Horses" together, a mixed set of facts outside the film about the film. Someone else asked, was it not morally questionable to rewrite history when most people only knew it from this film? Well, he got real permission from the roadie (so he was right) and gave Parsons a permit and all those other people who got checks said he was fantastic. <br /> <br /> But what I was really wondering was, was asked in a voice trembling awkwardly for the really obsessive Parsons world. Was it, if the film was made cheaply (a million), not considered the base of fans of the original Gram Parsons an audience? The director and the writer seemed to think he was someone who had nothing to do with no public base, although I doubt any reading of Mugu magazine, but the Country-rock 70 musician would agree. But a group of Britons made them think, did not care about American cosmic music, or even learned about it. This is not just the honest Parsons flick, not even in the right soul, but not fit for the legend. At least he had to have a passion for one of his songs. Many people like to be told. <br /> <br /> I would like to mention that the film was well received from a group of university students trapped, off the cliffs, and in Johnny Knoxville. But if you love Parsons ignoring the title, it's just a movie for Jackass fans.
