The movie "Raw Force" looks like a very skewed version of Love Boat, with additional Kung Fu battles, cannibal monks infected, white slave trade, zombies full of vengeance and lots of poor performances. No wonder this movie has been included in the recently released Grindhouse Experience 20 Movie Collection. I've got everything that fanatics are looking for in exploitation, and they blend into a text that is not quite coherent and seemingly improbable! The production values ​​are very poor and the technical aspects are pathetic, but the quantities of violence and sex can hardly be described as free. The film opens in a tropical sunny location called Warriors Island, where a group of dead monks were raised for no apparent reason but converted to Kung Fu fighters. The monks also buy the sexy slaves of Hitler's man-like man and assume that this female body provides them with the necessary powers to increase their army of zombies. Tourists on a transient cruise, including three martial arts fighters, a cop from Los Angeles and a whole group of witches but wacky ladies, were attacked by the men of Hitler's carriages because they were planning a trip to Warriors Island. Their lifeboat is washed on the beach anyway, defying the surviving monks to test the fighting with their zombies. Well, how does this sound in the chaos of a horror horror film in the middle of the night? It is not over yet, because Raw Force also has predators, wild boar, Cameron Mitchell in another awkward lead role, and the duke of the 1970s Camille Keaton ("I spit on your grave") in the appearance of a very small veil. There are many bad revolutions, including ax altars, hammerheads, hammer jokes and bad-taste romance. The trash value of this movie will literally leave you. The background of evil monks remains, of course, unexplained and not even punished for their dubious hobbies. Maybe that's why the movie stopped with "To Be Continued", instead of "The End." The sequel never comes, unless the mysterious IMDb does not even list it.
