Scarecrow is located in the small American town of Emerald Grove, where Lester Dwervick (Tim Young), a high school student, is obsessed with local calm by teachers and colleagues alike. The poor child suffers from humiliation, bullying, harassment and general respect that destroys abuse at the hands of his peers. Unfortunately, he did not find much support at home because his mother was a slut and after she harassed Leicester one of her jokes followed him in the cornfield and suffocated the poor child. No matter what magic happens (no, the film does not suddenly become good), Leicester's soul is transferred to the cornfield scarecrow that he then uses as a body to avenge those who torture him and make his life hell ... Emmanuel Etier, according to the IMDb credit list, also took a role in the film as a person named Mr. Duforq Although I do not remember any personality by that name, I assume that anyone who ends up looking at IMDb pages about Scarecrow may already be aware of his terrible reputation and must say that they deserve it so much because it is too bad. The scenario prepared by Eater, Bill Cunningham and Jason White uses the story that is often listed as one of the losers of life being picked up and tortured for no good reason to get revenge through supernatural means in teen flicks relatively straight. We've seen all this before, we've seen deadly scarecrows before, and we've seen anonymous teenagers being killed one by one before, and we've seen one of the losers in life get revenge before, and we've seen wise cracking bad guys who get jokes and they're killed before, We've seen a small, incompetent town Sharif make matters worse by now. The only real question to be answered about "Scarecrow" is whether it is fun watching a kind of dumb teenager? The answer is not loud to be honest. The film contains a terrible character, a terrible dialogue, an inconsistent and predictable story, and has some corners like cheese when a scapegoat kills someone with a shovel and asks, "Can you dig it?" The end of the so-called evolution-oriented leaving the open things to the next is just lame. The film moves at a reasonable pace but is not exciting and the killings are memorable. You know I'm still trying to figure out how someone can stab and kill him with a stick of corn ... <br /> <br /> The manager Itier does not do very well here, bad murder scenes are handled without any accumulation at all, which means That there is no tension at all, within two seconds of the presentation of the character is killed. Nor am I happy with the deadly scapegoat that makes all these twists and turns through the air in scenes that feel like they belong to The Matrix (1999) or some Japanese kung fu! To give him some credit, the real scarecrow mask looks really good and looks great, but he does not give him much to do except for the bad tap with a slightly loose spiral. Do not you think that connecting a wooden stake in the middle of an atom raised throughout the day would be boring? I know it's a deadly scarecrow but I still say he was bored hanging on a wooden stick all day! There is no nudity and injustice is not something to write on the home page about him, there is a head cut, burning someone's face, killing someone with a stick of corn, a wounded person stuck in his throat, and some sickles stuck in people's heads, someone has separated his heart and someone has something Metallic stuck in the back of his head that comes out of their mouths. <br /> <br /> With an assumed budget of about $ 250,000, the shots were apparently fired in 8 days, well at least they did not waste any time on unimportant things like developing the story and characters. Technically, this is a great point, shooting and hope for the best things. If you look at the man on the ground whose hearts are completely separated, you can see him clearly as he still breathes ... Actively sucking, the man who has played Lester's prostitute wears a more wow wig than a stupid look at all; he has played two roles in the film and filmmakers wanted to hide him, But they just finished making it seem silly and never let me start in his tone ... <br /> <br /> Scarecrow has fun moments & the actual scapegoat itself is a beautiful creation with good special makeup effects but the whole movie is badly made, and behaves badly , Silly, very predictable, very cheesy. If you want to see a great killer flick then check out Scarecrows (1988). It should not be confused with the film Jane Hackman and Al Pacino Scarecrow (1973) or the upcoming Scarecrow (2008) horror film, which is currently being produced. Scarecrow has proven to be popular enough on home video to spawn two other images into videos, Scarecrow Slayer (2003) and Scarecrow Gone Wild (2004).
