Let's be honest are we? Al Gore does not care about the environment more than most people care about contact with foot fungi. It's a hook! Do not make a mistake, Al Gore is a politician! Three years ago, he was caught / recorded in his mother's condition working at 70 mph in an area of ​​55 miles per hour, not driving a hybrid or Yugo or even GM but Lincoln (go to google if you like)! Or what about the fact that Mr Gore and his Hollywood colleagues continue to use private jet fuel to attend Prime Ministers' "disturbing reality." Too much to keep huh, al? In any case, it takes only one minute to take a subjective look at the "disturbing reality" and discover the main flaw. While the film reviews many scientists who are impressed to tell the public about the supposed effects of global warming, no one scientist tells us why. For example: I can take hundreds of people to a parking lot and they can point to a car that is not working properly. But can they tell you with any degree of certainty why? Overall not! Second, how accurate are the weather devices 100 years ago (the toilet has not yet been invented)? What do they have, Jun bug in the match box? Hell, even 50-60 years ago? So, how do we know with any degree of certainty that the planet "gets warmer" when the records of the Americans are highly doubtful at best? Or that man is the only reason for it? The answer is that we do & never science unanimity. Thirty years ago, Time magazine reported a new ice age. The truth is that any science teacher in the sixth grade who is well versed in Earth science will tell you that volcanic disruptions, solar activity and Venus are related to our changes in climatic conditions rather than to global warming. Finally, what Gore has failed to address adequately; even if America decides to follow the universal gospel according to Al & what he recommends, how will we let the rest of the world follow suit while we can not even make them agree on something as clear as terrorism? Answer: It is wishful thinking, Mr. Gore and you former vice president of the United States know that! If the people who produced a truly "disturbing truth" were the title of their film "Al Gore Wants Attention." But what I really want is for someone to ask the former vice president about it. Why were two of the biggest planet polluters (AKA China and India) exempting from the Kyoto agreements? In any case, I hear that the producers of A.I.T are working on their next film, "Statues, Foreclosures and Gardens: Our Friends at Risk".
