The disturbing truth is as simplistic and simplistic as the tropics created by Republican medics and idiots. They stumble along the intangible lines until you try to narrow something in your face, that is, we will all die in a few hundred years, which is indisputable, But who cares, human beings are selfish creatures, destructive, frankly do not waste my time in attention to human extinction. I just call it "natural progression". Let us start the end of the world, but at the same time, we must listen to the same deviant, hypocritical politicians who propose another "new society." Well, do not be fooled, we will all be under the control of the rich, by those in power and by those idiots who created disasters in the first place. Nothing will change at all. <br /> <br /> Al Gore, whose hypocrisy is very clear in the film, because he drives in a car that consumes large amounts of gas alone using a consumer computer, and also lives on a huge acres of land in a fairly large palace, It itself is used for destructive destructive purposes, including livestock, tobacco and pig farming (which represents traces of methane) and who knows what, its wealth is based on exploitation and greed and its investments include many companies in the world with disputed records. I hardly think this man is qualified for the less fortunate lecture, but his standing is based on his opposition to another ridiculous political party, all at the same time emanating from those same rude characteristics that make politics and politicians very appalling. It happens that this boso lives a comfortable life, but it lectures the poor in Africa about cropping, cutting and burning techniques? Travels around the world in first-class seats in fuel-wasting aircraft, uses the computers placed in the product in the documentary, yet he believes that everything is a "moral issue". He is fully absorbed in his misguided nightmares, and says he reached these conclusions because of the death of his sister (due to cancer caused by tobacco and near death to his son by car of all things). Have you fought tobacco companies or proposed banning cars because they are dangerous machines? No. Everything must serve the "economy", so why be different, the answer is that it is not. <br /> <br /> His horrific and cumbersome attempts at human philosophy are catastrophic, all while filming in the jungle or along a river that avoids a senseless life quotes. Well Mr. Gore, why do not you try to live like the general public then? He is a politician, clear and simple, has a career invested in the power structure. My question is, why not focus on the powerful industrial countries in the land who are responsible for most of the complexities? He does not do so because it would be unwise "investments, stocks and companies." <br /> <br /> Al Gore casts monotonous lectures on the subject in the documentary, specifically for the rich white people in the audience, who clap their cue, while showing them diagrams, numbers and percentages, and speaking in a melancholy tone, no one can teach Harvard (controlled by the elites) makes sense of it, but it tells us that everything will hell. Not kidding, but I think he failed to explain this problem specifically in the approach capitalism has taken to the planet, that is, consumer and waste waste. He never mentioned how industrialization created these problems. He just wanted to put light bandages on them but he did not rule out the entire repressive regime. He was obviously pampered, sent to schools for elites and has the same basic temperament of politics as any backstabbing, asymmetrical in Washington. Whoever made this propaganda, because it is by no means different from what the Republicans imagined, had only goals in mind that were directed by the capitalist impulse. In other words, someone will benefit, and it seems that the "new green" politicians who support venture capitalist companies that buy hordes of land try to develop a "new utopian future" using "new techniques". It is the same old story. Al Gore is a believer in the elitist structure. He really believes that there is a "democracy" in the United States that I find very naive. If we do not pay wages to the oil companies, we will pay them to the wind and solar companies. <br /> <br /> I find the speech in the end very angry, like something GW Bush was drowning in the masses of the stricken dumb, and Gore talks about "people who unite to defeat communism" in the nineties, what he should have done with global warming Thermal, nothing at all, but he tries to get gloomy feelings in people. However, he did not understand that communism never existed in the world, and that regimes in Europe and the Soviet Union were just a form of tyranny and capitalism, no less than what dominated the interests of the United States. The social environment is not even mentioned here, which is really a farce. If you want to change the world, you have to get rid of the old regimes that are based on greed, exploitation and violence.
