Well, maybe the computer version of this game is impressive. Can. I just finished running the PS2 version and it is quite a mess. <br /> <br /> There are two elements that are acceptable or promising. I will mention it first because it will end quickly. First, the idea of ​​a game like the historic GTA is a wonderful idea. The Gun game was a historic game like GTA and unlike the Mafia, Gun was excellent. I like to see a game that was caught during the Mafia era. Next, the story is well written. The story is logical, it has exciting brackets, and it uses an unusual device (though most of the game is a lyrical game) and it is interesting. Finally, some graphics - especially those used during cutscenes - are impressive. Mafia designers seem to be focusing on getting graphics in places where GTA has stepped into this effort, especially the characters. Unfortunately, in many other areas, the type of graphics spreads, and I prefer to have an excellent way of playing compared to the characters with an impressive appearance. <br /> <br /> The way to play is to sink into this title. First, the controls and camera absorb completely. This should be the first focus for any game developers. You can not launch a game where the controls and / or camera are sucked. Number one, there is no reason why the player's personality, Tom, is not able to control the entire range of his movement by a left analog stick. Unless this is absolutely necessary, and hardly ever, I hate setting where I move my left personal stick in a "combing" way and a person can only turn using the correct analog stick. Here, not only is it unnecessary, it makes most of the most challenging procedures. For example, Tom must climb in two tasks. But the game is so poorly designed that you have to continue processing the abortions of both the correct analog stick and camera, then pressing L1 every time you need to climb, or Tom will drop instead. <br /> <br /> Next, I have never seen a worse fighting system. The first problem is that you can not achieve an automatic goal or lock any targets. At an early stage, the game seems to tell you that you can use L2 or R2 to install on targets, but that never works. So, to focus on any enemy, you have to struggle with the dumb right analog stick and try to continue adjusting both the direction of the personal and the camera, which tend to drift to the wrong corner or make Tom disappear all the time. By that time, she is likely to be beaten or shot to death. <br /> <br /> After that, if you touch or almost touch an enemy - this will definitely be the case for manual fighting. Or when using melee weapons, the combat system - which consists mainly of tapping the R1 or carrying it - is useless. Enemies can shake you in the bear hug, but you can not move unless you retreat. So close combat tends to adapt to you as you flutter on the left analog stick, yell at the character to get away, it will not do 50% of the time, then exploit R1 as much as possible before the enemy approaches again and makes the R1 useless. If the enemy changes its angle to you in the meantime, you will also struggle with a proper acting stick to guide your character in the right way and to position the camera in place so that you can see anything. By that time, you are likely to be hit or thrown again, and the only option will be to try to transfer the character again. Often my battles were to make Tom run circles around an area like a comedy film, hoping that I could gain enough time to struggle with the analog stick and get the footage before I was at the mercy of artificial intelligence again. Much for realistic fighting. <br /> <br /> The same problems exist and more when you try to fight with guns. If you touch someone, the console will not allow you to shoot a single shot at half-time, yet you can still be full of holes. In addition, there is no automatic target, and the targeting system is ridiculous, even with sensitivity set to zero under "Options". Gunfire fights tend to be a desperate attempt to throw or move away as the enemy sets fire to you after shooting at you. Fortunately or not, the damage seems to be recorded almost randomly. It may take between 1 and 10 shots or more to block a character, and there is no rhyme or reason. You can put five shots in the enemy's head and a group close to the point and they will still respond to the fire and hurt you. However, it seems that the game designers seem to be realistic enough to build rebounds in your shooting system, so after shots with strong enough guns, your target will float away from the target and you'll fight with it again. <br /> <br /> For famous graphics, except for the characters and textures that approach them, they are actually very disappointing. The distance is often empty, and there are often areas of flat colors and nearby tissue while driving. The city was not very well designed. It is not varied enough, and there are not many things to see or do. Cars look slow and difficult to control. They are all driving by themselves. Some mentioned music, but that was also not described. Much better work can be done in this regard. As many others have mentioned, the loading times are silly and fixed. Tend to be more than one minute, and talk between the middle of everything - even racing. <br /> <br /> In general, the port of Mafia to the PS2, at least, seems to have been moved very quickly. The game feels and plays like an incomplete penetration function.
