The representation in this film stinks. This plot is meaningless, but it is supposed to be about this world that I have gathered, which develops the ability to turn people's personal things into small steel balls that turn into their mouths and turn into zombies (or their heads are blown apart). The effects are also poor. Most of the film is composed of bad music, where actors perform equally badly on bad music, interspersed with boring sexual scenes. This must be one of the worst things ever done, but for one thing. One element of the shear brilliance that makes "Nightmare Weekend" stands above all other elements. This particular quality is the presence of George. <br /> <br /> George is the beloved interface between the daughter of the world, Jessica, and the home computer security system. With his green hair, nose, bald scalp and heart-shaped mouth, George is the guardian angel of Jessica, who is asked to advise on how to meet men in one of the most exciting parts of the dialogue on celluloid. He tells George Jessica through his mixed monotonous voice, what percentage of males prefer women who wear white dresses, and that hiking is the third best way to meet men after discos and bars. Of course, it seems that little Jessica can not get away from the problems, causing George to execute the "Emergency Program Code: Protect Jessica", which leads to the violent death of the attacking Jessica striker through one of the steel balls mentioned above. <br /> <br /> Kubrick was completely foolish to think that he could give a computer personality using close-ups of red light. HAL must have been represented by our friend George in order to translate sympathy better with his eventual death. Does the light and sound appear at the end of the "close encounters"? Not bad, but how much better would this film have been if the first means of communication with foreigners was George The Handbobt. Bishop, data, R2? Kitchen utensils next to the Glory of God! It may only be in the film for 8 minutes of 90, but do not be fooled. This offer is all about George. With this limited number of events, George joins the ranks of Hollywood characters such as Hollywood Montrose, Magay and Bape of "New Moon Rising" as American cinema icons. "George for Apache" ?? you are my hero.
