I gave this film 3 out of 10 because I watched Zillion from the movies and I can clearly say how an intellectual film would look like a teasing message to the mind. Sure, The Broken is not one of those movies. I must admit that the film made me think a lot about trying to understand what everything was trying to lead to. Despite the explanations I read in the previous comments, it seemed just an exaggeration just to get the same one in the intellectual league of people. Of the general. The image on the cover clearly shows that the broken is the broken upper part of the face that usually contains the brain. It is a clear message that once this part of the body is broken, the rest will be deformed and lifeless. So, you begin to wait for the characters of the film to show its flawed aspects and this is unclear in any of the scenes because the film begins immediately without any introduction to the characters and their lives before. Although we see the father carrying a gun when his children try to surprise him as if he knew he had enemies, this is not a very strong idea. If the clues were planted more in the film, one would have said it was a masterpiece. But although the film was very slow, it was at the same time very empty without any miraculous scenes at all. The evil father was reunited with the wicked Gina in the end is a powerful proof refutes the existential messages that some people have talked about in other comments. Moreover, if Gina really lives in the apartment as her brother finally told her, how evil are you? I bet that I can challenge any theory about this film with many questions that can only lead to one conclusion: this movie is a buzz and a waste of time. It clearly shows someone trying to get out of a meaningless puzzle that is totally worthless. I am a fan of horror films, especially those that some people call popcorn movies. Horror movies are not supposed to convey deep messages! They are supposed to reveal the mask of a beautiful life and show you the other dark side of it which is reality, I think. Horror movies must contain blood, screaming, density, skeletons, body parts and parts. Because this is a real horror which is not far from reality. I have watched almost all horror movies and I can prove that each of them can be as real as the sunrise. There is nothing unrealistic as long as the mind has thought of it. For example, the horror film "Train" in all its intensity and intensity and almost similar in everything with the "hostel", he talks about something very real is the sale of body organs illegally by kidnapping people in foreign places where no one will ask Or look for it. <br /> <br /> Even if we consider the broken film that contains an existential message, it is still presented very badly and less frightening. The best addiction message presented in Requiem for a Dream that has overtaken drug addiction to highlight the fact that any kind of addiction to either sex or TV or safety / being pampered, etc ... can be very destructive and scare the hell out of me and those who always criticize horror movies Because they are very meaningless and very commercial, they are usually just a handful of people who are easily afraid and simply do not like this genre, but that does not mean that they have a passion for these movies and they have a lot to offer the viewer adrenalin disorders, ecstasy, driving lessons (believe it or not!) , Entertainment to the most important face-to-face Bug with the essence of life, ugly and scary as it may sound, death!
