If the myth of broken mirrors is accurate, all the participants in this production will now face about 170 years of bad luck, because there are so many mirrors falling on small pieces here. If the text was just as shattered as the glass, "The Broken" would have been a great movie. It is unfortunately now just a long, derivative and boring film with a few wonderful ideas and memorable sequences. Sean Ellis designed a very elegant film and elegantly photographed, but the story is dim and the complete absence of logic and explanation is really frustrating. I entered into a discussion with a friend about the basic concept and "meaning" of the film. He believes that Ellis has found inspiration in an ancient myth that the discovery of your disturbing adventure is a prelude to how you die. The theory is interesting, but I am not familiar with this myth and I could not find anything on the Internet about it, nor. Personally I think "The Broken" is another different form on the subject of "Invading the Body Snatchers" but without foreign intervention. "The Broken" focuses on the American family of McVey living in London, especially Gina. When the mirror breaks automatically during a birthday celebration, this leads to a whole series of mysterious and supernatural events. Gina discovers herself driving her mirror image into a residential building. While driving home in a state of mental confusion, you cause a terrible car accident and end up in hospital. When expelled, Jenna feels that her entire surroundings are changing. She did not recognize her boyfriend anymore, and the fragments of the strange incident still shine in front of her eyes. Are you suffering from the trauma caused by the accident or is there a supernatural plot already occurring around it? Surely the writer / director Sean Ellis evokes curiosity and suspense in his text, but unfortunately failed to prepare it correctly. "The Broken" is a wonderful and elegant effort, but only half an hour after the film, I came to the painful conclusion that it would remain a beautiful but empty package. There is a frustrating high amount of "fake" thrill in this film. This means increased tension, through ominous music and exotic camera angels, when nothing has happened so far. By the time the actual mystery begins, these tricks no longer have a scary effect on you. Some of my fellow reviewers here compare the film, in particular Sean Ellis's style of David Lynch, Stanley Cobrick and Alfred Hitchcock's, but that's the way and way ?? Way too much honor. Note: What is the matter with this variant spelling; one with the Scandinavian "ø"
