This film is pure, distilled, bored without condescension. I did not know anything about her before she entered the dark room and took my seat. I was seduced by the "mysterious and disgusting" fog on the label I suppose. Also, Lena is nice and unconventional, and Richard Jenkins is always a trusted man, so the cast seemed reasonable. Maybe his name was above the title that convinced me to go this way instead of anything else. I had to go see Valkyrie for a second time instead. <br /> <br /> The thin plot about Gina McVeigh of Hedley, her boyfriend, her father, her sister, and her sister-in-law, pursued for some reason, in a very enthusiastic and unenthusiastic manner, by their wicked followers who emerge from mirrors mysteriously shattered. There can be a wonderful film behind this idea (not exactly an original idea, keep in mind, but still ...) In fact, if the filmmakers got rid of all the supporting actors and simply stuck to a personal story of Heddy, I made 20 reasonable minutes. As they are, they are not very enthusiastic, boring, and terribly inconsistent. <br /> <br /> For example, in one scene, the mirror crashes alone in a room with all the main characters; she looks puzzled but quickly forgotten. In another scene, the mirror crashed into an empty room, showing an innovative person "skipping" the pieces that were left hanging on the wall. So why did the first mirror crash if it was not crawled? Just for a little thrill? There are lots of characters in London's low-light apartments looking around the corners because they thought they heard something, but they did not see anything there and advanced. We begin to wonder, why do not want this malicious doppelgang actually try to intimidate them? Intimidate the characters and have the opportunity to scare the public. But we, the public, will need to start threatening each other, in the darkness of the theater, if we want to feel any excitement during The Broken. By the way, as soon as we spend some time with this evil marriage, we are concerned about why anyone is expected to be afraid of them - they are just standing around them, looking empty on their faces, and perhaps completely harmless after killing others. . <br /> <br /> There's some nice humor and touches all over the place, and I dare say that director Sean Ellis can design a neat and impressive mystery film if he wants to hire a creative filmmaker next time.
