After two days of writing about how to get the trash like MAD COWS and FILTHY EARTH money while ignoring Ange, Duncan and Theo I just had to take out another British film * made me scratch my head about why he received a single penny. Some people may argue that because DEAD BABIES is based on a highly acclaimed novel, it has a compact market, but FILTHY EARTH and MAD COWS have also been written as a sit-in, as well as <br /> <br /> I had read Summary of the plot where a bunch of high-class spenders go to a distant palace where they are stalked by Internet worship but honestly, this is not really how the story unfolds and anyone expecting Friday 13th meets THE SHINING very disappointed because 90-95% of running time is dealt with characters she said Drug abuse and sex discussion. What are the hateful characters are also. None of them is beloved in any way, and in a matter of minutes you will feel nostalgic for Stalin, Mao and Paul Pot in the hope that someone next time will start the Communist genocide by succeeding in establishing a utopia for equality. Anything that would point to the end of such a rotten and senseless bourgeoisie that can only be welcomed by the hateful characters in this film <br /> <br /> Not only does it give us a film in which the plot is tortuous and where the audience fails to communicate with the characters that The director continues to spoil her more and more by getting all that is intelligent and courteous. "Oh, my God, what a wonderful way to deceive us with his superior technical technique and will only succeed in appreciating what God has given this man's talent." I am sure that the vast majority of people shouted "How was my projects rejected while such crap did not?" Or "Was the WTF in the last half of this foolish hour?" You can defend the film by saying that the original source novel was insoluble and this makes the film inaccessible. I will agree that this movie is not acceptable. <br /> <br /> * I know that IMDb categories are like an American movie but the style and faults with DEAD BABIES are uniquely British. Americans may think they have tough things with Bush, but we have Tony Blair, not to mention the "children of the dead," "crazy cows," and "sad land." No wonder everyone is ashamed to be British in the 21st century
