This movie can be used in movie chapters in the "How to Not Script a B-Movie" cycle. There are inherent limitations in film B: tight budgets, precious time (Scarecrow was apparently filmed in 8 days) and actors are often green and inexperienced. The only aspect you have complete control over is to write the best script you can within the limits you specified. The Scarecrow text seems to have been written in a drunken fog. I can learn about fifteen examples of illogical scripting for this film, but I'll just mention one example: The Gravedigger. A gravedigger figure is presented about an hour in the film. It seems to have nothing to do with any other characters already in the film. He appears with his daughter, who has nothing to do with anyone else in the film. The gravedigger is given a couple scenes to work for sure and is then killed to take out the number of bodies. Why Give Gravedigger Daughter? Why does her daughter give her boyfriend? Why bring them so late in the film? Why not try to make them part of an ongoing story? Scarecrow does not seem to care. <br /> <br /> "Story" Scarecrow goes to something like this: Lester is a high school kid (game and actor I'd like to be early 30) who is chosen by other children. He is an artist who paints birds and smashes a colleague named Judy. His mother is fertile and the city whore. One of her reluctant friends mocks his drawings (by calling him "gay" to draw birds instead of "monsters and cowboys." If you have a high school student still drawing cowboys, I think he is likely to be a lesbian high school student drawing Crows) Later, Leicester, in an atom field, is killed under Scarecrow. Magically, Leicester's spirit goes to Scarecrow. In a way, this transition changes the spirit of Leicester from artist to gymnast (I know that some reviews have described Scarecrow as a Kung Fu Scarecrow.) Scarecrow actually performs a full protein before jumping on the truck during the climax of the film. Then the Scarecrow continues to kill those who torture him, those who smoke the pot in the cornfield, those who dig the graves, their friends from the grave-diggers, pretty much anyone who appeared in the film set. <br /> <br /> Reward feature should be mentioned on DVD. The director (French) makes an improvised version of rap music, confesses that he enjoys the absence of executives in the group so that he can disengage his wife at work and give a quote to live (and I rephrase): "Life ez a bitch, br /> <br /> The number of beers I drink while watching this movie: 5 Did it help: There are not a number of beers required to enjoy this movie: all it takes to disable the sugar level.
