Over the last 20 years, most British films revolve around the extent of extreme poverty in the UK and how our young people do not have a chance to live well while living in the streets of British cities. The British film industry is obsessed with the idea of ​​"breaking Britain". Trainspotting, England, Kidulthood, Football Factory, Kes and From London to Brighton. <br /> <br /> Bullet Boy is just another British movie added to that list. The main character expresses her desire to move forward, but he still insists on hanging around with the dead beating of guns and fighting with bandits for nothing. I was never convinced that he wanted to go right because there was nothing to keep him from continuing education or trade. In fact, it was possible to have a pure breath if he had slowed down and we had a personality that turned his life. Instead he spends his time helping his friend try to commit a murder. I did not feel sympathy when it was filmed as expected by another teenager at the end of the film, which is sad because at the beginning of the film I loved the whole family and its desire to succeed. I think the manufacturers missed a great opportunity to show the world that success belongs to those who want to pursue it (such as the pursuit of happiness). <br /> <br /> I know that the purpose of this film is to try to paint a realistic picture of what life looks like for black teenagers living in working-class Britain, but do not we already have enough movies in the UK with this very same plot ? Is not it time for these talented British producers and writers to offer something to look forward to and show them a better life around the corner? <br /> <br /> I salute the makers of Bullet Boy for not being fully loaded with the senseless violence of trying to get success through shock factors (like Kidulthood, Football Factory). But at the same time, this film does not offer anything new to a long list of British films Which are depressed and depressed to watch. There is no happy end to this movie or any of the other films I mentioned.
