One of the worst five movies I have ever seen. I do not exaggerate. In fact, I recommend watching it until you get the same sense of uncertainty that you might see by watching Showgirls. <br /> <br /> Of the 400 votes, the film gets a user rating of 5.3 / 10. But there is a disproportionate number of voters awarded 10/10, perhaps because of the film's message - nuclear weapons are the curse of humanity. Chuck Murdoch is a small college jug that gives up baseball because there are nuclear weapons. Soon, "Amazing Grace" Smith is a stellar Boston Star of the Stars category inspired by Chuck's story and abandons basketball. Soon all sports tournaments from professional level to college to high school to break up the league a little in protest around the world. Later all the children of the world go to a silent strike. This inspires the President of the United States to meet the Soviet Prime Minister, who agreed in time to eliminate all nuclear weapons in time to start the next small league season. The film ends with Chuck about to get out of the first pitch, where the president tells his best friend Chuck not to worry about hitting each hit, because he did not throw the baseball in a year. <br /> <br /> Somewhere along the line, the head of the wicked villain kills amazing Grace. When the president discovers, he is told that the FBI can verify the killer but will not be able to prove it. So the president called the manager of the criminal world ("but this one" I do not care, put it on the line ") and told him he would resign from all the boards of the company he was sitting on and sell all the shares he had told her. I was on TV from 2:30 am to 4:00 am and I saw everything, I did not stop by anti-nuclear propaganda. I do not understand why Smith's "amazing grace" was killed To friends Chuck, why the father was angry with his son constantly taking a principled stand. There was a moment cliche near the end when my father told Chuck: "I did not tell you this at all, but I am proud of you." CUE hug.
