It is a real shame that no one under the age of 30 knows the writing of Michael O'Donoghugh's magazine articles and the SNL snippets that were genius at the time ... It is a real shame that anyone has taken this opportunity to look for his work, Easy way to watch videos - leading to MR MIKES MONDO VIDEO. <br /> <br /> This movie contains smart elements that never link to funny bones. The viewer faces things like diving / swimming with a man who thinks he found great happiness by throwing these cats into a swimming pool followed by the camera in a slow motion and montage sequence. Then we are moved to an island where all previous heresies (hula leaps, pet rocks, rainbow wig etc.) are then retired and we enter into the world of music (punk had a new variety of music at the time of this movie) where "Rootboy" "With the performance of the" Rhythm "bar with the performance of" The Dance to Vominate "in its lazy style of dirt and selective corruption, now the true beauty of all this is background music.In many different styles with many different instruments, TELSTAR's voice was playing and answering - for those who do not understand Telstar, was the first US satellite launched into space and the attribute was created for the celebratory It seems that Mr. Mikis was referring to the absurd waste degradation in society ... Now there was one thing that the theater presented was that the video version is not a live show of Sid Vicious, but it's a completely different story. It's the sad part - in the VHS version, Paul Anka rejects the rights of his song and the viewer is forced to experience 3 1/2 minutes of silence with an explanation rolling over the image of a gun. Sing Dead. <br /> <br /> I would like to give the play version 5 or 6, the video is closer to 4 and now it has become a lot of passersby I can see through which many people will give it 3 or 2.5. If you want to see the O'Donoghugh scenario well, it has been introduced ... it is a better tribute to the brilliance and talent of the man.
