Well, I might be about to criticize everyone on this site, but Good Good is one of the worst movies I have seen in a long time. We have a two and a half hour film that looks like three and a half hours because it contains two films in one. The first film tells the story of a family that has to move to form its home because of drought and famine. They must travel south to cities to find food or work of some kind. It happens to them to easily find a bag of jewels and at the same time discover that the drought is over. yes I agree. With this knowledge they return home with their wealth and everything is fine and wonderful again. <br /> <br /> Well, the film takes about an hour and a half and although it is very steep at this stage, it has a beautiful arc to it. Do you think this would be a great place to finish the movie. However, the film continues for another full hour. In this time remaining, the story takes a simple story of a family dealing with the world's hardships and turning it into a naive melodrama about betrayal and jealousy among lovers. Oh yes and age, money is the root of all evil, Blah Blah Blah. Just because you know making your epic movie does not mean that your story can go on unnecessarily. The main idea I would like to gather about this film is that the land is good for this family and brings it together. Then why spend an hour telling a story about a rich man falling in love with another woman, and why the last minute of the film is for a wife who did not care about our main character during most of the film. <br /> <br /> Oh, wait, the film is not the only thing that was badly written, the main character Voge is meaningless at all. She complains a lot that she was a slave and she never wanted to have a slave and yadda yadda yadda. So why, when the hat falls, she wants to sell her only daughter to slavery. Even if they are starving at the time of this idea, it does not make sense 20 minutes later in the film complaining about her unwillingness to get the slave back. <br /> <br /> There are other films from the 1930s that need attention. The only thing this happens is cinematography. The land was shot beautifully, Oh and the sequence with locusts is impressive. He was so bad in a film that he had nothing to say. <br /> <br /> A last thing. I know that at this point in time, Hollywood has mostly focused on the stars and found that a good actor could film anything. For most of the film, Paul Mony depicts an Asian man as best he can, but once he reaches half a point where the film goes on without cause he gets lost and Paul becomes a regular old man, so they cut his hair so it looks like Tony from Scarface (also a better film). Of all the main characters in the film, I think there are three Asian characters, and the rest are just silly Americans. Oh, and I hope Ms. Rainer is a really great performer in one note, no, if you can get Oscar out of your hands, will I do it. <br /> <br /> The good land is a waste of time. If you want to watch something on this mess in a beautiful evening, get the The Grapes of Wrath, a movie that really deserves all the praise it gets. Mainly because it was not written by a monkey.
