... because they are both very poor. I think the best part of the film is the horrible imperial image of Fai Donawi at the top of the stairs. It seems that she can easily get out of that picture, tear someone into pieces of blood, and quietly insert the image as if nothing has happened. Now, you know that a movie is in trouble when it runs part of the group upholstery to attract your attention. <br /> <br /> I admit, I paid $ 30 for the DVD just so I could see Faye Donawi in the horror movie Contemporary. I know what you're thinking - $ 30 down to a serious black hole. It will be completely correct. This movie sucks. There, it is right in the open. I was expecting some real concerns, I waited and waited and waited. Nothing came. The crow did not scare me (maybe a crow in makeup), seeing small pieces of internal organs did not frighten me, and even Fei did not scare me. I'm not brave, I know, so the film itself must be the problem. What's more, Jennifer was not too scared. Her internal organs were literally disintegrating and seemed more overexcited than anything else. Her life was fast approaching and she was worried about getting more money. Dear, you can not take money where you are going !!! "I need money," she says constantly, completely ignoring the fact that her lungs have collapsed and stopped working. . I was suspicious at first, Fay played my grandmother, and I was still suspicious in the end. There's another house nearby Jennifer and Mary Ellen are forcing my grandmother from From Hill to come in temporarily, and I think she's from the same generation as the grandmother. Here's the strange part - the relatives seem to have just finished her eight-hundredth birthday party. Mary Ellen looks like she got a facelift from a famous surgeon. Facial lifts can not work miracles, but I think the appearance of Faye is important to the rice paper plot. spoiler!!! It seems that the family is suffering from a disease that affects the bad behavior ... sorry, my little joke. Seriously, there are all the diseases that cause their members to fail and eventually disintegrate. Yok, huh? It is interesting that Mary Ellen is still alive and all her members are intact. How to avoid the curse of the family? Obviously there is something going on around her. <br /> <br /> Another reason for mourning for the loss of thirty dollars - this movie includes one of the pet movies I was working all the time. I would like to refer to the double ending. This film ends twice. I hate it exactly when it happens, and in this film, the director seems to have finished, did not like it, and I forget to remove it during editing. I think it's supposed to be scary, but that's only if you're a film editor. <br /> <br /> However, there is an added advantage to this disaster, which is one of the reasons why I purchased a DVD. The commentary of "Director" Faye Donawi shows, and I wanted to see how she acted when she did not have lines to recite. Guess what - the film sucked badly and I could not sit in it again. Drat.
