Jennifer Shadow is in Argentina and Jennifer Cacy (Gina Phillips) arrives there after the death of her sister Johanna. Jennifer left Johanna's house at her wish, Jennifer decided to sell the house and return to Los Angeles, although her grandmother Mary Ellen (Faye Donaway) opposed the sale. Although strange things begin to occur, Jennifer begins to get nightmares about attacking Ravin as she begins to feel very ill. After a hospital examination, one of her kidneys seems to have disappeared under mysterious circumstances. What happens to Jennifer? Is it the curse of the old family? Will Jennifer be the next to surrender to her ... <br /> <br /> This joint American-Argentine production was co-authored and directed by Daniel de la Vega and Pablo Barres, a truly senseless waste of ninety odd minutes, a boring and predictable modern ghost story Which I imagine will make more people sleep sooner than they are intimidated. Script for Vega and Parés & P.J. Pettiette is very slow and boring, this is not what anyone wants, I mean I'm sure most people do not want to sit down and feel bored of their skulls. The characters are all interesting and somewhat unknown with little motivation or nothing for anything they do. For example who is this man in charge of the cemetery? How did he know about demons? What are his interests and motivation to participate? I could not see him. Jennifer herself is a very unpopular leading lady, and her grandmother Mary Allen is a cliché when she comes, and surprisingly she is obviously villainous. I mean for this kind of ghost / ghost story based on mystery that it is expected to be predictable and routine. There are loopholes in both logic and story, along with terrible endings that were not so many transformations that I did not like in Jennifer Shadow Wen. A method is used to whiten almost all the colors of the picture, which often makes them not far from black and white, and I think they wanted to give it a gothic period, but it was done a lot before, and often it is much better that did not do much for me at all, only Makes the whole film seem boring and unimportant. There is a specific period of forty years also, ranging from fashion and even within the big house, but again looks very nice and inexpensive. Jennifer is well-established but somewhat forgotten, it's not scary or creepy and fairly predictable. If that's not enough, there will not be any fuss either. There are some scenes from Ravens that delight people and the beating heart, but nothing else. <br /> <br /> With a budget of about $ 1,000,000 and reissued to The Chronicles of The Raven for it, a DVD version in the US and the world is reasonably well-made but a million will not buy you much. These days, Jennifer Shadow proves this theory to a great extent. There are plenty of scenes in which actors also speak in thick Argentinian dialects, although it may be realistic, but I like to be able to understand what people are saying. The representation is fine although Dunaway deals poorly and obviously there is money for it. <br /> <br /> Jennifer's Shadow is a ghost-nonsense movie I thought it carried full from start to finish, but I prefer watching The Strange creatures stop living and become zombie mixed creatures !!? (1964) again instead. A complete waste of time.
