This is easily the most frustrating and less satisfying film of the so-called black exploitation genre, which, by the way, is a film we enjoy so much in our home. Instead of being "exploitative" or degrading, these films actually provide an invaluable insight into an era. Well, not Bucktown. <br /> <br /> In this story, Duke returns to Bucktown to run the nightclub left by his recently deceased brother. He quickly learned that the city was under the control of a completely corrupt police force, which had drained protection funds from all local companies. Resist the Duke, and decide that he will save the city from corrupt police. Unfortunately, he does so by calling a group of his friends (these people are mysteriously described as some former black fighters who have worked with a Duke in past "jobs") and are simply killing the entire police department in cold blood. Literally in the presence of hundreds of witnesses who do nothing to stop him. Ignorance is not a justification for killing, and it was very interesting to see the cracking police suffer from their actions rather than simply being beaten in the street. While revenge is everywhere and is generally satisfactory in films of this kind, it is far from seeing Pam Jarir track down the thugs who have sacked her family, threw them out, and gave them a jujitsu ass-kickin 'game, back and forth on fire . This contains art (and why it exists) and deserves a level of respect that is totally undeserved by simply shooting someone in the back. Of course, in this strange story, you play the role of a woman under the thumb of a man, afraid of the crackers that run her town and persecute her people. In fact, her advice to Duke is "Run, man, I'll kill you!" <br /> <br /> In the wake of unsatisfactory and unsatisfactory violence, we are expected to believe that the mayor of the town condones Duke's behavior and his friends and congratulates them and offers a parade in honor of them, for example, calling the district attorney to press charges of murder against them And their detention. Duke's site poses the procession and instead refuses to fill the many vacancies in the police force created by the recent wave of killings. They proved immediately that they were more corrupt than the predecessors of the Cracker Police (in the mayor's words, "They're 10 times worse than we had before!"). Duke now finds that he must save Paktown's citizens once again from corrupt law enforcement officials and speculators for protection, making it safe for decent people to run prostitution on the streets. Unfortunately, Duke has already lost all the high moral grounds and sympathy for the hero, because he was willing to kill the original police force. I did not because I was interested in one way or another if he had saved Paktown or reached himself at this stage. I suppose we would be happy with the smart way Duke should outdo the new cops, but in fact the film was now just an opera of unwarranted violence. Duke had killed all his ex-friends and allies in cold blood in the same way he lacked the sympathy he had when they shot Police of the Cracker. Duke is a pig. <br /> <br /> Finally, when everyone in the city, except Duke and Aritha and local brothel staff, dies in the street, our hero and heroine walk at night as though they have some impressive qualities or replace values; they do not. Duke is just a killer killer and Aritha is his partner in empowering women. If you're interested in this type of film, I highly recommend them, see Coffy, Foxy Brown, Truck Turner, Blacula, Sheba Baby ?? But if you have to do this operation on this DVD, throw it away. As far as you possibly can! Stop it immediately! It must be treated as a glowing pool can be treated by nuclear waste! There is no single film in the entire Blacksploitation era, which is not amusing, satisfying and filled with more sympathetic and admirable characters than this piece of mud, which is clearly written and targeted by some sophomore secondary school students.
