Night of the Comet begins as the world prepares once for a lifetime event, the death of the 65-year-old comet. Instead of watching the light show, Regina Belmont (Katharine Marie Stewart) decides to spend the night with filmgoer Larry Dobry (Michael Bowen) in a booth ... They wake up the next morning and when Larry tries to leave the cinema being attacked & killed by zombie, Zombie Regina but managed to escape as she discovered that almost everyone on the whole planet had turned into red dust. Almost everyone because, by sheer coincidence, the only other survivor is her sister Samantha (Kelly Maroney), they are looking for more survivors and meet a long-distance truck driver named Hector Gomez (Robert Beltran). Meanwhile, an evil group of scientists needs human blood to develop a vaccine to save themselves from being turned into dust, and they are looking for unwilling donors ... <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Tom Eberhard Night of the Comet is a garbage watch experience Pretty, I'm amazed at the size of the positive comments on IMDb on this subject because I thought it was a boring crap and did not live up to its potential. The script starts at 100 mph with the erasure of all the inhabitants of the earth and the zombie attack, but it goes nowhere at all, and then finally offers the evil blood that steals the scientists at the end of the film because by that time the story had begun its slim. There are holes in the plot also, if these scientists wanted blood, why they shot the three or four gang members and saved the sisters when the men would give more blood to their experiences, killing them seemed quite strange and almost suicidal to do since they needed to Blood for the development of treatment, it makes no sense to mean whether you will die and need to conduct an experiment on human blood, but that there are five or six donors provide blood or only two? I do not face the fact that the two sisters survived independently of each other, I mean, what are the possibilities? When Hector confronted the female scientist for the first time, Samantha never mentioned where she was or where the facility was underground where they took Regina before she committed suicide. How did Hector know these things? I also thought after the first twenty individual minutes that the film slowed down to snail speed and became very boring and boring to watch, after hearing a lot of good things about it, Night of the Comet comes to me like more than just a boring bit of crap. <br /> <br /> The director Eberhardt does a really good job, I liked the look of the film thanks to its red sky and it is able to create a wonderful atmosphere of isolation. Unfortunately, there are lots of empty street footage, there is a constant montage of empty streets, abandoned roads and abandoned buildings, which is very repetitive and boring. Well, we do not have anyone else, so there's no need to continue our shock by showing the roads down without cars on them. The zombie is completely lost. There are two zombie attacks in the entire film, two individual zombies, despite some effective nightmare scenes. Night of the Comet honors many other best films, including the mandatory end of world shopping in a mall raised from Dawn of the Dead (1978). Forget any blood or gore because it does not exist. <br /> <br /> Technically, the Night of the Comet is very good, the special effects are good enough, and the production crew was very good at closing the streets. It was a good representation for Maroney, where Samantha was the blonde head antenna that became very annoying. <br /> <br /> The Comet Night was a big disappointment to me, I've been hoping so much more. She convinced the film that it was boring, boring, quiet, and an evaluation sequence where the sisters went shopping to the tune of "Girls Just Wanna Have Fun", perhaps the worst moments of the film. Really bad and I do not understand why so many people, I'm sure I will slay to say so they called the violation I can accept ...
