I think the applause round is for the one who compiled the video for the latest Rogue Pictures release, "The Return". I myself, with everyone else, have been fooled into believing that it is actually a horror film. On the contrary, in fact is a supernatural film. It's very bad, it's not the least exciting. <br /> <br /> Sarah Michelle Gillard's "Return" was influenced by Joanna Mills, a young woman who has had personal problems since the age of 11. That year, she began to wear haunting visions of the death of a woman she had never met. While in Texas on a business trip, these visions led to the hometown of a deadly woman, La Salle. There comes face-to-face with someone else who has often appeared in her visions. A man named Terry Stahl, played by Peter O'Brien. Joan is now in a desperate search for answers. A search that could eventually kill her. <br /> <br /> I really do not know where to start from here. What should I mention first? Terrible acting, horrible guidance, or awesome awesome story? No matter which one I choose my point behind all is the same: simply understand sucking. Adam Sussman sinister scenario. It's not interesting. Not convincing. It's just unpleasant. I kept waiting for something to start the "movie" (I've put quotes about the film because I do not think the movie "Back" deserves to be called a real movie because it's a mistake). At least give him a little chance of hope, but nothing happened at all. I've left the cold unbearable to freeze. Even the wonderful performances of the actors themselves could have saved this disaster. Of course they probably knew that this had read the text and then agreed to do the "film". I suppose this is why the acting was so terrible. At least that's what I choose to believe. I really hope that the cast will not be proud of their performance. They need immediate medical attention if they do. <br /> <br /> Now the direction is unambiguously bad, but I can not completely depress Asfad Kapadia. (Well, I can, but I will not do that since I was a nice young man.) I look at "The Return" as a test for Kapadia because you all do not know it, this is his first full movie feature film. Still the next time, well if there was next time, we hope it has improved dramatically.The only thing he was able to achieve here was almost repetition of the visual style of Marcos Nisbel's reconfiguration in 2003 for the Texas Massacre Massacre. That the "film" got it, but unfortunately it still will not get any glory from me for that (Even if it was a movie I enjoyed a lot.) <br /> <br /> I think the rewriting of American film "Pulse" by Jim Sonzero will now have to overtake the title "The Worst Movie of the Year." No doubt he deserves the title in almost every imaginable way ... Now I have no doubt that this will make a small profit, I mean it is a very small profit, regardless, it will not go beyond or even parallel to the lucky success of Gilar's acting in acting, "In this observation, there is one last thing I would like to add. I can honestly say that I have never been embarrassed by my vision as they leave the theater hall until I see the "return". This is something I never want to try again, along with the "film" itself.
