It is hard to find a film that rests on the myths that are still common to Senator Joe McCarthy as a political devil. Boyle (CJO) gives a convincing but historically inaccurate picture of the Wisconsin senator, McCarthy's cartoon is seen by many as real. Meredith, like military lawyer Joseph Welch, who defeated McCarthy at Army hearings in 1954, is very good, as always. <br /> <br /> In fact, McCarthy and Cohn were right in worrying about the appalling security situation. In the Army, Army hearings in 1954 became involved in the smoke used by the military to distract the investigation away from their security failures, which the Commission was investigating, by counter-accusation that McCarthy was trying to obtain preferences for their staff, David Shine, while in service. <br /> <br /> The controversial film driven by the agenda, based on the widespread myths that have passed the truth with many people for decades - that "Red Fear" was essentially false and McCarthy, HUAC etc. has always been criticized far from For example, people who know little about the subject still feel confident in repeating the misinformation about McCarthy and that he is not a fool. "Red intimidation" to the book "Moro" Calgoni today This is an example. Misinformation is widespread, no wonder people swallow it. The London-based leftist newspaper The Guardian has said that the Hollywood writer "names McCarthy" - to perpetuate a lie that McCarthy "achieved" in Hollywood as president of HUAC - the truth is that McCarthy was not Was never a member of HUAC and had little interest in Hollywood politics - his investigations were examined almost exclusively in the arms of the US government. <br /> <br /> Myths about unfounded "red intimidation" are now fully blown through government documents Soviet and American recently opened, if there was anything from McCarthy and his associates downplayed the The huge size of the Soviet infiltration and fellow travelers in the United States, but decades of misinformation about this period will be difficult to correct. <br /> <br /> One day, some brave Hollywood movies may indeed film a film that illustrates the truth about the number of men and women The Americans who secretly helped the mass murderer Stalin, and worked to impose his evil regime of rulers.T in the Western world, giving a careful account probably about Joe McCarthy's career, but I will not hold my breath. Until then, we have this drunk deceitful drunkard of popular fiction popular in the media .... "Tail Gunner Joe".
