In all my years of film work, I only came out once in a movie, and this was appalling "Stay with us". Luckily, the cinema retrieved the ticket and went to see "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" instead (a slight improvement). This film is "Gone with the Wind" compared to "Dick", a comedy so eccentric that it became almost the second film out of which. "Dick" was a very wrong thing, so it was impossible to laugh at him, let alone laugh with him. <br /> <br /> Granted, paying for watching a movie with a title like "Dick" suggests that the "dick" jokes will be filled with flavor and conclude with great disappointment, yet I had high hopes because of the outstanding cast (Daniel Hedaya, Bruce McCallough , Dave Foley, Christine Donst, etc.) and the premise promised something at least promised something fresh. What has been delivered in the film, as in the past, is four sadly "dick" jokes, a playful timer suffering from a jetlag, and the hypothesis diminished after the first five minutes. In short, the Watergate scene of the "Forrest Gump" was extended - put on a rack and distorted - more than 90 minutes in the stool. <br /> <br /> As soon as you understand that the two main characters - not tired of kaffellin shoppers who do not have eyeballs constantly - will participate in every major Watergate event, and begin to investigate the mental plot as they progress: 18 minutes and a half erased From Nixon tapes, CHECK; deep throat meetings with Woodward and Bernstein, Chek; John Dean getting a heart change and certificate, check. The process ends in a quieter and more interactive way than with a real Watergate company with lots of laughter to boot. Although it is supposed to be an amusing re-enactment of the events that led to President Nixon's resignation, it turns into a self-generated comedy, chooses your own adventure, fills in very few blanks and entertains even less. <br /> <br /> Even the strong point of the film - cast earlier - is fruitless here. The most disappointing of all is Harry Shearer in the role of c. Gordon Lady. Trapped behind the heavy Liddy Sharp and long-sleeved in this astonishingly demonic scenario, Shearer stabs a few lines, trying desperately behind the nose and artificial brows, then disappears. Dave Foley, one of the masterminds of Kids in the Hall (two others, Bruce McLaugh and Mark McKinney, who are also featured in this film - ah, the grace of cronyism) is not at all cost. Haldeman sometimes sheds light on the much-needed funeral plot, but most of what is projected is the latest in the world of sports - movies may be the most entertaining. Then there is Daniel Hidayat on behalf of Richard Nixon - excuse me, I mean "Dick". (He's how funny he was.) He's able to play a solid Nixon, avoiding pitfalls (like make-up, rubbery nose and false teeth, Anthony Hopkins) while preserving the essence (oscillations between human tenderness and toughness). I seem to forget someone. . . Oh, yes, my movie stars, these angry teenagers. I can not remember their names, perhaps because I have suppressed their performance. Nothing could be further than funny. Nothing could be more painful than having to endure their payoff, which ran a series of "overactive" and "overactive" with "pee" at times ejaculation. <br /> <br /> This film seems to have been a bad excuse to link soundtracks in the 1970s and to review the obscene clothes, both of which seem to be the norm these days for movies and television programs set out in "I Contract." But clothing and music end their role as an alternative to real characterization and plot, a kind of additional shortcut that producers hope to make up for deadly writing. <br /> <br /> The only possible use of this film is years on the road when any of the talented actors appear on David Letterman or Conan O'Brien. This awesome cinematic output will be taken out to embarrass the guest's amazing star. The sad thing is that the real bad guys in all this - the writers and the producers - will be away from the looks of the cameras, and may be preparing another disaster like this. <br /> <br />
