When I first saw the preview of this movie, I could not wait to see it. The plot looked good and the setting was great. I mean, a slash film happens on a concert night, a great idea !! The plot: A high school teacher becomes sexually obsessed with one of his students, gets mad and is arrested and escapes after three years on the night of the party! Night Prom, a night supposed to be happy and memorable, turn into hell !! However, I saw and was very disappointed. It was not just the "worst horror film" I've ever seen, but it was one of the worst movies I have ever seen !! First of all, it was not scary. There was not a single moment in this film when I jumped out of my seat. Also, the murder scenes were very cheesy and boring. All that the arteries did was either stabbed his victims in the stomach several times or cut off their throats. Also there was absolutely no Gore (rated PG-13). Perhaps the bloodiest scene is where the murderer killed the black girl. He shaves her throat and sheds blood on the leaves hanging around them (they do not really seem to cut off her throat). <br /> <br /> After that, you see the killers facing the first time it is presented in the movie. It is not mysterious, creepy or scary. It's just someone who kills people. <br /> <br /> Also, everything in the film was very vulgar. For example, when the murderer is about to kill the main character, at the last minute, the investigator calls him the fire and kills him. Also, everything in this film was predictable. The victim, after seeing the man with a knife, is working for her life, hiding, and thinks she is getting away with it, then the killer just came out and killed her. <br /> <br /> Finally, the sequence of the movie was very bad. The man goes to the hotel, kills some people, and the bodies are discovered. One of them calls the fire warning and everyone is released. The main character forgets something in her room, encounters the killer and flees and escapes. This is! She and her boyfriend return home, and the thugs kill the guards who patrol the house, find the girl, and then the detective kills her. The sequence of the film was stupid and cliché. <br /> <br /> If you think about watching this whole movie because the preview looks good, trust me and do not waste your time or money. No wonder this film is shown in the smallest theater in the cinema. My friend and I, with these two girls sitting back, are the only ones in the theater. He should have told me something about the film in advance.
