The Little Mermaid is one of my favorite movies for Disney. I'm sorry to say, however, that Disney was completely messed up when they made this sequel. I will admit it contains some good points for it. The songs are not bad, the animation clean and clear. I'm sure that some humor - I do not remember it, because after watching it I immediately banned appearing before my eyes again. The worst point in this film is the plot. In this film, Ariel became her father. She forbids her daughter from approaching the sea (yes, for fear of it), just as she was forbidden to approach the earth. Personally I think that, given her past, Ariel will keep some of her ways too hard and will not treat her daughter as she has been treated herself. <br /> <br /> In addition to this fact, Ursula was replaced in a non-scary and pathetic way. A kind of sea witch (forgotten sister with weak nutrition) which is more comic than horror. They also have a little bit of neglect to do bidding - but they are not scary or worse than Ursula. Ursula spoiled us with her bad faith. This marine witch is a joke. <br /> <br /> To make matters worse, Flanders is the fat, deep-voiced father (no longer the gentle Gobi we all know and loves) and Eric's voice is not even made by the actor himself (something that always bothers me in a remake / sequel). (His voice was very clear to me, by the way!) I felt that the only reason behind the production of this film was that Disney could get a few dollars fast, something I hate to think of a company I really enjoy. I felt that this plot lacked imagination. I know that this act (following the child in the footsteps of a parent) occurs, but Ariel was different. That was what we liked so much. She had a dream, fell in love, and made this dream a reality. So appeared in this film, that is. Then I became like other adults. This is not Ariel I know. I do not like it. <br /> <br /> I know some of the children who enjoyed this movie, and I also know some adults who did not mind it. But for me, and all of you who have the utmost love for Ariel, please do not watch this movie. Ariel, who we know inside, is dying and was only revived for a last song or two, which is actually not bad (where the water is accepted again) - although she is only involved in the end, regardless.
