I love Little Mermaid first. I know songs, I love characters and I love the story. I can not say anything like that about Little Mermaid 2: Back to the Sea. It was terrible. Let's start with the story. The plot was a transcript of the first film. Same cases, only in the opposite direction! Ariel wanted to live on the floor, and her daughter Melody (the creative name) wanted to live in the sea. Ariel was deceived by Ursula, and Melody was deceived by the sister of Ursula, Morgana. Was his sister Ursula ?? I'm not sure where it came from. In addition to being a bizarre version of the first film, this filmmaker seemed tired and uninterested in the first film. Now characters: 1. Ariel - what happened to her ?? !! She was no longer the courageous girl we all knew and loved in the first film. Her vocalist was also not strong, as Judy Benson was older, or the songs were so terrible that her talent was lost. 2. Prince Eric - Although he did not have much personal character in the first film, like all Disney princes, his new voice and very few lines made him more rhythmic. To overcome him, he does not seem to defend himself, and Ariel becomes one of the strongest players. 3. Sebastian - Say goodbye to the favorite crustaceans from the first film, because a small and light little sling took us in place. He also did not have good songs in this film. You can almost forget the glory he earned from singing the amazing film "Under the Sea" and "Kiss the Girl" from the first film, which is very sad. 4. Flounder - They destroyed it !! No longer pleasant, his voice terrible, and he has children now? Who is the mother ?? 5. Morgana - She seems to be the sister of Ursula in order to avenge her mother, who has always chosen Ursula on her. So Trident intends to get King Triton to become the new ruler of the sea. Sounds familiar? In any case, they are very vile and vulgar and lack the greatness of Ursula as a villain. It has failed in magic, which is not very difficult, nor is it at all threatening. 6. Melody - Ariel and the daughter of Eric. The name is eternal because, unlike Ariel, she can not sing her annoying voice, and her friends (rude and penguin ?? really?) Are not funny or lovable, they are just like Ariel, in the opposite direction and unpopular. Skip this one. You do not see any sequel from Disney except for Lion King 2. This classic film lives in all our fond memories. I will look back at this film and just laugh.
