Well, as a Disney fan for a long time, I'm actually getting Disney videos straight. Walt did not believe in them. He believed in "and they lived happily at all" being the end of it. But this one ... really taco knock. There was a lot of ripping for other Disney movies in this, it was not funny. Quick summary, if you do not already know ...: Melody, the daughter of Ariel and Prince Eric. The sister of Ursula, Morgana (who looks basically like Ursula, if she wants to dye herself green and follow the hunger diet in Ally Macbeal) appears, and after attempting to do a newborn rope, and failing, predicted the torment of the characters. After this ordeal, Ariel once came to be like her father, refusing to tell Melody about the mermaid's heritage, and later preventing her from approaching the sea. Surprise surprise Well. Melody discovers that she is the stubborn bag, and evades, and then makes a deal with Morgana to become a mermaid, for something. (G? Does that seem familiar?) She became one, but in half of her collection, she had to retrieve Trident's grandfather and return him to the witch of the sea. While doing this, she encountered a couple of bereaved animals, penguins and a tuner named Timon and Pomp-huh? do not wait! This is not Timon and Bomba! Or is it? It can fool me. Anyway, I would like to disclose more, but pretty much anything you can guess is happening. Very well ... a long story. This film "borrows" many other Disney movies (the best) ... and it does so terribly. Come on ... Tip and Dash? Why not make an overly swollen dash and make it more oriented! Ugh. Not to mention the massacre of Ariel's full personality. She moved from being a religious, religious woman to cloning her father. Not good at all ... They tell us mainly the sweet little mermaid whose growth we knew and love is dead. Plus Melody herself is not such a great personality either ... she's damn damned annoying! brutal! Not to mention what they did to the flounder. Ugh ... Anyway if you decide to see this piece of grounds created primarily for profit and fantasy, sponsored by Eisner, I suggest waiting until it is shown on Disney Channel or some other TV stations. Because it is not even worth the price of a rental. <br /> <br /> * Of stars *****.
