I assume that for Temple Matthews who basically wrote a remake though there are few changes that make it worse. Spoilers: It's pretty much like the original. Melody, Ariel's new daughter is threatened by the sister of Ursula, Morgana. Marjana fled, but she kept her promise to take Melody away from her. Does Ursula have a sister ?! She is not as evil as Ursula was. This is where there is similarity. Medoly is kept from the sea until Morgana is arrested, but she knows nothing about it, because everything happened when she was a child. A wall surrounds the palace to keep it outside and out of it. She goes under the wall day after day to swim and talk to Sebastian, who is not as funny or fun as originally. Find a sword bearing her name on it and run away from the house and find answers and find Morgana. Here is a similarity. Morgana fools Melody, making her happy by becoming a mermaid. Meanwhile Eric, Melody and the King of Triton are looking for her. To keep the mermaid you need to steal Trident from Triton. So Melody does, because she does not know that King Triton is her father. They make friends with penguins and the word here is the place is terrible. Penguins living with them in icy surroundings hate them because they are cowards. So they try to prove they are heroes and they failed. This does not fit a small mermaid. Dialogue during those conversations between the penguins and these two personalities is ear bleeding. do you know why? Because the first was a wonderful story. This one is not magical. It is just an example of how bad the sequence is. <br /> <br /> Melody finds her and helps her take her to Atlantica to prove themselves. When they take Trident, Ariel Melody finds Morgana. Melody is angry at her mother for keeping her from the sea until she gives it to Morgana, then shows her real colors as soon as she grabs them. The poor Ariel and Melody are in custody. The penguins begin to prove themselves when they fight a Morgan shark friend. Sorry I did not mention it before. They prove themselves in the end. Eric, King Triton and his soldiers arrived but were forced to bow to Morgana with Trident's strength. Melody takes it, and throws it at Triton and it looks like Morgana (literally). Ariel then apologizes for Melody and believes that all is wrong. has not been! Ariel did the right thing to protect Melody, but they never said that. Triton offers Melody to live at sea or land. It actually has a "better idea". They use trident to vaporize the wall so that humans and people can be together. Then everyone sings a terrible song. End. <br /> <br /> Obviously, everyone who saw and loved her did not see the original. I do not like this because I am a teenager. I liked it when I was very young. Then with my progressive age I began to see what was wrong with this film. Young children will enjoy it, but they will probably forget it when they go to primary school. Usually, I think I overrated one of the films and it was better than I remember when I saw it again, but not that movie. It's worse. The story is no exception. If you think, by reading this good news, read more of this comment and you will know other bad points: Well, you know the story now. I'm sorry to spoil it for you, but I had to point out some of the bad parts of it. One of the worst things is animation. The color is terrible. The original color was beautiful. Watching this almost made me want to be blind. Even the illustrations and landscape design were not good. The original version was beautiful and charming colors and the design of underwater landscapes and land as well, making it a pleasure to watch. <br /> <br /> The music is unbearable. Compared to the first, the music here is nonsense. The songs are not well composed and Tara Strong (I think this is her name) that Melody could not sing. Sometimes she sang either too high or did not follow the tune in the song. Lots because you own Melody as a name. The music is not beautiful or impressive at all. Little Mermaid 1 won the Oscar for it and really deserved it. This is worthy of the razzie award for the worst musical result in the sequel if it exists. <br /> <br /> I did not like the votes. Many people who played characters from the first, did the same characters in this. Judy Benson is a wonderful singer, but now that she is older, she has no insult, her voice has become very deep and is no longer beautiful. I am really disappointed in them and in others who were at first because they are part of this. If I was selected for this film, just by reading the script, I can say it would be a bad film. The characters are different now. Ariel is more wiser now, but annoying. They have surpassed her personality, making her very mature. In sequences, characters are not intended to change unless it is for a special reason. She was 16 years old. There is little chance that they change. This is where you become the person you will be for the rest of your life. The scriptwriter should think about it. They should think about personality. <br /> <br /> Well, I think that's the thing for me. I hope you find my comment useful, because I am sure that many of you will agree with my point of view.
