This film makes me want to shoot every time I see it. If the first movie is taken, the plot is reversed (Ariel wanted to leave the sea, her daughter wants to go to the sea), pick up the same characters and give her new animals and new names, then throw the crazy cartoon and the biggest sucker, possible, you get the little mermaid 2. Her main Copy of the first film with reverse plot. I will take you through her horror step by step. These are the people of the first film: First of all, Prince Eric is still Prince Eric, with about 3 lines in the entire film. Ariel is tense and distressing, not the spirit of worries, which we saw in the first. In fact, are quite the opposite. Sebastien Sebastian is still less elegant and less convincing as he is cumbersome, and jokes are no longer funny. Flattened fish has about 2 lines. He now has children and speaks with a stupid nose. Scuttle is still a stupid scuttle just not funny. Perhaps the character of King Triton is the best; he still retains the terror and love of his daughter Melody. It seems that Ariel and Prince Eric do not feed their daughter. <br /> <br /> As I said, all they did was use the characters from the first movie and copy them. This is what they did: Ursula - The new villain is Morgana, the sister of Ursula that feels like she has always lived under Ursula. I would not be afraid if she appeared on my door with a knife. She could not do anything properly and she failed as a villain. She has the same voice ursula did. Sebastian and Flanders - perhaps replaced by the most stupid fluid owners, Tip & Dash, the word and the penguin. They try to be heroes but they always fail when trying. The plot is very predictable. They become heroes in the end. Yawning. Flatson & Jetsom - The recycled shark has been replaced by about 10 times by Triton. Hess is really too bad. Morgana and shark (shark, I think it was named) have no chemistry, good or bad. Ariel ah, Ariel. Our beautiful mermaid was replaced by her beautiful un-melody daughter. Melody can not sing, her voice up about 2 octaves than she should, and you want to hit her in her face because she is pretty sweet too. She wants to go to the sea, she is clumsy and the children make fun of her, and she has to find herself. Yawning. <br /> <br /> Not only is the film boring, it's unusual, as it's very simple when you watch this movie, you'll be upset. Some parts of the movie make you want to call Disney up and ask why this terrible movie was made as a supplement to such a wonderful origin. <br /> <br /> Basically, the comparison of the little mermaid 2 in the small square is like the comparison and Ed Wood's film to Casablanca. You never see this, even when you are bored.
