Although Bondarchuk was not a young man at all when he was assigned to work on this project, he was still a beginner with only one picture, and the successful adaptation of the short WWII story, in his own name. Of course, Bondarchuk was already a founding star a decade ago, but thespian's skills mean little behind the camera, and as a director, he was not so painfully prepared to make such a production. It shows through mixed lead compositions, especially in group scenes, and often the unfortunate camera positions. The director's very uneven performances were so overwhelmed by the sheer volume of task representatives apparently left to their own devices, the embarrassing audio sounds that seem like broadcast ads Radio stations. <br /> <br /> "War and peace" Fedor may have been the main reason why the Soviet government did not spare any expenditure on this production. The version of the USSR made the image of Fedor the beginning. Sure, Bondarchuk wanted to simulate the greatest strength of a Hollywood film and find his own Audrey. His last choice, Lyudmila Savileva, is something dark-haired with a big eyes that looks somewhat like Hepburn. Unfortunately, the ballerina Kirov had no acting experience or talent, so it is not surprising that the most pleasant words I can find to describe her performance are "awful." <br /> <br /> Although it may be expected that the Soviet representatives, speaking the same language as Tolstoy's characters, will have a better understanding of them than foreigners, but this war and peace often prove that it is not. The revolutionary upheaval has swept through the upper class of Russian cultural soil, from which the world of war and peace has emerged. So a large proportion of these Soviet actors involved in this production often seem as ignorant as the Americans who play Shakespeare (of course, American actors can not play) Shakespeare is credible, but you will know what I mean if you have seen American members of the cast in the Burnag amendments). Of the three main characters, Pierre Bondarchuk is only one of the laureates, but he was too big for the part he felt at first.
