A science fiction film that is very bad but pedestrian and suffers from particularly hateful, misrepresentative and ridiculous. The film begins with a spacecraft dating back to explore on Mars with a woman and a man with green mud on his arm. Through some of the contradictions of the plot, she begins to know what happened on this ominous journey, as all the tapes seem to have been almost magnetically scanned. There are four astronauts on this journey: a military type played by Gerald Mohr, a poor man Humphrey Bogart enjoys the word "Irish" and has a hunch on behalf of cod, then there is Nora Hayden, a beautiful red red and only female team member on board with three men in uniform More than possible modulation allowances to highlight all its curves, then, Les Tremaine, a wonderful personal representative of cheap science fiction films such as Egghead, and finally, Jack Kruschen as Sammy - the man from Brooklyn with jokes and does not seem very bright despite his choice of experience in the field Electronics. None of these performers is a good one, and all of them say that their dialogue with little conviction. See Tremin speaking this scientific nonsense! Truly, the best of the four is Crochet - who says a lot about this film. But misbehavior aside, the film collapses when it lands on Mars via the flashback. The angry red planet had a real cheap budget because Mars was really the Southwest with a thick red color above it. When the story calls for something that may look like Mars, there are drawings painted with a heavy red dye. You can say it's maybe monsters are even worse because we get a spider of mice up to 40 feet. Some children seem to be gathering together to collect dead animals together. The other important creature is the giant amoeba with a twitching eye. Whew! This is bad. There is a beautiful sketch of Mars, but there was not enough of that in the film. Despite all these big problems, The Angry Red Planet is a bad and fun film. It is really amazing to see how far we have come to civilization. Most of the things they used in the film are too old. One person uses an electric shaver with a wire and I think they can reach Mars but still use wires. Director Ib Melchior gives an interesting look to much of the film even with budget constraints, but the story he and Sid Pink do not fly. How did it end with music and dope colors? awesome man!
