The space ship dates back from Mars. About two months ago, a four-person expedition was sent to the Red Planet. Most of the picture is a flashback to what happened there. The picture is laden with dialogues and melodramatic dialogue, typical of many science fiction efforts in the 1950s and 1960s. Note, for example, how the captain of the vessel (Moher) tells a crew member to "stay there" for no reason; as if moving to another place inside the ship would cause a problem. Later, the commander ordered two crew members to stay in the ship while he and another were leaving. The two said that he had been told to stay saying "unavoidable" and following it; I had little hope for the success of the campaign at this stage. There is a lot of talk about "twitching ears" and hugging a freezing beam gun called "Clio" (abbreviation for Cleopatra, of course). It will be at least very funny, unintentionally, if you do not pull the story. <br /> <br /> There is a very slow speed in everything; astronauts spend a lot of time searching for the portals of the ship's windows (which change from red to blue), hanging on what they see, as they do outside and are already exploring . The Merykh scene, advertised as cinemagic, is usually like animation clips, or drawings, captured through an orange-red filter to give an illusion of interaction with actors, who perform a strange surrealistic rendition due to manipulation. But I do not think it deceives anyone over 10 years old. The smart male I observed was that the memories of the surviving astronaut would be realistically distorted, to explain the unrealistic nature of Vista Mars. Oh, well ... <br /> <br /> I was pleased with some of the actions of the astronauts when they began to explore; directly off the bat, they were testing a weapon to freeze them on a factory, killing them, just for hell. Then the member infiltrates the sickle on what you think is a tree but it turns out to be the leg of the spider beast. Nice, madam. Search next time. No wonder the "intelligence" on Mars is upset and does not mind that one of the forms of life, the giant amoeba, is attacking the explorers. Acting is not very impressive. Moheir in particular, he had a very disturbing technique, he says a line and suddenly burst into a wide smile that always made me go out - remind me! Terrorism from behind space. The end is somewhat anti-climatic. Do not expect any massive information that goes beyond "no more campaigns" with a freezing gun called Clio.
