60 minutes in beautiful Cristina Galbo trying to escape from the isolated boarding school I attended at the beginning of the film. Is she running from a kind of fate so terrible that you can not think of it, or a monster, or a black glove killer, or a supernatural evil? No, she runs from a bunch of bullies. Over the next 40 minutes, many of the characters around the school walk around in dark candles looking worried or dazed. That does not say much in itself, perhaps because fantastic films have been produced about it. But if you go to have characters walking around the corridors and stairs, Alain Resnais or know how to light up the stairs in light red and purple apples like Mario Bava. We know that the killer stalks the perimeter of the school but his body count is deplorable and little, and in the absence of visceral horrors that one expects to find in Jialo, we have no sense of evil secrets / untold secrets wandering behind the facade of system and piety and righteousness which is a kind of La Residencia wants to be but does not know how to do it. We know that something has been stopped because the girls are being reported missing but we never get a vague ambiguous atmosphere that says, "There's something wrong here, man." When Cerrador tries to comment on the sexual repression of female students, he does so through quick hysterics and detailed stories of the eyes and lips parted as the "shocking" music blends in the background. You can not find any of the ethereal beauties and the hikes of the rock suspension here. Everything is clumsy and aimless, without a real sense of urgency or direction. A number of people are presented as suspects but there is no good reason to care for the identity of the murderer who is not noticed by the characters of the film. I love the first murder, a picture of a knife hitting a target on the victim's face as a gift in the background, but the rest is very illogical to my taste. I must say that Mirador was much better at killing children and admiring the grandeur of the WHO. Can you kill a child?
