In fact, the only other actor who would be less likely to play the role of Emily Keifoyle than Hamilton is Anthony Perkins, but somehow managed to provide a reasonably effective image (and as a film producer, he was unlikely to be expelled or told that it was not appropriate for the part! ) Here are listed early in the life of daredevil cyclists here in multiple memories. The film begins with a rather absurd introduction to Hamilton in his white skin that sparkles the stars in the world, according to Knieval, as if to say, "Do not worry, this film is about my youth, but I will be back in my country costume by the end of the picture." Hamilton prepares for a big leap, yet still licks his wounds from the former where his faithful wife Leon supported him and flattered him. He remembers many short essays about his childhood and his stricken teenage years along with his early days as a stunt rider and a prosperous celebrity. This inverted approach is somewhat sudden, and sometimes detached, but it prevents the film from sticking to one of its inexpensive collections for too long or falling into a rut with fairly infantry personalities. Hamilton, who is usually a smart and gentle person, does a very good job of fine detailing the behavior and behavior of his characters, including walking. His hair is lighter and taller and works harder to give the correct injuries in his speech. (He even praises the many Knieval injuries by appearing in a faded towel while his shoulders are covered in "scars" of multi-confessional incidents.) The face does not look like a real pheasant, but refers to it in its physical performance. Lyon is excellent at playing the girl he loves and then the mundane wife, although her 3-pack-a-day voice threatens to keep her out at any moment. She and Hamilton beat easy chemistry and went a long way in putting the film. Other supporting turns are provided by Fred as a fickle doctor, Cameron as an early helper and Taylor as a side leader for flea bites. The film was produced with a low budget, but the story is fairly low rent anyway, so it does not affect it very badly. Utilizing the sites of Putti, the actual Montana wisely used to give the film a suitable small town atmosphere. Many of Hamilton's instincts are amusing, although the character is certainly reckless and indifferent to the ownership of others! Some of Knubble's complete and failed stunts are included in some blurry flicks, one of which is "mind boggling" where the man is wrapped and cut like a rag doll. Hamilton's wife then (Stewart) briefly appears as a nurse.
