Well, you may not actually see any woman you love in this movie, but you will certainly hear women talking about love, men talking about love, women talking about men, men talking about women, men talking about men, everyone talking about death, talking and talking, You want yourself to scream and do something that does not require any talk at all, like painting your bedroom or watering your plants. <br /> <br /> Welcome to the world of DH Lawrence, where there is high psychic chatter, and where no one can live a productive life because everyone is too busy talking about how unproductive their lives. Spend some time with characters in D.H. Lawrence looks like confinement in a wardrobe with a group of your most self-absorbed acquaintances who may run away from them if you meet them at a party. When I read "Women in Love," I wanted to stifle every character in her, but since I could not, I hoped they would suffocate each other at least. Unfortunately, only one of them dies, not by strangulation, and will not spoil it by telling any of them, in case they actually made a curse about this story or any of these people. <br /> <br /> To give director Ken Russell a benefit, he shoots this copy as entertaining as possible to make this novel essentially unbreakable. It brings out a lot of the psychological mumbo-jumbo that Lawrence liked, focusing instead on all the naughty parts, so we get a lot of historical love of love in the family and fields, two naked men wrestling with the light of fire, and an embarrassing scene in which we now see. Bates (yes, buck naked again) wandering around the prairie makes love on bushes and grass (I'm not kidding). Glenda Jackson won the Academy Award for her performance as Gudrun, the dominant sister in the center of the story, and is certainly trying her best to do anything with this article; any person deserves the Oscars just because he has to make Russell's decision to give her a scene where she has to dance savagely before a herd of Mysterious cattle. Oliver Reid has a single, intense glowing expression. The whole thing is overly written and directed too much, a comic camp. In fact, this competes with "Dearest Mommie" as the most unintentional hysteria film I have ever seen. <br /> <br /> Grade: D
