Prom Night is a new version of the 1980 flick title starring Jimmy Lee Curtis and Leslie Nielsen. The film is screened in Oregon, where Donna (Brittany Snow) is about to go to a big concert and allow herself some fun after having gone through some very painful events in the last few years. She and her friends arrive at the party at a large hotel and try to enjoy the most enjoyable night of their lives. No one knows, a man of Donna's past, has been stalking her for years, he is also in concert ... and ready to kill anyone in the way of his pursuit. <br /> <br /> I'm a fan of the original Concert Night, so I tried to keep some hope in this film, but I have to admit I was very disappointed. Suffering "Night Prom" of the worst disaster can be caused by a horror film, this is the ability to predict. There are no surprises here at all, and I felt that I had seen everything in this movie dozens of times, and often better than before. What does this mean for the public? Boredom. Unless of course you do not see any horror movies, or part of the pre-teen audience, but most likely the audience will be able to guess almost everything will happen. The plot is simplified, but the entire text is free of any kind of surprise, twisting, or atmosphere, or anything, and that really hurts the film because it never gives the audience anything to sink their teeth into. Everything looks very nice. <br /> <br /> It seems that many people complain about the fact that this PG-13 is also a slant, and I understand what they say, but I do not understand it. I think it is impossible to make a very good film with a minimum of bull. Take the movie "Halloween" from Carpenter - for example, from the violence on the screen, but still a very scary and effective film. You do not need to make a scary movie, but even if it's a "night concert" unnecessarily violent (which is not, it's very tame), it would add little to the film because there is not much in the film. The script to build on it to begin. The tension and tension here are mild at best, and I spent most of the film predicting the outcome of the positions, and it was correct about 99% of the time. Our characters are not well written either to the public to make any contact with them, and their sudden demise is routine and indifferent. <br /> <br /> I will refer to some of the things I liked about this movie, because it was not entirely useless - the cinematography is really beautiful, and everything was well and fairly pictured. Among the "jump" concerns (which are most predictable), there were a few smart ones. The movie sets are very nice and the hotel is a stylish place to explore where the plot is, but predictable. As for representation, it is modest at best. Brittany Snow plays the lead in a decent way, but the rest of the actors do not show much talent. Jonathan Shack plays the role of villain, and may be the most experienced artist here, but he is not influential. However, I liked the character he played, which was a wonderful change from the typical "masked" type killer we see so much. As far as the finish ends, the last fifteen minutes of the film made me bored from my end and was anti-climate. <br /> <br /> In general, a "night party" was disappointing. It was all too vast, repetitive, and predictable, which is somewhat annoying given that this was probably a decent film. There were a few wonderful moments, but the film had no suspense or atmosphere, had little development, no credible characters. I advise experienced horror enthusiasts to save their money and wait until they are shown on the video, or rent the original instead, because there are no surprises here at all. Some may find a little entertainment in it, but it was highly anticipated for my taste. I was expecting the best and left the theater very disappointed. 10/03.
