I almost fooled myself when I would start this review by saying "This movie reminds me of Billy Elliott" but then I searched for the resume of Lee Hall's scriptwriter just to find out that he was the man who wrote Billy Elliott so Mr. Hall is fooling himself and not me. /> Do I be cruel to him? Not because I have something that most other screenwriters from Britain do not have - he put his foot in the door, he has already written a successful British film that won prizes and earn money at the box office and what to do next? It gives the public more to do <br /> <br /> Jimmy Spud lives in some of the tub's properties. He is bullied in school and nobody likes him. The only thing that keeps him is that he has ambitions to be a ballet dancer. In fact he has no ambitions to be an angel, but given his family, he may be a ballet dancer. He has a pissed pee for the father who thinks "ballet dancers are a bunch of bad guys," his grandfather says. "Ballet dancers are harder than any man you can meet. I remember seeing Baloch dance ... "Yup Ballet is the main talking point in a British Council area in those days - no, come to think about it, not the Left Wing policies that seem to be the only conservatives of the middle class who live in Nice big houses, so everything in this group immediately feels ridiculously false <br /> <br /> Another big criticism is that this film has no clue about who is trying to get in. Channel 4 has been criticized for broadcasting movies at times other than Completely appropriate (earth that forgets at 6 am for example), but they are a They look at it at 2 am and for the first time they put it on immediately.Considering the story includes politics, ballet (Gawd) I hate it) Lung cancer and poverty is no way to be considered suitable for the family audience, but because the main protagonist is an old child 11 years old and is characterized by angels and ballet dancers (do not blame me if I seem obsessed with the subject - there is no need to point out them) there is not much here for an intelligent adult audience too. <br /> <br /> Of course, Script that he must write a story involving a student and a monk and categorically refused to say that he wanted to write On other subjects I will apologize, but throughout the film, I feel that once the film is finished, it will be marketed to the same audience exactly that I enjoyed Billy Elliott
