Can you tell the production of Liu's degree a mile away? British distinctive in style; epic in pregnancy; pet by cast all-star international. Usually set in strange climates. It was a formula pioneered by Grade and its ITC company throughout the 1970s in the early 1980s, leading to titles such as The Eagle Has Landed, Firepower and Raise The Titanic! In 1977, the Grade Or March, an old-fashioned, foreign-style legionary adventure, depicts all of the above characteristics. Directed by Dick Richards is usually reliable? Who led my famous Farewell My team only two years ago - March Or Die is a sad disappointment. <br /> <br /> A company from Foreign Legionnaires, led by General Foster (Gene Hackman), is sent to Morocco soon after the First World War. Their task is to protect an archeological party in front of him, Max Von Sydow. Archaeologists are excavating in the ancient city of Erfoud, but fear an attack by Arab tribesmen following the destruction of a previous archaeological collection. Foster is not satisfied with the task ?? Historical artifacts are not worthy of risking their lives. This creates a constant tension between him and Marneau, who believes that professors should sacrifice their lives to make drilling work possible. The problems are exacerbated when a beautiful woman named Simon Picard (Katherine Denov) is spotted alongside the Legion. She hopes to know what happened to her father, a historian kidnapped by Arabs when they killed the first archaeological team. Her presence inspires the Corps, nothing more than the Roma thief Marco Segreen (Terence Hill), a charming rogue and courage that initially shows indifference towards his fellow corps but gradually growing in position. Things reached a climax with a huge battle in Erfoud, with crowds of Arab tribes united accusing a group of soldiers as they fought hard to defend their lives. <br /> <br /> The star duo of Jane Hackman and Terence Hill seems to be on paper a mismatch? Hackman is the Oscar-winning heavyweight actor, and Hill, the mediocre but limited man of the Italian heart of many Western low-budget noodles. One expects Hakman to act with his counterpart outside the screen. However, it is strange that Hackman is the one who provides poor and reckless performance, while Hill raises his game to surprisingly high levels. The film is attractively filmed on desert sites, but the speed is awfully slow and a few characters deserve attention. Music Morris Gary is very uneven? Very disappointing from the guy who gave us the Lawrence of Arabia degree. Remarkably, anyone had the nerve to experience an old-fashioned adventure of this kind in the 1970s (it was the kind that reached its peak in the 1930s and was forgotten by everyone during the intervening decades). Unfortunately, gambling does not really pay off? This tribute to the old legends becomes more than just a rally.
