Geez, another Lifetime movie, but again not the worst film in the world, but far from the best. I think the main problem is that it is very clear who is responsible for what, and generally predictable. Even worse, some of the last shots were confusing, leaving the viewer wondering "Well, how much should I care?" One thing I liked about it is that the film shows you that it is not that simple because "good people are good and wicked are bad" and sometimes evil is against evil rather than good versus evil. Hadley did not do what she did out of justice, but she did it because she considered herself eligible for a job to be a family, and to eliminate competition. For Alicia, it simply proves that the victim is not always a good person. Some of them do "really", even if the "death" is painful and terrible. "The Burning Bed" is a great example of this, but the difference is that the evil guy in "The Burning Bed" got exactly what he deserved. But did Alicia "come"? Some will say that they did, but others do not, and the law in general does not. <br /> <br /> As for acting, it is a mixed bag. Some do a good job, like Mia, but others have just appeared indifferent to their roles. They were mostly wooden or simply unconvincing. The music was fantastic although some of the scenes were beautiful and steamy, especially if you liked the girl / girl movement. The film was not filmed badly at all, but due to its extreme weakness, the backpacks in the background, unfortunately. <br /> <br /> I heard rumors of a sequel, but looking at the years, I doubt "it will happen, but I would not be surprised if a supplement appeared suddenly." If Alicia is evil, complicit and terrible, people say, then I do not think she will think, "Yeah! I woke up from a coma! Oh, Hadley been responsible? You want to drop the charges! "Hadley will not be in jail for a long time anyway, even if she did it at any time where the murder had not actually occurred. <br /> <br /> Anyway, it's worth checking at least once!
