We see the body of a dead girl in a morgue with the investigator trying to close the girl's eyes, but no matter what she tries she will not stay open. Then we move on to the future and follow a group of former school friends hiding in a terrible secret, but suddenly they begin to pick them up one by one in horrific ways. Through the memories of the past, we learned of this terrible suicide of a shy girl who was trying to be one of the group, but they closed her because they dug her past and discovered some strange events. So, are you back from the grave seeking revenge? <br /> <br /> What a wonderful story and always scary! Well, that's what I hope to say. Hope was as good as it had been. This is an awesome, awesome flick that I've seen before, but I thought it was my first show. To my amazement, it came to me when I started to pick up some things, but as I said, it was an unforgettable combination that looked like the first appearance again. "Nightmare" is just another type of field that adds "few" changes to the porridge. Oh, please give me something fairly new. It does not have to be completely original, but this one-time J-Horror spell attack is very stressful, although it penetrates the usual ghost story that really involves your guess? The spirit of evil chick looks evil. <br /> <br /> But despite my negativity in being the same old story and the same tremors, this kind of entertainment is delightful when it is appalling and appears in some terrifying images, where the deaths are clearly shown with some original touches, while the gloomy atmosphere Alert the audience with ambiguous lighting. A scene that involves the spirit of intimidating one of the girls is one of the experiences of blood clotting, but in fact when you do not try to shock you, I found it coma and thought about getting some eye, it may be harsh, but never go anywhere of any interest between That shock moments. You can say that, because the supposed mystery is not really much, the unconfirmed story is simply flat and the characters are a handful focused on themselves and do not really care about what happens to them. The disjointed story should focus more on the soul than on those gentle personalities who have an unconvincing collective relationship. I just beat her cards when she became too distorted and took too long to reach that when it came to the climax, it's totally ridiculous. The terrible end of the film is a high point, though. <br /> <br /> The film looks good, although it could have been done without a quick release of the fire and the musical result was somewhat exaggerated in playing the mood. The offerings offer a fine line, but Gyu-ri Kim is a strong leader. <br /> <br /> It's nothing new and steals thoughts shamelessly, but if you look at the past, it does make some bad things. Although I found it to be reckless, despite the strangely effective chills. A standard all-round effort I think, but still impossible to miss.
