In a different version of Sholay, Ram Gopal Verma attacks what might be called an unknown territory where the bomb takes on a new shape. The Thakur goes south. Muhanalal, where Narsimha is looking for a police inspector who killed his family in retaliation for a school style. Accent is quite southern India unlike Thakur from the north. The cutting of Thakur's hands by Jabbar also falls into Aaj's fingers. So the cost of make-up is reduced because there is no effort to hide the hands instead only the long-necked corta covers the cut fingers. Morisu at the climax where Thakur uses his legs and says "Teri Lei just paer hi kaafi hai" here Narsimha uses his finger seed to shoot and kill the villain. Babban, the new avtar of gabbar is also different. It is not Bihar or UP. He is in Bambia. The notorious loud laugh is also in two parts this time and quieter. Two doors of Diwali instead of Holly and Romane Urmila are asked to replace Helen in a pet. He also dances and enjoys dancing with Abhisheh, who plays Galal Agha in Mahbouba. Baban is smarter this time. He threw the apple and asked the question that made Isaac Newton discover the laws of gravity. Basanti is more verbose than Ghungroo. Nisha Kothari can not run the car driver and looks very artificial using words like "entertaining" and "too many" with gay abandonment. Viru was having a great time, while Ajay Devgun was deemed unsuitable for the game. The God Speech to Basanti Incident, shooting lessons, Koi Haseena song and painful water tank series. The water tank turns into a well and Devon is drunk so badly in the sequence that the public wants him to commit suicide. Jay was composed and serious. Brashant Raj is better than others because we do not expect anything from him. But it also flips in the moussi sequence. It's not as romantic as Jay with the mouth machine. The role of Jaya, played by Sushmita, changes careers. A housewife turns into a doctor this time drowning in full-time social service after her husband's death. She also lacks the pain offered by Jaya. Her courtship with Jay is more open this time. Samba gets a bigger role this time like Tampi. He does not have to point guns and answer questions this time. Tracks Babban wherever he goes and is a bodyguard with more vision outside the crib. Horses give way to jeeps and cars. A mighty hideaway here is changing and becoming a Kaligang. All in all is more of a parody than anything else. RGV comes with his own interpretation of the classic. But we remember the original very well even three decades after our minds refused to accept glossy versions and changing dialogues. So we call it parody. Mr.RGV (Sholay), Farhan Akhtar (Don) and JPDutta (Umrao jaan) stopped reconfiguring and started making original copies.
