Cholay: Considered one of the greatest films. She has always wondered whether she will re-create her as a classic. This was the time when RGV announced this film and I was a little excited to see it. I always thought that maybe this would be a good movie, but every week we change something RGV. The film is an extremely B-Grade movie, something I did not hope. <br /> <br /> I really tried to look for positives, but I promised to keep Schulai away from my mind. Great cinematic photography. The film tries to be his own. But this is the upper side. The sequence of work is weak. It was a possible scenario. The biggest drawback is editing. Which of the scenes excites you. For example, comic sequences felt misplaced and forced. Ironic because the comedy was originally entertaining. None of the characters were developed. No scenes will remain until the end. The end was very disappointing. <br /> <br /> The biggest question is work. Amitabh Bachchan was as good as Jabbar Singh, nothing great. It seemed as though they had focused so much on its appearance, so that the character only seemed threatened, but you did not sneak. Muhanal is barely in the film, but he is impressed by his few scenes. Ajay Devgan was decent. The performance was not much, I gave it all, it was weak. Brashant Raj is quite confident and has the ability to make the most of the best movies. <br /> <br /> I had most expectations for Sushmita Sen, who probably was the best. It was expressive, but that was not enough. Nisha Kothari surprised me. She seemed mostly uninterested, but her emotional scene after the death of her friend was good. She seems to need to find a way out of her talent, not her beautiful appearance. But the most frustrating thing was chemistry. Ajay Devgan and Prashant Raj do not seem to be friends. Ajay Nisha was not a strong couple. There was no passion between Sushmita and Prashant. Amitabh and Muhannal did not show the abhorrent passion they needed. <br /> <br /> As for songs, they are largely absorbed. Mehbooba of Urmila was overrated and grew a lot through him. However it was a nice dance. The holly number was pleasant, but memorable. The same goes for other songs. For someone looking forward to this film, I was very disappointed. I had high hopes for RGV because of his absence, but it seems as though he lost his talent while shooting this film. But we hope to regain his talent for Sarkar Raj. But it is better to forget this film. All the pros still do not make up for the boring film.
