I can not come up with enough words to describe the horror I felt as I sat in those movies watching Ramgopal Varma Kay Aaj, the bustling director's attempt to pay tribute to the classic Western Bollywood, Cholay. The biggest problem with pharma remodeling is that it does not even try to produce a reliable film. It is clear in every frame of this film that the heart of Varma is not present in it. What you see on the screen is a bad joke at best, a gimmick from the director, and you certainly see little respect for the film he claims to have admired throughout his life. I have seen many bad films over the years, but I can not remember a film that was tortured as it was. Consider yourself very brave if you can survive the entire movie, because it tests your patience like some of the movies in the past. Pharma may borrow his plots and characters from the original film, but his vulgar and hollow version of any of the spirit and energy of Cholay. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is actually a mockery of those gems because it turned out that everything was not the original film - very beginner - too long - too boring, and completely neglected. Pharma scoffed at the very fond moments of Cholay, so she wanted to grab his neck. One of the most memorable scenes in Cholay, where Darmendra climbs as Vero rises to the water tank and threatens to jump until his death in this film where Ajay Devgan plays the role of hero, pulled a gun to his head and threatened to shoot himself. How do you wish he had withdrawn the operator and provided us with all this suffering? Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag does not fail just as a new image of Sholay, it's a very bad effort even as an independent film. The devastating rear effect of the eardrum is more like the person who engages the vessels in the kitchen, and the camera alternates between drama and spinning. The partners in this horrific crime of showing this funny film on screen are mostly film representatives. Both Sushmita Sen and Devi take their role and film seriously, intersecting their lines with the stop, staring at the camera for impact, and overall performance like her life depends on. Muhanalal in the role of Narasimha, struggling with his Indian dialogue seems to be embarrassed by some of the most stupid lines in his brilliant career. Newcomer Brashant Raj plays Jay as the equivalent of Raj, who has no acting cast and can not be overwhelmed by the intensity of the brood brought by Amitabh Bachchan to the part of the original film. The new hero Ferro, Ajay Devgan is completely hopeless, failed miserably in his attempts at comedy. But the weakest part of the film, the most shocking of all, is Nisha Kothari in the role of Gungroo, who entered the shoe of Hema Malini in the role of Basanti, a popular antenna head of Cholay. Nisha Kuthari is not only the worst actress in this country, but perhaps the worst actress in this whole world, she gives the disturbing word of a whole new meaning and makes you want to slit your wrists every time you appear on the screen. After that, Amitabh Bachchan plays Babban Singh, Ramgopal Varma's version of the most famous villain in Indian cinema Gabbar Singh. The only actor in this group who knows the superlative tone of the film and plays together accordingly, Bachchan builds a threatening figure to watch. He's supposed to be evil to a comic book that fights and brags and brags and hates, and does all that well. But since he is trapped in such a failed project, his performance does not really help to upgrade the film in any way. No surprises here, I'll get zero out of ten and two thumbs to Ramgobal Varma Key Aag, it's one of those painful film viewing experiences that will not even subject them to an enemy. It's not like Pharma has not dealt with a remake before. With Sarkar, he gave us a clever and fun experience on the godfather, and it is unfortunate that he made this Cholay take away such a beloved classics. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is his worst decision in his career at all, as he is a dark spot in his autobiography and will be embarrassed forever. I think this film will enter the film's history as Ramgubal Varma Ka Dag.
