The drama in its essence, Anna, shows the real fact that all actors age, sometimes disappear. Anna believes that America is a safety net for her, and her home, and can not do it wrong ?? But she refuses to underestimate herself to do the work she does not believe in. She is strong nose, optimistic, stubborn, and arrogant when it comes to her life, but do not be afraid to let others in, while giving up in a matter of moments. . Ana flips among the characters, making this film ideal for an older star, but not an audience audience. "Sally" was praised for "Sally Kirkland" and her ability to get "grungy" for this role, but after a month of 2008, "Anna" is still one of the most important elements of film culture. It is an old, boring and chaotic history. <br /> <br /> Yurek Bogayevicz has a hidden message inside Anna about the falsehood in Czechoslovakia, politically and socially, but Kirkland refuses to allow her to flirt. Bogayevicz is not afraid of playing with the camera, using wooden frames to allow Kirkland to emerge, and not afraid to reduce the characters surrounding him, so when you remember Kirkland's film, it is when you walk away from the movie. If it is not clear, this film will not sit well with me. Since the opening of the first chapter and the depth of the second chapter, Anna felt like a theatrical production in high school. The characters were absent, there was no prior enlightenment story, and there was no definition of time or place. There was Sally Kirkland, stubbornly saying she was better than the other actresses who were competing for the same lifestyle she wanted. She randomly meets a friend, a young girl who has traveled a long distance to reach America for glamor and magic, and two of them (within 20 minutes) build a friendship that can break all the walls. It is emotionally dull and unreasonable. Again, randomly, we meet Anna Daniel's friend (played by weak Robert Fields), who brings nothing to the table in terms of definition or character? Just to draw attention to Anna Kirkland. In about two hours, we see more random actions associated with unnamed characters intertwined to create a story based on loose threads? And Sally Kirkland. It is unfortunate that I continue to say this but "Anna" would have been a great film if Bogavich had made equal time between Anna, Danielle and Christina, but instead forced us to play a one-sided game in which emotional scenes speak louder than a conspiracy. <br /> <br /> Is this where Charlize Theron found inspiration for her less beautiful role in "Monster" or "Halle Berry" in "Monster's Ball"? Did Sally Kirkland discover one of the first actresses that by allowing themselves to go to the Oscar character they would shine in their direction? During this film, I felt disgusted by Kirkland's portrayal of Anna, and the lack of Bogajevich in the excitement of anything else he was good at. Give us Bogayevicz Anna does not work hard for her parts, do not care about others, which means generally enthusiastic ?? After we feel sympathy for her? Near the beginning of the film, imposed what you want to do to others, and bother when not reach its path. Certainly the aging actress I have appeal to them, but Kirkland creates a more childish personality rather than a mature personality. This is where Anna can get better. If Kirkland had been mature, she would have eaten it, but this baby girl Anna was impossible to believe. While my favorite scene is nearing the end where Anna goes to watch one of her old movies playing (including silly makeup characters) and burn the film, this scene is also one of my favorite short films. Anna has made a huge life for herself, creating films and creating a dream, but when anyone else wants to get into the spotlight, she feels jealous and angry. This did not make for a character I wanted to stand behind and do not win an Oscar. In combination with the traditional blend of the 1980s background, the hideous upper wardrobe, and the abandoned end (where did it come from and what happened?)? "Anna" has largely fallen into the realm of spectacular cinema. It was an offer, an opportunity for the old star to shout at the world again. I succeeded in this film, but I do not think I will be fooled again. <br /> <br /> In general, I can not say I was impressed with this film. "Anna" is not a movie about an old movie star; it's about Sally Kirkland and Sally Kirkland only. Bogayevicz tries to do more with the story, but he fails either because Kirkland will not allow him or realize that there is not enough to support the full story. There are one or two decent scenes in this film, but there is nothing to promote this film as innovative or influential. Did not Bogajevic create a personality that the public believes, tears, or devotees on Sunday afternoon? Create annoyance. Kirkland was not Anna, she was an actress who played with her somewhat exaggerated and harsh on both sides. I may have missed the scope of this film, but what makes films like this work is the cooperation of all concerned. This was not the case here. In the movie "Anna", Kirkland ordered Daniel to behave like a dog (apparently symbolic), but during the entire emotional scene, I could only think that this was what Kirkland was for those on the set. It did not make this film, but turned it into its own production, because of that Anna failed. Can not I suggest this to anyone? From Czech to other? skip it! <br /> <br /> Grade: * of ***** (for this annoying scene that crawled me)
