I started watching this show for the first time probably around 2003 or 2004 with my friends. Of course, at the time I was younger and enjoyed some jokes at the show. I was 11 years old in 2003 and 14 years old (2007). Although my age may play a major role in how to judge this show, after reading the reviews of others, I saw that after the third season, this show stopped. I agree. This offer is repulsive and repetitive and usually focuses on the same plot. <br /> <br /> The show turns around Timmy Turner, who got two fictional godfathers because his life was basically awful - his parents were not around him, he was a bad baby sitter. The whole plot of view is that this child (Timmy) and Goodybars are always willing to have some destruction that can not be prevented by offering another wish, because there is something in the "rules da" that they can not. The show contains a lot of fonts that are still repeated, such as "Magic can not break true love, super toilet" or even some funny joke lines that Nickelodeon thinks are funny and decided to put it in the ring several times. <br /> <br /> The exhibition targets children under the age of 10, because it involves strenuous attitudes and "child humor" that most children of my age do not care about. I have had a better personal voice selection as well. Timmy enjoys a high female voice and is very loud as Cosmo does. Wanda looks like an old lady. It seems that Timmy's father looks like an announcer or host of a show of games, and Mom's voice from Timmy is so exaggerated that it does not seem feminine. The positions in this show are: In some episodes, Timmy talks back and behaves in a spoiled and naïve way. Anda seems intelligent and wise. Cosmo stupid, stupid and unable to think like Timmy father. It seems that Timmy's mom ends up doing anything done by Father Timmy. <br /> <br /> The show is so far from reality that I do not like it. Perhaps as a younger child, I could have seen more humor in this show, but as I grew older, he was already a great old man. Not to give up votes or "shatter", but to offer him that mentality that makes you want to commit an act of murder towards the characters. View like this should be your attitude, if you know what I mean. If not, it is basically disgusting to you.
