* The spoilers and extreme extremism are waiting. <br /> <br /> When this show first started, I found it acceptable and enjoyable. Oddparents was somewhat of a kind of animation loved by children and adults. She also had high grades along with SpongeBob. But the fall began due to the following waste that Butch Hartmann and his team paid to the show. <br /> <br /> First, humor in the toilet is not funny. You can easily laugh quickly from a toddler with burping, but this is the only audience that laughs at such vulgar humor. Next there are kiddie jokes. Lol we can see people in their underwear and we can see people dressed. LOLOLOL !!! I can not stop laughing at such gay bliss! Let me help you! But of course, this offer will not be so bad if it does not have these stereotypes. Have you seen how the Australian team pictured? They saw nothing but a simple thing from kangaroo lovers and the throwing of cattle living in a hot desert. But now ... Is the coup of grace why this offer is absorbed by the loudest voice for all of them ... Excessive use of jokes !!! The show constantly captures the same jokes (the vast majority of them are not guilty) believing it to resemble the greatest thing ever! Cosmo is mostly the person in charge. I hated how they continued to mention "Super Toilet" (which also contains a mixture of malicious humor in that too) and Cosmo. Who can forget the silly battery ram joke used by both masked parents in Demsdale's e-mail loop? As you know, the person in which each parent speaks (oblivious to the other parents who say so) is exactly the same sentence before breaking into their children's room? Yes, it may be a first-class humor for some people, but it's obvious to others. <br /> <br /> If I'm not mistaken, I think Butch Hartmann said something about ending the show. Thank God! Everyone in my area says that, for example, I'm the most extreme Nickelodeon show ever. I do not agree with that? I think it's just another pile of horse dung we see at the animation stations every day, and worse.
