When I saw the trailer for the first time in the Night Night, I must admit, that the passage was good, and it would be a fun horror film. So, my friend and I saw a concert last night and I say that I have to grow up because this film was ridiculous, not to mention that I am very sick and tired of the usual horror movies with high noise as an excuse. To intimidate people. There was no tension, personalities, how was I supposed to care about them? They did not have any evolution, killer?! Oh, my God, maybe this was the most stupid serial killer ever, and I know it's a movie, but why did not a man kill anyone before (or at least know) killing someone before, killing a girl's family and friends that he's just obsessed ? I mean, was he going to kidnap her or would he kill her? I have no idea, because this film is meaningless and very predictable and humiliating to true horror lovers. <br /> <br /> Donna's family was brutally murdered by her highly obsessed teacher, who was arrested and put in prison. It's been 3 years and now she's getting some peace in her life, but she's going to a big concert. But the killer has fled and is still Donna in his mind, following her to her concert which means bad news to her friends, the hotel maid, and the bell boy, because it is good to kill the maid and the bell boy so that no one becomes suspicious enough to check to see where they are. Donna is in great trouble because this killer who is obviously human can enter homes unnoticed and can kill people silently, just, wow. <br /> <br /> I'm sorry, I really wanted to like this movie, we did not have a good flick for a long time, but this was just a stupid movie I did not like. The positions were just unreasonable and the actors were repulsive. I know this was PG-13, but I like the way someone brutally stabbed to death and had little blood on their clothes? Not to mention no stab holes? I will not recommend this movie to anyone unless you are a teenager. This film was produced for teenagers, not adults, not for those who know a real horror film, and do not represent any insult to those who enjoyed this movie, but I do not understand how anyone can. <br /> <br /> 2/10
