"Hazing" is one of the movies I've always wanted to see only based on the cover image shown here on IMDb. Yes, so I'm shallow! I do not care if 10 million people have called it a nonsense film, the poster looks great so I think I'll have to see it ?? Now, "Screaming" can be described to some extent as its alternative title: Curious! The poster and the title look like a real horror movie on campus and deal with an evil initiation ritual, but this is actually more than a hybrid of comedy and excitement. First of all, there's something very wrong with the description line in the old VHS box you've seen. She says: He had good marks, good girl and good companions ?? Until he is put in hell. "This is not really the reality, but Gilbert Lewis is finally accepted by an acclaimed campus through an athletics scholarship, and it takes more than half of the film to hear even about his girlfriend at home and the only one The "friend" has a very naughty Charles Martin Smith (still with the hair in this film), both close to becoming members of the prestigious "Delts" brothers, but during their painful examination they have to get down a mountain wearing his elegant white underwear Barney of the slope cuts his leg, and when Lewis returns with the other boys, Barney freezes to death b The act, they planned to keep the body frozen for five days and then claim that he had never returned from a weekend ski trip, and with Barney's body hidden in the refrigerator, Lewis had to cover it so that Barney's absence seemed doubtful. That the execution could have been much better easily.The tone is very fixed and very serious for a comedy film, so it's a black film, but on the other hand, there are no proper attempts to build suspense or excitement, no. The soundtrack is exhilarating and full of light-headed tunes, but this is hardly enough to make this movie a comedy. About an hour after the movie began, the plot ran out and lost, and manufacturers have no better alternative to filling the void with romantic collections of Lewis and his ex girlfriend who sets out in the countryside. I did not like the last change, because it was totally unreasonable and because it was done several times before and after (although it is still recognized). "Loss" is not a complete waste of time, but I'm still happy because I found a former rental bar at a friend's house rather than having to spend any money on a recently released DVD.
