Soloist contains all ingredients to impress the academy. Its director, Joe Wright, authored the best photo candidate. Leading actor, Robert Downey Jr., starred in a widely acclaimed supernatural film. Finally, the film itself is a drama. When they were mysteriously pulled out of the release in late 2008, the guards and critics were bemused. Now that I've seen him, I assure you that Universal did not delay this movie to promote Iron Man-Oscar's tinnitus. A soloist is a weak drama with no external conflict that is far inferior to any candidate for the best picture of 2009. <br /> <br /> Downey and co-partner Jamie Foxx are not to blame for this incident. Joe Wright is largely wrong, but he can not save a life story. Many movies are very complex and isolate viewers. This one is unusually simple. It's a film about a newspaper reporter, Steve Lopez (Downey), who endorses a homeless musician, Nathaniel Ayers (Jimmy Fox). This is. Ayers is schizophrenic and does not hesitate to approach Lopez's traditional friendship. The two become friends. They start this film as knowledge and they are loved at the end. The tension consists of such moments: Will Ayers Lopez allow him to take him to the homeless shelter? This article was more appropriate as a production for television rather than a feature film. <br /> <br /> Wright includes many cheap humor scenes to hide the lack of content. Lopez fights raccoons defenders of the patio in what he considered a sub-plot. Do you remember when this happened in takfir or pride and prejudice? These movies were organized enough to allow casual joking, but nothing too long. Ayers' background story appears when you do not need to be. Worst of all, these scenes are not connected and appear at random intervals. It's a way of recognizing that the main story has little appeal. Nathaniel was a miracle of kaman with a harsh upbringing (you too). This is a fabricated attempt to create sympathy for Ayers when most of us already are. He has schizophrenia homeless to scream out loud! The film conveys to some extent the love of humanity for music, such as Amadeus and Beethoven Lives Upstairs. It is not as effective as any of those images. The whole film depends on Ayers split. It is in the end how he interacts with anyone else. Being a musician is a nice touch but almost worth including. The movie does not fully integrate this feature into its character. Take out music from Amadeus or Beethoven Lives Upstairs, and no movie remains. The soloist is more about the general friendship of music. Nathaniel can be a writer or a film critic, and some lines of dialogue will have to be changed seriously. <br /> <br /> This is Joe Wright's third film only, and his first film is not a love story staring at Becker Knightley. Let's hope that this film is not an indication of how limited its capabilities are. There are stylistic gestures to his previous works, but a soloist is much weaker than either. In his defense, Global should not have agreed to publish this widely. This movie seems to be specially designed for funneling. I would not be very disappointed with it if the version is limited. The poor performance of the box office may prevent the distribution of dramas better at the national level.
