A night concert is launched with the artistic eye someone gives during the course of an original life-length film meticulously. You know the one. In October of this year, Lifetime takes a break from the courageous story of a woman still alive (Enter the name of the disease here) to tell a somewhat creepy tale of a woman being stalked by her ex-boyfriend. Is it exciting? it's hard ?? It's very boring. Does nothing to promote the genre or narrate an original story or seek any kind of modernity. A night concert shares this ordeal. By watching the murderer punch holes in his victims, we sit silently as they flow to the ground without falling a drop of blood. It happened to me that this was the cleanest killer in the film's history. <br /> <br /> Our director works with a fairly good-looking assassin, so he has to pour the camera angles to make him look creepy. Think of Matthew McConnee coming to you with a knife. Maybe you go ?? "Oh, the man you look at is going to kill me?" Not so scary for a second, so the director Schaech throws in the shade and on the shoulder in the mirror. This mirror image is repeated to the point of illness where it becomes practically the fascination of the Creator. You'll get 15 cases going in this movie, two of which made my history leap (maybe I remember it all). I would also mention that they decided to take a nap in the middle of the film and at some point threatened to leave me. <br /> <br /> As if this film was not sufficiently separated, it seems to have been cut to shreds. I'm not saying that the main points seem to have been left on the floor of the cutting room as the crew scrambled to save some of the horror scenes; I say as the film moves from place to place, you often get an exciting jump. This is what you expect when the film lights up and one of the projectionists has to press its ends together, crossing its fingers, and hoping for the best. The editor must be shot. <br /> <br /> Through a plot, you can put two pieces in two sentences, bloodless blood spray, Emo killer and tension a very special ring of "silver spoons". Re-left without any reason to support horror this weekend? At least on the big screen. In fact, this is the kind of film that must be punished. Is it really hard to make a scary movie? Was this crew aware that they were making a horror film ?? !! A complete waste of time and yours. I bit the bullet to get you this review. Do not let my sacrifices go in vain. Do not go to a movie !!!
