When you place this DVD in the player and press "play", you will see a brief moment of silence and you will see a black screen where the laser is directed to the correct starting point in the center of the disc. Cherish this moment. Make sure you get some Tylenol or something (preferably PM so you can sleep), because you'll get a big headache once this movie starts. <br /> <br /> A group of girls with big breasts and with the opening that really made me a little chuckle, I thought I would be in a good time. Surely the opening sequence was a little awkward in the WEE, and most of the jokes fell and it seemed like it would be a loud scream (by the way, it was the only chuckle I have from Julie Stryn's last comment on this scene). But then I knew there was a problem ... The opening sequence had a terrible rock song. During this terrible rock song, I looked at DVD chapter titles and saw things saying "TOPLESS IN THE BACKYARD!" And "better than sex!". I knew what the point of sale would be. <br /> <br /> This is the sad truth: the only good thing about this film is the catchy film. Otherwise, it is a routine film unfortunately aimed at the concept of "innovative" about the killing clubs, which ends up being false anyway. So, the whole movie points to another direction to try to be confusing and this huge puzzle, but all that adds to the fact that you are not really fun at all and leave you feeling like you do not care about any of the characters. I mean, when it turns out that the main character in the film has killed an innocent woman, can you really feel any sympathy for her when she fears for her life? The effect of Scream is pervasive everywhere, with Ghost Face Assassin and some really terrible jokes. We also deal with the main character scenes that talk to her mother and her father (Lloyd Kaufman! The only other wonderful part of the film!) About abortion or something. Uh. Yes ... this is not a movie "very bad, it's good", it's just a BAD. <br /> <br /> Someone compared this to Troma, but ... you know, most of the movies that come from Full Moon (or its section, as this film proves) are terrible. It's not terrible in the sense of Troma - I've seen many Troma movies, and I can honestly say they all offer something, anything you can walk with and tell your friends about it later. However, this film does not have anything fun at all. Beware.
