Kills a murderer wearing a white plastic mask and a black mask. Friends of Hollywood producer Sean Panning (Danny Walsk) who inherited his post when someone opened his former employer from the crotch to the box. The psychiatrist may have been recently appointed Maddy (Dabbie Rochon), an attractive black-haired beauty with a troubled family past, suffering from nightmares. Sean and his friends play a practical joke on Maddy, with regard to the supposed killing club they started with each member randomly choosing a victim of murder. When Madi killed a woman in a parking garage by mistake because of a bow placed in her car by this person, she found that Shawn's colleagues were wearing her chain. But Sean and his colleagues are concerned about the physical acceptance of the murder and think of turning it to the competent authorities. When he decides to wait for a specific decision, each member falls prey to the white psychic masked material with the suspect given the fact that she has been killed before. Or is there someone else behind these crimes? Low-budget troubled, executive by Charles Band, with unconvincing murders. Lots of on-screen breasts and the delicious Allen Nappers character, Chris may enjoy those with low expectations. The stomach killings that are opened with the bowel, neck, electric cord thrown into the frying pond include the female victim who had every day to escape, an ax buried at the back of the male victim, and above all, the couple is choked with rope during their peak For more effect, the killer uses the breaker bar in the hook hook as an additional lever to twist the cord as much as possible to pick up their necks). There are enough holes in the plot to drive a truck, such as why Madi has nightmares of murders she has not committed, how she can kill someone violently (with blood above her) and end up waking up in her bed without leaving anything in the crime scene that may be easily implicated , And how Sean can spend a lot of time, allowing her to continue working in the company despite what she told him about the murder she committed, and the continued desire to join the supposed club that does not. Did not exist. <br /> <br /> What was most disturbing to me was the film's desire to make us sympathize somehow with this female who wanted to join a club after killing someone, later declaring it an accident. The film builds up as a potential psychologist throughout her past. Her family caused her because of abortion. It has blackout and always disappears in scenes of crimes after they occur. In many pieces, the most likely killer is the red herring, but this movie goes out of the way to direct your finger to Maddy. When torsion occurs, we leave a physical rooting, but we know that it is not in her head. It's a tough sale to take care of this chick. She looks fantastic in a man's army shirt, though. Rochon is also not afraid to leave her puppy breathing too. Low-budget horror fans will see Brink Stevens, the favorite of worship as a religious fanatic who preaches what he has done, calling her a murderer as a beloved producer of Truma. Lloyd Kaufman is the father who can not beat a word. It is wise to protect a daughter who really cares about her. Julie Serene has a small veil, and shows her nipples (of course) as the girlfriend of a deadly girl while opening her head with a hammer. Oh, check out Shawn's office, you'll see lots of Full Moon posters and artwork on the walls.
