One of the most common entries in the class "goofs" is anachronistic. Although I began to think that anachronism and other lapses more acceptable, even ignored, in very good films, but found in the foreground and the center in the corrupt films. KISS THEM FOR ME is a corrupt film and anachronistic shields, but when I watch it closely, I found almost nothing. <br /> <br /> The footage of the planes that booked the film is certainly misplaced. It seems that the transfer of the big engine 4 that was seen after the title "Honolulu 1944" is the C-97 Stratofreighter after the war (MATS colors). The fighter planes that were seen taking off from the transport company in the end are Douglas Skywards, who entered the service after the Second World War and was famous for serving in Vietnam. <br /> <br /> But except for these two pieces of the film and, of course, hairstyles, everything else is probably a very real period. It's just a "feeling" so wrong. I am a fan of Stanley Donen, and we share the same Christmas. In his company directed ON THE TOWN (1949) there is a car chase in the end with the 1949/50 Ford Police Command so far there is no inferior feeling that this is out of place in the WWII film. In fact, as reflected later, there is nothing to say that it is supposed to be a film about World War II. It just feels that way. Based on FWI's Broadway musical, Fancy Free, which may have been based on the works of Paul Cadmus (The Fleet's In! 1934), a wonderful 24-hour film about the sailors in New York, With wartime associations, just the assumption that they occur during the war, however, these contemporary cars do nothing to break the spell. <br /> <br /> The first problem is the old Cary Grant. Although very old as a Navy submarine pilot, it is a Hollywood tradition for stars such as Grant, Gary Cooper (Lou Geirig) and Jimmy Stewart (Charles Lindberg) to help young people. This was the role he failed, not his age. He plays the operator, as they used to contact them. The man who accomplishes things and violates all the rules while doing so remains admired and loved by him. con man. Wheel Wheeler. Personality de rigueur in comedy service. Grant is the comic center of what is supposed to be a comedy service that runs counter to his comedic style. <br /> <br /> Thinking again about Grant's great comics such as BRINGING UP BABY (1938) or ARSENIC AND OLD LACE (1944), the great reactor that will cut comedy because of its context from dignity to a pool full of idle generation. In kiss them, the spark plug is expected to be comedic that is not his. People have already been exposed to this genre, and more recently to the comic movie Silvers like Sgt. Belko on TV. James Garner will play the role later, but from here Grant is not funny and seems to be drifting his way strongly by pushing Carrie Grantens instead of thumb and thumb. <br /> <br /> But the thing that really stinks place with an anachronism is the leading woman. There can be no more than fifty women from Susie Parker and Jane Mansfield. It is unique to this decade. Marilyn Monroe could be put in a connected series with Carol Lombard and Mary Wilson and any number of dumb blondes, and Grace Kelly was another high-class lady (thought of Marie Astor), but there was not a woman anatomically exaggerated in movies like Mansfield. Sure, there are "girl-wrestlers" (like Lana Turner) in World War II, but Mansfield was extending this point. Suzy Parker was the model that revolutionized the world of mannequins, changing the model as if she were the first natural girl to move and her personality was captured by the camera (see FUNNY FACE (1957) by Stanley Donin). <br /> <br /> Of course, in the high fifties style, there seems to be a lot of gender mixing in "barbaric" concerts but never hinted at sex (think of the 1950s TV programs with bachelor's degrees from The Father or The Bob Cummings Show where the men dressed in dinner came back from "dates" alone). The original book, which I did not read, was published during the war and appeared as a play on Broadway at the end of the war. The nuances of the situation must be unavoidable for modern readers and the contemporary audience, but they have been dismantled and divided. Rebuilt 10 years later and badly used, remains a disgrace to other typical occupations until the invention of VCR and cable television revived this fossilized turkey. <br /> <br /> So the lesson here is no matter what the "idiot" will be ignored in a wonderful movie like CITIZEN KANE (who hears Charles Foster Kane actually say "Rosebud"?), and tolerates the fun of disposing like WESTWORLD Give robots live ammunition in the first place?) Despises a corrupt film, even if the idiot really does not exist.
