In the dubious comedy context of Mile Brooks, "Totally Moses!" Trying to take the Bible story of Moses and make fun of it, resulting in an unusual parody of the Gospel filmed by Dudley Moore and Lars Newman touring the bus in the Holy Land, stumbling through the ancient scroll in a cave. There they read the story of Herschel and Zerilda, as Moore and Newman played. The life of Herschel is parallel to Moses. He was sent down the river to be found by the pharaoh family at the same time as Moses. Herschel's father, the late James Coco, became a slave to Herschel after Herschel was saved by idolaters and works as sculptors. Eventually, Herschel came to work for Pharaoh as Kafali, and denied, and ended up taking care of the flock of Moses from the sheep. Herschel and Moses are brothers in law, marrying sisters, and Herschel believes that God chose him to liberate his people in Egypt. Of course, Moses received the divine word, but Herschel misunderstood. I'll stop here to laugh hysterically ... Pause ... Anyway, the rest of the film is a series of badly written scenes involving Moore and the actors who perform "special appearances." These scenes do not drive the plot forward, they bring the small story there to a halt. <br /> <br /> Jack Gilford plays a tailor. Dom Dwayes has three lines when Herschel meets in the desert. John Houseman is the Archangel, just giving the same readings he made in "The Paper Chase". David L. Lander is a blind blind man "healed" by Herschel. Andrea Martin is one of the sisters of Zerelda. I was not sure about the person who was supposed to be Madeleine was, she is making a trip to Herschel, and she has about a minute and a half of screen time. John Ritter plays a very wrong demon. Richard Pryor has one scene like the pharaoh, but it is clear that he was filmed at a different time from Moore's scene because the two do not appear on the screen together! In the end, Zerelda turns into a column of salt after looking back on the destruction of New Sodom, ha ha. Herschel writes the Ten Commandments, and gives them to Moses, who enjoys all glory. In the final scenes, the screenwriter decides to try to rescue this shallow film by making Herschel feed God in an argument. God begins as the powerful bully that led Herschel to his own amusement, and to speak only to give him the Ten Commandments. We even have Zerelda quip "God works in mysterious ways", which justifies the behavior of all non-Christians during the film. <br /> <br /> This movie is not funny. There is a naughty laugh that can be found anywhere. At least Monty Python ridiculed many of the main religious pillars of Bryan's Life as well as their dubious outlook on Jesus' life, but the humor here consisted of feces and feces and heads constantly raising their heads. This makes Mel Brooks look like a trader / ivory. The church's followers will be insulted, not because of the film's position on religion, but because of the filth of the film, admiring their own beauty (I know, not a word) about a subject they know nothing about. "Totally Moses!" Is quite bad, embarrassing all involved. I suggest you read the book instead. <br /> <br /> This PG has been classified for some physical violence, abusive language, sexual references and adult situations.
