What a complete piece of garbage. However, when the film revolves around airplanes, you think that the writers / producers / director (or anyone!) Will do little homework at least some details. The mistakes were so stark that I was smoking at the end of the film. These are just a few examples: I'm glad I missed the SR-71 sequence - it certainly was worse than the "Air Force One" scene F-117. Commercial airlines usually have their logos painted on the plane rather than the Boeing 747? Most likely use (cheap) for some advertising footage from Boeing by the manager. Exposed wires connected by wired nuts are modest at best for home wires, and much less than millions of dollars of avionics for aircraft. Aircraft such as the 747 rely on pressure on their own rather than supply oxygen to keep the air breathable, and if they depend on the supply on board, the box will be much larger than the size of the grip. The medical tape is not a suitable alternative to connecting threaded hose. These were F-16s, not F-15s. It will be difficult to access the Mach + 1 (speed of sound) on a stationary drive that works to boot (see the speedometer). The "normative configuration" is simply maintaining the configuration within a single nautical mile, forming a "path" is what they fly - not the most useful configuration to intercept. "Get the rocket lock" is not likely to receive the attention of an airline pilot - they have no radar detection or countermeasures. "Wait for the signal" is not a call between flights to prepare to launch anything. The lower pressure of the door aperture in the flight is not a reason for sharp sharp left bank. Screaming in the headset does not make it transmit. Magnetic headings are given as "headings" rather than "bearings", and titles range from 100 to 360 degrees (compasses in the air resemble a compass on the ground!), So the turn left (not "port" ??) from "carry" from 618 to 502 Is just stupid. In most cases it is only impossible to "turn the light left until the correct address is reached" ?? This kind of thing will result in 360 degree rolls until the light is back. The possibility of a flight attendant looking for autopilot and sharing it successfully is slightly greater than the possibility of actually landing by plane safely. The aircraft do not stop immediately when rear brakes are pulled, and the 747s have more than one small arm to control the power of multiple motors. The panels are usually reduced in increments before extending the landing gear directly and immediately after, not seconds before landing (a good way to collapse). The brakes are required to stop the plane, just pull the throttle (this time a different lever in the film) to idle, allowing you to just exit the runway end at a slower speed. Did you mention that these fighter planes were F-16s and not F-15s? I think I did? This is what I remember from watching this horrible film recently.
