French director Jean Raulin is not known for great films, and this confusing chaos is one of the reasons. One of the most confusing things about this production is the title. A famous director directed by sexy films about lesbian vampires; expecting a film with the word "naked" in the title to be a bare chested film; but in fact, there is not much nudity here at all. Instead of erotic lesbian vampires with no clothes on. We have a cumbersome plot about a man who wants to unlock the mystery of immortality, a young woman who may endure her key pain and commit suicide that can not do much. The film begins in a promising way in a sequence that sees a little girl carrying a mysterious group of people in masks under the watchful eye of a young French man, who happens to be the son of an important man. Through his investigation, he soon discovered that this woman was not just an ordinary lady, that he was going deeper into worship; he found out that he could not be shot dead, drank blood and could not get out in broad daylight ... looks like a clear case of vampires to me. <br /> <br /> Jean Raulin keeps the fantasy atmosphere all over the film, but it fails to be interesting because the plot was very badly executed. It is possible to keep up with what is happening, but only because there are many other films that follow similar plots to this film. The director seems to know that he spoiled planning, because the peak is basically an excuse to explain the film to the public. There is a twist in the end too; but the film would have been better without it. I think this was Jean Rowlin's attempt to be a bit original, but it is an attempt by the fist of the pig rather than a logical continuation of the story. The cinematography is fairly neat, with much of the plot taking place in appropriately gothic locations. The girls complete what a beautiful picture is, and what Rollin lacks in logic and consistency, it makes up fairly elegantly. In defense of the film, was made in 1969; which explains to some extent the lack of shocks but I can not recommend this film because it does not contain much to deserve attention.
