This review may contain some spoilers. <br /> <br /> Just when you think they have not made it so bad anymore, Rae Dawn Chong comes as a creature in space and Willie Nelson as an original American wizard! It's even worse when you think these are the best aspects of "Starlight," a movie you should watch only for laughter. <br /> <br /> Chung an alien sent to Earth to find the only remaining half-dynasty, part man and strange part. Apparently, the earth is in a deplorable state. There is something wrong with human genetics, and within a few decades the world will turn into a barren, polluted land. Only by repeating the DNA of the first half can odd sex gently save the planet. Do not ask me how it is, because the film gives the impression that the world will be destroyed by pollution, caused by humans. You think the earth can only be saved by getting rid of polluted creatures, not saving them! However, it turns out that half of the breed is Billy Wirth, a man who lives in a small town in the southwest and is part of Native Americans from his mother's line, despite the fact that his mother is a redheaded Caucasian and his grandfather is Willy Nelson. Was not this the kind of malarkey bomb that Carmen Electra made a bomb `choosen 'like this howl? Chung arrives at her ship while sinking and inheriting after he drove his motorcycle into a lake in a fit of recklessness as a result of a break with his girlfriend. Before she can pronounce the word "hogwash", Chung discovers Wirth, who is not surprised for a moment, and spreads it to the Wirth family. Chung also make friends with the mother of Wirth, who seems to have lost some of her marble over the years. Well, this is because Wirth's father was a foreigner who left her. Of course, he is the standard alien rogue who chose this moment appropriately to come to earth in order to inherit and be able to use DNA and inherit to make the people of the earth his slaves. (Huh?) His ridiculous attempts to use his inner powers to capture Wirth and suck most of the screen time, the worst scenes in the film. It is not only boring, it is the scenes you will discover more than others. <br /> <br /> Thoughts may be nice on paper, but they are treated here with the most stupidity, especially in the above scenes with an alien rogue. But the effects are the curse of the film. The opening scene includes Chong on her own spaceship, communicating with her boss, someone we do not see but Chong communicates through a VAT that emits a pink light. They do not use any spoken words, but telepathy, so we are treated in translation. The problem is that both Chung and her boss's headings look alike, and the director does not give any indication that either of them is actually "speaking" at any given moment, making the whole conversation just a jargon. The space ship is the worst effect coming out of Hollywood in this aspect of Ed Wood's film. Now, I'm usually lenient in the effects when dealing with a low-budget movie like this, but these effects really got me. The most offensive was the most simple: the fake night sky. The stars in the sky are so fake that they almost start out from the tone of contact. Most notably the moments in which Chong tells people that they come from Pleiades, and we get a shot of the seven stars. The important thing is that the seven stars occupy about half of the night sky in the film, but any star observer knows that Pleiades is an astral block between the Perseus and Taurus planets, and that the mass does not occupy much space in the sky at all. These effects become so poor that the decomposition hangs less and less with every passing moment. Be careful, because it will extend through the floor during the end when Willie Nelson's effects turn into human lights. . . Oh, you have to believe it! <br /> <br /> Starlight, a bright star; the last star I see tonight; I wish, please, I wish; it is not necessary to see any of this trash today. <br /> <br /> Zantara result: 1 out of 10.
