I realize that presenting a novel to the big screen is always a problem. This is the only positive thing I can say about this truly appalling amendment. <br /> <br /> Have you read "Wise Blood?" It is a wonderful book. Flanery O'Connor wrote about the South as no one did. She was a Southern, religious Catholic, and a remarkably gifted writer. In her first novel, a dark and deeply disturbing tale of faith, doubt, and salvation was woven into a terrifying sense of humor and astonishing equality. The characters in the book may look disgusting to those who have not lived in the southern rural areas, but I can assure you that such people are there. It is not only there, but human beings with families, feelings and interests like everyone else. It is often misunderstood that Flannery's intentions - which she did not make fun of these fanatics in the backyard - saw in them the beautiful process of what she would call "grace" ... even in the most violent, frustrating and frustrating circumstances. To read "bloody judgment" must be washed with a sense of panic and impending beast. Finally, we must think long and hard about our judgments and preconceptions - our view of the whole world. <br /> <br /> None of this has been achieved in the adaptation of Gilligan Island, which resembles John Heston. nothing. It is a farce. A bad farce. The entire film is satiated with the hauteur which converts the stomach. The representation is weak, and the southern dialects are false and degrading. The filmmakers do not show an idea of ​​the thinking of religious southerners. Ms. O'Connor's scattering is severely reduced to the scene of gags and amateur theater cheap. The soundtrack is a mix of hayseed and cheesball-like electronics 'Clockwork Orange' that does not fit the story or even the MOVIE movie. I got a free admission in this film and went out almost. Really, really terrible. <br /> <br /> aside, I do not agree with Mrs. O'Connor's religious views, and while I was raised deep in the South, years ago my way north and never looked back. But the south is a beautiful place full of enchanting individuals (like anywhere else on earth), and the caricature of the southerners and the attitudes of the southerners and their attitudes in this film on the border of the attack. If you feel insulted (not me), this film certainly crosses the line. <br /> <br /> I do not like to talk about the folly of an artist's work - John Houston was a man I did not know, and I'm sure he was a loyal and talented director, attested by his respectable place in the history of cinema. My views were obviously perverted by reading (and loving) the work of O'Connor Flannery. So I do not pretend to be coming from any other perspective. Perhaps as an independent film working for Sinvelis. But for fans of O'Connor Flannery - and added, for southerners who respect themselves and individuals of all tapes - this movie is a waste of time.
