The film is steeped in religion, so it is impossible to separate it from religion in commenting on it. In my opinion, this film claims to explore deep issues, but it flourishes in stereotypes and prejudices; with little real insight. What people fail in the film (and thus the writer) in his vision is grace. They failed to understand that God is the author of beauty and that he is the creator of passion and sexual gratification in the proper context of marriage bonds. It implies that the members of the society on which the story is based believe that nudity is wrong, and that the man and woman who enjoy the marriage are bad, is merely an oversimplification. These stereotypes do not really exist, because even holy Jewish writings speak clearly about a caring husband who will please his wife before his wish. The Bible says that a man must love his wife as his body, and that he has never hated his flesh, but he feeds and cherishes him. Even if you want to ignore the New Testament, the writers and characters completely ignore the fact that there are passages such as Solomon's Song in the Old Testament, and even the Book of Proverbs, which says: "Rejoice in your youthful wife, let her breasts always please you!" How can this be read in any other way than God knows, agrees, and smiles, about marital marriage and enjoyment? Real men do not ignore the value and needs of their wives. Those that deny the teachings of the Jewish / Christian religion. God never said those things. This is ridiculous. Sonia rebelled over the misapplication of the true teachings of God to Abraham. You do not need to be. How sad this is. What Sonia desperately needs is truth, not tradition. In knowing, loving and obeying God, we love others more; before ourselves this is the faith of Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and Joseph. Once all delivered to the saints. He bought and paid for it by Jesus Christ, the righteous. But well, ignore all this and get rid of the old Bible and go to the wisdom of the homeless and the ghosts. This is a good plan. I never recommend this film; partly because sexual content is an unnecessary sketch, but also because it does not offer any valuable insight. Check out "Yentl" if you want to see a more useful treatment of Jewish tradition at odds with the community.
