I am very scared of this documentary. I am very embarrassed and embarrassed by the way the Puerto Ricans were portrayed. This documentary was not about the culture of the Puerto Ricans. It was about Nuyoricans culture. Puertoricans and Nuyoricans are two different cultures. Cultures are very different and must not be circulated to Puerto Ricans. Rosie, before you make a documentary, you have to do research. You also need to check and verify your credibility. The Puerto Ricans are not all noisy and have a class, which is one thing that the documentary lacks to show. When I saw Rosie and Jimmy on the scene and Rosie on Martha Stewart I was very excited to watch. I even wanted to tell my family because they love Puerto Rico a lot. After the first five minutes, I could not believe how the documentary documented the United States and made the Puerto Ricans look like a handful of Guinea pigs. You need to go and visit Puerto Rico and you will notice that Puerto Rico is not a third world country where more than 50% of the population lives in poverty. Puerto Rico has known colleges and universities, roads, cars, shopping centers, shopping centers (the largest Kmart and JCPenney's have ever seen), restaurants, theaters, beaches, hotels (Ritz, Hilton, etc.), Casinos, churches, agriculture, Auto Expresso , Restaurants to name a few. Poverty? Not 50% of the population. The culture of Puerto Rico revolves around family, music, food, celebration, and an attempt to move forward rather than backward. Oh, and the new cousins ​​do not just pop up. This is not something Puerto Rican, it is a Jewish thing. We are not villains. Parents of Puerto Rican descent who wish to teach their children about Puerto Rico must invest in a trip with the family so that they can see what Puerto Rico is about. They will see its beauty, its people and its culture. Please do not show them this documentary because it will only bother their minds negatively. Oh, please do not tell your American friends to watch this documentary because it will make the Puerto Rican people not only ignorant. <br /> <br /> Yes, I was born and raised in Puerto Rico from the island. As you know!
