You have to respect this movie. It may be "just a stupid baby film" but the first title most requested in online film forums, which was asked by people who remember the story but can not remember the title. Thus, the following is a detailed description of the order is absolutely necessary, since I could not find such a description anywhere else on the Internet. <br /> <br /> A typical two-story house is located in the suburbs. Troy Bridget, 7, is suspected of having something, as she and her 11-year-old brother Andrew receive gifts from their parents for no apparent reason. Bridget's present is a stuffed penguin named immediately Sweet William. Bridget describes her relatives: Aunt Ruth, a modest nurse interested in novelty, Grams the hugging grandmother who makes dolls from socks, and her brother Andrew, who is in the electronics business and is angry. Grams inadvertently stopped by the first lieutenant, suggesting that she was going on the road with living with the family. The two children eat breakfast while adults discuss the transfer of Gram to the retirement home. Bridget creates a fantastic pancake sandwich that contains grains, eggs, bacon, strawberries and drink, and Andrew looks incredibly. Then the two children discuss Gram, and Andrew says frankly that his love "was nurtured." Bridget talks with Grams in the attic, a tea party with William Sweet in her bedroom, and then an unexpected live doll emerges from the mirror of her bedroom wardrobe. <br /> <br /> You know Bridget and the live doll. The female doll with curly hair is called Hughes and lives in Hogaland. Bridget gives Higgins a baseball cap from Andrew's room. Huggins hides under some washing when Bridget's mother comes, and then the mother drops the washing machine in the washing machine with the Huggins. Brigitte rescues Higgins and drains her with a hairdryer. They discuss the problem with Gram getting old and having to move away, Hughes says Bridget can talk to Dr Hegland, because he knows everything. They move through the mirror to visit Huggaland, but one of the tennis shoes at Bridget is brought in the mirror. <br /> <br /> Instead of walking around in one shoe, Bridget is singing without shoes in Huggaland. They meet immediately with Hugsy, a curly-haired boy in Huggaland. Huggins gives Hugsy a baseball cap. They also meet with Tickles, Bubbles, Impkins and Tweaker, and all the puppets sing a song while sitting on the bridge. Hughes Bridget and Huggies take his own stroller to see the rudder that lives on a collection of giant books. The old encyclopedia is consulted and finds that aging can be treated by eating the fruit of a "small tree". However, there is only one tree, which is in the country of Shrugs, governed by the crazy queen of quartz. The only way to travel to Shrugs is to jump into a deep hole that is located inside a giant nearby book. <br /> <br /> Bridget and the dolls walk three times, jump into the pit and land. They quickly walk on the side pavement, hear a sea break the glass, and fall on the pavement when the lateral gravity ends. They face the "hairy giant", who is like a stockman, has four canines, and breathes fire from his box. But Hugsy boldly goes and hugs the giant, who then turns into a baby elephant named Hodgepodge. The Hodgepodge was under the influence of the queen, owed by Hugsy, so they all ride on the back of the Hodgepodge to the castle. They enter the castle, surrounded by dwarf-like beings, come Queen (Queen Ademira), and ask Bridget for a few young people. The Queen refuses, then eats one for herself, and boasts of her beautiful young appearance while looking at the hand mirror. Hoodgodge is afraid when the Queen says he must "digest." The Queen is upset when Bridget remembers that the evil witches must contain warts, so Queen Bridget is free and asks the other three to be transferred to a cell. But the queen leaves carelessly the key to the small tree's dome next to the lock to the dome lift. <br /> <br /> Hodgepodge wakes up in the dungeon and uses the "noodle" (trunk) to pull the prison door down and thus free himself and dummies with him. They found that Brigitte stands petrified, hugging the dolls, causing Bridget's revival. Before they flee, Bridget finds the back key of the tree tree dome, lifts the dome, picks some glowing young trees and puts them in a jar. The Queen catches them, but the Queen's arm is trapped under the descending dome as she reaches the key left by Bridget on the floor. The queen suddenly turns to age because she is deprived of berries that gives young people, and they seem to die. Bridget quickly returned through the mirror to her bedroom, but she wandered down the mirror, the berries poured on her land, and the berries quickly disappeared into smoke, one by one. Her mother invites her and Andrew to bid farewell to Grams, who will leave for retirement. Andrew gives up his usual angry face and hugs the fines, telling her he loves her and he does not want her to go away. Their father was moved and decided to keep Gram there after all, and everyone hugged and yelled, including Aunt Ruthie, who was the main person who pressed Grams out. <br /> <br /> Andrew asks Bridget to ask him - the cover of Louis Cardinals, Bridget began to explain how she presented to Higgins of Higgaland, but Andrew does not want to listen to what is believed to be her fairy tales, so turn around to look for her in a room Sleeping. One of the dolls secretly lifts the lid through the mirror to Bridget, Bridget puts the lid on Andrew's head, Andrew is puzzling, and leaves her bedroom without saying anything. Bridget waves in the mirror.
