Believe it or not, "The Woodchipper Massacre" gave me full gonorrhea! That's right, I've got a rainbow discharge dumped me just for a bunch of kids gone playing around with a video camera and somehow making a deal with the devil and getting the distribution. It's beyond my grasp to understand how anyone with moderate intelligence can afford this pregnancy pant for the film. The only reason I was able to sit through everything (not without several suicide attempts along the way) was because, well first, I was delirious with boredom, and second - I thought I wanted to continue exploring this newly discovered kind of hate you suffered ... This movie is "shot the video" horror / comedian "about the three brothers who left for the weekend in the care of their rude old aunt. To chop the aunt with different tools (apparently they do not have one drop of blood in the gos Dha!) And breathes her into the wooden twigs rented by their father ... her son is then sentenced to stop during the search for his mother and the children end up grinding that ass too ... I do not recall ever seeing the annoying representatives that actually caused me nausea Seriously, the sound that the blond chick was one of me was writhing from the pain down.All of the actors were horribly honest - literally just screaming the false sounding dialogue and cracking jokes that you must have written by the monkeys that just did not care! Now, I can We usually appreciate independent efforts, but only those who can realize that others from their relatives can watch this! I need to see a 3-minute shot from a car pulling out of a road drive and a twisted, long painful garden montage grooming with some ridiculous, fluttery music playing over it. In addition, why the hell does the box of this film have a bloody piano on it ?! There was a piano in one scene and no one was killed near it! I am through with nostalgia for this film. Unless you love the unbearable crap, I would advise anyone with a mind to avoid this garbage.
