I had high hopes when I heard that he was brought back in 2001 because I read "The Devil and Daniel Webster" when I was a kid and found it very enjoyable. They made some changes to the story that made no sense to me. Daniel Webster in the story was a famous lawyer from New Hampshire in the story. In the film is an editor. The lawyer is more logical because he ended up acting to portray Gapes Stone against Satan himself (he was a man in the story, but he was a woman in the film) in a trial where both their lives were at stake. As an editor, Daniel Webster does not seem to have the skill to do so. <br /> <br /> Acting by everyone except for Alec Baldwin and Dan Eckroyd. These are two actors I love, they did a terrible job in this film. It was as if they thought they were acting in a comedy, but the film was more dangerous than being a comedy. This may in part be due to the fact that the film was shot with a certain vision in mind, and then re-edited by someone else. Given this fact, it was amazing that it was coherent at all. I was surprised to see a good number of SNL team members in the film, which led me to believe that it was originally filmed with the intention of being more than a comedy. <br /> <br /> All in all I would say it was not too bad, but it was not good. If I managed to get an hour and a half back and did something else with her, I would. The end was particularly disappointing. As in the original story, Daniel Webster defeats the devil in the trial. Jabez will start again at the beginning of the film ... literally, we've just returned to the first scene with Jabez, and then the movie ends abruptly. In fact, it was as if they had seen the first scene of Gabbas and described it as the end. There is no indication that Gabes has any benefit from the knowledge or experience he has gained, so who says he has not repeated his mistakes again, and perhaps again and again in an endless loop? It was a very disappointing ending that did not make much sense. The playful actors, and the representation of everyone except Baldwin and Aykroyd are the only things that prevent this from being a full and complete crap sandwich.
