Was this a comedy or a drama? I start this review by asking this question because the movie I just saw, Hollywood Shuffle, was not funny or dramatic enough. Although he tried hard to make a point of view, because of this lack of definition (comedy or drama), I lost the smart themes and pointed notes. While I strongly believe that there is a lot of racial profiling in Hollywood, to this day, I do not think the first appearance of Townsend has done much to stop it. Instead, I feel that he just added more fuel to the fire. The timing of the comic Townsend in this film was disastrous due to the fact that the elements he was supposed to make fun of were, instead, promoted and vice versa. The parts that were supposed to be dangerous were destroyed in one way or another because of the poor lack of funny comedies. Townsend had a good concept with this film, but unfortunately, it was the execution that ultimately hurt this film. If you see the preview before the movie (which I do continuously), you'll immediately get the wrong impression of what you'll see. The preview gives an impression of a very intelligent comic film that boasts the intelligence of the audience, but the actual film can not be further from the truth. <br /> <br /> The main problem in the Hollywood Shuffle is not the story itself (because it lacks details); this is the Townsend trend. He had a wonderful concept with this film. Exploit Hollywood that exploits our race. A decent idea, but why did not he do it well? The first reason is that his thoughts are very random and intermittent. The structure of this film was like watching a heart attack on a screen in the hospital, we literally everywhere without any warning or map. It was obvious that the Townsend had a lot to say, but only for a short period of time to do so. So, instead of identifying his characters, developing his themes, and creating a really intelligent movie, he threw them all together and prayed that he was working. Unfortunately no. Instead of smart comedy, we have a wide range of comedic ideas and plays and actors who are not sufficiently exploited to move this film from decent to almost impossible. What hurts Townsend more than that is his short attempt, to be funny, and interruptions throughout the film. From fighting the villain known as Jerry Curl to Siskel & Ebert's parody, Townsend's attempt to entertain while talking about the film industry falters. This is because these sporadic small plays effectively distract from the central focus of the film and destroy it internally. While Townsend is trying to joke about life in Hollywood, it actually relates to every stereotype and cliché in the book. What could have been a beautiful satire turns into a general humor that simply never stands apart from the rest. <br /> <br /> So, if you find yourself not laughing at the humor of this story, then there may be some comfort in knowing that some Wayans brothers are there to help spice up this boring story. Error! The Wayans is found in this film, but Townsend demonstrates that he is capable of achieving the worst in this entertaining family. Certainly in the moments before In Living Color, we see comedy as something that everyone needs to constantly improve. Perhaps it was the direction of Townsend, or perhaps this terrible story, but it is clear that these comic comedians were less used and ignored when it comes to critics of this film. I thought that with the talent that Townsend had to pull out of Hollywood Shaville, it could have been funny and bright and a real sting in this obvious dilemma in Hollywood. Unfortunately, none of the above. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would like to say that this is a practical film. There were some moments (though they were few and far apart) she had a smile on my face, and the final product did not settle well with me. The Townsend application may be funny, but in this film it seems like playing against himself, rather than his experience and personal problems. I realize he may have been talking about the truth, but it has not been achieved that way. Instead, we are interwoven through a weak story, supporting itself with stupid Flash footage that may have worked in the sitcom, but certainly did not work in this film. Even for those who comment that this was his first appearance for the director and that he learns from this film, I have to disagree. If you start over, you have a specific script or themes. Townsend did not have any of these things, coupled with the inability to control his actresses, and just failed in a ball of fire. <br /> <br /> Overall, this was a disappointment to see. That reminded me of Spelling Bee Elementary School where it's time for your child to spell. The word is tough, but with the first two or three characters, you think it will work out, but then there's the random "P" word that makes you thrill to get off. That's how I felt with Hollywood shaved. At first, I saw the potential, I saw the subject and the motive behind the picture, but through a mysterious and inexperienced technique and after the first scenes, I suffered from this feeling of deep fall. Townsend drowned his own ship on this, and I do not think the Hollywood Shuffle will return to immersion as a pivotal moment in Hollywood cinema. <br /> <br /> Class: * From *****
