After a predictable open dynamic scene, "Set It Off" falls directly into the bottom and continues to fall. This is a film that deals with ugly stereotypes rather than characters and obnoxious manipulations rather than coherent conspiracy and a nasty mix of emotional and violent emotions rather than thinking, intelligence or feeling. In short, this is not different from 90% of the Hollywood product. But it is the racist angle that makes "Set It Off" a particularly sad example of contemporary filmmaking. The film is a tribute to Sistahud, a celebration of forms of distortion of the stereotype of African America. The gimmick this time is that the gangsters are dressed in clouds. The film not only indicates that gangs are the virtual identity of all African Americans who suffer from financial distress or are annoyed by men, but also offers Sestas as a shallow material that earns money and shakes above everything else. Worse yet, "Set It Off" exploits racial discrimination and its disadvantages simply as a tool to support the weak conspiracy structure. Serious social issues related to race are dealt with in a competing and opportunistic way to justify armed robbery and then be discarded once the film produces the traditional end of the crime. LAPD turns out to be a handful of liberals interested in guilt (tell Rudney King) "The ambition, Jada Pinkett Smith, follows the upward movement of the" cover "into a world of self-indulgence of the middle class opened to her by her boyfriend Bobby Bank. "Set It Off" illustrates the poor state of the contemporary exploitation film, which highlights the stereotypes of reckless gangs and pretends to celebrate life in the hood while despising it all the time, while the likes of Shaft and Super Fly in the 1970s may They have had freshness, energy and innocence that have struck a chord with an audience of all races and still mocking those who watch. "Reconciliation" is not worth the feeling of anger if it is not a symptom of the tragic decline and the emergence of the American-African film industry since Early days at the beginning of the nineties at.
