Yesterday I saw the second part. I must say, it was actually better then I. At first, I realized, it's actually a sequel, not a new version but not a good one. I do not like the old movies and series for Galactica, because the cylinders were seen as toasters (as mentioned in this new film) and were completely harmless with the old galaxy. This film turns to the sides - people were not harmful, but the entire film was completely chaotic to me. Many scenes were not necessary, for example the story of "computer expert" - completely crap. If I was a screenwriter, I would let him die at his house, killed by the woman of the corpse. Evacuation of the planet? Oh, please if it is bombed by 50 megaton (why exactly 50 metric tons?), You will be killed by radiation. And how could a large fleet of cylon actually be completely hidden before the attack? Aha, perhaps this computer virus, created by a cylon - probably a script written by a ten-year-old boy at school. The good side of the film is that humans were finally defeated !! The population is truly defeated after their extinction (children die - twice express in the film: 1. A child! Maybe one month old and a girl at the age of ten at the maximum - what violence ...). I won bad donkeys and I think this is the first time in the science fiction fight movie. I also appreciate the design of the cylinders (not just the insulin cylinder: -) with good work with these ships - I love the design of ships by both - humanely. Human ships are never a good copy of old ships. The galactica - really beautiful with these sidewalks, I loved it. But that's it, just design is not enough. The representation was really bad, the entire plot was predictable (only two things - human throat on ragnardocks and human - in the end). The dialogues were trivial (and in Slovak just stupid, but this is not the fault of the film). The whole movie looked like a demo film for a series, but who would shoot the series? What will it be about? One star for design and second for near extinction of mankind.
