This movie is in a mess, but at least it is not tuna. The technical fund for video filming markets it as a "thrilling escape" of the giant error films of the 1950s. In fact, it is a transparent mixing process in the basement of the "aliens". <br /> <br /> Obviously, the producers wanted to present a "weird" image, but they should not have much money. In fact, they do not seem to have any money, really. I hope that everyone will get paid by those who worked on this thing. <br /> <br /> The basic conspiracy - a group of people isolated by lethal insect creatures - has been retained - and a site has been listed on the ground for budgetary reasons, I suppose. Instead of placing the movie in space, where no one can hear your voice, they set the movie in a hospital, where everyone can see your budget exposed. The interesting thing about "Blue Monkey" (and there is only one thing amusing about it) is that the filmmakers have not given up the aesthetics of "ALIEN". Although we are in the hospital, we still have an inadequate supplement where science fiction experiments are conducted, in this case a distinguished growth hormone device. The supplement also doubles as a boiler room (or anything), so we can get an explanation of the monster who is looking for warmth. The boiler room is so large that it is fitted with multi-level steel hoops, making it ideal for allowing dripboard between slides. <br /> <br /> The idea is that the man working in the greenhouse is attacked by a flower hanging from a rare imported plant growing in a strange place. He touches it and says "king", so we know he has been injured. His finger causes his unconsciousness to be lost within minutes, and in the hospital he gives birth to a white worm through his mouth (I think in a "strange" form called "mouth mouth"). The worm is isolated, but some young children who are leukemia infiltrate it and accidentally give it some experimental growth hormone. You know everyone is in trouble when some workers in the adultery hospital are attacked by a camera on a crane, and soon the maintenance man finds some mandatory cocoons, before being caught by a pair of semi-disguised weapons. The semi-outer monster controls the rest of the film, obscuring the semi-mysterious darkness. <br /> <br /> What brings us back to "Alien." How can you ask, can a hospital film include all those bright lights that are always in "ALIEN" movies? No problem ... A power outage (or anything) leads to a breakdown of the electrical system, apparently leading to the boom of strobe lights in every room in the hospital and flashing constantly throughout the film. This is doubling as a comfortable mantle for the least influences of the special (although the bugs look beautiful, they do not move well, and the insect looks like a witch looks like a Cootie toy). <br /> <br /> Well, then what are the "alien" rules that we did not cover ... oh water dripping down the walls! Check ... We'll split the huge hospital into two parts, then send some characters through the wet wet basement to get to the other side. Solve the problem, we now have the opportunity for many "front tunnel" shots. And do not forget the fog ... well, you will never need an excuse for that in horror movies, right? Well, maybe inside the hospital you're doing, so we'll create smoke by igniting a lot of things and burning them. <br /> <br /> I did not say anything about acting that is not mentioned, and not giving representatives any kind of script to follow. I think the Blue Monkey was supposed to be comfortable and enjoyable, and if so, this is a wonderful attempt, but the pieces do not gather, and the film ends up in a real draw. Watch a movie entitled "Alien Return: Deadly Hatching" if you want to watch a movie of this kind correct it, with less money and even more marginal talent in acting. This one falls on the alien.
