* McCabe and Mrs. Miller * conducted in the Pacific Northwest at the turn of the century. In the muddy muddy mining camp John McCabe (a reckless Warren Betty) comes brilliantly, full of cigar smoke and great ideas about building a salon / house worthy of the city, filled with three of the most dangerous movie date prostitutes. He also enjoys an unaligned reputation as a weapon for soldiers: it is very shameful to say so blatantly, but he is not entirely afraid to use it to confirm alpha-male credentials among the local population. So he fights with the boys to build his salon at a rate of 15 cents an hour. <br /> <br /> It seems that this process will be somewhat unfortunate until Mrs. Miller (Julie Christie) shows up in an amazing instinct a half-wheeled car, half a car (where did Altman find this thing?). Ms. Miller immediately takes on Maccabi as a business partner, with the aim of classifying the newcomer with the appropriate whores and insisting that all visitors bathe before entering. Noting that Maccabi does not know how to add, it also insists on dealing with accounts. It is not clear what Maccabi's job will be. <br /> <br /> The plot is thickened when two olive oil representatives from the city's mining company show up and offer Maccabi to buy it for a larger five. Maccabee tells them to set off - he has lasted for fifteen thousand. The company finds that negotiation is annoying, so they employ three killers simply to kill Maccabi. . . Although the way they think they can escape from the murder of a man in broad daylight in the city center is not as clear as the job of makabee in the partnership of a bitch. (Excuse the hole of this huge hole on the grounds that the locals will be talking, do not cut mustard when one considers that any financial reward offered by the local marshal will be very tempting.) * That they are "classic 1970s cinema", much better than it is now. The film tells a good story. The main characters have the ability to be interesting. There are some amazing scenes, especially the scenes that look like a 14-year-old cold killer. But it's really hard to enjoy a movie when you can not hear what almost anyone is saying and when you can not see what anyone is doing. Once again, this director grabs his own film with the absolute laziness of the yard. According to the trivia found here on IMDb, the film editor may have charged Altman that the sound was muddy; When everyone said the sound was mud after the film was released, Altman blamed the editor. (Nice.) Besides the bad sound, the film has a terrible look. Only Robert Altman can hire DP World like Vilmos Zsigmond and make a film that looks like he's spraying dirty camera lenses. The reviewers here who praise the "dark brown glow" of this picture have got kidding with me. The inside is shot through what appears to be a dark scum. Exterior photography is even worse: Altman seems to have put 500 fog machines behind the many trees. During the climatic expansion, when my house evades the killers while the local church is burning, Altman insists on blocking the view entirely through a moving snow that reminds anyone of the birthday celebration of Rankin-Bass. <br /> See - I can not watch a movie under these circumstances. Refer to when you learn how to put the lever lever light, when removing all the annoying interlaced dialog "Altman-esque", when scanning the lenses using some Windex, or anything else. 3 stars out of 10
