How they got Al Pacino to play in this film is beyond me. This movie is very terrible. I have discovered, after reading some other reviews, that two people have already enjoyed this film, which is very perplexing to me, because I do not see how anyone in his right mind can enjoy a horrible film like Revolution. Not only is it a bad film, with a lame plot and a very unpleasant generality, but it seems as if the filmmakers are either mentally retarded (a very possible explanation why this film sucks as it does, although perhaps still sucked up when compared to other films that Produced by delay) or deliberately taking every illogical decision to make this film suck as much as possible. For example, we see Donald Sutherland running with a huge ugly mole on his face. He does not usually have mole. The mole does not add to his personality. It's very ugly and distracting. It's not like Robert De Niro's mole. It is much worse. Why the hell has this mole? It seems as if the filmmakers just said, "Let's see, how can we make this film worse than it is now?" "I know, let's give Mr. Sutherland a recent ugly giant on his face." Another example of the stupidity of filmmakers is personality Ned. We see, during the first three quarters of the film, the young Ned. At one point, "Six months later" appears on the screen. We see Ned again, which of course is the same actor who plays the role of the boy. Five minutes later, "Three Weeks Later" appeared on the screen, and suddenly we had a different actor playing the role of older Ned now. What, do they think we are stupid? God is good! Again, it seems as if the directors are saying, "How can we make it worse? I do not think we can ... oh wait! I had a terrible idea!" I know that the baby does not grow much during half a year, which is good, but it at least grows more than in three weeks. Do not motivate another representative to play Ned, or at least let him play five minutes when he is smaller than three weeks. Moreover, the child who plays Ned "The Great" does not seem to be bigger than Ned's "Cheb". In fact, it seems quite different, too thin, no longer or bigger than the original actor, which is very confusing, because, like any rational person, I thought at first that she was a new and different character. <br /> <br /> What did the first child die while filming? And because it was at half past one, then suddenly, three weeks later, the man from Lock Stock and Two Smoking barrel barrel Ned played in the last five minutes of the film. Even if the original actor dies, the directors must have at least a representative who seems to play the rest of his role, and shoot back the scenes five minutes from the scenes "after six months." Best of all, just cancel the entire movie, never complete it and never release it, never tell anyone, because by this stage they should have realized that their film is sucking and in its finished, they will waste more money and time and succeed in it. Made one of the worst films of all time. <br /> <br /> I'm not saying that this movie is too bad and should not be seen; it's so bad that you should see it, just to see how poorly it is absorbed. It is terrible, terrible.
