A wonderful actor as it is, Al Pacino completely hinders the revolution? The method of "representation methodology" is completely inappropriate for the role of the illiterate fisherman in the American War of Independence. Much of the blame should be attributed to director Hugh Hudson (yes, the guy who made fire vehicles just a few years ago? Talked about getting off !!). One of the director's many functions is to organize the actors and convince them to perform their certification, but in this case, Hudson allowed Pachino to run without asking for restraint of any kind. Not only does Al's low performance hinder the movie: there are many other flaws in Revolution, many of which will be said later. <br /> <br /> The illiterate fisherman Tom Dobb (Al Pacino) lives in the north eastern region of America with his son Ned (Mr. Owen / Dexter Fletcher). He lives a simple life ?? Who live on earth, raise his son, and survive against the elements. The country was colonized by British colonizers, but during a period of eight years (1775-1783) there was a revolution that ended with the defeat of the British and the birth of the independent American nation. DUB is involved in events when his boat and son are recruited by the Continental Army? Swamped by events they barely understand, the Dupes find themselves fighting for their lives and freedom in bloody clash after one another. Tom is also in love with Daisy Maconhai (Natasia Kinski), a beautiful and passionate woman of British aristocratic origin. Their forbidden love is played against the broader historical context of the fight. <br /> <br /> Where do we begin the flaws of the film? Most major actors are miscast? Pacheco had already been criticized enough, but Kinski was no better off as a dissident aristocrat, while Donald Sutherland had been hopelessly lost as a ruthless English soldier and jerky Yorkshire accent. Robert Dillon's text has been distorted in his attempts to cut huge historical events to a personal level. At no time, does anyone seem to decide whether this intimate study should be intimate with the American Revolution as a background, or an epic war movie with a handful of sharply drawn characters used to convey the story along. As a result, narration in no man's land, from the "big scene" to the "small story" is random and meaningless. John Corrigiano's degree is very shocking, and is poured on procedures without thought or precision. Hugh Hudson's direction is compromised, in both the mismanagement of Pacheco and other key actors, and in the decision to use the camera's shaky work during the sequence of events. The idea of ​​a portable camera is to create instant speed? This feeling of "presence" in the mixing battle and gun fire. Like so many other things in the movie, it does not work. The only part in which the film takes back a little respect is the details of the period, with uniforms, crews and weapons that seem to be constantly accurate. But if the details of the time period, you are interested in a trip to the museum will be a better way to spend your time, because erotic film experience does not start a revolution even in reaching the grade. Nothing more than £ 18,000,000 is a huge bomb that the troubled British film industry can not afford in the mid-1980s.
