What a great word "re imagining". Is not this what they call the dawn of the dead MMIV (2004)? It is a clever word - it hides a term that everyone has grown to hate, "remake" and make it seem as though the process of making one was creative and includes imagination. Well, damn, I was misled. At least, I was tempted by the innumerable idea of ​​violence and rampant violence more than the idea of ​​"re-imagining", even though it played a role. <br /> <br /> However, why do you make me up again? Managers do this for just a few reasons: to update a movie to a new audience, or because they love the original personally and want to honor it. Greetings, so to speak. However, all of this generally (I admit exceptions) is one thing: stealing someone's idea and remodeling (or "re-imagining") so those who do not see or understand it can pay to see it. It's like the Coles / Cleves reviews. Dump everything in a blender, purifying all that is more puzzling and intriguing and throwing in some artificial flavors. In other words, a great marketing plan. <br /> <br /> So what's wrong with this? Well, I'll start with what I liked. I liked the opening scenes. Thanks to CGI and a larger budget, we can actually understand the chaos of the zombie holocaust Romero tried to communicate originally through minimal means. See the city in ruins, thousands of zombies: chaos and death. Two words look beautiful on the screen. After that everything collapses. <br /> <br /> This collection does not lead anywhere. The movie does what each new version does. Adds everything else except personal, atmosphere and story. It is more noise (in a sense) more bloody, and more full of the main characters that appear only to die in meaningless subconscious plots. The setting, the commercial center that played a crucial role in the story and theme of the original film, is purely coincidental. The idea conveyed in Romero, the joy of pure ecstasy of having a "commercial center for you as a fortress," is over here. Moreover, this "re-visualization" does not contain a moksi or a soul nor a ball. It is assumed (perhaps quite right) that the public has no interest and does not bother to draw our attention to the characters or the story. The movie was accelerated and lacked the quieter interactions between the original four characters. I have already grown to care about these people in the Romero version because there was some realism for their presence despite the madness outside the mall. Here, you do not care when or who goes: What matters is how they go. <br /> <br /> What do others say? The film is not scary. It has a scene or jump "jump" and tries to compensate the rest with special and attractive effects. As a story, very difficult to follow and the conflicts between characters so backward that they can not be memorized. The humor is also reduced to a few lines (and a really good character: Andy). After that, what remains? It is ridiculous and less than the inevitable and inevitable mystery of the original film. But although it is a very bad film (though not as bad as some others do), it has to be remembered for one thing: "The Passion of Christ" was lifted from its first box office location. Well done zombies.
