This film is purely Hollywood Hokom. It is based on a novel entitled "Not Too Narrow?" Not too deep for Richard Sala, who probably was or was not interesting; it would take the search to find out! The story tells the story of many incidents and many of the backgrounds that were clearly present in the novel but can not be seen in the film, so either the film was brutally cut or the script was in chaos from the start. There is not one part of the millisecond in this film which is realistic remotely, both in terms of events or characters. It is a pure Hollywood fantasy in all respects. There are two famous actors, Paul Lucas and Peter Laurie, who are so largely untapped that they have no meaning in the film at all. They should be thrown in the mix in the way that one adds a sprinkle of chopped garlic to the omelette, hoping to enhance the flavor. The film is a wonderful attempt to produce a "moral story", so tacky it is laughable. The story relates to some of the fugitive criminals imprisoned in French Guiana who want to escape from their French colonial prison through a forest (Hollywood forest, with a rubber snake). It is natural for a woman to be in the story, so Joan Crawford describes her as a tramp who has become irresistible to Clark Gable, a fugitive, for some reason. As she runs through the forest, Crawford wears high-heeled shoes and keeps her makeup fresh. He flirts with gables and animates and makes unconventional expressions. He shakes his forehead as he used to, and breathes and looks seductively at everyone, his style of acting. It is difficult to deal with this character as a hardened criminal when he always tries to be Clark Gable, and he certainly did not leave any time to be a thief. (Researchers are so preoccupied that they do not steal any task that people do not see.) The whole escape is so ridiculous that it can only be considered as light entertainment. Faith and "depth" are attempted by infusing the mysterious "angel of mercy" into the story, who voluntarily enters the prison and pretends to be a prisoner. Helps escape and accompanies all criminals and ministers in their various deaths, helping them to find "peace" in the last minute. This character is played very well by Ian Hunter, who is kept in a convoluted atmosphere of secret knowledge, smiling vaguely, making vague prophetic statements, and has a small spot trained on his face to give him a heavenly glow. It is meant to be salvation. We may call it Donald Duck's copy of "Hollywood goes moral and gets heavy". For a real depth, Hitchcock's 1953 book "I confess" shows how it should really be done. By contrast, this trivial piece of nonsense shows how meaningful cabinets were in Tinsel Town, and that when he started looking for something that might mean something, everything they could get out of, as they had guessed it, was more glamorous.
