Author of many novels, plays and short stories, George Somerset Mugham (1874-1965) was one of the greatest authors in the world during his lifetime, and although his reputation has faded over the years, his work is still critically respected and widely read. The RAZOR'S EDGE was published in 1944, a tale of veterans of the First World War, which explores spiritual enlightenment in the face of shallow Western values. It was another major novel for Maugham - and it was very popular. Given that the conflicts of the novel are internal spiritual and philosophical issues, it was also a very strange choice for a film - but Darrell Zanook of Fox Century in the 20th century fell in love with the book and took away screen rights shortly after it was released. <br /> <br /> According to the film, the RAZOR'S EDGE was to be directed by the legendary George Cuckur from a screenplay by Maugham himself - and Maugham seems to have written an adaptation. When the film came into production, Edmund Golding, Kokur, a lesser-known director of artistic touch, was replaced by a working-like style. The Mugham scenario was replaced by Lamar Trotty, the author of memorable films like The Fox. Tyrone Power, who recently returned from military service during the Second World War, was filmed as a spiritually contested Larry Daryl Jean Turney, one of the beautiful beauties of her time, was portrayed as Isabel Bradley's social. The support team was particularly notable, including Herbert Marshall, Anne Baxter, Clifton Webb, Lucille Watson and Elsa Lancaster. Both the budget and the photographic schedule were poor, and when the film was first introduced in 1946, it was greatly admired by the public and critics alike. <br /> <br /> But time has a way of making things right. Today, the RAZOR'S EDGE is actually a beautiful film - but one of the best things one can say is that it achieves a fairly harmonious average. As in most cases, the main problem is the scenario. Although it is reasonably close to Mugam's plot story, it is remarkably unremarkable with regard to personality and fails to capture the key issues that move the story. We were told that Larry was looking for Enlightenment; we were told he was receiving it; we were told that he was acting accordingly - but despite the occasional and superficial commentary, nothing was ever told about the spiritual, artistic, philosophical and intellectual processes behind any of them. In particular, he did not tell us anything important about the nature of Enlightenment itself. It has the effect of cutting the story on her knees. <br /> <br /> We are left with the Mugam plot, which focuses on the relationship between Larry and Isabel, a woman Larry likes but leaves behind because of the growing ideological Reeve that opens them. Tyrone Power and Gene Tierney were more famous for physical beauty than talent, but both were able to perform well when they received strong guidance and scenario support. Unfortunately, this does not happen here. They are extremely one note and greatly miscast power to take off. Fortunately, the support team is very good, with Herbert Marshall, Clifton Webb, and Lucille Watson in particular; however, Anne Baxter's famous performance at the time did not wear as one would have hoped. <br /> <br /> With a little less than two and a half hours, the film feels too long. There seems to be an endless variety of cocktail parties, but the whole of India (which is read as hilarious) could have been completely cut - a strange position, because this is the sequence intended as the entire film. Regardless of the specific scene, everything seems to be going on and on. <br /> <br /> As for the DVD itself, the film has not been redesigned, but the print is very good, the bonus package is especially memorable and is remarkably poor. When all is said and done, the RAZOR'S EDGE is given four stars of production value and everyone's willingness to take advantage of the material - but frankly, this is one of the best fans of Power and Tierney, who will enjoy it for the stars and those whose thoughts about spiritual enlightenment are as vague as the movie itself . <br /> <br /> GFT, Amazon Amazon
