What if Somerset Mugam had written a story about a coal miner who decided to seek transcendent enlightenment by trying to join a country club? If it had, it would have been called the Razor's Edge, where Katha-Upanishad tells us, "It's hard to go beyond the sharp edge of the blade; therefore, Hakim says the road to salvation is difficult." But Maugham decided to stick to the well-cooked layer, so we have a copy of Darryl F. Zanuck of Larry Darrell, who recently returned from World War I, was carefully prepared, well connected to society and determined to find himself by becoming a coal mine. Perhaps, as Magam tells us, "this is the young man I am writing about, it is not famous, perhaps when his life ends in the end, no trace of this stone will be left of the stone thrown in a river of leaves On the surface of the water, however, the way of life chosen by himself may have an increasing influence on his fellow men, so, long after his death, perhaps, he will realize that he has lived in this age a very remarkable creature. " <br /> <br /> Razor's Edge has all the cultural tastes of Zanuck and can buy money. She is very serious, very loyal ... very important to self. As Larry pursues his quest for wisdom, works in the mines, on merchant ships, and climbs a mountain in the Himalayas to learn from an old wise man, we have his selfish girlfriend, Isabel, played by Jane Turney, the tragic childhood owner of Anne Baxter, Which was played by Clifton Webb, Willie Mugam himself, played with Herbert Marshall, and made notes. The film is so overbearing about the good that the only thing that benefits little is Clifton Webb like Elliott Templeton. "If I live to be a hundred, I will never understand how any young man can come to Paris without evening clothes." Webb has some good fonts, but we end up estimating Clifton Webb, not Elliot Templeton. <br /> <br /> Zanok wanted fame in the 20th century when he bought the rights to Mugam's novel. Wait a year until Tyrone Power was released from military service. He has confirmed dozens of good additions by dozens, a result that looks like a cathedral and even wrote some scenes himself. This effort is conscious like a fat man wearing a rented tux. Despite the Hollywood view of things in The Razor's Edge, I can tell you that hard work for most people does not bring enlightenment, just fatigue and low wages. <br /> <br /> After about two and a half hours, we last saw Larry carrying his suitcase on a steaming steamer in a storm. He will return to America from Europe with a grim smile on his face. "My dear," says Somerset Mugam to Isabel at the same time in a well-decorated salon, "Larry has discovered what we all want and what a very few of us have done ... I do not think anyone can fail to be better, noble, kind "You know, as you see, my goodness, in the end, goodness is the greatest power in the world ... it's got it!" Larry and the public need a healthy dose of dermine. <br /> <br /> Maugam, for fear of forgetting, was a great writer for plays, novels, essays and short stories. To see how movies can achieve justice, watch how some of his short stories were shown on screen in Encore, Trio, and Quartet. Instead of wasting time with Larry Darrell, you can spend time with Laurence Durrell. The Alexandria Quartet is a good read.
