In the summer of 1979, when it was a staple in the new HBO movie medium, it was the summer of Gas Gas Summer & Iran's Crisis Summer. There was a change in mood about to end the low-budget and standard-budget movies, although Smokey & the Bandit kept the speed-related clicks as direct caricatures from Roadrunner for a few years. "Corvette Summer" is as strange as any previous film like "Vanishing Point" or "Dirty Mary, Crazy Larry", if it is lighter and more exciting than sex. Kenneth (Hamel), who has just graduated from secondary cars, was heading to Las Vegas for an auto theft ring that broke away from the Shop Class, an ultra-right Vette. In the spiritual oblivion of the I-15 desert (see "Fear and Hate in Las Vegas"), he collides with a dedicated truck (yes, that was the end of the truck's madness too), which was deceived as a rude, mobile-rude leader, Vanessa Potts To the city of Sin to make it, well, all it is hummingbirds prostitutes. Vanessa, get it? Kenneth is shy and innocent on the road in Las Vegas, with his entire American design and his new friend to help him, although the young girl with the brisk edge has become less wiser in the world than she looked at first. Why, in the era of "I am a woman", Vanessa invested her talents, money and future in the oldest profession in the world but less dignity, for example, college or even hairdressing, can be explained by young people who wish to believe that all women at least consider the joys This career path. Remember the target audience, right? Hamille is a good choice for Kenneth White (the car does not belong to him personally but his school), which will not be deterred from his goal with violence or money or even love - to find out why the car was really stolen. Boots works elegantly and energyfully, but Vanessa is incredibly incredible for any testosterone machine that has more credibility. The bad guys make an amazing person, especially by Bryan James. But there is not much movement and this is not the type of film that can be carried through dialogue, distortions or heavy shapes. You can always access the top, convert the TV disc and connect it to the "Pong" console. Chris Mitchum's "Stingray", which appeared at about the same time, was characterized by a lame but more swift, chaotic appearance. The best features of each film has produced a Vette movie worth remembering. Trans Am was then left to rule the muscle car showroom at the box office. Another forgotten car was brought back from the dead through the beautiful "Speed ​​Channel's" series, Lost Drive-in.
