If you hit your kids in the 1970s, as you did, you might remember stories about Studio 54 whether you liked disco or not. An exclusive club, was an ideal symbol of cultural hyperbole in the 1970s and self-absorption. There is even a wonderful documentary about VH1 about the club that can tell you everything you want to know about its peak period, and interesting stories easily enough to produce a very captivating film. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, that's not it. 54 follows the life of a few of her employees, a waiter named Shane (Ryan Phillip), a businessman named Greg (Breken Meyer), his wife, a girl examining the coat, Anita (Selma Hayek) and of course the master of ceremonies himself, Steve Roble (Mike Myers). Although the current events in the club are well represented, this film is more concerned with the personal life of the workers, following the story of the closest Shen. <br /> <br /> The movie works intermittently. At times, the shallowness of nightlife culture (such as when Chen is transported to a dinner party and does not know who is "Errol Flint"), is often reflected, and at other times turns into a melodrama hockey. Some of that inherent in the hypothesis ?? Follow followers and mingle in the world of the wealthy and brilliant ?? But much of that is due to the glove therapy provided by both the club and Robel throughout the film. Although Robbill certainly used the spectacle in New York for his superlative and exclusive hand-picked choice for the crowds every night, rampant drugs and sexual sex were only briefly addressed; Rubel himself, despite his excesses, was surprisingly positive for A man who was in life a liar, a deceiver, a drug addict, and mixed up like all hell. This is not because I was looking for the man to be robbed from here, but his demeanor directly contributed to the fall of his club and the dwindling culture of nightlife that helped to elevate it. A final scene in which the patriarchal gaze is so patently false that it is not pathetic. <br /> <br /> Myers is doing his best to catch Robel, but he has not given much effort to work with him. Not effective; but it is good, and helps to solidify the film. Philippe, whom I generally find a good actor, has stumbled here because of the stupidity and stupidity of his character; the deer's smile is limited to the foreground or the frown is incomprehensible, so he can not translate it into a strong performance. Hayek and Meyer are both fine, again, undermined by writing, and Neve Campbell? Featured prominently on DVD cover? It seems to briefly have a really extended veil. <br /> <br /> For some reason, I still find myself interested, and even fascinated, with popular culture in the second half of the 1970s. But even if we consider, this is not a film that has particularly involved me, despite the willingness to do so. I would say if that era, or this club, has any interest for you, follow VH1's own instead of this melodrama halfway.
