On his face, Ruiz set out in a psychological thriller. Although it is not as satisfactory as a classic piece in this genre, there are compensations. The tensions generated between Hubert and Balibar as women quietly but reckoned in the war on a boy claim both are convincing; however, in the true European style of art, Ruiz does not give us this tension because women alternately try to act affectionately towards each other. The only sound I made was Hobart's awakening from a nightmare (an irrational and indisputable event in the film). <br /> <br /> In fact, if we follow the title, the film revolves around an exciting skeleton like Jane. CAMPION IN THE CAT Instead, it is an interdisciplinary psychological study focusing on men. The boy Camille (Nils Houghton) decides a practical joke, plays the role of his mother against another vulnerable weak emotionally woman. It seems that both women appear instead of reprimanding it, which exacerbates the problem. In the background there is a contemporary psychologist (Charles Berling), quick to confront women in his life - his sister Hubert, the nanny or the Palestinian Authority - and thus acting as a token counterbalance to adults and manipulation (learn) Camille. It is particularly interesting that, like the father in Henry James' The Turn of the Screw, Denis Bodalaydiz's father, absent from law, is absent throughout the film. Ruiz depicts a moment in Oedipal's reaction to Huppert on his return at the end of the film. <br /> <br /> Read either as an excerpt or an essay in psychiatry, this film is ultimately disappointing. I'm fed up with Mme Huppert's screen mode and it's very buried so I'm going to look at it on stage before I go back to the Sky Gate, which I enjoyed again. Good support. Ruiz cast does not prefer though. Apart from some bad lighting and some unintended alien shots, his direction seems to have left the characterization out of reach - I am especially thinking of his neighbor Edith Scoop the Shamani for Isabel, who acts with knowledge but conveys embarrassment. The specific pieces are not linked to a forward-driving plot - the tension I have already referred to does not only fade faintly, but loses its directional potential. Go and see L'Appartement instead. 10/04
