I despise this film completely. No wonder Jose Larraz "acquitted" of something and refused to discuss it. I admire Larraz's work, especially his most obsessed sex / sex novels like SAVAGE LUST or SCREAM AND DIE. His work contains a kind of artistic ingenuity that is inevitable about this subject and can not seem to close it, partly because of his career as a painter and cartoonist. It is very bad that he never made a Western, and his vision would be perfect. <br /> <br /> BLACK CANDLES is one of his most famous films, perhaps the most famous of his films after the VAMPYRES masterpiece. The fame revolves around one scene where a devil's oven makes a strange ritual involving the extraction of the reproductive fluid of a goat - which symbolizes the beast - as a kind of nausea balm for use in the preparation of the wav as the sister of a dead man for her role as a devil's bride. The scene is presented in a way that seems somewhat convincing even without the display of any plumber that the goat may have been given, depending on the history of the actress recruited to play the tyrant in the rites and a lot of cheers to hear the recycled musical score of the film in half a dozen movies Attributed to Jacinto Molina. The stray nature of the scene is more implicit than shown in the graphic details, which is somewhat increased by the knowledge that the demands are in fact the daughter of the teenage devilish priest. I have but they enjoyed the fabrication of this film. <br /> <br /> The problem is that there are not many things to be dismantled or thought of regardless of the paper story from Rosemary Bape's book about a woman who has been neglected in her role as the bride of Satan by a sophisticated demonic bride living in the fortified parts of Britain The wicked. Under the leadership of Eurohorror Helga Line, these Satanists are made up of doctors, lawyers, land-owned countries and other high-crusted figures who are already indebted to their professional success in the cult of Satan. All you have to do is sell your soul and the world can be yours, just watch out for what you might sell to pay off a small personal conflict or you might end up with a sword. <br /> <br /> The film attempts to combine this diabolical journey with markets or border graphic sex, and should be seen as a kind of climax or climax of the sexual sex and horror traditions that were partly popularized by Mr. Molina and Ms. Lane, which thrived surprisingly under the evil eye To a Franco-Spanish dictator who was in control of Spain until 1976. His decree lived that Spanish cinema was free of sex charts on the screen. Spanish directors often made two copies of their films, one with sex hidden for their screens and one with adultery on the screen for export. The difficulty faced by filmmakers to express themselves was a kind of interesting tension that usually occurs when artists flirt with forbidden artists: Spanish horror of the 1970s has a very special flavor with somewhat acquired taste. It is not for everyone. <br /> <br /> But in a strange twist of events, without Franco's influence on their culture, Spanish terror dries up in the late 1970s, when Gothic castles and satanic craps suddenly found themselves when compared to new sensations such as JAWS and Star Wars. Without Franco's limitations, it was suddenly a raft of brilliant graphic excitement that came out of the tubes in the late 1970s / early 1980s, which was probably the most famous for its focus on sexual perversion with the yard animal. The main horror films of LaRaz are always about sexual taboos (VAMPYRES, incest), but the effect of corruption here is to overshadow the rest of the production. No one cares about anything other than the traditional controlled trip to Goat Barn, and watching a broken version without a scene in the barn is often a futile exercise. Sex is not graphically enough to be classified as pornographic, and the chills are not chilling enough to classify it as horror. <br /> <br /> So, BLACK CANDLES is basically a behavioral study - here's how a high-level British demonic society can act in their isolated palaces in West Midlands or whatever. Among the sexual scenes, the actors / actors sit around and there are many discussions. The best thing about the film is the atmosphere of undeniable repression of indoor fear, with most of its works taking place in the interior tightly confined to the personal palace of Ms. Lane. Almost all forms of adultery are hinted at, so lovers of soft sex will enjoy supernatural horror, and of course sex offenders among us will choke their chickens to the scene of the goat barn. But the final conclusion of the film is a silly insult, patriotism, and intelligence insult, and may be ideal for a practice that is as memorable as applied corruption. <br /> <br /> 2/10; Without Goat Barn, this film is not the same, and this scene is likely to be very much for most viewers. Lars was right in his narrative.
