Note to self just because the film is strange, mysterious, and stars Catherine Zeta-Jones does not mean it's good. This is the case with Blue Juice, a British son in 1995 about an unlikely group of surfing enthusiasts in what might seem (for a stupid American, anyway) a more unlikely place to find surfers: Cornwall, England. You might think that this is what sets him apart from a funny little comedy. Only if. The film is just over ninety minutes but it seems endless. The easiest way to describe it is a kind of British version of "grease" without dancing, but even that makes it look better than it is. No, the best way to take them is a small slice of life in a small town. Catherine Zeta-Jones plays the role of Chloe, a young woman living with a surf instructor, JC (Sean Pertoy, you remember him). Pertui is actually a movie star, and his character is something of a surfing legend for a small group of surfing enthusiasts, an eccentric group of free spirits that inevitably live in films like this. In this case, he consists of a drug dealer who wants to be a journalist, a former DJ a nightclub wants to be a record producer, a fat man, being stoned in an unnecessarily lengthy scene and losing all his inhibitions, which of course turned out to be the best thing that ever happened to him. I can not honestly say that everything that goes on in "Blue Juice" is predictable, because it is in place and reflects habits and morals that I'm not familiar with, but certainly there is nothing surprising or even interesting going on there or with the characters. Comedy, though, is highly predictable and tiring. One can sense formations one mile away and read the dialogue almost (in American form, of course) before actors do. The relationship between JC and Chloe is impeccable. She wants him to grow up. He wants them to remain the reckless teenagers who have begun to exist. He is afraid of losing his face with his gang; she thinks he favors her. You found the idea. While I found it difficult to focus on the "blue juice", in the end I felt, as the saying goes, that this was an hour and a half of my life and I never came back to it.
