About five minutes in, and I saw where this address was. The annoyance of a handful of high school children from school management and rebellious thoughts begin to stir up. I told my friend: if less than 5 in IMDb, I'll go and read a book. I got 5.0, so I was persuaded to keep watching. What are the good things? Well, it's a good thing that this film does not contain a story, because you will definitely be distracted by editing. It was like the drawing of a student who had been torn apart by a teacher. All the footage was cut off in a strange accident involving a meat mill, leaving half of the stock destroyed, with the other half split into two bits. Even in a 10-second scene of local TV news, there are about six pieces and three different angles. Then there is the montage. These are all tuned to electronic music, which foreshadows you with another montage, which resembles Pavlov's dog, starting every time you hear it, almost every three minutes. Oh, I was supposed to say what's good about this film. Well, the film was filmed well, with a nice color palette, which matched well the emotional content - as it was - for the viewer. Well, now with a big drawback in the film, this was not the story, or its absence. The director made this fatal mistake of leading you astray about people and attitudes, not through intelligent storytelling, but very selectively about what to show about the main characters. This is just cheating. I think he did it in order to make the central character more beloved. But it just became plain annoying. If the story is full of holes, it is not good to try to correct it by directing the viewer in the wrong way. Often there was no point to it. Then finish. Basically, it turns out that the main villain in peace is a good man, if he is a coward. In addition, it turns into what seems to be the full goal of the film, that you must stand for a just cause on its head, because of the wrong direction mentioned earlier, and make it at a point about the nature of the revolutions, which have already been done, and much better, through the animal farm. He has also committed what I call the sin of Bill Cosby: no matter how things appear at first, in the end adults are always right, and children are always wrong. Let's face it: unless you are, that's not true.
