Michael Des Barres is the chef and owner of a popular restaurant in California. He has a beautiful wife, Grace Horn (Rosanna Arquette), a pregnant, and a beautiful son about five years old. Sami already loves his family, but like Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, he has a double life, having sex with many different women. Dr. Jean Bordeaux (Nastasia Kinski) is trying to help him. Well, that's my fault: I've read the summary of other IMDB user comments and watched the IMDB user rating, but I really could not believe that Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski could be involved in this bad movie. I decided to check it, and in fact some comments are very satisfied. The scenario, the scenario and the dialog boxes are so ridiculous and ridiculous that even in some X-rated films, we can find smarter stories. Photography is very phenomenal and naïve and it seems that in some parts it is captured via a VHS video camera. Michael Des Barez does not feel ironic: Being an old, bald man would be acceptable in a declaration about Viagra or the grandfather of a young child. But as an attractive man gets and fucks with any woman, it is scary. In the comedy Wood Allen, he probably got a chance, but in the film "Gad", it's funny. I try to know why or how Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski have accepted to participate in this terrible and amateur film and trash. Do they need money? Lack of opportunities in movies better because of their age? Are they friends of the director (sorry to use this word) and decided to help him and promote him? I do not know if Rosanna Arquette's intention is to show her breasts full of silicon, but it is unacceptable that such a great actress would accept such a scenario. The same goes for the gorgeous Kasti Nastassja. I made a fat, without makeup, without any glamor. Full disrespect for one of the most beautiful actress in the history of cinema. Really interesting fact: how can the reader, without any personal attention, promote this trash, or give higher ratings or write positive comments about this film? Are they friends of the "director" (again, I use this word ...) or the cast? It seems very strange to me that the normal IMDB reader can love this movie. My vote is two. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Viciado Em Sexo" ("Sex addict")
