You can not deny that we have a convergence of speed. That's why films such as Fast and Furious, Dhoom and Rempit were made to play to the satisfaction of the masses, especially the local ones. We live on a small island, and I can not understand why most of us, because of the relative efficiency of the public transport system, want to get debt by owning a set of wheels that come with a 100% tax when they arrive at our shores and countless taxes and bills to pay at Run one. Not only that, a prominent politician in the north ridiculed high-end sports cars that would never reach fourth place, lest they reach the sea. <br /> <br /> It is relatively easy to produce these films. Hot Wheels and Hot Chicks always go well in targeting the required demographic information. For once, those dangling lines that reveal strange shocks and short skirts that extend the length of the two-meter legs can compete with attention to those beautiful curves possessed by exotic cars in such films. Of course, there are those among us who are going to portray women's sex enthusiasts as mere sex beings (otherwise they explain why motor shows come with model trucks, and films like these can not be dispensed with without a tall model framed). However, They do not guarantee this kind of collective orgasm orgasm when the four wheels appear on the screen, even when they do nothing specifically and are taken to Park. The man sitting next to me swore he wet his pants every time a car showed his dreams and wrote his pants more when he heard a roar roar. <br /> <br /> So we have boys, fans who have just attended tours to see any of the latest wonderful cars that have appeared in the movie. With Fast and Furious, Japanese models such as Evos and Skylines take center stage, such as GT. Here, the Ford GT takes an unbelievably stunning adjustment to the front, so I admire it, along with the latest models such as Ferrari Enzos, Porshe Carerra GTs, Koenigsegg CCXs and every car with door wings. But seriously, my heart goes out to the cars every time they are mercilessly destroyed just for fun. I mean, these good, high-performance models are at the height of the cars, but because everyone who financed the film had millions of fans, they do it because they can. <br /> <br /> There's no story in Redline, just excuse to collect A movie full of beauty (existing cars) that can rupture the airport runway is probably the most boring fashion, and with the usual shots of pedals (the accelerator always reminds you, and clicks on the brakes the pedal is like rowing, and does not earn you any respect), wheels, Gears (always moving up and not down), all at a time when the actors are calling Insatiable donkeys engine with the saddest, Achwqon and give them all the other dirty looks. It is not a very long arrangement for an actor, which is why we get the most sad performances ever, with lines that seem to be written by primary school children. <br /> <br /> The heroine (yes, she made the statement that the girls can drive her car) Natasha (Nadia Bjorlin has a very silent appearance) is one of those discoveries worth $ 1 million - a typical girl who does not mind waking up In four oil riffs, succeeding in the race and progressing with rock music singing songs with simple and funny words (every line has to do with cars, when singing about love, he had only a string of hints like gear shafts, lubricants and horseback riding). Because of her wishes for the illegal race of Infamous (Eddie Griffin), she has been drawn into family feuds involving veteran Leo DiCaprio, who is like the Iraq war, and some of his mysterious rotten uncle. Everything else, just like I said, is just an excuse for the film to move from race to race. <br /> <br /> It is always the same, as there is very limited what you can do to increase the tension between racing cars, especially when you know that the race is fake (for narrative reasons) and can see the result of the race a mile away From the finish line. While Fast and Furious had charismatic actors, I would put my head on the chopping board with Paul Walker, Sun Kang, and, of course, the star you created - Vin Diesel, Redline did not have nice faces, with lots of air. It looks like a TV movie in its dealings from the start, with a very unclear opening sequence where one man, one car and a 105-minute race with time are available to get to Las Vegas. <br /> <br /> If this is not the case for cars, this film is seriously a piece of garbage, with misbehavior, bad lines and bad deeds. Accurately for car lovers, or those who love their movies with countless bevy beauty who pimp their bodies without any lines to talk to.
