There is a scene in this film about 42 minutes which is the worst I have ever seen. As Scott Fitzgerald (Gregory Peck) and Sheilah Graham (Deborah Kerr) clamber onto the beach, suddenly things get tense and Sheilah begins to cry - and at this point she tells her boyfriend about her dirty past. This "drama scene" becomes so exaggerated and very historical that I could only help my wife and understand how stupid it was ... the dramatic music on TV was amplified and everyone reached a false climax. No one is testing moments like this - no one. Now, how much of the rest of the film is true, I can not say, but this very moment was annoyingly bad and counterfeit at $ 8 a Rolex - and leads me to assume that some other reviewers were right - the movie is a lot of two floors. However, I am not an expert in the lives of these two people, and the Internet does not seem to have made it clear either. <br /> <br /> Just who are P. Scott Fitzgerald and Sheila Graham What is the relationship between them really? But what I know about Fitzgerald looks different from what I saw in the film. Was he the gentle and generous man we first saw in the film? Well, given that he was married at the same time Graham was continuing and drinking like a fish, I think he was not. Was it disgusting and miserable as we saw later in the film? Maybe, but if this is bad and yet Mrs. Graham stayed with him, this makes her a completely fake doll - not someone she would like to watch in a movie. If not, the film will damage his memory. In both cases, it is designed for a painful viewing experience and is not particularly enjoyable. <br /> <br /> The whole film seems to be the story of two unpopular or healthy people. In a dark and wonderful way, some may find this very enjoyable, but most of them will surely see this train wreck without surprises along the way! Not pleasant but with brilliant production values ​​(especially music, which was beautiful but over the top) the question begs "why did they even choose to make this in the first place?". Bottom line - it's a very bad movie everywhere and probably not worth your time - even if you're like me like Gregory Beck.
