I hate crash movies ... all of them! In fact, I hate them all passionately! First of all, they are cheap-looking and do not have the knack! Second, they insult the aviation industry and tell the public that all aircraft do ... fell from the sky and crushed! <br /> <br /> Why did you come to such a movie? This can happen to any of us and has worse consequences than those suffered by the characters in the movie mentioned ... which is the only cold side in the yarn of airline disaster like this. I hate this movie because it looks like all the chaos movies that hit its 500,000-strong plane before it! The free fall is like all the others: nothing more than boredom before dramatic scenes appear. <br /> <br /> First, we have one set of inhibitors in the flying death trap: the three-person Cleaver family, the yuppie bautard, and the bitch of a full flight hostess with a big blond hairstyle from 1987 scolding anyone who is less afraid Little! <br /> <br /> My second conclusion is that this film should not be a full-length film, but a documentary film explains everything about the Air Canada incident "Gimbli Glider", also known as "free fall" to safety precautions. <br /> <br /> My third and last bite is with all the airline movies of this caliber (except Fearless) Why the hell did the male host male ordered the passengers to remove the shoes there? (I can understand the high heels and the sharp bulk stuff, but come on!) So you'll make it safer than it is now! This plane if they (the passengers) did not know well: they knew they would land on the ground. Why have 100 injured to slide on a rubber slide can cause skin peeling and bleeding because of the impact only on walking in their feet stored in the debris field! Is this logical for anyone? <br /> <br /> Fearless and the ABC series that had been more "lost" were more profound and realistic in transmitting the disaster than "airplane crashes" - people who are panicking are becoming more unstable, with no wheels in a person walking around in the field without shoes and jackets, Etc. The same old nonsense from the airport of 1975! The free fall was very typical of a plane crash so much so I expect to see either Charlton Heston or Peter Graves breaking into the cursed passenger cabin at any moment, can we see at least how these bad characters behave to Nature rather than the joy of people amid the impending tragedy that confronts them? The director of Free Fall has to stick to cheap TV movies with middle-aged white women with stupid teenage children who are taking drugs and having problems with marriage. Let's pro ... You broke, why we have to sit in an hour and a half is the airport wannabe rework.I hope they do not make movies like crash anymore.If this is like the ABC series "Lost", it would be better to see them. But this is absolute foolishness and then some. Stop turning every movie disaster plane to "Airport 1975"! This is not an "airport" this is a cheap pathetic waste of my time. I do not recommend this film or any air disaster film dedicated to anyone's television nor even my worst enemies.
