This is a larger budget film than usual for Honda genre director (with obviously clearer sets)? Although the special effects still have that distinctive eternity (see the giant bats and rodents displayed). Joseph Koten plays the role of a visionary in a state of weakness and weakness (but his character is supposed to be 204 years old). Richard Jakele is the hero of the photographer while, as the main villains, we get Cesar Romero and Patricia Medina (both camp basic). As I have said time and time again, I grew up watching movies in English dubbed in Italian, but listening to Hollywood actors in Japanese is quite another! <br /> <br /> The LATITUDE ZERO seems like a copy of the events of the Jules Verne model, which is somewhat entertaining at this level; in fact, it is better that Honda's low-edged variations on the monster form are frenzied by its intrinsic charm inherent in the composition this case. The plot involves kidnapping a world famous by Romero? He was aiming to establish himself in the technologically advanced underwater city created by Kouten (whose most important minds are recruited in the world). We dealt with a lot of silly battles between rival submarines, but the most entertaining scenes are definitely the raid on the Romero Cave? In fact, Coutin should do somersaults and repel men in a rubber dress (through flame and laser emitted from his glove!) Must surely count as a rare career in acting; the other biggest cast, Romero, more in his element ?? After all, he was the Joker in Batman TV series and a movie from the 1960s! Coutin has a thin doctor dressed in tight clothes on his team, assisted by a huge Asian; Romero, on the other hand, is surrounded by an oriental elephant? Who, however, ends up getting an unusual deal for her efforts (the girl's brain is eventually planted in a mix of lion and condor, which is among the most wonderful creatures I have ever seen!). Apparently, a collection of two discs of the streets of Media Blasters on this very day !!
