The 7EVENTY plot includes 5IVE college kids who play an unexpectedly harsh phone game (for them, if not fans of terror) make them take their heads. The story of 7EVENTY 5IVE, on the other hand, is the story of a horror film that heralds a lot of promise, above the sadness of really bad writing. <br /> <br /> What would have been fun was, to some extent, the story of the ridiculous old farce out of the way early because the misguided filmmakers believed that the audience would enjoy watching a group of rich young children who devoured themselves for most of the time Play the movie. With the exception of Rutger Hauer's police detective (in a secondary role mainly designed to add the star's only star power), each on-screen character is a different breed of young A-hole. <br /> <br /> Male and female, black and white, straight and gay, a full range of shallow and evil college students holds the bulk of the film story. Worse still, since the story deals with PARTY, most of the scenes are full of these little games. Because of this, there is little rest for the viewer, who must bear the angry snipers of the finely drawn heroes. Although at least some of these people are presumed friends, all the characters always react in a very hostile way before any real conflict breaks out. This leads to the worst possible result in an oblique film: The audience, intended to take care of the evidence, not only cheers the unknown killer, but wishes he had arrived to start choosing empty sausages much earlier. <br /> <br /> The real shame of this poor characterization is that otherwise, the 7EVENTY 5IVE already had some potential. Visually it's okay. The first two directors, Brian Hooks and Deon Taylor, know how to build a suspicious mood. She also managed to present some of the relevant moments, though scattered, on the classic 1980s style. Surprisingly, the production crew is also able to do so to some extent. It is not that actors are unable to express real human feelings; it is simply that the script (co-written by newcomer Fashon Knott and director Hawkes, who performed behind the camera is much better than the keyboard) is a palace of such moments. <br /> <br /> 7EVENTY 5IVE can not be recommended, since its familiar premise and a little excitement can not outweigh the bad taste of a story driven by a host of unpleasant characters. In this lukewarm zeal, the real mystery is why anyone should care about a group of young people who can not even admire each other.
