You may want to know in advance that I am not a Mormona, unlike a large number of those who have already reviewed this film. I remember this until you understand that the way I look at the film may be very different from that in the faith. For some, criticism of the film may be seen as critical of faith - and this is not my intention. So, my assessment is to try a stranger to look inside and learn more about the identity of this man and his people. Well, after watching the movie, I doubt I learned much at all. Since I was a professor of history, I have a good basic understanding about Young as well as Joseph Smith as well as the teachings of the Church. But anyone who wants to see this movie to learn anything really will probably be disappointed because the movie looks very nice - very cute and unreal in its portrayal. In addition, you learn almost nothing about church beliefs other than being nice, hardworking and some have many wives (and this last part is barely hinted at in the film). Instead, people are almost like animations in their simplified images. Joseph Smith and Brigham Young and their followers Malacists, all non-Mormons, were all demons, and Bryan Dunliff (playing exactly the same role played by Edward J. Robinson later in THE TEN COMMANDMENTS) is the owner of the problems he claims to be Mormons but only comes up The film can get a bad guy. It's very simple .... very simple. It was like an indoctrination or non-commercial film. <br /> <br /> Brigham Young was especially a very complex man - with many good points (excellent organizer and visionary vision) and bad (do not make me start with his views on blacks inside or in church). His portrayal in vague terms is just absurd. It is also very similar to how Gandhi was portrayed in the film with Ben Kingsley - only the facts that led to his being almost a superhuman were confirmed. Heck, now that I think about it, this is the problem most religious films - often come in a one-dimensional, vulgar and nice picture. Let us make a full and complete film for these men - a film that sticks to facts rather than emotional appeals. <br /> <br /> Now if you can ignore the fact that you will not learn much about faith or its second leader, the movie is enjoyable enough. It is clear that someone in the 20th Century Fox is really interested in the film, where he had great actors for both Tyrone Power and the rising actors (Linda Darnell, Jane Darwell and Vincent Price) and great representatives of the characters (Dean Jagger), John Carradine and Brian Donleaf . The film was also a fantastic shooting site and lots of gloss. There was not much to tell us but they were "bulging". In addition, there were a lot of factual errors and a few stupid simple scenes. Some errors include taking Young immediately after the death of Joseph Smith (three years later), without mentioning the various Mormon sects and splinter groups, and talking about "California gold" - although it was 1847 and gold would not be discovered until 1948, as well as Not mentioning polygamy or Smith's many wives. The stupid simple scenes include Karadin pulling a weapon and waving him in the courtroom scene - and no one seems to care - even though he was a very hostile audience! Do not you think at least that the judge will tell him to stay away from him and stop threatening people with him ?! <br /> <br /> Last comment. I do not repeat, I do not repeat this movie when it is shown on American Movie Classics (one great station has sunk so much in recent years). While criticizing the film for its simplistic message, I was horrified by the total lack of respect for the Church and its traditions. What I mean is this. The movie was labeled with penis enlargement ad formats as well as tons of pop-ups (some ads show a "gravity cast"). He talked about disrespect and seriousness and I would be upset if they did that for any other religious film. By doing so, they not only insult faith but also marginalize their market - after all, who hears about these things and Brigham Young's life? Is this a movie, in this model, you can show it to your children or recommend to others?!
