Nahhh! Lily (Grace Mills) a teenager turned to Satan (and LSD) by Richard Archaeologist. There is a demon worship of the hippie hanging around the dilapidated old castle where Laila and Richard drink blood, drop drugs, join the Arab race, dance to throw rocks and participate in black mass gatherings where men wear pants, masks, heads and women wear nothing at all. Unfortunately, this kind of extracurricular activities left Leila open to a diabolical possession of the dreadful "spirit of evil". Leila also comes from a tight family, and that does not help either. Her older brother John is retreating seems to be in love with her. Her mother Patricia (Maria Berchi) suffers from depression because she believes she was responsible for the father's death. For the first time, her sister (Maria Costy) is a semi-naked golfer called "Moments!" Debbie Gibson. There are lots of leased assistance also to waste more time. Two young ladies (a young man taking off her clothes and another old man spying on everyone), plus Udo (Louis Indoni), a staunchly handsome assistant spying on Laila changing his clothes, taking nude pictures of her and sneaking into the pool to take a sniff from the newly used swimming suit. Oh yes and Borg, the innovative German shepherd. <br /> <br /> Paul Nachi is the father Adrian Danning, the skeptical priest who begins to snoop after John and Richard head back. "They say I'm pervert and I'll prove it's true," Laila says. During her birthday party, she told her guests, "You're making me sick! I hate you all!" When my mother suggests that a doctor come, she screams, "I do not want to see that fat!" Deby suggests they commit Layla with a "health mission," but Leila runs away and joins the community again. She was rescued (again) and returned home (for the third time). <br /> <br /> Through this point in the film, there is only ten minutes left to go and all we have seen is basically some boring scenes of characters talking about how wonderful her life is and how Leila behaves in a strange way. It is almost painful to sit down as Andy Milligan, minus laughter and laughter. But finally over the last few minutes, we got the movie that the title refers to - flick on possession like EXORCIST. Unfortunately, the best part is the contact lenses worn by Lily. Some time lashes appear on her arms, legs and face, and she gets the lips of the giraffe and her eyes take the shape of blue and white marble. She begins to think about the spoiling body, spits some clear shots, begins talking to her dead father's voice, sneaks into her mother's bedroom, slaps her around a little, and describes her as "the dirty bitch of a bitch." Father Adrian, who is finally believed to be truly possessed, comes to resist her attempts at seduction, hallucinations and frogs in the foxes in the kitchen and pours Lily with holy water. The doors open and close, the mirror breaks, and there is a sudden thunder and her bed rises from the ground. After I dealt with Dunning and stretched the two down the stairs, the soul became outside and guessed who? Why, Bukh Family Tower! The Devil's Dog then manages Adrian and chews him a little before putting him on poker fire. Then we get one of the most outrageous final shots ever made for the film. It is a night on earth that moves from its ugly appearance to its erotic sex life. But then, there is another temporal effect that seems to indicate that Satan may have reintroduced her body. It has been done very badly, you have no idea what to do, and it is the ultimate slap in the face of anyone who has just realized that he wasted an hour and a half at this pointless point of sale. <br /> <br /> Screw connections, 1 of 10 is it.
