... You can not push it away completely because it is old; if you are charitable, you may say that the enormous gait that coexists with it is not wrong. However, in these circumstances it is often difficult not to be disturbed when you find yourself dragging your heels in the wake. So with "The Pallbearer", an attempt to do something "different" with a romantic comedy that stumbled this way mainly because the place is wrong; a kind of admiration for your skills in the Break Dance at Grandfather's funeral. <br /> <br /> To expand the metaphor (perhaps uncomfortably!); like the old lady, one begins to feel when preparing a film that its demise can not be far away. This "death" is certainly a long-term one, with our reserves of sympathy slowly shifting in very small increments, as depression leads us to realize that actions are going only in one direction: the decline. Her arduous attempts to "humor" can be seen a mile away - again, contrary to the inevitability of bleak death! <br /> <br /> Back again to the image of "Pulling Heel", the main character, Tom, appears to repeat this work nonstop throughout his life. If there are already degrees of "pathetic", this sap may be just a few of the cracks before the other Schweimer role - the most famous. Finding himself in the awkward position of having to align public sympathy with a character even more "clueless" than Ross is certainly a difficult request even if he is "able" to perform a comedy like Schweimer, but I think he can find fault with himself for recording To get into some "echo" situations in a serious way in the first place. <br /> <br /> How can he escape his most famous portrayal if he chooses texts in which the letters can be "almost interchangeable", even if the positions do not exist? A man with a high school crush has long been on someone he has not seen in years. Looks familiar ...? Paltrow is nothing else, if not nice in its role, "Rachel", but all that stretches out on the old ground may be forgiven if the current salient differences are not identical as well. Unfortunately, the romantic element is very good, where the "threads" are inappropriate, and the "background" seems so inappropriate that it seems that the best way to describe the resulting film is that it is "severe" ...! 10/02.
