I am amazed at how much praise this film has given to other commentators. For me it was disappointing, especially since the set of historical facts, imagination, and inner turmoil of the main character does not work at all (in Vonnegut's Slaughterhouse Five and even in George Roy Hill's screen). Credibility is often burdensome. Many questions are left open. Have you missed some key points? Or have you failed to identify the lines that are supposed to link the points? <br /> <br /> A boy named Campbell Junior is growing up in New York State. At home his father has many technical trading papers and one book. They have pictures of their bodies. The boy is browsing the book, his father does not like to do so. What should I say to this? The family moves from New York State to Berlin. Explosion. It is 1938, the boy is a married man in Berlin and a playwright. What kind of plays do you write? In which language? Is it successful? His wife is represented and looks glamorous. The parents return to the United States and invite them to do the same. he did not do. why? Because of his background in Germany, he feels more German than American? Because it is successful? Because his wife is? Because he loves his life there? Because he likes the Nazis? Because he is just lazy and does not like change? do not ask me. <br /> <br /> Perhaps, a man who does not care, is not interested in politics, it is a kind of existential. He says he is in deep love with his wife. He talks about his second republic (meaning he and his wife). There is no evidence of his love for his wife in the film, but it seems to be one republic. <br /> <br /> At the request of US client Campbell Jr., he agrees to broadcast anti-Semitism, which the Nazis hate to publicize to American listeners as a device to transmit encrypted messages to US authorities reading between the lines. The crucial meeting with the agent on the Berlin Garden bench is short, unsympathetic and unpleasant, and the decision to play easily comes without any explanation, and it seems that the climb to the broadcasting body was apparently quiet and fast. <br /> <br /> So far we have Campbell Junior, offering himself on air as another free American. The scheme of sending out confidential messages is realistic and somewhat exciting - although one wonders what happened when Campbell, the son, actually and honestly had to cough, hiccup, etc. (messages must be terribly mixed). In any case, the Nazis are losing, the wife is dying (wandering the Crimea for German troops - I never heard such tours actually took place on the German front lines in World War II), Campbell says, Junior, he goes to the front Russian, but not gone, captured by an American soldier who knows his mugs (how to come?), Is dragged to a sightseeing tour in Auschwitz, and then released and resettled with the help of a crucial agent somewhere in New York City. <br /> <br /> This is where the story actually begins <br /> <br /> BANG. From now on resembles a short story Paul Auster. In 1961, Campbell, the son, lived in a New York home where he was mourning the loss of his wife. No one really cares - or not? Yes, somehow they do, and his neighbors offer a kind of distraction. Auschwitz Survivors. Painter. However, in the end, Campbell, the son of the Israeli consulate, demands that they give him the treatment of the "great criminal war" and put him in a position to A cell adjacent to Adolf Eichmann, writes the story of his life, and once you have done this task, hang himself on the typewriter straps without getting a little hotter. <br /> While I can see that there must be a problem with guilt and loss, I have the impression that the main character is the person who at all times is indifferent to I have found it difficult to sympathize with this loser who is lamenting his loss, and it is surprising that many reviewers are focusing on his status as a potential war hero, and his reputation has been put to the test in Last Free American. , But the e-film indicates that by accepting the mission, Campbell created a lucrative situation where he would become a politician on the safe side regardless of who won the war. <br /> <br /> One may argue that the entire story is a dreamlike fantasy and that no one should care about historical accuracy or logical evolution of the story that explains everything. But even so, it fails to clarify the point, in the first place, I think, because the love relationship in the Republic of Two lies entirely. This is unfortunate, especially if you think the wife played her role as Cheryl Lee, a talented, versatile and sensual actress. It has a lot of little screen time and is forced to use a silly German accent. Another aspect that has been ignored in one way or another is the different texts (recognition, transmission and hidden messages), but I think that is very unclear. Maybe I should give the book an opportunity.
