I laughed several times during this film. I laughed loudly while recording the delivery of the margarine. <br /> <br /> There are three clips in this movie. The first is supposed to be a parody of the films "Women" grow up and release her professional films. The Tampax® box was the most extreme thing in this part. Most team members are not listed here on IMDb. They are the lucky ones. Few people will be able to connect this thing by sabotaging their acting careers. <br /> <br /> The second part is a parody of a karish woman sleeping on her way to the top and dominating the films of the huge industry. Robert Kolb enjoys several funny moments, all physical humor, including the above-mentioned delivery. After the death of his character, sink the lower and lower with the Dominique Corsair rise higher and higher. By the time I became the first lady, I wanted to take the cable out of the TV and watch the "snow". I've switched to Pakistani music videos instead. I do not understand Urdu, or any language in which I have videos. It was still better to listen to the dialogue in this painful "boring story". <br /> <br /> Then came the word "Municipalians" with * big * stars, half of them on the screen for less than a minute: Elisha Cook, Jr., Christopher Lloyd, Rhea Perlman, Henny Youngman, Julie Cavner, Richard Widmark and .. Robbie Benson. It is interesting to see the old RTD buses, the Shell fuel station sign, and the saving mark. Nagursky made me "never stop anywhere you might have to get out of the car", smiled moments, and then discussed how boring the young cop was, back and forth about how boring he was. Nagurski's law number four, "Do not enter the music shop that has been snatched by the acetyl torch Yin ", made me think that the music store is a real work in the actual location that the sender gave him.That was thought of as more interesting than the preparation for the ensuing quantity.Young Falcone (Benson) gets a shot ... many become a tough cop like Nagorsky. It keeps going on relentlessly, no matter how many times you wish it to die, so this thing will end ... no longer go on and on ... then comes the episode "Buffy the Vampire Slayer "I've seen it four times already. Thank God! This deep film ended while I went to get the mail.
