If the term itself is not geographically meaningful, one may refer to "Ned Kelly" as "Western Australian." For people who fell under Ander, Ned Kelly seemed to be a national hero like Robin Hood, Jesse James, Bonnie, Clyde, Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid. Kelly, a descendant of Irish immigrants, became a fugitive and criminal after being falsely accused of shooting an Australian law officer, a crime that put his mother equally innocent in prison. To return to the government because of this ill-treatment, Kelly and his brother Dan and two other famous bank robbers became the hearts of many people in the countryside while they dealt a blow to justice in a land where Irish immigrants were treated with disrespect and contempt by those who run the country. <br /> <br /> Perhaps because we have encountered this "gentle bandit" scenario many times in the past, "Ned Kelly" feels very familiar and uneducated because he praises any number of stereotypes and clichés of this genre on their way to a confrontation that does not Discontinued. Ned is the typical violator of a gold heart that only kills when forced to do so, and even then, only with extreme regret. He also has the pulse of the ordinary people, as if, in the middle of a bank robbery, he returns a valuable hour to a client after one of his gangs has embezzled it. What movie about this particular subject did not witness such a scene? It is an eclectic act of generosity like this, of course, which is won by the love and respect of all the young people who secretly come to admire anyone who can escape the attachment to the existing forces and the status quo. Geoffrey Rush plays a peremptory legal executor who feels that he has a personal interest in bringing down this troubling problem that keeps away from tweaking the institution. There is even the inevitable episode in which one of the detained women goes to the next room and has sex with a thief, and then runs through a romantic criminal lifestyle. The film is full of intermittent scenes like this scene after another. <br /> <br /> Heath Ledger failed to distinguish himself in the role of title, and gave little in a fundamental way to make his character interesting or attractive. This does not help to force him to present an unmanned audio story that emphasizes holiness and addiction to both character and film. <br /> <br /> "Ned Kelly" may serve something of a kind in Australian history, but as an entertainment, it is just an old story recounted in different dialects.
