I had heard some bad things about cabin fever as far as I heard the cultural noise. As it turned out, the first movie from the new Impressario Elie Roth, it is just a great effort with low IQ as the film progresses. There are worse movies there, and certainly more witty movies (while I'm not sure how high the noise is in the number of blood at Hostel, there's a good amount of type fans here). The hypothesis is not necessarily bad either: the children go to the cabin for a week of parties, only to meet a very sick man, covered with blood, who set him on fire. He ends up dead in the water that feeds the tank, and all the characters soon surrender to the virus that eats the meat one way or the other. The characters, either the leading children of the college (including Rider Strong as a hero and James DiBello as a clumsy side bar) or the Village Village supporters are a starting point to the deadlock, if not very painful. <br /> <br /> As they meet their destinies, the townspeople become very strange, and apparently do not throw them together without much laughter; "Pancakes kid" does not come from anywhere, and may be more entertaining in another film or alone, but The context of the rest of the film, this does not work. There is also a young policewoman who is more stupid and less convincing than others. The family that follows Diblo after the accident has some unfulfilled possibilities. But all the time, Roth is pumping out his text with a good sense outside the window, frightening and frightening suddenly with people who break into each other's blood and walk around a killer dog. That's not all. Now, unlike the less terrifying Troma movies or even the films of the 1970s and 1980s - which I'm sure Roth is very fond of - does not make him inaccessible. It is also intelligent that there is no explanation of where the virus comes from. <br /> <br /> But unlike those films, he also has no good idea of ​​what makes terrifying times wonderful. His film tries to do it, of course, and only once or twice, making it a bloody bloody time (I loved the strong rabbit that Strong sees as strong while in the jurney). It has not been badly filmed much of the time (although it has its own harmonious pattern choices in red on the lens or story with the bowling alley factor). It simply contains a lot of illogical scenarios and choices made (shaving your legs with a killer virus, uh-huh), and aims at a fairly typical floor. If this is your cup of tea, you can get more strength. But in the end, I found that this type of land is not exceptional in fact does not offend the public at all, but does not swing the fence either as a clever film. Ruth also has the audacity to finish the film in a real note of "What the hell", where the writer of Santa Claus's bearded shop worked earlier in the film in a bunch of blacks. It can succeed if you follow it with something better, or drop it completely. The same can be said for much of the film. C-
