The cabin fever hypothesis begins as it may have something to offer. A group of college teens after the World Cup (in the fall?) Go to a resort cabin in the jungle where they are attacked one by one by a virus eating invisible flesh. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the first paragraph is where any distant elements of movie quality stop. Cabin Fever is a little more than college students looking for sex, wine, talking nonstop and seeing how many F bombs they can reach at 1:40 minutes or how long the mess is. Children behave and interact stupidly with everything around them. Someone finds out, for example, that the skin virus has hit her legs. What should she do? She keeps her legs shaved due to lack of proper medical attention to her wounds. The scene is a little more than just out. In another scene, Rider Strong of "Boy Meets World" was bitten by some of the kids who just said "pancakes" and liked to kick karate on those who sat next to him. If you can figure out why a baby inserts "pancakes", I would love to know. In any case, Rider puts a wild dog and goes to wash his hand, which is probably contaminated in a creek. Another child loves dropping F bombs in response to everything around him and releasing squirrels. why? Your guess is as good as me! <br /> <br /> Rider Strong is the only child who has any confession in this movie. Trying to calm people between yelling and yelling and F *** Y **! Bombs thrown by people. When children do not scream, they have sex, talk about it or talk nonsense with other adults, even more (if possible) stupid kids! A wacky cop with an IQ of 60 may be at best one of the worst acts I've ever seen in a movie. You talk about people who do not play on the deck completely, this turkey does not even know how to find the cards! Haha! You like, "Would you please shut up already ?!" He makes child actors look like geniuses! The only part I liked was the scary Rider story (despite being sinister) about the man of the bowling bow alley. In interviews, Ryder said he was highly respected by director Elie Roth. But the problem is that Mr. Roth looks like he goes into something more than a shock and a jerk. There are a lot of bad things about this film for Mr Roth to get any credit. I wish I would agree to Rider and find something beloved in this film. Maybe autumn scenery at first? In fact, Rider Strong JUST saves this movie from being 1! Hopefully, this was compensated for junk!
