I do not really know whether Cabin Fever is supposed to be a joke or a movie ... but as far as I know, it is much closer to being a joke than anything else. A few years ago, the community of horror filmmakers decided to take a new step and enjoy the genre, thus developing the Scream series. A list was presented in Scream, among all the stupid things that horror characters will do, and the characters in Scream can end up doing exactly the same things, which added a lot of humor and irony to this genre analysis, and led to the hope that horror movies from now Onward, there will be something quite different, either full of irony about this kind of irony, or self-mockery about the film itself, or at least different in its drama of all the "old" films that responded to the same tired standards. When you watch "Cabin Fever", unfortunately, many will see how some of the so-called "scary" movies that are so unusual, yet frightening, have become so far after a few years. First of all, this film lacks authenticity in a few ways. It has been said several times, how few horror directors today, are re-making new copies of foreign disciples, but putting the film in a cabin in the forest does not seem to be a "human being" of anything, it seems, simply, rupture. Anyone who wants to be surprised by other factors of the film's story will not be: Once again, we are dealing with the film of all his characters in the early twenties, who will not think rationally when they are facing a problem. Instead, argue for long hours and pick up fights instead of trying to think Do something about it. There is not much excitement there either. For the thousandth time in the horror film, they are tempted to kiss them, making love, and just fun, all kinds of things that do not really make them different from other victims of the horror film we've seen before. Second, this film is very dangerous. Every position in which the characters are present, each dialog box, every position in the film is dealt with seriously so that any viewer who has a little sense of irony will be relaxed when some characters end up in the end. Nothing in the way the film is directed, written or represented shows any sign of humor or irony, which is very amazing given that the film revolves around an invisible virus that was unheard of before eating meat (do not laugh please). I will not bring acting, since there are no actors in this film. The cast has certainly been appointed for being friends or neighbors with the director. Third, this will hit everyone who has seen a "good" horror film before, a completely empty script. Nothing happens real, some actions are repeated several times ("Let's try to get help!"), There is nothing logical about either the facts or the psychology of the characters, or even the last series of the funny film, Be funny according to the director and scriptwriter. In the end, I will only point out that the horror film is supposed to contain something scary. A gallon of fake blood, whether cured, flowing from broken limbs or simply dripping from wounds, was not enough to frighten an audience. Key features such as script, ideas and cruelty are asked for who claims to have shot something scary. If I did not think it was a complete failure, I agree that the film has one talent: it is disgusting to watch it. However, the feeling of fear and fear are quite different, so be known. <br /> <br /> I would encourage anyone curious or interested in seeing this film to check out the old horror movies first, why not from the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s, films by Wes Craven, Dario Argentino, Sam Remy, Stanley Kubrick and David Lynch Roger Korman, William Lustig and John Carpenter ... may not only provide a good definition of what is scary, or a cynical horror of himself, but also convince viewers that "new" is not necessarily "better". A good example of the film is the author of the few pieces Angelo Badalamenti presented to this film, although it is unambiguously close to his previous works, but it is less than anything he has ever done.
