Anyone who has read my assessment of "Alone in the Dark" from Uwe Boll will remember that I compared the indescribable task of sitting through that piece of human waste with every hair on your arm. Well, take this metaphor step by step through this irreplaceable trash can and try to imagine the pain of getting your teeth extracted without Novakin. Do that, and you'll have a general idea of ​​what Eli Roth's Cabin Fever is about. <br /> <br /> I never thought that any single film could have released the painful wreckage directed by Uwe Boll. As the worst film ever. But, honestly, I must say Cabin Fever is very close. This is another sad excuse for a mobile image that has no good reason to meet any form of theatrical version. For someone who claims to love this kind of horror as Elliott does, he has created one very troublesome and complex mixture of a film I think I've seen in my whole life. How do you solve a story like this? Think of the potential that this plot would have had without badly written characters, without bad writing, and without all this unnecessary and unusual comedy. There was supposed to be a film dealing with a high-eating virus and meat, and it should have been much better than Roth for us here. This script failed on many levels with me. Although I have no doubt about the clear talent of this director, I know that he is wasting a lot of time in the idea that could redefine the kind of horror. <br /> <br /> To say that this was the production of missed opportunities would in fact be a blatant play on words. Can not save a large amount of blood and disturbing special effects until you save it, this is one of the items that I usually go to. There was nothing about Cabin Fever that I would easily recommend to anyone. When three quarters of the audience comes out of the theater halfway, you learn that the movie is rapidly drowning. My advice to those who read this will simply be to rent before buying. One offer was more than enough for me to know that I most likely would not bother him again.
