Those of you, like me, who were disappointed by the original horror tirade in 1995, "The Fear" will find more disappointment in this silly little part. It follows a similar plot, but it is impossible to connect to the original, except for Morty, a wooden model. The following is a brief overview. <br /> <br /> After twenty years of watching Mike Hawthorne (Gordon Corey, in decent performance) his father brutally kills his mother and then takes his own life, Mike still suffers from fear of that day. In the hope of getting rid of his fear, Mike takes his girlfriend and a group of friends to his grandparents' house. His plan is to wear all the costumes that represent their fears, and then present these concerns to the fashion model Morty. According to an Indian friend, this process is supposed to pull one's fear in a magical way. What Mike does not know is that Morty has his father's spirit and starts killing friends ... Or is Mike himself killing? who cares? <br /> <br /> There are some problems with this movie. The first lies with Murthy. I thought the original make Morty look pretty convincing. This time, it is painfully clear that Mort is a man (actor John Fidel) wearing a fake suit. This can be especially observed in early scenes, where Morty is still supposed to be immaterial, but if you watch closely you can see it flashing. Another problem is that most characters do not try hard enough. Some of them, Betsey Palmer, Friday the 13th fame, which was excellent in this film. But most of them do not make the effort or have not had the chance. Finally, there are killings. The opening scenes involving ax killings were very convincing. In fact, when I saw them I thought I was in a good movie. When the second half of the film arrives, the killings really begin, everything falls on him. Deaths are either uncreated, invisible or predictable (profiles of the next scene because Currie has blackout). One character dies in the end and no one, including the bidder, even notices. While there was a need for further characterization in the first half, it was not too bad. The second half was. I think the new director Chris Engel got to this point and did not really know how to shoot the violent scenes, so they turned into a real dirty pedestrian. The silly end does not help either. So unless you really liked the original and enjoyed splinters from under your skin, you might have to skip "The Fear 2: Halloween Night". Zanathus score: 4 out of 10.
