Attack Force has a horrible title, and it can certainly be judged by its terrible cover, because the movie is terrible! The mash mix of plot lines, volatile chaos, and staggering stagnant pace makes it difficult to watch a movie from start to finish. I managed this and I am proud. As a fan of Seagal (most of his old days), it is painful to see him as a star in such a place. True Seagal has captured the last half of the movies or so much, but at least some of them have some redeeming features. The power of attack is chaos. From the idea to the delivery, this film has undergone many changes, from the exotic conspiracy line, to the current line about an addictive drug, about to be called Roman (the film contains several settings, none of them Romania, but all look like Romania because they In Romania!) The masses. The film is treated with little attention to any state was the original shooting scenario. There are a lot of holes and loose ends in the film. This was also a problem in the last few Sigal films, but the result was never dull. There is a whole plot line around the water supply that is poisoned using CTX (this is the name of brilliant drugs) that is never resolved! <br /> <br /> Of course, in recent years, the land was not the main draw in the Seagal law, so there was a great burden on other departments, especially the movement. Before I think about work, all other departments are poor. The trend is lousy, or perhaps better, designed to look bad. Who knows how director Michael Koch really intended this film? Between him and finishing his job, re-shot by trick man Tom Delmar, editing, lost a coherent vision auteur completely. The best way to describe the film is that it is around the shop! The cinematography is dull, and almost urges sleep, while droning (which seems to have been produced at less cost than cheap synthesizers) does nothing to stir things up. The actors are very poor, unable to save anything here. Seagal seems unduly bored, and the dubbing across a large part of the image is clearly marked when the earth's points change. Seems to be tired, overweight, and passive, as opposed to his view of previous images as well (remarkably, the above were major complaints in the recent Seagal images). The only cast member of Cast is Adam Croasdell as one of the bad guys who make Brit slimy protein. It seems to be a return to the strange plot line, because it is playing inhumanly. It looks like an intersection between a body snatcher and a vampire (even the main villain played by some hot chicks that sometimes appear, apparently waiting for her husband? Dracula). <br /> <br /> Finally. Well, he's poor. Poor perception, bad shooting. There is not much too, and there is less advantage than Seagal. Stevo does not come out real double here, because there is not much to do. So that there is a long (repetitive and tedious) clock scene scene, which overlaps occasionally with little of the Seagal position flashes because it is clear that Seagal was not there while filming the scene and wanted to have an edge in the motion scene. Segal eventually appeared personally to shoot two young men in the head. Seagal has credit for the producers here and scenario credit, but I understand that the film has been changed behind its back to its current state. It seems that Seagal will not work with these people again, or with Castel Studio who continues to deliver an awesome picture without a picture (say something), material. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a way to avoid them if you are not a fan of Seagal. Seagal lovers can also be sure that the big guy may not want to do anything bad again. Unfortunately, his next film, which has already been filmed, with the same people, promises to be worse. *
