I hired this because I was a little tired of NBC programs in the 1980s, and I seem to have saved myself a lot of money. I have nothing against any of the actors and they are credited for doing a good job but this offer is flawed from the premise. <br /> <br /> We have an unwanted character. It is full of flaws, not enlightened, and full shiver on a good day. However, the reason why anyone should just care is not there. While the creation of the American sitcom centered around full-length jackets is revolutionary and full of potential, it is not here in this show. Most of the supporting characters are not entirely crystal letters, but sad perforation bags want the sympathy of the audience for punching. As in any sitcom, they are the ones who have made the most natural for the audience to relate to, so they do deny that character leads to the degree that Bittinger sees himself and hurts people and just stay there for .... Why A? There is no reason. Any ordinary person may simply leave an assault. Keeping them there for no real reason - even the truly incredible reason given by Joanna Cassidy in the two-part abortion ring with its own big problems - is where the show falls apart. Just believing that people have been exposed to this man because we are told that he has a heart of gold is not in line with the reality of the situation. If anything, this is not even a drama. This is a bad hypothesis of planning, visualization and implementation that has passed a few moments but generally faced the fate it deserves. Someone had the courage to come out and make a very good idea, but the execution is so random that it sounds like a strangely scripted version of Jerry Springer's show where someone is abused by this tyrant who is supposed to be excused because we were told to. Such a presentation requires a smart touch that actors here can easily provide, but somehow they can not. This is a fatal mistake that has really killed the program. <br /> <br /> Make it up to a show at its beginning. Regardless, the display is worth watching. But it was very frustrating when trying to target the stars, making the whole project not as it could have been.
