The film "Dark Floors" is the most expensive film in Finnish history, so far, it is a horror film with the story of the very Lincian tells an increasing series of "decks" increasingly diminishing in an abandoned hospital, where our heroes are trapped. An autistic daughter and her father, who was unhappy with the hospitals because of the apparent lack of medical progress with his daughter, lead his way to an elevator discussing the issue with a hospital nurse. Accompanied by a security guard, a businessman and a homeless person, the complex suddenly finds itself abandoned, but not alone. Directed by the Finnish-born House of Risk, best known for his television work, "Dark Floors" was filmed in English, using key English actors, but included a prominent feature in the most famous "Lordi" group in Finland (winners of the 2006 European Song Contest) Themselves, that is, in their wild fashion on stage, like the opponents of the movies, however, production fails in all this razzmatazz where it is desperately needed, in convincing the audience. <br /> <br /> Any film that uses its main character that the phrase "it is very calm" is already heading to a dubious path, and this spiritual influence influenced by Lordi does not break that agreement. Despite all the good ideas put forward in this mix, there are a few mature cliches along with the worst of all, anything that is interesting in an original way that is not sufficiently reflected to resonate. The concept of degrading flooring at first is ominous and provides a sense of inevitable pain because the public realizes that people trapped in the hospital must move further into the swamp. However, there is not enough atmosphere to frighten and frighten the masses in an unknown fear. The viewer realizes that the journey will become more dangerous, as levels deteriorate from brilliant white to infernal black, but I do not think the characters realize enough of this fact because they threaten. Also, the entire film that happens in its own time bubble is a very nice touch, a concept that is not often used in this kind of horror, but the characters do not face the situation with fear and fear when this fact stumbles, they continue their work very easily and without sufficient real interest in the idea To mean anything to the public. These good ideas are left at first to be lost, as if the director and / or Mr. Lordi (who had many ideas used in the film) had these ideas, but could not agree or decide how best to use them. In this way lose its purpose and point. <br /> <br /> Despite all this frustration, there are a lot of comedy, but not for the reasons the innovators hoped for. Lots of cliches, lots of recycled materials and lots of them just silly. While Noa Huntley acts in the lead in an amicable manner, the characters are just cardboard scraps pasted into the story from other films. We have a leading man who is doing his best to protect his daughter alongside a well-developed love interest. When accompanied by the "couple", we have a traditional symbolic black man as a very explosive security guard, with an infinite clip approaching for his mistress, and an unfaithful businessman always looking only for himself. Worst of all, unfortunately, is to present the Lord's crew as the creatures of the night that torment our roving group of the good, but not for them who show themselves. What makes the horror film scary for the audience is to put the viewer's fear context. "Shining" is scary because it is a member of your family chasing you, in the "dawn of the dead" is our fear of each other and primitive eating and the irrational patterns of thought possessed by the zombie, in the "alien" is explained fear, the creature is rational and in the "dark floors" This. It may be unfair to compare this production with such artifacts, but when it does it it appears to be greatly diminished and the aggressors feel nothing more than the deceptive Klingons where you can see the zip code of the fashion they wear, without accumulating any "Lordi" atmosphere Scary. <br /> <br /> It's outrageous because we all encourage retarded people and hope they are doing well, and want smaller products to say they can create the same quality of Hollywood movie as they did in the same way that George Romero started, Not always realized. I enjoyed the film and did not feel as if I had wasted the 90 minutes that just sat, but I felt pleasure at a hollow level just as if something had happened or had an effect in my feeling or not emotional or dangerous. I felt that the story of Linchian almost was a prominent starting point, but it largely fades away. Why did this happen? what do you mean? Do they go to all this again? Without even a clue as to what will happen, the film is simply puzzling in order to try to be an ardent artist. Was the entire sequence of events true or just a dream sequence? Did the autistic girl watch the European Song Contest in 2006 and simply had a very strange nightmare given the pressure she was subjected to? Who do you know? Unfortunately I failed to even work energy to take care of even. "Dark Floors" is an outrageous experience while the shallow markings end up at least showing a large number of creative energies from Mr. Lourdes, who probably should be looking at solo work to develop his ideas fully. It's something that fans of the group or genre should follow, but they will leave you feeling left in trouble because there is not enough light on the situation.
