Well, in terms of credit (if one could say that), Timothy Hines DID can capture the original setting of H.G. Wells wonderful. But otherwise - well, if you know spade things - they suck up the big time. What Mr. Ed Wood can do with the alleged $ 20 million budget! Timothy Heinz really makes Mr. Wood, who was a flawed genius anyway, seem to be the best film director of all. Special effects (I think you call them) are not even computer game standards. Acting, well, maybe about the dinner theater, the dialects are awful. At the risk of offensive sounding, many of the behaviors of the main male characters are (especially Poor Ogilvy), well, ahem ,. . . GAY! Poor Ogilvy manipulates and produces fake English countryside, waving his white asbestos handkerchief as if it were a heat-resistant shield. Hello, Stormtroopers in Star Wars had very elegant white shields, but it did not work either, but they are still exploding. Even when Ogilvy & Co. fade away from the "heat of the Mars rays" (?), They rush into a strange dance, even when they are theoretically dead and transformed into skeletons, which continue to dance and deer inappropriately. Timothy Heinz may have hired Harry Hahnhausen's skeletons and was left behind by Jason and the Argonauts. Or was she "nutty and pussy"? I do not know. The soldiers seem to be exploding unconvincing, as they are supposed to be soldiers, like the soldier on crutches and his unfortunate companions carrying a stretcher outside. Wonderful! loved it! But "all the soldiers" appeared to be either fascist soldiers of the Spanish Civil War or Pu'er Commandos (which would be fairly correct during this period.) Perhaps that was a bit of subtle ingenuity by that evil genius Heinz? Curiously, the character of Curate looks exactly as if it were drawn in the original illustrations of Warwick Goble, and it turns into the most compelling function of acting. Oh ya. Do not forget the baby thunder. In the book, the warship is described as an iron torpedo capsule. It was a way to enemy ships RAM. However, the arch collapsed after the tinker-toy Martian war machines, with a small serrated hole in the foreground, crashed and then sank. A thunderous warship like THUNDERCHILD hit the TITANIC and survived, but I think the Royal Navy was bound by the same restrictions as our army. The costumes are all wrong, especially the British Army uniforms and police, mostly coiled by the USMC Alphas band. It is clear that Timbo, in a clear tribute to Western Films Of Yore, put his film in Wild Western England, because all his passengers use Western saddles. The dialects used by almost everyone seem to be a combination of the Scottish regional dialect used by Clan Macabre, and magically delicious Irish dialects from Malarky County. On the credit side, contrary to what one reviewer wrote, the real intrinsic advantage of this thing is artillery. The guns are not part of the civil war, but it seems to me to work and look like the nine or ten British Rifled Breach Loaders, which are perfectly authentic for this period. The ammunition used was also displayed. But the gunman, a driver in the horse's artillery, did not appear properly as he drove his soft car. You do not sit on the deadly wooden box and lead a team of weapons, but will ride the horses of the nearby wheels. The opening, using what I believe to be original clips for periods of time, is OK, and the result is not bad. However, to my knowledge, Weybridge never remained underground, and certainly did not happen in 1898. <br /> <br /> But I grew up reading this novel, I am very disappointed. Even more disappointed then I was in Spielberg's zillion dollars, special effects laden version. His novel may have benefited by replacing Anthony with a statement by Tom Cruise, and vice versa. I have a lot to say, but I will leave it now: I hope someone will make a good copy of the "World War" that meets the original. Timmy's vision is good for a high school movie, or maybe I should say stupid to a college-level film student, and about bad, which is the best I can say about this thing, but that's about it. Oh ya. Just where did the budget go? What happened to Michael Kane? I would like to hear his comments! I have an insidious suspicion that Timbo's stunning "Orson Wood" masterpiece may be the astounding exit ticket to stardom, because I have to admit guilty pleasure in watching this film, which I did not "pay for anyway, but It was deliberately sent to me by a friend who copied a copy of the DVD for me without any malicious intent I could add here I should add here that I thought the Blackmoon Madbalij and Short version was not only a great improvement, it was fun and humorously funny I have a hard time watching Master Timbo after Blackmoon. Especially from "DUNE", now she's waiting for a master's hand like you! And all you're headupyourass snobs who hated Cloverfeld? Forget it ... Tembo can not be an artist for Hilary's leadership Hey, get a life! I'm joking you do not!
