Lourdes was a top fan in 2007 because they won the European Song Contest with a heavy metal song called "Hard Rock Hallelujah" and appeared on stage dressed as a hideous monster. But, let's face it, their win probably had something to do with their great musical talent. The Eurovision contest has gradually become a major political circus over the years, and Rudy may have won because their song made a minor change and ?? Most importantly - because their whole behavior is a kind of genius deception in the entire annual event. The final thing that the first horror film (and last hope) brings in Lordy is change and creativity. "Dark Floors", based on the idea of ​​the lead singer and starring the rest of the band in supportive roles, is the accumulation of unimaginable and hopeless cliches. Certainly, the huge budget ("Dark Roles" is the most expensive Finnish film ever made) contains very impressive pieces and impressive make-up art, but what is the point where there is no story worth telling? The film is in a crowded hospital where a group of people, including a father and his young daughter with an unknown disease, are caught in the elevator during a power outage. When the doors open again, the floors are empty and the hospital seems to have been abandoned for many years already. In an attempt to reach the exit, the group stumbled upon many obsessive and inexplicable obstacles, such as bodies with no eyes, ghosts of screaming and heavy metal monsters emerging from the floors. The only three points I distribute on Dark Floors are exclusively for the scene and build the right tension during the first half of the film. As long as evil events need no explanation, the atmosphere is completely creepy, but once you realize that the interpretation will be (very stupid or b) never comes, the journalist breaks down just like an unstable set of leaves. Lordi's fashion was never scary (except perhaps for traditional Eurovision fans), and in conjunction with a story like the Asian ghosts, it looks pathetic and pathetic. With all the national legends and truly unique outdoor photography sites, you always assume that Finland is always? Land of a lake? It will be a breeding ground for terrifying horror stories, but I think this is another disappointment on my account.
