I have just lost three hours of my life because of this farce, and I can honestly say that I feel I have been violated. I had read the reviews and heard the warnings, and I thought I was prepared for anything - at best I thought, a sincere attempt (if misleading) to make an original adjustment; at worst, Plan 9 is very good for the new millennium. So when I was able to pick up a copy at Walmart while in Florida and return it to the UK, I joked with my friends "Get ready for the worst movie ever produced!" Oh, harsh Karma. There is absolutely nothing to recommend this film. The "special" effects look like a student's design work in the first year using Spectrum ZX81. The representation is terrible, the accents worse than the awful (the tone of an artillery man seems to take us on a tour of the British Isles, from Scotland to Wales via Northern Ireland), the dialogue is cumbersome, the editing does not exist, the production values ​​prove that no account has been used. Words can not really describe how bad this film is; from the science of the Union flying from CGI'd Thunderchild to the Terrible (the Royal Navy flying the white flag, not the Union banner) to the Woodworm Actress, it is simply a crime against the film industry. When you think of some of the literally zero-budget fan films available on the Internet (for example, "Star Wars Short" forces, for example), the "We're Enthusiastic Enthusiasts" argument goes straight out the window. Hines on the Pendragon site, this film has an 8-digit budget! I can only assume that dodgy facial hair is not cheap in the US Perhaps the problem is that Hines & Co tried to produce a movie from the book, instead of turning the book into a movie ( If this is logical.) Characters and additions are unique in a literal text without attempting to convey feelings behind Paradoxically, the only person who came close to delivering a decent performance was Darlene Sellers, the former soft porn actress ... My advice is like crazy that Jeff Wayne does not screw up, and go see the Spielberg version.It may not be true in the text of the book, but I can say this Perhaps as a lifelong fan of HG Wells (and an Englishman too), the film Speilbergs is true to the spirit of the book: It may have been wrong for me to be allowed to move this beast to the country, but I will say this: Timothy Heinz stole three hours of my life and wanted them.
