One of the weakest adventurers in Carrie-On sees that Mr. James is the head of a crime ring that steals birth control pills. The fourth of the series to be hospital-based, probably less of this type. There is a strangely flat feeling all the time, with all the things dissipating seemingly substandard. This is far from the late 1970s, but Williams, James, Breslau, Maynard et al. All the performers for the semester have not yet received support for a scenario equal to their ability. <br /> <br /> Most of the gags stand out, rather than the spin-off, as usually happens in Carry Ons. So instead of traditional success and death rate, if you do not find funny humor in the first place, you're stuck with most movies. These plots include conspiracy plot Williams? Not for good reason ?? The concern is that he changes sex, Kenneth and Kobe in the clouds. Like Pratt's stunning physical fall, the whole thing feels more disturbing than other films, and lacks attention. Continuing this appearance, Matron lacks the usual formatting and ambiguous coordination, and largely chooses the characterization and the result to provide humor. In fact, the somewhat childish chain of hard-line misunderstandings and coercive circumstances remind us of Terry and Junio ​​... so it is fitting that Terry Scott is present and clashing uselessly all the time. <br /> <br /> Some exchanges in the dialogue have a bit of old magic, like this between Scott and Cobb: "What about a small drink?" "Oh, no, no, I did not touch her." "Oh, the cigarettes then?" "No, I never touched them." "This leaves only one thing to offer you." "I do not touch that either." However, while a funny man himself (activating the tedious episodes of Randall and Hopkirk), you feel that a cup has not been largely exploited in the simulation of Self-Autobiography. Bresslaw wearing a nurse costume would be more entertaining. This is already happening, in part, although it is only within the last fifteen minutes. <br /> <br /> Williams' attempt to seduce Jack Hattie while Charles Hautry is hiding in a closet is a farce of drawers room, but he lacks the irony to do it off. However, Williams' description of prenuptial relationships is priceless: "You do not just go to the store and buy enough for the whole room, you tear yourself out of a small bar and try it first!" "It may be," Jack objects, "but you will not hang me on the wall." Williams really shows up with Hattie, and you can not be too bored to hear a whistle when someone accidentally flashes his way. <br /> <br /> Carry On Matron is not a bad movie in any way, just one swamp swamp.
