I watched this movie version from RD. Blackmore Classic as an alternative to the 2001 version of A & E in the video. What is the bad alternative that proved to be !!!! <br /> <br /> This version does not contain the original side, and like me, I'm from A & E. The actors, mostly, wooden (with the exception of Sean Bean) seem to be "romantic" emboldened and thriving. In fact, there is no kissing until the end of the movie !!!! The triangle between John Ridd, Lorna Doone (or Lady Lorna Dugal, whichever you prefer) and the evil Carver Doone is not mentioned or expanded. We do not take a hard look at Carver here, or why he has some (if any) romantic Lorna feelings. This film draws many of the main characters of the novel, such as Counselor Don, and the youngest sister of John Lizzie with a sharp tongue that was crucial to this plot. The scenario itself lacked conviction. The political plot also does not appear in the scenario. The way Lorna appeared with Doones is not true in the original story. Now, do not get me wrong, Clive Owen is a handsome and gifted actor (see Gosford Park and King Arthur to make sure he is healthy) but at the same time he is showing a graceful attitude and a long hair (maybe a bad wig) does not suit him !!!! Polly Walker is a beautiful and distinct actress (see Enchanted April and Patriot Games, where she also sang with Sean Bean), but she looks colorless and dull. Have a cold sore in her lip can not disappear make-up, fashion does not look real. Robert Stevens played a respectful role as Ensor Doone, although he only refers to Lorna as his favorite rather than his granddaughter, which is best known for being in the book. Also, it seems to me Owen Walker is too old for their roles (maybe make-up) and the scene is brown, cool, gray and bare, without much hint of sunny skies. I understand it is located in southwest England, but it is green and there they get the sunshine !!! The portrayal of Tom Vagos' character and his "death", which does not occur in the novel, lessens the film. The only positive observation is Sean Penn's performance as Carver. Although he does not even come close to matching Aidan Gillen's portrayal of A & E, Bean makes one evil. In short, watch this only if you have a few hours to kill it, but do not expect anything exciting or true in the novel. See any other version (but I highly recommend A & E) for this tedious adjustment.
