Admittedly, I did not have high expectations of "Corky Romano". But again, who did? However, I felt it was worth taking advantage of the doubt. I had no great hope in Joe Dirt either - another recent comedy starring SNL team member - and I ended up pleasantly surprised. But this film is as bad as it seems in the previews. Chris Kattan is actually a talented comedy actor - unlike what you might think after watching this movie - with great energy. I've been in many of the fun plays in the SNL, and I think it's one of the most talented team members famous in the SNL so far. In this case, he got a useless script, trying to cure every scene through ongoing robberies. In every scene, Larry Lewis tries to lame and fails miserably. Jerry Lewis knew how to get rid of this kind of physical comedy, not to mention that he was working with much better writing. Catan simply looks like an ignorant idiot with attention deficit disorder and hyperactivity that had too many latte coffees. He does not wait until the punchline. Suppose we all laugh once he starts jumping like a monkey on the crack. In one scene, he ended up in a dog-drawn game with a bunch of cocaine in his mouth. The bomb explodes and cocaine is scattered over it. He returned to work, addicted to coke. Now, how are you supposed to laugh at the fact that he is acting overly and at the edge of the abyss, when he does the same thing throughout the film? <br /> <br /> For the rest of the cast ... Vanessa Shaw is too hot, Peter Berg is missing a recalcitrant role as well as Chris Benn. Peter Falk is also lost, although he has some ridiculous lines that I'm sure he's wearing. I hope Falek gets a decent movie someday. This lot of talent gets lost a lot of attention like "Corky Romano". I did not like the last Falk movie "Made" all that too, but at least it had a decent role. <br /> <br /> I laughed again and again, but I could not get a single laugh. Each gap is performed without any sense of timing or delivery. The situation has worsened because of the deadly representation in Katan. There are some gags that are dragged smoothly. For example, when a cat is about to be irritated in the faces of his two brothers. He stands there for two minutes or 3 minutes, trying to get out of the fart, and when he finally does, she is too small. This is bad enough when you have a funny gag and pull it out, but when you have a lame gap and drive it out, the hell is much worse. Another example is when he tries to translate what these two Asian men are saying through a drug statue. I can continue to talk about the error in this alleged comedy, but I will not waste my time. As I said earlier, if you predicted bad things from trailers - I expected it correctly <br /> <br /> Result: 3 (out of 10)
