Why is this movie so bad? Well, if it's annoying and annoying, it's the movie. The character of Corky Romano is unpopular at best and irritates the worst. Gags are predictable but this is not what makes them bad. It's a kind of lame joke that your deceptive friend can say. <br /> <br /> The events of Corky Romano take place with a mild gentle veterinarian trying to do what is right but very clumsy. His quiet life is thrown into a ring when the family he once refused to infiltrate the FBI to destroy any trace of the history of the family crime. However, it was not easy for Corky because the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) thinks he is an excellent client and links him to spying on his family. This is followed by chaos and damage, but in reality it does not resemble any comic. Corky ends up loving with his beautiful FBI partner and has to set the record with both the FII and his family if he wants to settle into a quiet life again. <br /> <br /> I think what makes this movie outrage is both the main actor and the supposed jokes. Chris Kattan reveals his troubling boundaries, such as the actor and actor here, where his one-tone stinging routine falls about 10 minutes from the film. It's OK to get a full movie based solely on dumb humor and slap. Will Ferrell, Kattan's partner at SLL, seems to have made his career full. The only difference between Qattan and Filar is that Ferrell knows when to be caught and rely on other ways to tell jokes. There is no variation in the rattan routine. It's hard to hear the same joke twice, but for the whole film it's just pure torture. <br /> <br /> The other problem in the film was the lack of original jokes and really funny. The gay mafia brother, awkward man, and a lot of other forgetful jokes do not seem as funny as the first time you barely laugh at them. It seems as if the script writers have had more fun writing this than anyone who has seen it. Even with actors with some comedic talent (Chris Benn, Peter Volk), the jokes seemed tired. There is no chemistry either. It is clear that this film was one of the pocketbooks of the actors. It does not seem that anyone cares about it, or even tries. The sad thing is, no one said Chris Kattan it.
