Although I heard that "Cama de Gato" was the worst Brazilian film in the decade, I saw it giving him a chance; after all, the director / producer / writer first made Alexander Stokler make his first appearance (shot in the video) for $ 4000 Only American - and although it looks cheaper - I can not begin to imagine all that he has endured to show in the theaters without the presence of sponsors or large production companies behind him (and then I saw that I realized why). But whatever opportunities you wish to give to Cama de Gato, it shrinks to zero within 10 minutes: it is an incredible, lengthy, ideologically intolerant and technologically disastrous attempt to portray the young middle class of Brazil as a group of corrupt neo-Nazis being addicted to Bad sex, drugs and violence (they were designed to look like close homosexuals too), are made without any visible impact of talent, imagination, experience or the idea of ​​structure. Visually and audibly, you remember the worst things for amateurs that you can find on YouTube - here only NINETY TWO (minutes) of hysteria and savvy that do not soften, which is not very funny. <br /> <br /> All of us have seen the story before: young people want boredom to have fun, go to parties, drug abuse, and everything is fine - there is mass rape, beating, killing, accidental death (fall of the stairs !! ) The mother of one of the boys, culminating with the boys who decided to burn the bodies of the girl and the mother in the landfill. Ethical garbage and craft, get it? The film is heavily influenced by Larry Clark (especially "Kids" and "Bully"), but Clark's films - though they are both moral and sexual - are high-level works of art compared to this folly. <br /> <br /> Do not think there was such a monotonous motive at all in a film director to keep his thoughts in the audience's throat: Stockler grabs us on the collars and tries to force his morals, which does not depend on our brains through repetition and exhaustion - you get numb With a lot of rave, yelling, incompetent direction, a fragile camera and terrible representation happening. Stockler does not care about anything technical (image quality, framing, sound recording, audio, dialogue, groups, editing, etc. is uniformly horrific), but he is obsessed with narcissistic control: he expects the criticisms he commits to get added subtitles with smartie / cutie, and hanging heroes at some point in the long run and fake (all that is related to it). <br /> <br /> Despite his paranoid ambitions, Stockler seems unable to give us the slightest visual structure or narrative - he can not even decide whether he wants bold realism (hand-held camcorder, etc.) Or method (repeat scenes, alternate alternate use, etc.). Curse, he can not even decide where to put his camera (there is a use of the self-camera for three threads)! The dialogue contains some of the most vulgar rhetoric ever; the plot is simply to justify the deep hatred of the director for his characters and what they represent. All you see is that a cinematic director hates hate, preaching, condemning and taking the spirits without taking advantage of the minimum (or technical) talent to go with her. <br /> <br /> It is very frustrating to find Cayo Platt in this mess. Certainly one of the most promising young actors in Brazil, where his soft puppy dog ​​and emotional sensitivity that Sal Maino often remembers, Blat can be very effective under good guidance (as in "Carandiru", "Lavoura Arcaica" , "Proibido Proibir"). Here, he is told to outperform the summit and has to play with some of the most "actors" who lack the embarrassment of modern memory. It also enters into a risky world for scenes of graphic sex exploitation (which looks very brave like pornographic webcam). <br /> <br /> The film begins and ends with real interviews with middle-class "usual" young people? Stockler wants us to take those interviews as "evidence" of what he is trying to preach in fiction. But despises blatantly and ridicules those who meet them, and chooses to shed light on the abhorrent, racist, sexual and stupid statements (which only show the loafers everywhere). Stockler wants to prove that young middle class Brazilians are all fascists present or future because they are middle class and they enjoy recreational drugs (does he say that all new fascists are drug abusers, or does drugs improve fascist behavior? <br /> <br /> Given Cama de Gato's self-punishment of self-autonomy and the causative and boring way of mind, it is harmful to more than 1,000 causes, but primarily harmful in a very malicious way: Critics of Brazilian cinema are strong argument. "Cama de Gato" is better than unobserved, unmentioned, buried and forgotten.
