A careful review of the nuremberg should look at the door to history inadvertently opening up with the film "Valkyrie" (Tom Cruise). Valkyrie (2008) recently told the world that there was German resistance during the Second World War. It was professionally organized with bureaucrats, generals, soldiers and civilians who tried to overthrow the Nazi political system, install a new adviser, obtain peace, and close the concentration camps. However, these anonymous heroes did not receive any help at all from the allies who helped the French resistance in the neighborhood. Historians have used an institutional agenda since then to hide the allied evil that has cost tens of millions of lives with every person conditioned to believe that deception was absolutely supportive of the Nazis for the Nazis and thus deserved the genocide of a 24-hour bombardment and "unconditional surrender." Which was imposed on the Germans. <br /> <br /> The symbols of the German puzzle were broken by English scientists in 1943 and much of what the Germans were doing was known. During 1943, the Germans developed new jet aircraft and bombers from companies including Arado, Heinkel and Messerschmitt. However, even if the Nazis were eliminated and the German resistance succeeded, the Allies would not allow any democracy in the world to have jet fighters, jet bombers, high-speed submarines, ballistic missiles and radio-guided missiles without the United States getting it first! This is the right place for the institutional agenda. Thus, the German resistance did not get any help from allies, although they always had crucial intelligence to eliminate Adolf Hitler. The July 20, 1944 coup was proof that the Germans had made great efforts to achieve peace. Instead, the Germans received warnings of "unconditional surrender" and a 24-hour saturation bomb in a program to avoid peace. The Allies wanted to steal the greatest technology and scientists in the world from the Germans and to contain the entire property through "unconditional surrender." It was the Allied agenda to allow the war to perpetuate and keep the Nazis in power to justify the 24-hour bombing, but it took a year and a day before the Allied armies advanced to Germany to steal the greatest technology and scientists in the world. Of a rifle. However, tens of millions of people have died since the Allies abandoned German resistance because of their greed. <br /> <br /> The Allies imposed an "unconditional surrender" to the Germans as a pretext to complete ownership and control of property and the German government, without the use of the German resistance to overthrow the Nazis. The Allies wanted to steal the greatest technology and scientists from the Germans to achieve technological excellence in the world. Thus, everything else ranked second in the evil alliance agenda that killed millions of Germans in a 24-hour bombing; the concentration camps remained open; the war was long-lasting and led to the "cold war" with weapons based on German industrial achievements, technology, Germans in World War II. <br /> <br /> The Nuremberg war crimes trials in 1946 were a conspiracy to deceive relations and mass murder committed by the Allies as a counter-justice to the Nazis. It was a smoke screen to hide the agenda of evil and greed allied to global technological superiority rather than helping the German resistance overthrow the Nazi political system. <br /> <br /> Tens of millions of people died because the Allies gave up the German resistance to an agenda but retaliated against the German chiefs of staff, who in any event paid their lives in war crimes in Nuremberg, even though the Allies committed genocide To achieve global technological excellence.
