I got the word "right" in the title of this movie on ringing alarm bells. They chanted louder when the title card referred to the American Civil War as "the war between the states" (the favorite trick of fanatical southerners). Jesse James - the thief, the owner and murderer - is described as a quiet and gentle boy on the farm. <br /> <br /> How shameful is this film? There is no mention of slavery, far less than the documented fact that poor Jesse James' mother owned the slaves before the war, and that Jesse and his brother Frank fought actively to maintain slavery. According to this film, all civil war soldiers were really fighting to determine whether Missouri was a northern state or a southern state ... that's all. (It's a mint! It's a breath of grace!) The blacks are completely absent from this film, with the exception of two glimpses of a pair of beggars, one wearing the HELP THE POOR tag, which is printed improbably instead of in handwriting. (Some of the 19th century papers are very inaccurate, with lines from the twentieth century). <br /> <br /> This movie contains a strange flash memory structure. There are some very impressive stunt riding (and some fine work by stunt horses), and an excellent montage. I enjoyed one line of conversation: "Some of these boys will never taste beans." The film gets some facts directly: Agnes Morehead, as Jesse's mother, hides her right arm in the backstage following a raid by Pinkerton's clients (where Remington's mother) suffered realism from injuries requiring amputation from her lower arm. Some of the mistakes here are amenable: during his beating days, the real Jesse James accidentally kicked off part of his middle-middle finger, but Robert Wagner (in a starring role here) has no irony. I saw a picture of Jesse James' real wife; if she looked half as glamorous as Hope Lang in this film, Jesse James might have stayed at home more than that. <br /> <br /> There is a lot of revisionism here, and most male actors wear hairstyles in the 1950s. But many of the mistakes of this film were avoided. The guide Jesse James William Quantail was mentioned several times, but all actors misnamed his name. Jesse and his wife are moving into a two-story house (where he will soon die) after paying a $ 18 rent. In fact, the last residence of Jesse James (at 1318 Lafayette Street in St. Joseph, Missouri) was a simple one-story country house, which rents $ 14. There was no upper floor ... So, when Jesse James was killed, his wife could not escape upstairs as Hope Lang did here. (It was actually in the kitchen.) <br /> <br /> There is one continuous error: Robert Wagner (without a double trick) does an impressive job taking an alloy in the jaw and falling while his hands are tied behind him. Back ... But when he wakes up, the rope that connects his wrists disappears. <br /> <br /> The script depicts some strange and unnecessary dates. After trying to rob Northfield, Jesse says he expects to return home by his birthday. Northfield Bank's actual raid was by James Gang (September 7, 1876) two days after the birthday of Jesse James. (Probably meant birthday next year). Later, we see Jesse and his wife moving to their home in St. Joseph on a good summer day, while Jesse tells her what he intends to do when he arrives on Christmas Eve ... But in real life, Mr. and Mrs. Jesse James moved to that house on December 24, 1881 ... so this scene must be Christmas Eve! These errors were completely avoided. <br /> <br /> Some fantasy ideas here are illogical. According to this film, Northfield's raid failed because one of the (fictional) followers was missing the telegraph wire. If this has already happened, it will actually impede the escape of James Gang ... but it will not affect the theft itself, which has failed for other reasons. <br /> <br /> There are good performances of Jeffrey Hunter (as Frank James), Moorehead, Alan Hill Jnr (as Cole Junger) and theater actress Marianne Sildes in a rare screen role. I was disappointed by Robert Wagner, who is usually a lesser representative of the rating. Elsewhere, Wagner proved his impressive collection by portraying convincingly the heroes, villains, and morally ambiguous characters. Here, he does not seem to decide whether to portray Jesse James as a Cody or a Wicked ... so he does not bother me much. John Carradine telephoned in a short role as an eccentric preacher from Jesse and his wife at their wedding. In fact, Uncle Jesse James was in his childhood by his uncle, the Methodist minister ... but this baptism may be the second of the most important elements. <br /> <br /> Jesse James was not Robin Hood. (I doubt that Robin Hood was Robin Hood too, but that's another story.) There is no single documented instance of Jesse James involved in his loot with anyone outside his family. After some of his comments, he did not even divide the booty with the rest of his gang. In this film, Jesse is shot directly after he has vowed to give up bandits for good. In fact, the night before his death, Jesse James and the Ford brothers stole horses that Jesse planned to use the next day in a robbery on Platt City Bank. As the preparation of most of his robberies, Jesse James stole horses from local farmers ... the same poor folk who (in inaccurate myths) were supposed to be the beneficiaries of his happiness. I've stumbled into one scene here, where Jesse James has been so fantastically improved that he does not approve of oil paintings depicting naked taste. <br /> <br /> "Jesse's real story (not too much!) James' dishonest about the thief's murderer, and equally dishonest about the civil war ... For the impressive work, the good montage and some good roles, I will classify this scandalous film Unnatural 2 out of 10.
