"The Real Story of Jesse James" for Fox (1957) is a very bad remake of a classic widescreen of her famous classic Tyrone Bauer / Henry Fonda classic Jesse James in 1939. I'm not sure where the error lies, but surely the mistake in this release Of the two main characters, the unequal direction of Nicholas Ray and the scenario with the grip of pork has nothing to do with it. <br /> <br /> In the late 1930s and 1940s, Tyrone Bauer was the best man in the Fox team, but in the 1950s his star began to fade and studio chief Darrell Zanook began preparing Robert Wagner for the newcomer to replace him. This was a big mistake on the part of Zanuck, where Wagner proved to be less than a suitable replacement. With possible exceptions from "Broken Lance" (1954) and "Between Heaven & Hell" (1956), it is hard to think that Wagner distinguishes himself in anything! Also, Jeffrey Hunter was no more than a player who contracted Fox before being commissioned to play Frank James in Jesse Lefgener's "The Real Story of Jesse James." Borrowed from the studio the previous year, this featured actor had a distinctive label and his excellent performance at John Ford's classic "The Researchers". But his game here, along with Wagner in the second half of James Brothers, is no less boring. No player brings any personality or color to their respective roles. They lack the mark entirely, lack charisma and are clearly shown by Power and Fonda in the original. The film also features a large number of flashback, and with the film "Wagner" all over the place, where the film "Robin Hood" in the West American, in a game of immersive romantic can not feel sympathy with it at all. It is hardly worth mentioning the supporting actors, but it is a shame to see a great actress like Agnes Morehead barely getting a look what James is. <br /> <br /> The best aspect of this film that does not care about the West is a wonderful cinematography / great cinematic portrayal of the great Joe McDonnell and an excellent musical score for the less famous composer Lee Harleyne!
