Before giving Spike Lee to SUMMER OF SAM a deserved crush, I would like to make one thing clear. I do not light this film just for the abundance of nasty and unpleasant images. What makes this film not surprising is the fact that Lee seems to think that summer SAM should be taken seriously as a socially enlightening drama. For example, the crime films of Quentin Tarantino are filled with violence, obscenities and corruption, but they are also very famous because Tarantino does not attempt to pass these films as works of art that are socially restored. He knows that these films are for entertainment value only. On the other hand, serious dramas such as RYAN and SCHINDLER are often unpleasant to watch, but hate helps develop the plot and characters, with the ultimate goal of engaging the audience passionately with the story and the characters on the screen. SUMMER OF SAM, unfortunately, glows only in excitement and corruption, with the belief that it acts as a social commentary, like the other garbage epic. <br /> <br /> SUMMER OF SAM does not serve as a serious drama because its characters are just plain cardboard templates. Her plan aims to show the emotional impact of hysteria on the murders committed by the son of Sam on the inhabitants of the predominantly Anglo-American Bronx neighborhood where the killings took place. However, instead of presenting locals as a diverse mix of characters, Lee simply reviews all negative Italian stereotypes. Men are ignorant, too lazy to overtake. Women are divided between the vulnerable "young girls" (Deona Mira Sorvino) and the "bad girls" Illegal (Robbie Jennifer Esposito It seems that Lee wants to "recover" Hollywood over years of negative stereotypes about African-Americans through If Martin Scorsese, for example, introduced the inhabitants of an African-American neighborhood as a set of stereotypes of Emmaus, Wendy and Annette Guimma, critics condemn these blatant stereotypes. More importantly, stereotypes are monolithic After undermining any film trying to be a serious social commentary. <br /> <br /> Without exception, the SUMMER OF SAM crew is excellent, but for the most part, acting is not inspiring. Comedian John Liguizmo is very talented, but his character Vinnie looks like a humorous and shocking impersonation of John Travolta from Tony Manero of Saturday Night Knight, and Michael Badaluku, the permanent actor "Gentleman" Greatly offends as a serial killer David Berkovich, and encounters him more funny than scary. The only performance that deserves attention is Adrian Prodi as a troubled, restless Ritchie, but honest. Prodi's performance and Lee's elegant model photography are the only virtues of this film. <br /> <br /> * 1/2 of ****
