After hearing a word from his lips about how bad this movie took I drown and bought a DVD. That said all the above about this movie is true. For the film, which claims to have a budget in the millions, it never appears on the screen. The list of problems with the movie may last forever. The most important is that the film is too long. Lasted for a few minutes less than 3 hours. Perhaps it would have been almost one hour of run time had the editor simply removed the excessive abundance of scenes that dealt with nothing more than the main character wandering aimlessly. <br /> <br /> Secondly, as many of the "trailers" have pointed out, special effects are nothing but special. The tripod looked good in a few shots here and there but then, everything was from the Z-1970 or 1980 class. Perhaps the worst effects at all were the horses, which hit hard back and forth as they moved. The effects of the heat beam were laughable, as people were reduced to bones that were somehow still able to thrive without muscle. It is also gratifying that the sequence of Thunderchild, in which Thunderchild, described in the book as an iron ram, does not seem like that. Instead, it resembled the destroyer of the First World War era, complete with deck guns (launched but not with visible crew), and torpedo pipes. <br /> <br /> The colors and backgrounds were just as bad as the effects. The most laughable was everyone's early scene where the main character and his wife go on a night walk and Mars refers to them in the sky. Well, the sky is black, but the views of the characters and the surrounding landscape are broad daylight. There are also very sharp boundaries between the real landscape, bathing under the full sun, and the black night sky counterfeit with mysterious stars too large. To detract even more, the color of the scenes makes no sense. In some they bathe in orange light. In other cases the green light. In others the light is still blue. In some cases, the exterior parts are lit in orange, but the interior of the houses is green or blue. Frame rate and camera are very fragile, giving everything a stumbling look. <br /> <br /> Finally, acting is quasi-general. One man depicted two characters, the only difference between them lacked a mustache. This led to some confusion at times about who he was and where they were all from. English dialects, even to the American ears, are outrageous. <br /> <br /> In short, this film can claim to be the worst film released recently. I have not seen Gigli or some recent twists but this one, because of the poor quality in all respects, should be easily worse then anything that Hollywood has put into mainstream. I will not be surprised if the movie reaches the bottom 10 or 20 in the IMDb classifications. It is unfortunate that the mysterious theater of science still exists.
