*Warning. There may be some spoilers before that, if you care. * <br /> <br /> Well, the basic premise of this film that originated in Texas is: College College + spookhouse + book magic magic = scary things. In practice, it's worth a lot of time looking at the time to figure out how long this movie will take. A bunch of frant boys, along with diverse girlfriends and volunteers, set up a haunted charade house. The project is headed by a completely repulsive figure, whose main aim appears to be verbal and physical abuse on as many team members as possible. I have had a hard time believing that anyone will even try to work with this person in any way: he is only rude and abusive to everyone, including his girlfriend and his friend. Regardless, the children are visited by a local figure and the annual Pumpkin Jack, an old bird that is described as Santa Claus on Halloween, and descends from a set of home props, including an ominous book that occupies a prominent place in the foreground The powerful, annoying flash (where a group of decaying cultures turn into excitement). Needless to say that some idiot curse begins to mess with the book, and eventually most of the monsters in dress turn out to be real, and the remaining ordinary people have to try to survive. There are some goodies in this film, but not so much: everything is well photographed, and the make-up effects are good. On the other hand, performers are either ineffective, or highly overrated; a lot of meaningless plot outside the series "This happens so that it can happen"; there are no music points to talk about, just clips of songs all over the movie ; The movie takes an hour to get anywhere. The last problem is the most important problem: Two-thirds of the run-time is used for 90 minutes to set up characters repeatedly. Tom is a nice guy dating Heidi obsessed with control, but he is so used to Gil, who is now back to Dan's jerk, but she started a kira girl relationship that wears a lot of shawls / heads. Dan is really big jerk, loves Gary playing jokes, and loves Steve & Lily to practice a lot of sex. Things that could have been handled easily within 20 minutes or so, continue and go on, so much so that the lesbian "sex" scene (calming, tame beautiful) left me looking for the fast forward button. This leaves us with half an hour of fear of calories, a klunky end and a deep-seated hatred of Ol 'Pumpkin Jack, who has blamed him for the whole mess. Unless you can get this kind of rent at a big discount (and I've already seen everything else in the store), put it back on the shelf and keep searching.
