In this "sequel," Bruce is still called Billy Lou (get it? Bruce = Billy, Lou = Lee.) But apart from that, that's all he shares with the other film. Billy does not seem to be a representative anymore. It seems to be in another country. It's like spying. He is the only member of the acting team who, unfortunately, returned to kill him to make room for a new character, his brother, Bobby. Unfortunately, when Bruce dies, the film dies with him greatly. This was very bad. They seem to be writing the script as they were filming. The footage works for a while (not obvious at first) but Bruce soon appears in the dark all the time (releasing the light at some point for another obvious reason to hide the fact that Bruce is not playing part). Unfortunately when the movie changes die. I can not help but wonder if they were filming while they might have planned to keep Bruce alive, but later decided to kill him because it was not reasonable because Bobby did not show up to Billy's death. Hard to change the leading character in the middle of the film, Bruce prepares a difficult procedure, so it is now difficult to accept Bobby as a star. Bruce did not see it again in this film. I think they should have made this supplement without Bruce playing a role in this film. People who hope to watch the new Bruce Lee will be disappointed when they see that although he has received the best bills, he has a special role to play. Even the worst movies have at least one memorable bit. If there's one thing about this film that people seem to be talking about, it's the scene Billy fights against in a vegetarian nursery. Ironically it does not even use Bruce Lee's footage. In your mind, they did it more convincingly in No Retreat No Surrender. None of the other representatives here make anything else memorable. Bruce's friend (Colin Camp) was not mentioned. My advice is to turn it off once Bruce has finished writing his letter to his brother. Nothing else in the film is worth watching. I found it really sad to see Bruce die. I do not see how a small budgeted movie like this could get enough money to use footage from The The Dragon. This was a cheap way to try to take advantage of Bruce's name. Strangely, this and origin are constrained in Bruce's film. So far, no one has tried this again. 1981 was the year of Bruce's last film. It was a sad way to end it, but fortunately, this is proof that Bruce's career should be left alone.
