Is it possible to give the film "No Stars"? I suppose not. But many stars show IMDb this just a zero reflection and you'll get drifting. Timothy Heinz did not have a big budget compared to Schilberg Herculean's effort with the same material (the film is rumored to be more expensive than ever), but that should not be an insurmountable obstacle. I have seen some wonderful works done on an equal footing ("Soldier and Saints" is a modern example). Thanks to hard work, integrity and talent above all, it is certainly possible to achieve a sincere delivery of the Wills novel - and in a small part of what Dreamworks spent on World War Two. Unfortunately, Heinz failed in all these departments. Even if he had the Spielberg budget and the signing of Tom Cruise for the film, his film was so bad as the zoo animal imposed by us. <br /> <br /> Basically, Hines seems unable to tell a story. With digital video technology, he can record images and sound, but he shows little preparation for compiling what he records. A man walks in a hot country, a lot. He speaks poorly and receives English for some other people. Then he walks in the same lane, and he is shot from the back this time to show that he will return - clever, eh? All that happens is walking and talking for about an hour. Well, I will give this extended journey from the home of the main character to the site to influence Horsell Common to show that it may be a great distance from one place to another that may be useful (the first year film student can portray a more and more aesthetic economic story creating a sequence of this, ), But half a dozen times? Round and round, back and forth, and so on and so on with some yakkity-yak in between. noticeable. The only explanation for this redundancy, apart from the complete technical incompetence, is the desire to get rid of thirty minutes of amateur CG in something that can be presented as a long film. Finally, the Martian combat machines appear and become walking, talking, rumbling, speaking or shouting. Later we became stunned and wept for dessert. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, a large part of the dialogue has been removed directly from the text of H.G. Wells. Another did not have any idea what was going on. But is not the aim of cinema to shed light on the text, to realize what words alone can not be conveyed? If the film depends on dialogue or monologue to tell us what we see or how we feel, why should you care? Why not play radio? Orson Willis made himself a familiar name doing just that. However, Hines believes he is a film director, so he just mouths the words and swallows the meaning. <br /> <br /> Second, Hines was able to buy some CG effects of some sort for his film, but he had no idea how to use them. Now I'm the one I do not have unbreakable sweet teeth for a candy eye. I think that good science fiction cinema does not need great technical effects. Some truly powerful science fiction flourished. But "war of the worlds" as a film requires a certain fundamental effort. Wells tells an articulate story about things to see, hear and even smell. The effects do not need to be complicated. They can be crude (eg, fighting machines on wires flying over the miniature streets as described in George Ball / Byron Haskins 1953), but they must be handled well. Unfortunately, Heinz's effects are both rough and incompetent? The top tripod fighting machines of the spiked cathedral spiked around making a fuss like a pogo stick bouncing on linoleum? Al-Habbari Al-Marikhiya despite the harassment of four times the seriousness of their motherland and rushed quickly without a tangible effort ?? Entire skeletons exposed to flesh, muscle language and screaming - the same horse and buggy horse on its way across the foreground dozens of times (turned left to right sometimes hoping not to notice)? And the declaration of nausea. Raw technique forgiving. So you have CG fire effect that's less than convincing? Well, we can solve this problem. Do not use it too much and only show a glimpse of it. That the stuttering woman sequence resembles a crushed plum? Throw them away. It is not necessary. Are you saying that the Mars bulletin is like a game on a thread? If you should use it, keep it up, but please do not show it twice! But no, Heinz will not listen. We get the worst things used again and again. You must get that 180 minutes somehow, boy. <br /> <br /> After that, we have representation, or too much precision. Either in the role of speaking or paid only to die in the queue, everyone in this film act with their hearts. It is clear that Heinz believes he got a deal - more than a scare there! You, shaking behind that tree, let us know the truth of the matter. Do you call this anger in torment? Nonsense, my grandmother can write better - yet the cast as a whole stinks individually. They are not even good amateur. But this does not have to be fatal. A good film has been made with Negro representation. This is what managers to. And editors. Which brings another point ?? Who the hell let Tim Haines edit this cheese factory? If American butchers are adept at slicing meat like Heinz in the cutting film, the next hamburger will be all fingers, not beef. Despite the three-hour operating period, there are a lot of things missing from this movie - not sequences, but single frames, which creates an eccentric jerky effect that causes nausea to watch it. Perhaps the intention of Hines is to simulate the impact of a cinematic hand-held camera from 1890. If he can say he does not know how to do it.
