I would like to start by saying that I am not an anime fan (with some notable exceptions), and I generally have a weak opinion in the so-called otakus, because they like this kind of cartoon that classifies every film starring big-eyed characters with big eyes like a work of art Without even thinking of more vital factors such as conspiracy. There is no anime film that represents this split between Otakos and the people's real taste of this stylish piece of trash, Fatal Fury: The Motion Picture. <br /> <br /> As seen through Otaku's glass eyes, there is no finding Fatal Fury's fault - there are lots of strange Japanese humor, individual quizzes, some "dramatic" moments, and everything beautifully painted. But everyone else will be turned off by a predictable vulgar plot that contains predictable vulgar characters, culminating in a predictable vulgar end. The scenes of love are exaggerated - the scene in which Solia "heals" it is clear that Terry is aiming to be a thin moment, but it is almost impossible not to throw it into the spirals of angry laughter because of the sheer laughter. Of course, Fatal Fury is not free of compulsory T & A cartoons - provided free of charge by the massive Mai Shiranui. Since Fatal Fury IS is based on the series of video games of the same name (boy), we have dealt with many senseless veil appearances by common characters with little or no relevance to the plot Kim's early, just for him to disappear from the film completely after this point). The clutter of the film reaches its climax with the unintended comic battle, in which all major characters participate in the powerful main villain in one-on-one combat in turn. This is some of the things that have always inspired me ... Even when there are no fights in the cartoons in one of the sessions, they always occur as if they were, apart from the fact that it makes no sense at all! <br /> <br /> Otakus is always interested in how anime movies should be treated as animated films rather than cartoons, and a disturbing part of these people likes Fatal Fury. Was Fatal Fury good if it was not anemia? The answer is "no" certain - all the magic of this film, what is few, is present in the actual drawings. If it were not Fatal Fury of the anime, it would be worth a ring of Mystery Science Theater 3000, if the show is still on air. This is the key - this is nothing more than a nasty B movie in a funny anime epic. If you're a fan of movies so bad that they're really entertaining, consider renting Fatal Fury (or picking it up on Sci-Fi), because it's certainly one of those movies. If you are an otaku, please wake up and realize that 90% of the things you see are waste. For anyone else, purchase Dreamcast and Fatal Fury: Mark of the Wolves, but do not think about watching this movie.
