Sometimes laughter in the middle of a horror film is a sign of his greatness. I remember the nervous laughter of the public in the reissue of The Excorcist ?? Really nervous laughter. It permeated how we all felt the devil's voice coming out of a 12-year-old girl. In the case of the 2006 remake of the 1972 classic Wicker Man's Worship, I think that this scary new Wickerman like the character of South Park, Scuzzlebut, the friendly jungle monster with TV Patrick Duffy for the leg and the celery stalk of the arm which is a favorite pastime are weave baskets Wicker. <br /> <br /> A friend of mine in Hollywood told me three years ago that he had heard that Nicolas Cage would have re-produced the film. I began to laugh and my friend (Keith) became angry with me as he promoted Nicolas Cage as a great actor. I did not think it could be pulled down and unfortunately for moviegoers I was right. Gone are the truth, the original original music, the authenticity, the creep and the wonderful strong dialogue. Instead, we have cliches of horror films, acting and changes in storytelling that make any believer fall apart. Like many countless Hollywood movies, we have recently been overwhelmed by the feeling that we are watching fourth-graders at the Wickremann Stadium. <br /> <br /> The original film is shown on a remote Scottish island where a Scottish police officer was lured there to find a missing little girl named Rowan Morrison. In the new spin, California cop (Cage) is lured to an island on the Washington state coast by his ex-girlfriend to find her missing daughter. She sends a picture and the missing daughter looks exactly like a little girl who tried to save her in a fire crash not long ago. The incident is still partially chased because the girl's body was not found. However, even after receiving a letter bearing her image, the contact is completely canceled as he travels north alone to help his ex-girlfriend find her daughter. He arrived to find an island full of actors pretending to be Wicca offspring, many of whom apparently did not receive calls to roles in the village. Like The Village, it was not long before you realized that there was nothing to fear here. Not even blind blindfolded sisters who speak in perfect harmony. <br /> <br /> I think the opportunity in Hollywood to make large sums of money in the film often comes at the expense of the technician. I think someone like Nicolas Cage, who is involved in many films these days, is losing touch with the magic that this film can have when it reaches the point where it has a special energy in the group preparing its snacks. We needed a bad remake of the Kerman as we needed another "9-11" movie. I began to wonder if Nicholas had changed his name from Coppola because he wanted it or because he asked him to.
