Anyone who commented negatively on this film gave an excellent analysis of the cause of this bloody film. I did not comment, but the film bothered me a lot and the writer / director in particular. So I have to throw in my hat to join the rejectionists. <br /> <br /> I saw the original Wicker Man and really loved the abundance of music, excitement and paganism in the modern world and the conflict of theological beliefs. This, I'm not part of the crowd who thinks it should not do great film reproductions. For example, I liked the original version of the film "Invasion of the Body Snatchers" in the 1950s, but I enjoyed the same again in 1978. Both films can stand alone. Another example is "thing". The original, like campy compared to today's standards, has much to be proud of in a 1982 remake with Kurt Russell (my favorite horror movie all the time). So the small minority of people who remake The The Wicker Man can not blame me for messing up this foolishness just because it's a remake. <br /> <br /> This film has reinforced the Neil Louboute and hate trends for women. It also made me wonder how executives, who want to make a serious thriller, can cast a green light on a product that is anti-female. There are many scenes that talked about Cage hitting women just because he was frustrated by his thwarted investigations into a missing girl. Would you react like this off the island in other cases where the suspects are not coming? The origin established a society in which men and women participate equally in a religion based on gods. The main character threat came from all male and female. There was no sexual hierarchy. <br /> <br /> The bees and drones borrowed a bit heavy and comfortable ("drones must die!"), especially when Cage's personality has a sensitivity of bees. I kept wondering why the men on the island did not fight and just used fitness to stop these women from being treated like grunts. These were not women with supernatural powers, half of them seemed pregnant, the other half fat, the rest of the girls and wives thin blondes, so if men really wanted to escape, they could do what most men do when they hate women. They are physically dominated. There does not seem to be any weapons or weapons that go beyond the cutting tools they hold if they are unhappy. But if they are satisfied with UAVs, why can not they talk? They can be used as a threat to Cage because they will defend society. They are unmanned aircraft because Neil Laput seems to believe that a society run by women will leave men cut off. (This movie has already been produced. "Anyone in the Stipord Wives"?) The classic symptoms of men who fear what might happen if the women come together with them and are already equal citizens. <br /> <br /> The problem with the female community that hates men is that it makes watching movies uninteresting and creates unintended hilarity when Cage begins to drive out women. I think that Abbott should have left the community equal, maintains sexual life and unrestrained consciousness, and presses the buttons of discomfort with respect to children on that island. No one likes to sexually exploit children or children. How would a policeman react if he saw obscene acts by adult people with children around them? There will be a logical leap of mind in which these children will be abused, and therefore, there is an urgent need to save the missing child and get help for all children. Labot said that he invented the story of the daughter of the girl to give Cage's personality an incentive to search. I do not think you need it. Any abused child will make an adult interact to save them. Ironically, of course, the child Cage "saves" eventually leads to his death. <br /> <br /> The dialogue was intriguing and grim. The whole third act was hilarious. The audience that I saw with flakes (and later booing at the end). I thought the film started by mistake when the letter arrived in a huge handwriting and all the flashback goes back to showing the extent of Cage's injury. We do not need that. Only showed him upon arrival on the island to investigate the missing child. Most of us in America have seen "law and order" and other policing procedures. We come to the film as if we are a Cage partner in solving the puzzle. <br /> <br /> Lots of potential ... lost. Neil Laput, stick to the pictures of the modern head of people who enjoy your male plays and flavors of this kind. Stay with your own company of men. Leave excitement to people who understand the excitement. Here is the honey jar. I will watch it.
