I'm currently sitting here, forcing myself to finish this. I think I blew 6 bux on VHS, you might also suffer for that. I remember about 4 or 5 years ago doing an online search for "World War" because of rumors about Spielberg at the time, and I missed the old TV series from the early 1990s. The website explains that this was a multimillion-dollar budget presentation for the classic book. It would be "perfect translation". The perfect CRAP program is compatible with this movie. <br /> <br /> First, there was a bug in this video! It looked like I was watching Full Motion video from an old PC in the mid-1990s or through a Playstation CD-Rom video game. Unfortunately, the color quality was similar. The classic Shatners acting "sexy pause" made a curse near Shakespeare in quality. The CG display of many scenes was horrific, and the green screen sequences were worse than those seen in the old scenes of Dukes of Hazardd. <br /> <br /> Second, it is slow and horribly painted. I sat within 45 minutes of the video (no promotion at first) before the cylinder was actually opened to reveal the first foreigner. After that, the foreign squid CG was constructed terribly. I am now an hour away, and most of the alien weapons I have seen are a silver disc of spinning (cocky up to the bottom) attached to a mechanical arm. Dramatic scenes are killed with excessive doing. The last thing about it, for a foreign invasion in the early 1900s no one cares for their lives. It's like they have no concept. Although the media was slow, oral talk spread quickly and people knew it. The "illusion" at night and day was poor at best. Simply changing the color around people to purple, blue or green does not mean NIGHT TIME. Maybe they gave some lighting and the actual night buds are much better. There are a lot of wasted sequences during a movie watching just a "hero" running or walking in ridiculous ways. Get the movie. I know how people walk around, you do not need to be in-depth. <br /> <br /> Now, finally after an hour and 5 minutes of the film they are viewing exotic machines. Strong Morphine Power Rangers had better-looking effects. Even the skeletons of human beings evaporated as if animated by a high school student application class. The animation does not match with the scene at all. <br /> <br /> When you close people, if you want World War, do one of the four things. 1) Watch the original version of 1953, 2) Watch the TV series in the early 1990s, 3) Wait for the release of Spielberg soon, or 4) Read the frikkin book (something we did all in primary English). Avoid this movie. It is a virtue of your money.
