Usually when I write a review for an online movie, this is for one reason of three reasons. Either, I found something exceptionally lacking in a film that was otherwise excellent, I feel that the public perception of the film before watching it is inaccurate for a number of reasons, or I think the purpose or message of the film needs to be explained or explained with the help of other reviewers. Although all of these reasons may seem somewhat negative, I find that writing a review only pays close attention to such statements as, "This is one of the best movies of all time!" , Does nothing to enlighten potential viewers on their advantages and negative aspects, as they do not often give reasons why the film is good, which should be the review point in the first place. With that saying, the World War is nothing more than a quick and inefficient attempt to seize the money; supporting the abominable pig in the multimillion-dollar advertising campaign of a film of the same name directed by Steven Spielberg. Many people will buy this DVD in anticipation of the summer movie channel and will buy more poor lives in search of more material on the same subject. This film is not so "bad" that it becomes funny or popular, but the audience will be so disappointed that it gets angry. Now with the neglect of most insults, let me present some arguments as a warning to those most fortunate of the first. <br /> <br /> From the cover and no publicity for this movie (I found it SAM Club for $ 8), I assumed the team would have no names and that the special effects would not be too spectacular. Check. This is not a big problem for me, since I find a great budget and a great dependence on VIP stars, SE can reduce the film's fit. Nor did I expect to be blown away by a wonderful dialogue or an impressive result. Check again. What I was hoping for was a serious and serious attempt at a classic theme and some alien / battle scenes. <br /> <br /> Now, according to the IMDb policy, any spoilers must be advertised in advance, no matter how small, so here is a fair warning. The film begins with a lot of little talk, followed by a trip to an observatory to look at a red dot. Seriously, they are pictures of a red dot in a tube. It is very difficult to describe every small problem in depth, but at the end of the first 10 minutes, the combination of shaky camera work and intermittent scenes and lots of walking starts to frustrate the viewer. However, the costumes are not surprisingly bad and hope that the pods will reveal something mysterious that keeps you going. The next thirty minutes pass as follows: One of the main characters walks to one of the centuries, looking at pods and talking to another main character about looking at the blasphemy and may be hot. They both go to the city. These marches are not secondary or added until dialogue can be exchanged. It's twenty seconds or more, and there's simply a stuffing for a three-hour movie already bloated. In a particularly weary scene, the main character appears as she looks at the pod, then shows the speed and panting, then looks at the bursack, then walks one minute across a field to town, then comes to the city walking in a building, then has a cup of coffee and says "Thank you O Mary "on a random maid offering him coffee, then puts the coffee and walks outside the building, then walks a minute in the field and returns to the pod. I apologize for the extreme sentence, but perhaps the best way to summarize this entire film. The characters speak a lot about mundane things. They walk a lot, send other people to walk, and the camera fluctuates between high speed and slow speed, but without much impact, the camera man is simply a sophomore in tech somewhere. Editing is very bad. People's actions are meaningless. For example, when a professor goes to a farmer's house and says that he needs the farmer to give him a trip to the town, the farmer stumbles and moves. When the professor says there is a giraffe and that the men may be trapped inside, the farmer locks him in a shed just to see the professor holding the altar and opening the weak shed later. None of the result of course comes from this entire scene, where the professor works in the main character later so they can start walking in the afternoon. The whole movie feels as though someone had a good idea of ​​producing a movie sometime, but had no idea how to put it in good shape. I've seen the best video production in high school. Finally, the special effects are funny and do nothing to advance the story. I feel that the director really wanted this film to become somewhat of a traditional garbage cult. However, it is very terrible in technical aspects, and in a general sense it just makes people mad. Avoid this movie at all costs.
