Do not expect too much PRC image, with rare exceptions - mainly from Edgar G. Ulmer and a few of Joseph H. Louis or Louis Landers - that's exactly what you get: not much. This "epic" about the attempt of the Nazis in Africa to incite the Arab rebellion against the British is not very different. The scenario, through the PRC's long-time breakthroughs Arthur St. Clair and Sherman Lowe, is vulgar and ridiculous and full of "loopholes" and unfamiliar openings in the size of Outer Mongolia. The trend, by budget specialists in the People's Republic of China Hermann, has long been a quasi-coma at best. Although the performances - with the exception of the surprising, irritating and disturbing lead Walter King - are not really too bad. Veteran comedian Parkyakarkus is actually the best thing about the film. The role of a Brooklyn man masquerading as a shaver with a razor blade and the screen shines dramatically when he appears. He has got a wonderful comic timing, a charm to spare and seems to be having a fun time. Duncan Reinaldo is somewhat convincing as an Arab sheikh - despite his Spanish accent - and the bad guy veteran George J. Lewis as the rival of Reinaldo the Arab does his usual work of the villain, even if he sometimes skips the top. Joan Woodbury is very nice and has a nice light touch. She and Rinaldo have wonderful chemistry together, although like the rest of the team she has nothing at all with King. H.B. Warner, whose career spanned the era of silence, gives dignity to low rents, although he blows up his lines several times, and because he is the PRC, he has not lost them. There are a lot of stock shots filmed from a silent film with a big budget with a similar Arab idea - although I have no idea which one - and as the PRC - made no effort to try to make it unclear: I rarely saw stock footage They were very clear. <br /> <br /> "Yank in Libya" is not very good, of course - well, well, it's stinky - but it would be worth a look just to see Parkyakarkus in Prime. I have heard about him and I know that he is the father of actor / director Albert Brooks and Super Dave Osborne, but he has never seen anything before. It was worth watching this "magnificence" of the 10th grade PRC just to see it at work. Otherwise, forget it.
