You just got the love of opening strings like one in "Seven Women of the Demon"? During the introduction, there was a naked girl passing through the forest, chased by a hound and a malignant man looking to a horse, until she fell from a cliff and splits her head open on a rock. The camera then magnifies the man's face and notices how he sits simply behind an office while his secretary waits for him to sign some papers. "Oh I'm sorry, I lost in my thoughts?" Then say! Sweet, I've stumbled after another Bonkers film altogether. Even if you only understand the minimal French language and receive a look at the original title, you immediately learn that "Seven Women of the Devil" has nothing to do with Satan or ritual sacrifices, but simply revolves around the fiery adventures of an oblique number and mentally unstable during the end Week in the countryside. This, in fact, another lean variation in the classic event "the most dangerous game" about the troubling fishing hobby of madness? Preferably hot nude chicks - in the woods for sport. Well, this is more than a variation in the 1932 classics, where the writer / director / actor Michelle Lemuen pretended to link his heroism directly to the legendary Leslie Banks in the "most dangerous game". It is assumed that Count Zarov is the son of the original Count Zarov, but he shared his own island in the remote French countryside. He also can not afford to be unemployed, so he is an office clerk from Monday to Friday and a frantic killer over the weekend. Zaroff is a real eccentric who cheers about dancing with a dead woman but actually runs his car on those living. His servant once vowed to prevent the zeros from killing, but he obviously did a bad job. There is no depth in the scenario, and compositions certainly do not care about the ambient or evil atmosphere. In fact, the only useful thing to do in this film is to count the girls who are lured into Zarov's deception and hope to reach the age of seven quickly. Half of the film is a meaningless, tedious, boring video, like the act of an extended dance in which a statue is inexplicably transformed into a black muscle man (???), and the other half is found in the narcotic corruption that ultimately grows tired. All the girls look charming. I have the impression that Michelle Limmins was intent on imitating his friend Jean Raulin and stirring up an exciting sexual story. "Seven Women for the Devil" is a French production, and it is certainly also the regular Jess Franco series, "The Awful Dr. Orloff", "Zombie Lake". Lemon himself certainly has the appearance of a crazy assassin, but not a talent to photograph one.
