1930 was a golden age in Los Angeles thanks to its cinematic industry and its great potential for its other potential to become rich, famous and happy. People were arriving there hoping to realize their dreams. Expecting open arms and welcome offers There were only a few who managed to find their way to stardom, where the majority were judged to live hungry, disappointed and undesirable, looking for little respect in the dirty bars and bad hotel rooms. <br /> <br /> The young Italian-American writer Arturo Pandini arrives in Los Angeles in a similar effort - to spread his magic to get one of these beautiful rich women and write an excellent novel that sets him on a career path after writing a short story published in a mysterious anthology. He wants to create a romantic masterpiece that seems unable to produce anything without testing it himself, though sometimes he sends pieces of magazine stories to a local editor to help him survive. He is proud to introduce himself to Italy but deep down his heart really feels that his Italian origin is a burden. The meager money and courage to invade the world he once lived was gone and watched his dream turn into a hangover with another nickel he spent. <br /> <br /> The coffee she brought was cold and sour and spit on her, resulting in an endless relationship of insults, unspoken excuses, and hidden love beneath her. Camilla being an uneducated girl trying to get American citizenship through a marriage carrying her heavy cross from an invisible racial heritage. Although she has a strong and experienced character, her status as a beautiful Mexican woman is harder to deal with than Arturo can perceive. <br /> <br /> Is it clear that Arturo finally finds his inspiration to work on the novel? Is it possible that their love finally finds its place in the sun? Are you likely to take a romantic friendship a turn? <br /> <br /> It is very surprising to discover that chemistry between the two main characters, played by Salma Hayek and Colin Farrell, does not work. The relationship lacks raw and authentic feelings. Hayek Although a vibrant figure compared to Farrell forgot to arm Camilla with a passion and strength of her wonderful personality once unique. It is also difficult to have faith in a personality that is intelligent but uneducated and illiterate and uses very difficult sentences of vocabulary and complexity. Certainly, the toughest character of the Phil Marlowe would fit Farrell better, although he looks stunning in the fashion period, seems very lost in trying to find a fragile world of a 20-year-old dreamer who balances hidden love with the desire to be true to himself . <br /> <br /> Feeling embarrassed when you watch the two on the screen is not true. Their relationship may be wild, but thunder and lightning are likely to be without a storm, away from true emotion, and feelings that are described as not feeling inside. It is very sad that such a scenario for an interesting scenario and good representatives has been wasted, and turned into a symbolic rate of oblivion soon.
