It should be painful to attend the daily newspapers as the shooting continues. Maybe Cruise, Exec. Saw Prod. , What was happening, and Towne used a lot, much more than the bare shots in the final and then wanted Towne, to make up for the disaster he saw looming. (Maybe even Cruz thought of "Titanic"). Some things: Colin Farrell can not get out of a paper bag. But one of the flavors of the contract, a darling producer and one has to avoid the embarrassment of watching him not to attend his films. He has many moments of disbelief in what he does and you can see in his eyes. I think he was at best a film actor, although he is not as rich or famous as he is now, where the second banana plays for dynamic leaders who can act. The trap spend a lot of money on period collections, fashion, cars, et al. And photographed as if they just came from a dry cleaner or a car wash / wax. Nobody seems to want to look good. Or dirty. Is this because the production designer has told him the linear product to make sure that he did not spoil things because the company will pay for the destructive materials? <br /> <br /> It was a story about the Depression - the 1930s people, not the Disney Broadway musical about that era. What about doing this in black and white or better, looking at Caleb Deschanel as a DP, make it full of colors during the mix to indicate some dirt and actual corruption at times. After all, it was a little frustrating to live as desperately as these people did, in a recession. More about Farrell. Did anyone ever believe that this man was a writer? H. Minckin on the wall; Have you seen his eyes spin at one point? Hayek and Farrell as a sexually dynamic duo? Send a boy to do a man's work? Perhaps in the book, which I did not read, the story was about an old woman and a young man. I can not go into the middle parts to the last of the film because I was saved early. But the memory of the scenes I saw made me think that someone was doing an amusing simulation of Noir. The type of Saturday Night Live program over the last decade: not funny. (In my mind I kept thinking of drawing a musician, guitarist, music and everything.)
