Ned Kelly (Ledger), Australian outlaw and legend. Like Robin Hood, with a mix of Billy The Kid, Australians love the myth of how he stands up against English aristocratic oppression and unite the lower classes to change Australia forever. The fact that the lower classes at that time were about 70% of migrant criminals appeared to have been skewed in this film. In fact, there are a few so-called "facts" in this film, when you think, a dubious boy. <br /> <br /> I suppose the doubts should have been raised when, in the opening credits, it was alleged that this is based on the book "Our Sunshine". If you could see a romantic version of the truth in the name of a book, it was there. This was not a historical epic, but just an adaptation of one of the many dubious legends of Ned Kelly, albeit a brutally brutal version sporadically. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Ned Kelly is no more than just an overpriced Holmark channel `real life 'wannabe drama'! The story fades at an alarming rate (annoying because it is unprecedented in a very slow film!) The numbness of two hours of hard driving has rekindled memories of the terrible Wyatt Earp from Costner throughout those years. Simply, nothing happens in the movie, but it takes a long time to get to that thing. Maybe this boy was more likely if the performance was good (because the direction sure it was not). However, unless you are looking to play a game with the worst Oirish accent, you will be disappointed. Among that, the game "Who has a stupid beard?" , "Discover a clear backstabber!" (An idea, all from ginger for some reason), and "Nature in Australia, including black," is a similar experience to play through Hallmark, the History Channel, Discovery Channel, and neighbors while suffering huge waste. Yes, nature comes out a lot, filling up more time (maybe trying to look like a parasite), the film continues to show useless wildlife footage, and once all the local species are introduced, here's a circus that allows a camel and lion to be set up (used during one fight to try to make us Unfortunately we regret more than the people slaughtered). <br /> <br /> This is a false historical piece of passion that should have gone straight to the TV. There is not even a good word I can say about this film. Even Rush is usually fantastic it seems awkward to be here. When one of the characters commented that there were only two bullets left for him and his gift, I wish I had a weapon to blow up any memory of this film from my head!
