I can not go beyond this movie's message. It has been neglected very clearly, which is obscene because it has lost its sense of what is going on around it. I did not read the novel, but Pollack's film opens with a scene at the CIA front in New York, stormed by two professional assassins, headed by Max von Siddo, who begin to brutally slaughter half of the reckless staff members we have come to know and understand. Among the staff is an elderly receptionist, a polite polite old man who drops a pseudonym when armed with machine guns (is this a joke?), And finally, beautiful Tina Chen who looks from the copier. To kill, say, brave and pitiful, "I will not scream." Von Siddo responds sympathetically, "I know." These murders are absolutely unpredictable, brutal, and driven by nothing we know, and fees. It is a wild scene. <br /> <br /> There is no way at all to recover von Sydow and his followers. However, this is exactly what Pollack is trying to do until the end. <br /> <br /> After these good innocent men are killed, Von Siddo switches sides (because the other side is willing to push him) and murders the evil mastermind behind a complex conspiracy within the CIA. The script then turns it into a reasonably sensible and sensitive person. "It's better to live in Europe, things are not fast." Or whatever. I swear I do not. Pollack wants us to believe that it is better to be a pure, homogeneous killer than a crooked bureaucrat. This is the message. You should write it down if you forget it. What exactly is the kind of shame that a psychiatric illness has to be in order to upset normal values, let alone common sense, upside down? I understand that there are thoughtful adults who hate the United States government, hate it, see conspiracies almost everywhere, and make an explanation of the unexpected. I know that the people who believe this way are there because I am counting them among my close friends. However, at some point in this hatred, this hatred must go beyond, if it increases in intensity, politics or morals and to the world of psychiatry. I do not think for a moment that the man who killed people for money is better than a wicked government official. I do not care how much killer killer is cultured or whether he knows how to reach the Louvre in the metro. Anyone who transmits that message needs medication or meditation. <br /> <br /> I would like to be able to say that production is as corrupt as his letter, but I can not. It's done very well. (In some ways this is worse, because it makes the film less detachable). Even New York City appears on the screen. It is a long time since I thought of New York as a tonic of light. Robert Redford does an impressive job of dropping his initial trauma and confusion, but then turns into a near-genius. And man, he looks so good! His wardrobe is just right. Even his glasses without lip became. And his peacoat. Not everyone who can make the navy peas jacket looks glamorous. He looks very handsome too, pigs. I want to look like this. I want to wear a jeans shirt and tie with such headaches. Faye Donaway is fine in her role, but this is not a reasonable role. Will anyone impatiently sleep with a man who has just kidnapped her and held her at gunpoint? Even if it looks like Redford? Would anyone get emotional wounds if, when this contradictory relationship was about to end, Redford asked her not to tell anyone what had happened? Cliff Robertson is surprisingly good. Does one or two very good takes dual. The postman is wonderful. The battle between him and Redford in a crowded apartment is beautifully designed, and for once, we do not really know how it will end, because Redford (a book reader after all) seems mismatched against the brute cunning of this killer tenant. This is one of the final roles of John Housemann. Shame. It's a magnet on the screen. Woe to him from the end of his life: a friend finds him lost, wandering the streets of New York, in the neighborhood was familiar with most of his life. <br /> <br /> Yes, the film was well executed, but I can not ignore that evil message that is paranoid. I have the same problem with the victory of Lenny Rivinsthal. Or her Olympic documentary, in which the announcer sees a foot race in which Jesse Owens races in the lead and says, "This Negro is dangerous."
