It's hard for me to say that, because I enjoyed both "Goals" and "Paper Moon", but I thought the "Last Picture Show" was a fairly wonderful but very tolerant film. The most positive thing for me is stunning photography. But for me, the film did nothing beyond the beauty of the surface (and a kind of hidden beauty, in it). It was very difficult for the characters to contact or care about them. Basically you had this slow pace and this natural method of acting, but there was all it was to support the story of a very equation and predictable, complete with all the decorations one would expect from a small melodrama town - everything from a cheating boy with a child's mentor wife Disabled person. It was like "American graffiti" without the joy of life. <br /> <br /> Some may say that this film is more realistic - at present many people seem to think that realism is the only virtue the film can have. But for me the film was simply repressive, and I want to see it again badly and I want to spend a few hours in that miserable city where the characters live. <br /> <br /> Perhaps this film really belongs only to his time - maybe if I saw him in 1971 I would admire his grandmother, just by seeing something different on the screen. But that basically assumes that I have not seen anything like, like, Godard "breathless". Perhaps the public references to classic films attracted me to the geek in the film and helped me to overlook some of the weaknesses in the film. But in a post-Tarantino world, this does not seem unique or distinctive either. <br /> <br /> It's interesting though he uses film in the film to give his own film more depth. See 3 movies as I remember in the photo gallery. First, we see the "father of the bride" by Vincent Minelli - looks fantastic Liz Taylor In contrast to the friend of Sony, the atmosphere of the upper middle class in Minelli contrasts with the environment surrounding the real life of the character in a similar way. Later, Howard Hawks's "Red River" highlights the broken friendship between the guide and the protector. It really reminds me only that Bogdanovic accepts the butt of his mentor, as he did if he remembered correctly by choosing a Hawks movie as part of his on-screen imagination with Boris Karloff in "The Goals." I think in 1971, this kind of thing was new, but looking at it today seems just a self-effacement, much like the rest of this movie. <br /> <br /> In the end, it's better to see another film by way of "Hawk", "Ford" and "Menelli" instead of owning the film Bogdanovic for why they went so inaccurately. Perhaps he intends to remind us of the giants whose time has passed - all he does is remind us of how small he and most of his contemporaries are.
