We must all congratulate Uwe Boll. He did what he could not imagine. He may be the only director who has two films in the top 100 movies on IMDb! It's like a kind of cockroach film. Regardless of his lack of talent, no matter how bad these films are, he can continue to make them. I know that he finances them all through a rather strange German fund, but nevertheless, his ability to continue to make films despite complete and complete failure is one of the great mysteries of the universe. <br /> <br /> It will not be so bad except that video game developers continue to offer their best characteristics to this person. I really enjoyed Alone in the Dark with a bunch of games. Even the latest, New Nightmare, was good for a few hours of play. There was a good film made from the adventures of Edward Carnby, but that's not it. Yue Paul has got his hands on Draine and Hunter: Account. What's next, Silent Hill? the death? I can only imagine that this guy will break through the modifications from game to game if he does not stop. Someone needs to pull his balance, or these video game publishers need wisdom and realize that when they make a bad movie of a game that kills the franchise, no one is interested in that title anymore. <br /> <br /> Think about it, did The House of the Dead or Alone in the Dark become a viable game? Not possible. The new House of the Dead game was launched for the X-Box and no one cares. The address is dead, all because of Uwe Boll. So if any of you work for a game publisher, a game publisher, or a game publisher ... please warn them. <br /> <br /> This film itself is not worth reviewing. I can not separate what I did not like in the manure pile from the rest of it. Literally, everything about it sucks. Writing, acting, music, CG effects, editing. I thought that if I waited until I came out on a DVD and rented it with low expectations, I would not be disappointed. Boy, I was wrong. Never underestimate Uwe's ability to turn a large pile of steam down.
