I usually begin by moving the premise of the film, but before anyone makes any hasty judgments about my evaluation, let me start by saying that I am a person who loves most movies (just check out my other reviews). Alone in the Dark is a film directed by Oy Paul, whose film "House of the Dead" (2003) was just before this film. Like Alone in the Dark, was also adapted for video game films. Almost everyone hates it. Well, I loved it. I gave it up 10 out of 10! My point in mentioning this (which will definitely stop some readers immediately) is that even if I hated alone in the dark, there should be a mistake in that. <br /> <br /> Hypothesis: Who am I joking? Trying to make a premise for this film is as easy as trying to balance the US budget, but it is here anyway. Some archaeologists have discovered evidence of the loss of some Indian-American tribe. It seems that the Indian tribe has discovered some ways to address the "Second World", which was evil in nature. The bad things have been eliminated, but not before they can lock the door to the evil world and throw the key. Later, some government scientists / researchers who experimented with the paranormal, specifically this tribe, decided to experiment with some children, trying to produce a kind of hybrid with the second world. (Believe it or not - everything is up to this point, and then some are told to us in a written introduction to the film - it's just a white text being passed across a black screen with a voice reading for us too). After that, there was something about the presence of the children in an orphanage, but the government is bringing them back. After that, a number of people are looking for antiquities, and there are supermen walking around. <br /> <br /> In fact, the exhibition never stops. It's like an endless backstory of hell. There are enough ideas here to fill at least 10 films, maybe 25. But none are displayed in a coherent way to create a single good movie. In addition to the lost and mystical Indian tribe, we also get the monsters that resemble the cross between the alien and the wolf, the worms that invade your body and turn into aliens like snakes, worms through the tunnels, zombies, wars that resemble stars of the vehicle, evil scientists, underground caches, Neurological warehouses, hurdles, large museums mostly unused, government plots, golden trunks pulled from the sea, nuns, explosions, complex stabbing plots, mysterious love story, car chase, home invasions, kitchen sink. . . Wait, I can not remember whether the latter was in the film. Even more surprising (in an entertaining way), at Fangoria # 240, Shawn Williamson quoted the product as saying: "We spend much longer in the story, and be very careful about it." Tara Reid described the movie "Alone in the Dark" as "a smarter film." <br /> <br /> Let me not mislead anyone. Many of the things listed above may seem delicious to the potential audience of this movie, but the problem is that nothing has the slightest connection to anything else. I usually did not have any idea of ​​any setup relationship with any other settings, or why we were there, or what anyone was doing (at least when each scene started). It's just a random mix of settings and cliches, as if the director Oy Paul had 250 irrelevant ideas in a hat and pulled them like lottery numbers. Then when it was done, he and editor Richard Schwadl decided to cut the film using the cast, then re-assembled it by throwing I Ching. Sometimes, the film plays like an extended director's reel (a mix of short, varied and unrelated scenes directed by directors to try to get a job), but that may be a great honor. I'm not sure Paul will get a job if this is a reel. <br /> <br /> Just as I am inclined to most movies at least, I tend to most actors and most shows. It is very rare to say that performance was bad. Well, Tara Reed was bad here - and I'm someone who usually likes Reed. I do not know what happened. For a large proportion of the film, they only move around the group like the stent. Maybe I just bought a blowout doll. Would save them money that he could use for some CGI ghosts and vampires in the castle and cemetery settings. Perhaps they chose to move it in place like a piece of driftwood after seeing the daily papers of her mysterious nonsense dialogue in a monotonous narrative usually devoted to the mother-in-law. <br /> <br /> Speaking of this dialogue, he plays a lot of Alone in the Dark like the movie Godzilla without Godzilla. I mean, it's a lot of fake scientific things. At least in the films of Godzilla, there is a desire for it, because they know how ridiculous it is, and there are great fruits in terms of seeing Godzilla destroy the city center and battle a huge battle with radiant death rays fired from her eyes or anything. <br /> <br /> It is hard to say what Stephen Dorf and Christian Slater are doing here, as well as over-suing their clients. I can not say I thought that anyone in the film had a decent performance, although he probably saw Slater at least cigar. I think this is unprecedented for me. <br /> <br /> However, I did not give this movie. There were some films that were competent, even if Paul and Shafid took out the minced meat and the rhythms of hard rock. The end credits were good. Heck, even the introduction of modernity was not too bad. I actually thought that the film had been promised at this stage. But this may be the worst film I have seen with a budget of $ 20 million or more.
