First of all, I would like to point out that this film has nothing at all to see with the Dutch folklore story of the ghost ship which is also called FLYING DUTCHMAN. In this movie, you will not see a single sailing boat. You will not see seafarers, ghosts or anything exciting remotely. It is not the story of the ghost ship, and I hope they have told it in the main credits or that I will not see it, because I really thought it was a film about myth. Many people seem to think that the film is about the myth of the ghost ship, because the film is included in the Wikipedia page of the legend "The Dutch Bird" ... I do not understand why. Perhaps it is based on the myth of a "wandering Jew"? Or maybe they just adapt to the worst parts of the myth? The film begins with a sequence of battles that will allow anyone to hope that the film has battle scenes. Unfortunately, this is the only battle scene of the film. Daniel Emelfork (who was in the city of the Missing Children's Town) for about two seconds, then lets anyone hope that the film is well represented. Unfortunately it's very bad in the film. The same can be said of the Italian actor Nino Manfredi, who was one of Italy's best actors ever, and who is condemned here to portray a crazy hunter with no background story whose only goal is to appear "the wise man" of the film. And boy, does this film need wisdom! It seems that all other characters in the story enjoy swimming in the feces, yelling, torturing others (in feces) or adultery (in the feces) or cutting off each other just for fun. This seems to be so enjoyable that each character of the story revolves around her role on feces at one time or another. You are a Dutch director, you might think that the terrible dirt and the real dirty shit are necessary elements in a piece of time, elements that contributed to the production of Paul Verhoeven film of the Dutch director "Flesh + Blood", such a wonderful film. The idea of ​​"Flesh + Blood" would allow anyone to hope that it would be a dirty, clear and direct film. Unfortunately, unlike "Flesh + Blood", there is no dramatic progress, no fights, no good representation, and simply, no "Flesh + Blood". Photography, as unfolding opening sequence, is good and attractive. This too, stops very early in the film. The music, by Nicola Biolovani (for the fame of La Vitella Bella) is repetitive and distressing, when it is not irrelevant (sometimes referring to a grandeur in sequence, while actors are sprayed in liquid droppings). During the first "acting" of the film, which lasts no more than an hour (!), The film takes place within the same ocean, which is located around the farm where the main characters live. Characters play with a lot of feces, drown in it, and play it. A long period of time passes through many ellipses to allow the main character, the little boy who likes to play in the feces, to become older and play with more feces. The bird man talks a lot to say stupid things in Italian. Spanish invaders speak French. Nothing makes sense. Everything is confused and takes hours until it happens. Then there is another act called "the ship", in which we see what could have been a ship, a long time ago, but is still from the ship (covered with a feather I mentioned?). The main character, while walking away from the farm, only talked about it, and decided it was really wonderful so let's live in it. He tries the cams in which he lived by killing him, but he does not really mind because (I did not mention?) That he is not very bright. He believes that the ship can sail and hopes to sail on it, so that more invaders appear (at least they appear to be invaders because of Don Quixote style hats, but as I said they are really confused from), I make the Dutch prisoner, along with retarded cams, And they burned the ship on the ground. The last part of the film, which is really hard to see by the viewer because it consists only of more feces with more middle-aged peasants retarded who fight it, is in a crazy shelter. More torture and drowning each other with feces. However, it is more in the hands of the director, who seems to have given up his job for sure, or go to the second camera assistant for the crew to do the rest of the job. In the end, many new "friends" who face mental challenges and those made by the Dutch died. The woman who fucked her was his brother's wife to start meeting him with his son. The Dutchman and his son are talking. The film ends two hours after the scenes full of performance and tragic artistic performances. Credits flow and the viewer becomes completely free from having to watch horrific movies without a conspiracy that pretends to be as exciting as mythical fiction, while it is only a catalog of the privilege of some of the films that can be obtained when they do not have enough funding to fight. Horses.
