The same night I saw this, I also watched "Scary Movie 4", making a double-fiddled feature. Unfortunately for these deadly tomatoes they could not stand up to the simpsons that are the franchise of Scary Movie. While I fought with boredom here, I saw jokes that were silly and stupid and brutally and brutally dated. The most recent parody made me laugh out loud. How can I crave more. Director John De Bello uses the basic premise that a kind of growth hormone has made a huge mistake and turned tomatoes into killers. But his main goal here is a disaster movie slap that was too big a day. Scenario of copper literature, perhaps if you take illegal material in your film s, this may be your cup of tea. I, sober, was stuck while watching a sleeping man covered with tomatoes. This is a joke, not funny at all, where there is a contradiction between the Japanese-speaking actor and the voice. Some may laugh, I did not. They even had a Hitler joke that was not funny, and I thought that all of Hitler's jokes were funny. <br /> <br /> The story of this film is very divided (without good reason) so it is almost impossible to explain it. Tomatoes are killing people, and the government is trying to stop him, according to bad jokes. Their goal may be true because their goals include media, consumerism, and grandeur and grandeur (three things still dominate our lives today). Strangely enough, the main selling point in this film, those incandescent tomatoes, does not show much in appearance. When they do, they get this real tomato. The washed-up trick did nothing for me because I came out a bit watching a pack of tomatoes devouring a body thanks to the magic of camera stop tricks. There is also a fear of dropping out here that prevents this film from being really funny. Some people who sleep in almost every scene may please some members of the audience, but they are likely to be seen as an invitation to join the fun. <br /> <br /> It has also been added that there seems to be some old human selfishness in action here. Man eats tomatoes This is dinner, tomatoes eat man This is a disaster all over the world. But that's how the world works. In the film the product becomes evil because of genetic modification, but in the real world our production (see Taco Bell) becomes evil by negligence. Like those evil green onions, this film has long been expired. There are a few good chuckles. The last shot was really wonderful, but it was not enough to save this mildly offensive bomb. I'm sure there is a good film buried deep within this concept, but the script needs to be filtered through nearly ten rewrites to get there. By "there" I mean to level "scary movie 4." ** 1/4
