In case you are a famous taste of cinema, worship and / or making bad films, there is a certain point in life ?? Preferably sooner or later? That you have to watch "Tomato Killer Attack". It is an inevitable certainty, because this is one of the most famous and most horrific cult films ever. One small but basic detail, however, is that the "deadly tomato attack" is intentionally horrifying. Directly from the opening letter, and the irony of Alfred Hitchcock's film "The Birds," obviously the aim of this is a parody without a budget and I can not avoid the impression that the writer / director John De Bello did not expect his film to be successful. The film corrupts the contemporary popular trend of so-called "environmental horror" films (plants, animals and nature that generally revolve against humanity) and offers the few kinds of vegetables imaginable as unbeatable killing machines. A secret government agricultural project to produce bigger, delicious tomatoes is making a terrible mistake and soon there are reports of tomato attacks coming from across the country. The president creates a team of special forces to fight the juice enemy, which includes secret agents with very specific areas of expertise and scientists with terrifyingly dubbed voices. The first half of "Attack of the Killer Tomatoes" is very entertaining. Apart from that, the natural-shaped vegetable scene that jumps from the aquarium and attacks the housewives is very original and funny. The first half of the hour also contains many memorable moments such as an attractive song, honoring the "jaw" and the crash of a notorious helicopter (see the trivia section for more details) that have come to an end. After that, however, everything turns into a dull mess, unorganized and unbearably amateurish. The quality level of jokes moves from fresh and innovative to embarrassing and frankly not funny and there are a lot of characters and sub plots. I personally prefer the late 1980s and early 1990s (which I saw before I see them) because they take advantage of slightly better production values, incredible special tomato effects, and the presence of veteran actor John Aston (The Adams) as a mad scientist Dr. Gangreen. As has been said before, the invisible origin is still the subject of compulsory viewing at some point in your life.
