*** Warning - This review contains a "spoilers plot", although nothing can "spoil" this movie more than it already is. It really is that bad. *** Before I start, I would like to tell everyone that this is definitely an incredibly laughable film. If you are in a comfortable mood and need a lot of laughter, this is the right movie for you. Now without further ado, my assessment: <br /> <br /> This movie was found in a bargaining box at Wal-Mart. This should be the first proof of how good the film is. Second, he starred the star of the movement of the lance Dolph Lundgren. This should be the second idea about the quality of the film. I'm still shocked that it was put on a DVD (who's wasting their money doing something like that?), Although you might imagine that there are no extra extras or footage on the DVD. In fact, there is not even a list. The movie just starts playing. <br /> <br /> First, the writer deserves to be tortured and killed. It contains one of the worst scripts ever written and suffers from one terrible linings; an incredibly fake dialogue, and inappropriate comments (such as my comment on Lundgren's. There is no single sounding line in the entire film. Dialogue and conspiracy go hand in hand, where the text and the scheme are quite meaningless. He hates the two of them for no apparent reason at first, and then again for no reason at all. She cuts me off on the side of the road and goes to the other side of the car. "I will not let you leave alone, even though I'm like me! I want to see you kill !, or something so, anyway.There is a disgusting one-sided, mostly told by me.For example, when a man ridicules a bad guy, he says to me, "You have the right to remain silent. You have the right to be dead! Finally, I will mention the inappropriate and completely illogical comment made by me about the lower areas of Lundgren. When the bad guys begin to attack after a seemingly random love scene between Lundgren and Carrere, and Lundgren decides to fight them in his underwear, he says to me: "If we die, I just wanted to tell you that you have the biggest dick I've ever seen on a man. This is not logical and not even possible (Lundgren does not actually see me naked, so how does he know?), But the writer gave it in the text anyway.The whole movie looks like a kind of video game, and admits me to that.Once Lee and Lundgren Who wears only the underwear of all these bad guys, Lee also gives a wonderful comment: "Wow, this is a bit like a video game; Our first wave! <br /> <br /> Second, the plot of this film is despicable. In my opinion, he suffers mainly from the fact that he does not exist. The trailer of the film - provided by IMDb for the show, by the way - makes it look as though the film is about two policemen trying to prevent Yakuza from taking over the Lost Angeles. This is very misleading, since the film has absolutely nothing to do with it. They point to very vague signals to Yakuza trying to start working with methamphetamine with local drug dealers, but the entire film revolves around a badly written attempt for Kenner (Lundgren figure) to avenge the death of his parents, who killed the leader of Yakuza (named Yoshida) Only years. The entire plot can be summed up basically like this: Yoshida wants Kener dead, Kenner wants Yoshida's death, and the two are trying to kill each other. And of course all the time while the cynical owner Kenner acts (named Johnny and plays Brandon Lee) like a foolish idiot, and Tia Carrier naked. Twice. <br /> <br /> Acting is one of the worst parts of the whole movie. The dialogue is very unrealistic, and their portrayal of the insincere is all the more so. You're expecting a bad representation of motion stars anyway, but this film highlights some of the most unthinkable acts ever recorded. <br /> <br /> Finally, we get to the core of the film: the grossly wrong work. There are many amazing and unrealistic sequences of events in this film, which is quite impressive as they were able to contain everything. Although Lee has his fair share of bad sights as well, most of the really horrific events include Lundgren. For example, Lundgreen takes carelessly four or five Kung Fu bad guys with one hand, without spilling tea. Then, when surprised by a speeding car coming, Lundgren jumps by. Or what about when he arrives through a closed door, grabbed the villain on the other side, pulled him back through the door, and hit him? Or when he picks up Tia Carrere, walks (not running) gently back through a glass door smashing around him, and jumps up from a single floor with Tia in his arm, just to lift the whole car without any effort and use it as a barrier to protect them from bullets? All the terrible gunfights are also horrifying, with Lundgren and Li being killed by every bad person immediately, while the lead rain from the 50 attackers does not seem to hit either. This, of course, even the scene of the final battle of the film. Lundgren gets an empty point in his bare chest in an area, even if he manages to lose his heart. He will immediately fill the lungs with blood and kill him within seconds. Despite this, Lundgren is still in excellent condition and can get rid of it in the middle of a procession with Yoshida, the very wicked villain. Of course, people in a procession dressed in samurai carry real and sharp catheters, used by the two in sword fighting. Now in addition to his wound, Lundgren has been hit by several deep slices in his chest and arms. Does this prevent him? No, of course not! In fact, a few seconds after the evil Yoshida was killed easily (attached to a wheel resembling a Dartboard board and then exploding for no reason), Lundgren walks casually with Tia and me as if he had not been hurt at all. Oh God, it is terrible. <br /> <br /> All of these factors are mixed with an absolutely nude scene, every five minutes, including naked women at a party, a naked woman's head, naked women in a strip club, naked women in a Japanese spa, A useless hot tub and a love scene with Tia. Not to mention the trip to the exotic sushi bar, where rich Japanese men eat sushi from naked women. This, by the way, prompts me to say with false enthusiasm that after defeating the bad guys he and Lundgren will "eat fish from those bare chicks!" Which, of course, followed by a rise of five alarming. And we can not forget the terrible editing too, as happens when the bad guys crush a trapped man in a car in an untidy yard, leaving the editors at a really clear glimpse of the fake doll. The credits also list a huge list of imaginary workers, which means that many of the events were probably not done by movie stars after all. <br /> <br /> In the end, this film repeatedly trumps the same insolence. It is illogical and impossible, and as a result, remarkably amusing. If you are looking for any kind of studied cinema, this film will make you want to die. If you're looking for a good laugh and a good time to make fun of bad filmmaking, this movie will delight you. As a real sponsor, I will merit this film 0.5 out of 10. As an amusing way to waste an hour and eighteen minutes, however, this beauty takes the cake.
