The funny sound you might hear when you close this wonderful copy of the classic "Journey to the Earth Center" by Jules Verne is Verne's spinning in his grave. The only thing in authoring for 80 minutes which has to do with "Journey to the center of the earth" is the title. Otherwise, everything else in this dull production is new and not worth watching. In fact, the director here at IMDb.COM wrote that he took only eight minutes from "Journey to the Earth Center" and reviewed the studio part of the sequel "Dollman" helmer Albert Pyun to his film "Alien of L.A." With Cathay Ireland. It is clear that the producers have run out of money and to meet their contractual obligations abroad, have vaccinated Pyun's sequel to Rusty Lemorande's film. Please, do not rent or buy this miserable piece of garbage. <br /> <br /> Unlike Henry Levin's "Journey to the Center of the Earth" (1959) with James Mason and Pat Boone, Limorande's Journey to the Earth Center "takes place in contemporary times in Hawaii. (Paul Caravottis of "Blind Date") and his comic book Brian's Nasty Brother (Ilan Mitchell Smith of "Strange Science") set out to explore a cave. The heroine Crystina (Nicolas Cooper of Underworld) In a domestic service called "Nannies R Us." Being a nanny was a lifelong dream of Crystina, but she achieved less than the five jobs she received from the nanny. The new Crystina client, rock star Billy Foul (Jeremy Crutchley of Doomsday), who plans to organize a final concert to revive his volatile career, has a dog called Bernard Paul wants Kristina to take her to a day-to-day spa, and Christina waits for her own taxi to arrive when a hotel host inadvertently neglects a basket that conceals Bernard in the Jeep of Richard. As you can see, Paul hid his dog in a basket because the motel management prevented pets in their workplaces altogether. The dog was disguised as a human child. In any case, Crystina realized a taxi and informed the driver following Richard. <br /> <br /> After fishing with them for her dog, the taxi sails and leaves. Christina Richard is demanding her return to the city, but he has other plans. Unfortunately, Cristina joins the youth and is lost, and then find themselves in the lost city of Atlantis, a dictatorial state governed by a dictator, in the middle of the earth. The rulers of Atlantis tell their compatriots again and again that there is no life on the surface. Our heroes and protagonist stumble upon Atlantis by chance. Atlantis looks like a disco and everyone seems to have gone straight out of the evil rock opera. The Archbishop of Atlantis, General Ricov (Janet de Plessis of the "Beatle"), organized a surface raid with the first human clone, Wanda Sankosim (Cathay Ireland), to visit Atlantis. As expected, General Rickoff's machinations to rule Atlantis and overthrow the earth fail, and our heroes and heroine save today. <br /> <br /> "Journey to Earth Center" is an abomination. The film seems to be a comedy despite superficial satire about dictatorships. Albert Pune is one of my favorite directors of low-budget business, but he has blown it into this light-colored fantasy of science fiction.
