A trip to the Earth Center is the story of some Hawaiian tourists, three of whom are brothers, one of whom is a young British nanny raising her children. When the brothers accidentally go out in their pockets with a basket of dog biscuits, the nanny follows them (maybe safer to buy more) all the way to the cave that the brothers are trying to explore (I think). For some reason, they actually go to the cave, and then, when the place begins to bow, they try to come out of vain, except for the six year old sister who tells them to ask for help. At the same time, the more they move in the cave, the more they will retreat further towards the core of the cavernous land. Here, they find here the city of Atlantis and its alien foreign population living under the oppressive rule of a foreigner who does not want them to ask many questions about their outside world. <br /> <br /> Rusty Lemorande, the film's nominated director, has commented on this film, explaining that part of the last half of this film is actually a sequel to the Alien in LA Well, however, it was an incredibly cheap film Surprisingly, I would be just a little higher than City Limits (1988 science fiction film also with a non-existent budget) because at least in the end, at least for this awful piece of uncompromising filmmaking that cuts corners can aim at some humor and entertainment in the last 20 minutes When we finally see how life in the strange world looks at the center of the earth. I also give it a two star rating instead of one rating because it was sometimes funny, even if it was in fine detail. For example, foreigners ask a British girl if she is foreign and explain that the ministry should send her work visa soon. Or when you find the strange girl Brian and explain that he is in the city of Tantis and misses it for Atlantic City, New Jersey. Small things like that make crap the first hour or very acceptable. Imagine how wonderful the movie would have been if they had 1) actually intended to produce it, and 2) actually had the money to accomplish it. <br /> <br /> I do not like the way in the end, no one wonders what happened to the little sister that was initially sent for help. She wandered around caves in Hawaii and not far from the erupting volcano.
