Lame movie. Quite uninteresting. No chemistry at all between Indiana Jones and the guy from Black Hawk Down. The chase scene is always going on. They have been able to switch vehicles several times, but they always end up on the tail of the bad guys. The scene Hartnett took over the family car with the children who were crying at the back was completely stupid. He tells them about Eastern philosophy and how it is right to die, which I think the writers thought was funny or even clever. I just came out as a fool and totally unbelievable and even harsh. <br /> <br /> Some sub-schemas have not been explored; they have been used only as fillers. Why does Hartnett get to see the bodies of the dead and yet continue to demand burgers at the crime scene? Why, on what basis, a bad IA man is suddenly arrested by the president? Why can I catch IA from the friendly policemen then let them answer their phone or pretend they are Indian mystics then let them out of there without there being a slap on the wrist? For some reason, although Ford was exposed as a cheat and cheat when he acted as a realtor (compensates for prices when he tries to sell the product house to raise his own commission), they continue to return to him anyway! They knew he lied to both of them! However, they were there, where they reached terms that the two said they would not go to. Stupid, just stupid. This is also one of the policemen's films where they shoot arbitrarily on public streets without any care in the world for innocent bystanders. There, they were standing just on the pavement, exploding away as people were hiding in search of a cover. It's amazing that they did not collide with one person after they launched about 60 rounds for each of them .... <br /> <br /> The script was awful, the sequence of motion was boring, and the plot was just a side view of a very pathetic attempt to have our root For Ford and Hartnett. Failure failed miserably. The Ford phone! Turn off the damn thing! How many times can it ring in a two-hour film? 50? 60? It was a frustratingly depressing midpoint in the film! Every 30 seconds, you'll play this stupid tone! If it was not Ford, then Hartnett would ring! It was incredibly troublesome! <br /> <br /> A total loss of time, Ford's worst film in 6 days and nights, which was without a doubt the lowest point in his career.
