Well, this movie actually made me feel so strong that I was involved in IMDb account only to warn people. It is a nice! Nothing logical in this film. There is way too many subplots to start. The character of Josh Hartnett is an ambitious actor and a yoga instructor as well as a policeman who seems to live beyond his potential and teaches yoga only to hot girls (some are waiting in the Jacuzzi when they return from work). Add to this the fact that his father had been killed by a quirky policeman taking place in the current crime being investigated by the unhappy duo. Harrison Ford is trying to sell the property on the side and sleeps with the ex-wife of the internal affairs investigator, who is running a psychological radio program demanded by the Ford character from time to time. NONSENSE !! <br /> <br /> I can not remember the names of the characters (that's what I can forget) so I'll refer to them as Ford and Hartnett. <br /> <br /> Then there is a dialogue which is brutal. I mean the things that cause earthquakes here. Throw in all the cliches in the book (having a heart to heart in a dark bar during the day on a drink where the waiter knows his name; the duo being investigated by internal affairs (why?); Hartent in the face of his father's killer) . <br /> <br /> As I mentioned, the plot is futile and the continuity does not exist: 1) When a Ford car is restored, how did the hell with the repo guys know where it will be parked? Were they following him? 2) When Hartnett goes to the morgue, this happens only when the only evidence from the crime scene is repeated (shaved) on the charred bodies there (which were lucky!) The interrogation - Ford continues to answer his phone and Hartnett " Yoga on the table. Instead of taking the phone from Ford, the IA man waits to ring each time and then tries to grab it off the table before Ford does. Meanwhile, the IA officer at Hartnett rubs itself around him. Then, inexplicably, the two are released without answering any questions. 4) While chasing the car, a Hartnett car crashed and crashed all over Hollywood but suddenly the car became perfect again. Not scratch! 5) When Ford chases the bad guy in the building and gets in the elevator how does hell know which floor the bad guy came from ?? 6) When the two chase the bad guy in a Hartnett car, Ford tries to close a real estate deal. Come on! 7) The bad guy is the most convincing record ever. His motives to kill an ambitious group of rapper on his mark? They may leave their own mark, and this is a warning to keep their other groups loyal. But wait, how will anyone ever sign up with this action plan? 8) Why is IA caught the man who achieves Ford in the end? There is no explanation! 9) Hartnett gets his "act" to catch the bad guy in the end. <br /> <br /> I can continue, I can. Anyone looking in this film deeper than a comedy action movie directly needs to test his head because that's all there is to it. There is nothing else for it! It is not supposed to be cynical or sarcastic. It's just crap.
