The film begins with director Nicholas Bell giving investors a welcome (Robert Carradine) to Primal Park. A secret project mutates a primitive animal using fossilized DNA, such as Jurassic Park, and some scientists revive one of the most feared predators in nature, a Sabretooth or Smilodon tiger. However, scientific ambition becomes deadly, and when the high-voltage fence is opened, the creature escapes and begins to chase its prey wildly - human visitors, tourists and scientists. At the same time, some young people enter the restricted area in the security center and are attacked by a pack of large prehistoric animals that are more deadly and larger. In addition, the security officer (Stacey Heidock) and her colleague (Bryan Weimar) are fighting hard against Smilodons carnivores. Of course, the Sabretooths, themselves are real stars and they are astounding even though they are not hooded. The giant animals hunt wildly for their prey and the group escapes its fight and fights the most predatory animals in nature. Moreover, the Sabertooth III is more dangerous and slow chasing its victims. <br /> <br /> The movie delivers the goods with a large amount of blood and paper such as the chills of his head, and the chills of the hair, full of apprehensions when the Sabretooths appear with modest special effects that provide an exciting and exciting story, but lead to being completely boring. Giant animals are the majority made by a computer generator and look very poor. The shows are mediocre although the players interact appropriately with becoming food. Participants offer powerful physical performances that avoid monsters, running, bound, jumping or hanging walls. The Final Assassin's Assassin packs are ridiculous. Not for young children through realistic, bloody and violent attack scenes. Other films about Sabretooths or Smilodon are: abSabretooth (2002) Jamesby James R Hickox with Vanessa Angel and David Keith and John Rhys Davies and the much10.000 BC (2006) by Roland Emmerich with Steven Strait, Cliff Curtis and Camilla Bell . This film full of bloody moments is directed by George Miller badly and without authenticity because it takes a lot of elements from previous films. Miller is an Australian director who usually works on television (Tidal Wave, Journey to Earth Center, and many others) and sometimes for cinema (Man from the Snowy River, Zeus and Roxanne, Robinson Crusoe). Rating: Below average, bottom of barrel.
