Giving me this grade 3 is not what I would like to give him the original Soviet version of this film. American-International (a studio specializing in low-budget fare in the 1960s) seems to have bought and destroyed this film - a two-hour film in a 64-minute movie! In addition, a large part of these 64-minute new material (such as "monsters") - so you know that this movie is almost like the original. The original film seems to be a direct drama about the Soviet invasion of space - although I'm not really sure what it was originally! For an insight into the original film, read Review by Steven Nayland - was very helpful. <br /> <br /> By the way, this was the third Soviet science film I saw bought by American-International, and I created it regardless of making a "new" movie - a standard practice for a company that was willing to put anything on the screen to make a buck - provided , Of course, did not cost them more than just a buck in the first place !! This American film about two rival world powers (not the United States and the Soviets) was trying to be the first of Mars. The "bad guys" try hard to fail, but the "rescue" rescues a dumb astronaut and then heads for Mars. Unfortunately, they are temporarily stranded on Mars where they see some monsters (added by American International) that are cheesy REAAAALLY and resemble one resemblance to a specific part of the female anatomy. After that, they are saved - back to the heroes of the earth. <br /> <br /> The bottom line is that the movie has been slaughtered - turning an incredibly beautiful piece of art (at the moment) to a C movie grade. For this reason, the Soviets really had a reason to hate America! I was just shocked that the terrible job I did with this movie did not convince them to refuse to sell more movies to these shakes! It's worth looking for laughter, but the bad moments that make you laugh are few and far between. So, the film is a failed film - not bad enough to make it indispensable for bad movie buffs and dopey that should not be taken seriously. I really like to see this movie in its original form - it must have some pictures.
