Monster is a horrible horror film about a wicked American concrete factory (is there anything else in Hollywood?) The water of Chimayo Colombian small town somehow forms a monster that looks like catfish with a tendency to sheep and ladies. James Mitchum is Bill Travis, the man who was sent to Chimayo by his deceitful boss Barnes, who can not himself keep his hands on the back of his secretary to get to the bottom of the story (meaning pun). While in Chimayo Bill, she has to compete with an annoying reporter who appears to be broadcasting all her stories in perfect English directly to America. I think in the 1970s there was a news market from small South American cities. There is also an extremist called Sanchez who wants to sabotage the plant to pollute the waters that, by the way, provide the town with jobs for the local population, but why are cold-hearted economies leaving their way to sensitive Marxism? . The monster receives the help of the factory house accidentally when he fucks his ex-girlfriend on the beach, and tells her that he sees the daughter of Mayor Juanita and ends up between them, and then is eaten immediately that night. Small side action without manual. My appreciation and respect for you sir. John Cardin concludes the team as a priest who believes that God sent the beast to punish sinners. You can see his disdain for being in this film in his face. Perhaps his picture as he ran to the local currency to see if his check did not revive. <br /> <br /> It is supposed to be based on a true story, so much so that they say it twice in the opening credits, this film is appalling on all fronts. Filming began in 1971 and was abandoned for up to eight years when Kenneth Hartford put his foot in the throat of Monster by adding his two annoying children as new characters, until he put his daughter Andrea at the top of the bill with Mitchum and Carden. Sound quality does not exist Most of the scenes seem to look like someone tarnished the tar on the camera before filming. This is the most boring during many scenes done at night. The beast itself is laughable because it raises its ugly rubber head for its anti-impact end. James Mitchum and his brother Chris are proof of the need to reduce nepotism in the acting industry. Dreck is not quite possible. Shame on you, John Carden.
