In the summer, which also boasted an unpleasant foul smell like snakes on a plane and the Da Vinci Code, this is a very bold statement. But I stand beside him. Superman Returns, like King Kong 6 months ago, is compact, highly indulgent and with CGI even eyeballs. My God, these things do my head in them. <br /> <br /> Richard Downer had the idea of ​​"keeping it real" for his second matches. I find that his style of special and visual effects is the most appropriate. Brian Singer strikes us with so much CGI that he actually takes you out of the story and keeps reminding you that you're watching a famous movie betting that the only way to convince an audience is to spend $ 250 million on hateful visual effects that do not live up to the level Noise. We have seen everything and it was everywhere that CGI can take us. There is no real atmosphere or involvement in this. And for a film made up of 95% of this nonsense ... well, you discover it. <br /> <br /> I've read a lot of reviews from Fanboy's critics about how the film has a "spirit" or "human heart" or "moments of personal tenderness." PUH Leasing! We've already had Super Heroes heroes screaming silently "You love me if you know who I am dozens of times already in recent years and SR offers nothing new at all in this regard until the trash plot is recycled." Lex Luthor (Kevin Spacey) Dangerous and dangerous) to plan to destroy the land area in the first movie already! And, well ... that's your lot! It's amazing that they managed to get this unwanted 2.5 hours into a painful! Even if the team is loved, you'll make it less But Brandon Roth has the screen personality of a man with a mahogany hat, Kate And Sorth is not entirely convinced as a Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist, James Marsden is a 250% woodman, as usual and Kevin Spacey needs to sack his agent or get some better judgment.The only actor I liked was the beautiful Parker Bossi, but in pretty-looking girls. > <br /> Every year, movies like this are bigger and more realistic, very soon we will have $ 300 million of movies, and studios need to realize that they may have to start looking down instead of looking up. For all the money that Warner spent on a pile of these craps, for all the resources that this movie commissioned ... was it worth it? In my opinion, definitely not! I put this trash of Superman for life!
