First, let me comment on what I liked in the film. The special effects were fantastic, and I rarely felt like I was watching a video game. There, this is the last nice thing I should say about this film. In fact, I would just like to read everyone who reads this note that I can not even mention the words how hard it was for me to write this review without performing the section. <br /> <br /> I have countless complaints about the film, but there are four major complaints you can think of. My first major complaint concerns the astonishing cheese of "twisting the plot" (if you can call it because most people may have seen it come a mile away) where 5-year-old Lewis's son turned out to be Superman's supernatural son. When the super-boy threw a piano cry on Lex's followers to save his mother, she almost got up and left the theater. The singer could have made Superman much better without resorting to cheap tricks like an illegitimate child who looks fragile but recently works illegally. It's been 5 days since I saw the movie and I still want to vomit. <br /> <br /> My next major complaint relates to the fact that Superman is flying a continent of kryptonite into outer space. It does not take a comic book from the Simpsons to point out what's wrong with that. I do not know the number of picture books read by Brian Singer, but when Superman is exposed to a small amount of kryptonite, he barely has the strength to stay on his feet. Anyone who has the idea to fly a large island made up of his biggest weakness in space has nothing to do with any Superman projects again. The concept is as ironic as making a Dracula movie where a personal figure has an interest in his heart and is still able to lead a spaceship made of garlic to the sun. Why not only Superman eat kryptonite? He can eat it, clean his teeth with it, then sleep in his pajamas. This is no longer ridiculous, and then he brings the continent of Kryptonite into space, then falls helplessly through the air without burning back or spraying all over the central park when it hits the ground. <br /> <br /> My third major complaint relates to the fact that the singer applauds filmmakers across the face with a religious symbol that is the entire film. I have a problem with his description of Superman as the only son of a god who resembles God and who was sent to earth to be a savior. He was not a wise man, but a scientist. He did not send his son to the ground to be a savior, threw him into a rocket and hurled him into space because his constellation was about to explode. I will buy a symbolic story of Christ if Brian Singer can show me the part of the Bible where God sends Christ to Earth because the sky is about to explode, and then the cutting of the radioactive sky becomes the fundamental weakness of Christ. Moreover, the scene of "steel" where the luthor stabbing Superman on the "spear" side of the kryptonite makes me just want to throw my face on the brick so I'm too dead to notice the unmistakably clear and indecent symbolism of staining the man's steel for the foreseeable future. They may rename this movie "Superman Returns: The Passion of Christ". <br /> <br /> Speaking of Luthor, my last major complaint concerns the portrayal of the singer Lex Luther. Lex Luthor is a brilliant, well-prepared, presidential candidate (he does in comedy) trying to destroy the world. Man wants money and power. He wants to be responsible, not destroy everything. After Luthor see Superman Returns, as well as all the previous Superman films, are the spoofed play spoils that come with zany schemes to destroy the world. If Singer has the lowest allegiance to the characters instead of the previous Superman movies, this movie may not be such an intolerable farce. Perhaps the next Singer project could be Batman, where he focuses on Batman's interpretation of a television show in the 1960s. Zum! WHAP! POW !! <br /> <br /> To summarize, I do not know what I hate most, or the movie itself or the fact that a lot of people seem to be offering good comments. Everyone has the right, but if you do not hate this film, it means that you think it's wrong. I sincerely encourage anyone who reads this to not watch this movie if you do not already. Do not see it, do not buy it when it is put on DVD, do not rent it ... Do not contribute any money towards it in any way. This movie is not worth earning any money. In fact, I think that for every person who sees this film, Brian Singer must be fined $ 45 billion. If you are a fan of Superman and really want to watch this movie, just bend and make someone kick you in the balls and you will get the same experience without having to waste two hours of your time.
