THHE was a remake remake film superior in everything. Most reconstructive processes end up being fully suppressed, but under the very apt direction of Alexandre Aja, it has become one of the best in terms of re-publishing and also of the sexually transmitted species of terror. In the steps part 2 of the output of another individual Martin Weiss and written by the father and son combo of Jonathan Wes "I can make a good horror film to save my life anymore" Craven and if this is any indication of Yaz's skills in guidance and young Craven writing skills we all see For a painful future because THHE 2 not only fails to be as good as the first but also fails to entertain at any level. <br /> <br /> We start with the birth of a fairly mutant child. Which although it is fairly cool, will not prepare you for the absolute garbage that will come, just a hint to what can be in this film. Next, we see a team of scientists being introduced and sent all by radioactive rejection. In the steps of our main team of reserve soldiers in the army to save the day, this is where the main problems begin. <br /> <br /> From sub-representation (yes even for this kind of film) to the horrible characters to the lack of real carnage for most of the run-time, THHE 2 becomes an act to be watched where nothing happens very much when stupid soldiers commit mistake after error Only to meet there, not through mutants but themselves. Think of marines in foreigners just the opposite and you have an idea of ​​how to train these soldiers. This is the real shame of the film because most occupants of the hills do not get the murder you want to see, as in the first film, in fact if this is not attached to THHE 2 at the beginning and a brief introduction at first to link this loosely to the first could have been This is almost an original Sci-Fi channel. <br /> <br /> Well, the Mountain Mutant Mountain birds are not really amusing this time in fact they are often much less important to our previous group as they all bear fruit rather than being under design and attention. The person who took the cake was a loony-like monster (you know Sloth from Goonies) who helps them in the third season. I was waiting for him to ask about Ruth Roth or to start eating Rocky Rhode Ice Cream. Really disappointing and shameful is the only way to describe most of what is going on here. <br /> <br /> Juggling in the film but not nearly as visceral as the original actually seemed to be immersed for the most part other than the birth scene of a mutant child there is really nothing that emerged in the first. Another major strike against this film. So what worked here, the answer is nothing at all. It looked like a supplement designed specifically to make money from the success of the first film and not to produce a "good" movie already. <br /> <br /> I can watch Crazy Train SGT, the radio guy who has an impediment to speaking (that's right, it's the kind of person I want to call to help in a real crisis) or a peaceful fighter that resembles the exact mold of a character like "Our Hero "In the first film I think you get the point. This film is not even in the same league or even in the same planet first. It must have been granted another nickname and added to the Saturday Night Line on the Sci-Fi channel. It was possible to make a real shame as a strong supplement, but unfortunately it seems another horror film that drops the ball on almost every level and will get one of the lowest grades I get, where THHE 2 gave the same result I got: 2/10 Terrible: Can not The lyrics have to describe how bad this film is, and it is a complete pole opposite its predecessor in all ways, which is uninspiring and superfluous. Next time you guys if you want to make this a bad sequel ... do not bother. Please do not go support this garbage in the theaters, save your money and thank me later!
