Surely this funny and incompetent film is the most misleading versions of "Hamlet" to get to the screen. To go forever, such as portraying Ophelia in a straight jacket, the Fortinbras Army suddenly appears on the horizon (much like the peak of "Monte Python and the Holy Grail") when the palace appears to be guarded only by Francisco (who cries out) The unofficial United Nations cry for Shakespeare for "ataaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaack" before being shot), and a large number of stars' stars that returned to the days of Jamie Caniz Bottom and Mary Pickford of Kate. <br /> <br /> Prang chose an Edwardian environment but at the same time decided to use almost non-text, so that the dialogue deeply rooted in Elizabeth's mentality had no meaning in the context in which it was implemented. Prang does not care about such subtle details as the ambiguous nature of Hamlet's and Olivier's relationship, where the audience is treated with a nude sexual spectacle between the couple that places any ambiguity outside the stained glass window. <br /> <br /> Brunagh's unpolished text allows him to indulge in his favorite movie career: more footage of Kenneth Branagh. This is not quite as clear as in the "How All Occasions Inform Against Me" speech, which ends the first half of the nineteen-hour film (at least that seems to be), which is trying to play a dramatic surge like Gone With the Wind "I will not be Never hungry. " This may serve the ego of Prana, but it does not serve Shakespeare or speech: When I saw the movie in the theater, he bowed to my companion and mocked him "great moments with Mr. Hamlet." Pranage saves the most tasteless moments when he tries to outperform Olivier and the death of Claudius, who celebrates after Hamlet jumps from a high tower to the monarch, giving him the sword. Dranagh's Dane in the King is done by throwing a magical singer starring it all over the palace to run through the heart of Claudius with the bull's eye super hero. The only thing that saved the moment of unbearable insanity was that it was very funny. <br /> <br /> While this film has been praised in some circles as a serious portrayal of the tragedy, in fact nothing but a starry show of a talented film director at one time surpasses his narcissism. The emperor has no clothes, and Hamlet has nothing to offer but a little unintended laugh and a rude look at the vanity of one man for control.
