Well, let's not get confused here. If this is a sequel to remake the original classic horror film, does this also mean that it is automatically a new version of the classic horror sequel? Here's the hope that this is not a general rule, as Wes Craven's own sequel to "The Hills Have Eyes" original? Released somewhere in the mid 80's? Is one of the worst worst and absolute horror movies ever. The second part did not have a real plot and reuse footage of the original just to continue to exploit the success of the bold and corrupt hypothesis. Craven wanted to believe even dogs with memories of the past and painful memories, as the German family of the devoted family of Sheppard has re-experimented with bloody fighting with a mountain mountain mountain. There were some troubling signs that this sequel would be a terrible failure as well. The new edition came barely a year ago and here is a supplement already? The amazing speed of its release makes you wonder about the quality of the script. Do not they need more time if they want to come out with a movie that should be scary, threatening and annoying? In his excellent film, Alexander Agha changed public opinion on the re-production of terror alone, having the courage and intelligence to change the essential elements of the plot and add more nausea than anyone had expected. Also, Aga is a very talented young director, making himself observed with the classic French cult "High Tension", but who is this new director? The "The Hills Have Eyes" at Aja was an unexpected success, appreciated by both experienced and older fans of horror as well as younger and more enthusiastic target audiences. It's a really good film, and although a series of new clones and clones is inevitable, it's unlikely that they will be equal to the amazing quality of Aja's break. With all this in mind, in addition to a large dose of personal uncertainty, I must admit that this accelerated supplementation is not really as appalling as expected. The film's scenario is routine and vulgar. It presents a very large number of characters with a few or even no backbone, and tastelessly depicts how they are slaughtered by repulsive traditional freaks. After the events of the first film, the US Army established a camp in the middle of the new Mexican Sahara to investigate the effects of the nuclear tests that took place there in the 1950s and 1960s. For survivors who have been terribly mutilated in the miners' community who stayed there during radioactive tests, scientists and researchers are making a delicious start until the main course of incompetent soldiers arrives on trucks. They are just supposed to give up on food and supplies but face their final military training when they face the ruthless people who live inside the remaining mines. <br /> <br /> This is basically just other minor numbers still angry with dumb characters who are still stupid enough to separate themselves from the group and act as easy kill targets, even after many of their friends have already lost. It is also very easy to point out who will emerge from this adventure alive, especially when one of the soldiers is against all kinds of violence and constantly staring at video images of her beautiful 3-year-old son. "The Hills Have Eyes II" completely lacking ?? As expected? Authenticity, logic and reasonable positions. Exciting miners do not resemble the threat of their classmates in the first part, mainly because they are disorganized this time and act only like hungry monsters for sexual models and monsters of hunger. Because you do not care about GAI enthusiasts. Joe's "Heroes" certainly do not feel any sympathy for the eyes in the hills, this film is actually less convincing and engaging than the original film last year. More strangely, this second film is hardly violent and full of priority! The lack of suspense and absence of sudden transitions is usually punished with additional blood sheds and more graphic murder sequences, but the act in this sequel is really tame compared to the earlier scenes of illness. There are a bunch of scenes to please the bloodthirsty horror fanatics ?? Mainly show the soldiers falling down the slopes or shooting from their guns? But unfortunately there are no horrific or terrible battles for doggy attacks. what a shame! What is the benefit of the sequel if it fails even to exceed the level of gravity and / or the unjustified filth of the origin? Fortunately, the film is never too boring or emotionally emotional, and you will get more pleasure discovering all the things that make no sense to it. For example, wallets fall from the heads of people stained with blood, women without any muscle strength cast the soldiers of the ass and? My personal favorite? Assigning one disabled soldier to occur to operate wireless communications.
