Last year, The Hills Have Eyes was one of the best attempts to update the mysterious exploits of the 1970s in a new audience. Alexander Aga allowed an impressive degree of personal development and when the violence began, it was savage and savage and carried out all in a scene of impeccable design and photography. I was one of the few people who thought it was better than the original and looked forward to a second visit to the dark and particularly harsh world of wild desert mutations. <br /> <br /> 'The Hills have Eyes 2', released just one year after the original, seems to be a hasty attempt to take advantage of the franchise without thinking about quality. It was possible to write Jonathan Craven's script on the weekend, given the speed with which this film was made in cinemas, most likely. It retracts all the cliches of the vulgar genre in the book while offering nothing new at all to the myths of the desert boom. I've always pulled Anina out of disappointment when he replaces the complement of civilian figures in the army. Soldiers are always written lazily and never fail to carry a crude cartoon of macho nonsense. In my opinion, "Aliens" was the only film that succeeded in making such a move, because of James Cameron's talent, not only for directing the best sequence of actions around him, but never forgetting that the public should care about people who are being slaughtered. He was also assisted by some truly talented actors. With "The Hills have Eyes 2", it's clear that the video director Martin Weisz is not James Cameron, and that television crews have neither the talent nor the inclination to turn their cartoon characters into anything close to human living and breathing. <br /> <br /> Needless to say, each character is a general and general cliché. They act in stupid and illogical ways, and make stupid and illogical decisions that lead them to stupid and illogical deaths in a predictable manner. The last half of the film becomes just another scenario chasing and chasing through the dark. The "Landing" (by Sam McCordy, by chance, as a film industry) proved that even the most compelling series can still be performed with real authenticity and suspense, but we do not see such innovation here. <br /> <br /> "The Hills Have Eyes 2" is just a very lazy movie, free of any suspense, tension or surprise, with no one remotely interested in producing anything of quality. It is a tame and tired excuse for a sequel and deserves to spend the rest of his life in a Blockbuster bargaining box.
