"The Hills Eyes II", one of the most senseless sequences and fools that appear at some time, is 90 minutes of unprofessional filmmaking at its best. Or worse, yet you choose to look at them. While the "Hills" version of 2006 was one of the best horror movies of the year, this sequel takes every spark that makes this achievement. Part 2 is inseparable from the earth, and does not think of dialogue stunned. Worst of all, this is not scary. <br /> <br /> A new edition of 2006 follows a family that found itself in the middle of the desolate New Mexico desert, one after the other being picked up by people from the stricken hills and sadists. People who, as a result of the military test of the atomic bomb on their land for years, have become who they are. Surviving travelers who roam the area. The sequel puts the masses in the desert itself, occupied by the army now as they secretly investigate the hills and what may happen to that poor family. When a group of military trainees is brought to the camp site, they find it abandoned without any signs of life. They soon encounter a grim truth, realizing that they are not alone. And the bloody fate that has been handed over to many before them will soon become their fate. <br /> <br /> It does not take a genius to realize that "hills" have no legitimate reason to exist. But given the reception of the last year's edition well either at the box office or by critics, it is no surprise that the series of products are accelerating to production while there is still money to be earned. There is no rhyme or reason for this time, just an incredible and ridiculous collection to pave the way for unthinkable characters, non-original murders, a non-existent story, and declining interest. Originally, the director Alex Alexander made the Craven cult classic in a new edition was a unique and completely troubling experience. One crossed the ugly line in more than one occasion. His explicit presentation of violence, sadistic torture, the adamant description, and the thrill of white were used effectively to shock and repel the masses. The second time, it was redrafted. There is no pattern, no gravel. He is trying to increase tension by cutting corpses, when all he really does is do this gentle film, as it seems that the jitters are confused compared to modern blood cells. <br /> <br /> It is sad when the mutilated mutants that capture women for reproductive purposes fail to keep your attention. It bears, nothing more. "Hills" has no bite. Despite the jump or two here and there, there is nothing too scary about the terrible flick. It looks like something you see on a Sci-Fi channel, just with some F-bombs, blood stains here and there, rape, and a more dramatic birth scene than a shock. It's cheap. And with the "hills," reap what you sew. With no effort, you can not expect anything in return. <br /> <br /> Aja was replaced by Martin Weiss as a director who was the first big mistake in the film, all he does is drain the film of any kind of emotional resonance. But the most shocking thing is the very bad scenario, coined by Wes Craven and his son, Jonathan Craven. You ask, how bad can it be? This is the type of dialogue that makes any comparison look like Shakespeare. Craven got his fair share of deceptions in the past, but I did not expect anything like that from him. It's very funny, you have to wonder, does Craven play a joke in this? Or did he throw this at his son after the studio pushed him? Movie characters are modern conversational heads with no emotions or common sense. Representation is just as bad. The only personality that might win you is Naples Napoleon, a terrible child who does not agree with others. Even the mixed and instinctive villains, who may have found some sense of their deepest thoughts a year ago, were met with indifference. You do not hate them, do not love them. You honestly can not care less. Just like this movie. <br /> <br /> Even if you are overbearing with The Hills Have Eyes, you will find it hard to find anything you can enjoy in this trash. It's as generic as it gets in general, and there's nothing at all here we have not seen done several times already. I can not express this enough, and avoid "The Hills Have Eyes II" like Plague. He is afraid, not genuine, frantic, and carrying. Stick to the remake or see the original Craven. If you do not come out after the first 30 minutes, do not say I did not warn you.
