I watched this movie on its release, and watched it 3 or 4 other times, including last week. I regret that I must be a voice of dissent with regard to Mr. Pranag's performance. <br /> <br /> It's a truly glorious film, and I have not said anything about ambition for more than 4 hours - it was beautifully filmed and designed. Derek Jacoby, Julie Christie, Kate Winslet, Richard Breyers and many others work in good jobs. Then there is Kenneth Branagh. If there is ever a vanity project for a representative, that is, Mr. Branagh spares nothing in putting Ham in Hamlet. Ranging from the play experience (which gives us the worst performance ever by Miscast Jack Wemmon), to parts of distraction that were put to give a "natural" feel to his own performance, which runs a whole series of disposal of the most famous solo soliloquy in all the literature for each A line of others. His performance confirms that although he may appear better on stage where size is more necessary, he has never been a great cinematic actor. The budget of the scene can be loaded onto the food, where Mr. Branagh eats a lot of them. His performance is a perfect example of why they do not go to see Shakespeare - "full of voice and anger, meaning nothing." If there is a mistake in its direction, it keeps the camera firmly attached to its excessive performance. <br /> <br /> No matter what theories people might put on Bard, he was, after all that was said and done, a playwright. His plays shine in the fact that his themes are universal and immortal. Although there is no "correct" way to play his plays, there is certainly a great representation, good behavior and bad representation. Shakespeare himself gives instructions to players in the same text "Hamlet". It amazes me how Mr. Brange "mouths", but he did not hear them. He has been an example of spending a lot of time figuring out how he will say something, and very little to know what he is saying. <br /> <br /> While Mr. Branagh has certainly done a great job producing some entertainment shows, it would be wise to stay behind the camera and let those who know the art of acting. His direction was always better than his representation. I still give him a huge asset for reviving interest in Shakespeare. He has developed a wonderful template for other products. It would be interesting to see him on stage, from about 20 lines. But, I hope he chooses to direct more and act less. <br /> <br /> Is it worth watching? Certainly. There are many small joys that can be found in the movie. However, it is a long and long film, and in the end, one may feel less than enjoying it.
