I suppose that all the inner jokes are made that Munchies cult classic. I thought it was terrifying, despite the funny story and nature of the characters, maybe it could have been a better and more entertaining movie. Maybe all they need is a real budget. <br /> <br /> Munchies, as many viewers have already noted, is a parody of Gremlins. Thus, all the references to the film. The film begins somewhere in Peru during archaeological excavations. An annoying Davos is named Paul, a comedian who stands ambitious and does not offer any sarcasm or ingenious jokes during the film despite his professional plans, with his father in the caves. His father is a funky type of archaeologist, looking in caves for handicrafts or mummies or anything else, but it is evidence of UF.O. Here comes the role of Munchies in the picture. Cached in the rock crevice is an ugly little mutation that looks like a round rubber doll with a Gizmo voice. They call him Arnold and hide him in a bag and take him home so that Paul's father can show evidence of additional ground life. <br /> <br /> Paul, an idiot, breaks his promise to his father by seeing Arnold (the bet he made with his father, if he loses, he will return to the Community College for a "real" career). The creepy neighbor next door with the bad rug Cecil (television warrior Harvey Korman), wonders what his neighbors are doing. So, he and his lazy son, a hippie type in his head (which looks more like they should make his character a biker or an enthusiast of heavy metals) to go and grab Arnold. why? Rich scheme of course fast. Of course, even Cecil's son is too stupid to take care of Arnold. After a few shouts and chills in Arnold, he multiplies into more Munchies. <br /> <br /> This was not a very bad film, but it was good. It was just plain awful. I hoped the Munchies had mutated and killed the morals that were always behind them, so Paul and his girlfriend. At least, there will be one way to get rid of all the bad behavior in this film that really hinders the film. Not to mention bad special effects that look like handmade dolls. Bad writing is really everywhere - it was not funny - not even that young cop who can really give you a kill spell in your eyes. As I said, Munchies, if given a real budget and better representatives, may be able to get a good parody. Human.
