The Munchies begin in the darkest depths of Peru (much like a dirt road for me) where archaeologist Simon Waterman (Harvey Korman) and his son Paul (Charles Stratton) are on an expedition. Simon believes the old Aztec buildings were actually centers of spacecraft control. He was on a mission to prove that alien life had visited Earth, while in this structure he had discovered a strange little creature stuck on his back and returning home with him to a small American town. Sweetwater in California. Simon feels that the creature is the guide he was looking for, and for some inexplicable reason decides to leave it at home while sharing it. Simon asks Paul and his wife Cindy (Nadine van der Velde) to take care of her. Meanwhile, Simon's brother and fast-food businessman Cecil Waterman (Harvey Courman again) steals the creature so that his brother does not win any money from him, but his stupid stupid wife (John Stafford) fights with her and cuts the knife but the individual parts grow back into separate small beings Leading to a lot of havoc among the townspeople ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Bettina Hersh, this should be one of the worst horror comics ever, if not the worst. The script by Lance Smith is very painless. Every joke in Munchies miss the goal of ideals, I doubt that humor in this piece of nonsense will attract teenagers. There is nothing so funny about remotely or even amusing in the Munchies as far as I'm concerned. The basic story is very nonsense. They talk to find that this creature is running without any explanation of what it is, why no one has ever seen it, how it manages to learn English so quickly and how to learn to drive. The whole thing is a great breakdown of Gremlins (1984) with no element of the film making that good. The character is a naughty, stupid deputy (Charlie Phillips) and his father (Hardy Rolls), Cecile wearing an embarrassing wig and fake shampoo and his wife Air Chief Melves (Alex Elias) and more. They're just plain awkward and ridiculous, and I challenge anyone to find any of these funny rude garbage. Munchies failed mainly in being comedy or horror and end up, yes I guessed it, nonsense. <br /> <br /> Obviously, director Hersh was working on a low budget here and shows, it's all going on in two houses, the desert, some caves and a miniature golf course. This is really cheap and inefficient filmmaking. The special effects on the Munchies themselves are truly horrific, their fair puppets that have no movement unless someone outside the camera pulls a chain attached to her arm. I can not say how bad the effects are. These things will not convince my 4-year-old nephew (as I did yesterday). Full incompetence at all, this film is absorbed. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is a bad influence, bad special effects, lame production design, garbage collection, and, everything is strange. Characterized by pass and excitement, from the police to Kurman who has a turnover both prove that he can not act and is not funny. <br /> <br /> Munchies is a really bad movie that fails in everything it tries to achieve, make sure you watch it if you want, I will not stop you but do not say you did not warn! My advice is to watch Gremlins again instead, but the decision is yours!
