Most agree that Wolverine's character is one of the most interesting characters in the history of the comic book. I'm not an expert at Marvel, but I grew up with the adventures of X-Men and I definitely agreed to portray Hugh Jackman now known as Logan Alger. I enjoyed the X-Men first, and found the sequel too heavy and chaotic, and I loved the third as a comic entertainment of the book. During the three films, I may have enjoyed Jackman more than anything else. I envisioned making the film "Origins" - Wolverine that could end up being a better film than the three X-Men. If we focused on one character, I would find that there could be a film that fulfills what I found in the second film - a rather complex comic book adventure motivated by character. <br /> <br /> The reason why Wolverine - the film failed is not because competition is tougher after the Dark Knight. It is not because of the development of a more obvious and primitive plot - although this is certainly not good - no, because it does not seem that the film is trying. First of all, this is not qualified for good entertainment. There is something about the movement in this film that comes very automatically. With no more effects or suspense, and when one event predicts the next five, it looks like Uwe Boll imitates the concept of motion / adventure movies I've seen dozens of times before. Of course, nothing in this film is as shocking as a piece of Paul ** But when everyone talks about cliches as if they were part of a series of standard events, you are at least communicating and this is definitely bad enough. <br /> <br /> But there is a bigger problem. Even a motion picture movie is a general motion movie, by the way, makes you tolerant a lot of holes confirmed and dumb characters. I think you find the basic flaw in the title itself. I mean, "assets." really? What do the people behind this film think about this title? what do they mean?? Want to know the origins of Wolverine? He grew up with his brother. They fled the house during dramatic conditions. Then they went to war. All of them! Civil War, First World War II, and Vietnam also. Why did they do this? Is still unknown. In the end, the brother (Sabertooth, played by Liev Shrieber) became evil. "What?" You ask. I do not know, it was somewhere between Omaha and Hanoi. "Yes, but why?" I still ask. I just said I do not know! The film does not explain. It's okay evil! "Yes, but ... you know," assets "" ... Yes, that's a good origin! I mean, Duh! In any case, eventually they end up with a highly clandestine team of elite elite soldiers. Something with the government, is their concern. He gets enough and leaves his brother. For six years, he is a happy woodcutter with a loved one, and ends up a little while Sabretooth suddenly reappears. "Yes, but why?" - Shut up! - and decides to be a genebig for a handful of the world of evil that made him an animal of the war animals covered with meat. After all the fighting ends with a survey of his memory, I refer to X-Men's first film. <br /> <br /> There. This is the origin. You can also find them on the back of the DVD cover. The actual movie will not tell you anything else. With no interesting scenes, there are no good heroes or villains or characters in general (lines from the audience of my couch: a fat suit! A symbolic black man Oh, I give you 200 cash if that girl survives from this movie .. be Gumbet ... mm, yes, well, uh, true This sounds pretty much like a waste of time, right? Fans will check it, or already have it. There is no stopping it. But if you love X-Men movies for no other reason than they were well-made and entertaining - see them again and do not prefer yourself by trying to find assets where there is nothing.
