Countless cash cow privilege. General Superhero flick. CGI Gallery. Gavin Hood "series of improbable events". The harmonic repetition of mutant combat scenes is intertwined with an unjustified presentation that justifies the formation / resolution of arbitrary alliances. I do not expect Shakespeare here but the cliché in the minute meter was off the charts: primitive screaming while looking up at the sky and kneeling on his murdered girlfriend. A rebel military commander. Cross crosses are predictable. Sought revenge for the loved ones of the dead. Memories erased. Evil Personality Discover ethics at the last minute. Misleading failures in the execution of enemies after their defeat in the melee. The beloved was not really dead. The lover actually acts as a spy for the enemy of the arch-heroes. The girlfriend / spy actually falls for the protagonist. Good people work for the adversary to rescue abducted family members. The evil mastermind failed to fulfill promises to reluctant employees. Please take care of the old couple of the tired hero and kill because of their problems. Some deaths were avoided as third parties reached the scene before the coup. Champion reluctantly join a secret government agency. Give up the elite squad to protest the slaughter of innocent people. Scientists are unable to control the indestructible killing machine of their creation. The "secret weapon" is obsolete but the beloved kills a better-designed but heartless successor. The hero wanders away from the debris and illuminates behind him the gasoline. After everyone surrenders, the flat-hearted heartbeat picks up the pulse. The evil mastermind explains the plans of the hero is no longer considered a threat. A hero refuses to kill a defeated enemy because he is "better than that". The character of the comic relief makes transparent underestimation of hilarious and bizarre comments. The exhilarating sibopath reveals in fatal random revolutions. Jalots close to each other through a series of walls and other physical trauma that may kill just human beings. A man sends dozens of firearms that hold the enemies, but not the skilled sword. Common sense and laws of physics, biology and chemistry temporarily abandoned. An aggressive use of the murder of a loved one as justification for the misleading crusade. <br /> <br /> I can go ahead but this is cumbersome. If you are over the age of 12 and do not live in the mother's cellar, there may not be anything here for you. So frustrating, it's not too far from the super hero movies, so discount everything you wrote if you can not get enough of that kind.
