It's official, people-Hu Hsiao Hsin had no idea in his little head. Do you wonder why he chose Shu Qi as his user? <br /> <br /> Shu (or is this Qi?) does not appear in this one. Instead, we get Yo Dotted Hitoto, a pop star apparently in Japan - according to her song at the end, she is a pop star just like the girl who serves you in Rockin 'Curry's "Actress" - The Tadanobu Lost Asano , Which is usually a quality indicator, is required to do nothing here but stand in place and appear like an Asian lover Gag, which is very old to manage. <br /> <br /> The philosophy of Hui? Life is a mystery, nothing big, I feel it and go ahead. I would like to do this but Hou does not give us anything we feel at the Lumiere Cafe behind a nice photo essay titled Life in Tokyo Circa 2003 and the harsh observation that people are ships passing through the night, no, making it trains go through today, never getting in touch, all wrestling To his own destination, usually a different kind of dark tunnel or perhaps a bridge if they are lucky. Yikes. "Shanghai Flowers" is one of the most rare films, a technical achievement and a charm of all time. How can the same director who created the opening shot of this film, which has about 12 actors talking at the speed of a machine gun for ten consecutive minutes - an impossible achievement by directing - to collide by making this realistic film under Jarmusch's pornographic two films in a row now? The Millennium Mambo may be heavyweight, but at least has two wonderful shots, the shots that hint at Hui's true invitation as an iconic film for Odyssey Redon: those are the sex scene with the rhythmic flashing lights and the opening shot of Shu Qi floating down a blue corridor. While making the Lumiere Cafe, it seems that the two wonderful shots of the Millennium Mambo have been removed to make it more consistent. Be a judge if this sounds attractive. <br /> <br /> Hou does not need to be refined - you can not improve the idea of ​​forgetting more than Shanghai flowers. It needs to expand, to bulge outward, to release the internal expressionism and activate the species that is meaninglessly dispensed with the minimum cliches. It's time for him to do a live Akira remake or something. This kind of artistic film, where actors are supposed to be original because they are held in long-range, speechless, monochromatic images, are now safe, criminal and sedentary like the motion picture film in Hollywood. It seems to me that people "in real life" never cease to be confused.) Then again, bearing in mind that 2005 alone brought large budget films as varied and rich Ideas like Aeon Flux, The Island and King Kong, it's safe now to say that even Michael Bay has surpassed Hou, which is really sad. <br /> <br /> The good news is that although Hou is in his fifties. , Frankly feel me as if it did not start. There are a few moments in this film showing that the promise still stands, like the early mood in the bookshop when the room engulfs into a bloody sunset color while Hitoto speaks of children with the faces of sprites. But whatever the fear, he makes the same film over and over again and praises him as naive and tasteless as a movie savior, hoe, your time as a lover in Rotterdam, Venice, Toronto, Berlin and almost any other film festival and people follow it quickly. Two words for you: Atom Egoyan. Two other words, or maybe three: Tsai Ming Liang. You are now panting from each of these boring scandals that are about to escalate their dark tunnels forever. You can risk your shirt on the science fiction epic, sell, or insult - but leave social criticism to people who have no eye or heart. Let your painterly talent express itself fully. You will not go out of oblivion otherwise.
