I am a relative hindrance to the transcendent work of the film's author Yasujiro Ouzu, whose views on Japanese life, especially in the post-World War II era, have been vividly reflected in world realities. Having now seen many of his historical films such as The Late Spring in 1949 and The Tokyo Story of 1953, I am convinced that Ouzu has a special talent in conveying a range of emotions arising from intergenerational conflict through an oval narrative and hidden images. It is a great ambition for Taiwanese director Hsiao-Hsin to honor Ozu in the centenary of his 2003 animated film. Among the co-scriptwriter T'ien-wen Chu, Hsiao-hsien seems to portray the images correctly but does not capture the desired emotional weight that would To make ice speed acceptable. <br /> <br /> The story revolves around Yôko, a young Japanese writer looking at the life of Taiwanese composer Jiang Wen Yi in the mid-20th century in Tokyo after returning from Taiwan where she studied Japanese. After 25 minutes of preparation, she reveals to her father and wife that she is pregnant by a student in Taiwan. At the same time, the cafe's girlfriend Hajime in Yoko, which runs a used library, has a obsession with the trains and seems to be likely to be in love with her. Hsiao-hsien connects this slender line with a series of stills held for unusually long periods as the frame configuration changes. There are also long stretches of silence in addition to the abundance of sights that show trains. While these techniques correspond to the Ozu method, Hsiao-hsien does not seem to dive in the same characters as Ozu did with maximum liquidity and minimal plays, in particular, it seems that the plight of Yóko is unfulfilled in the drama scheme provided and responded Her parents did excessively negative to hold a lot of attention. In fact, the entire film enjoys an atmosphere of disapproval, making the film feel like it is endless. <br /> <br /> Offers are unobtrusive though difficult to remember. Music star J-pop Yo Hitoto brings natural ease to Yôko, while Tadanobu Asano is one of the blades like Hajime. The rest of the characters are barely recorded, even Ninji Kobayashi and Kimiko Yu as the lukewalkers. Cinematographer Lee Ping-Bing presents an expert piece of work, although it violates the fundamental rule of Ozu films not to keep the camera stable while shooting. Hitoto speaks of the charming pop song used to end Hito-Shian credits. The DVD features an hour-long documentary in French called "Métro Lumière", which actually helps provide some context for the Hsiao-hsien approach in the film. The excerpt from Ozu's films, in particular, "Flower of Equinox", shows similarities with this film although it is surprising not to mention either the "Tokyo Story" or "Early Summer", a clear foundation for some scenes and defining positions in UBS . There are also videos edited from Hitoto, Asano and Hsiao-hsien, as well as the movie clip.
