CREEPSHOW 2 is the ominous sequel to CREEPSHOW for George Romero (exaggeration). Any follow-up of Romero's non-directed film of Romero himself has some great shoes to fill, mostly because Romero lovers who think he is God. I did not care much about the first film and it was funny enough, and I did not care much about the sequel. The film series had a lot of potential but it did not last long because both films were less than excellent. <br /> <br /> The biggest problem with CREEPSHOW 2 was that it contained only three stories (except for the inner story), and because the first story was absorbed beyond belief, the chance for almost half of the film to be * really * good. I saw CS 2 in movies and the first part was real moaning. Anything exciting with George "I can not do," Kennedy is doomed automatically. The story of the Indian statue was very camouflage and did not simply belong to this result. So, after a dull and boring beginning, there are only two other stories left to reverse the failure at the beginning of the abortive, and unfortunately the two other stories were not big enough for me to forget the first story. The rafters and successful trails are fairly successful, moderate because, although the other two have their moments, they are still the same. It basically extends two recent stories for a very long time. I do not want stories to happen at an amazing pace and finish quickly, but both good ideas within those stories have been negated by the fact that they were slow and padded and eventually fell when the sectors needed more vitality, more wrong and with punchier ends. Also, if the other two films were not extended or the three parts were more concise with better editing and direction, it would have been possible to add the fourth story badly needed to the group. There are only three tailor-made clips for a boring feast. <br /> <br /> Representation and writing in the provinces of The RAFT and HITCHHIKER are terrible to good. I love Luis Chili's in the last part. Probably the best moments on the screen regardless of her role in the role of Bond Girl Holly Godhead in Monker and in Death on the Nile. But even their role is sometimes difficult to understand because of the serviceable direction and the unfocused story. Are we supposed to hate or sympathize with them? Are we supposed to sympathize with the annoying park? If the body of a rookie was found by other people on the road, what was it when he attacked Chili's? Was it a ghost or a coma or what? How did the body eventually leave the presence of other people who found him dead to attack Chilis? The whole thing is not very clear, even for a supernatural story. The result is boring and somewhat quiet. <br /> <br /> For the notorious RAFT story, well, acting is often on the bad side and no characters are sympathetic or interesting. The characters were more interesting if the actors themselves were playing. None of the actors are convincing in their specific roles. Paul Satterfield seems more intelligent than the stupid Joke she plays, and the actress who plays the role of his girlfriend is not as convincing as the usual prostitute slut. She looks very shy. The same can be said of others playing "normal" teenagers. The idea of ​​the deadly oil spill is interesting and frightening but not well implemented. There should have been a fifth character of the story, perhaps a homeless man or a guard walking around the lake and knew about the oil spot and could have been the changing ego of the savage plank. Although the oil spill is scary, it does not make a convincing "figure." The way the story ends, everything seems meaningless. Not a punch at all. <br /> <br /> Except for the few aspects that always seem to make boring things worthwhile, seeing the CREEPSHOW 2 in the theater was a waste of money and time basically. CS 2 is a rental material more than something you pay to see it on the big screen.
