We all were there, sitting with some friends watching a bad movie, laughing at how terrible it was made and how misrepresented; eventually the credits flowed and everyone looked around and said, "How can you make a movie like that? Well, Jigsaw is not the kind of film. Instead of asking how the trash was put into the budget, you wonder why guns are fired at in the sun. Yes, it is likely that Jigsaw is the worst film ever produced or conceived. This came from someone who saw the stories of Campfire and Fever Lake. The film starts in a kind of university class, which kind of grade I'm not sure about, but it's envisioned to be a technical class. Five of them have received pieces of fashion models and asked them to design them in any way they see fit. Because there are only five pieces that other students receive in class and they receive automatic A, it is strange that there are only six students in this class Entire even gets an elegant gothic on A, good for her! A week passes, and the five students, in addition to the teacher, gather together a pair of hills in the bar to discuss their project and complete their project, and collect pieces, head, arms and legs and inform others why they chose their own designs. Now these creative geniuses use the week for their full benefit. Left, the other gets a spray gun, the right leg gets a bunch of broken ceramic pieces affixed to it and some left magazine clippings, and the head is the worst to get a camera in the eye, the Hellraiser 3, with some elegant bottle-glazing missiles. Having leaked all the courage about their own designs, the drunken teacher now says they will burn the model, now known as the Jigsaw. Now until this stage, the gallery was horrible standard movies, good acting, dialogue, and everything else, but still very reasonable, but after I picked up the fire Jigsaw game things started to turn out to be worse ... Jigsaw comes alive .. how are you Requests? I do not have any idea, he does it just because the writers could not think of a realistic way to become a pound of molded plastic (Come on guys, lightning bolt, Voodoo mobile priest, anything could work). To bring the Jigsaw to life, it uses its new abilities to walk very slowly and composite using its molded fingers to cause destruction. First, the gentle man kills some of the barbed wire, the man who was about to get it with a warm elegance that decides to drink the ground beer in a far more important place than he is. With him went the Jigsaw Jigsaw shoots the erotic girl in the face and then gives an old man a heart attack with a slight twist in his head, then saw a soupy-looking southern woman then her turbulent husband; a panorama then kills the nerd man with some headless deception. Did you mention that Jigsaw was taking parts of its victims to make a human version of itself? No! Well, it's not important that they do not even show up his terrible invention, they do not show that he is stealing the trunk from his poor creators (he may have been trying to set up the In Living Color Head Detective). So after killing these five teacher and the stagnant girl are all that remains, the teacher discovers that the panorama only needs to head to finish a masterpiece, because he is still not interested in this trunk thing. Being a coward is the teacher who connects the girl as a sacrifice with a Jigsaw that just comes to go to the teacher through an electric humming saw that has not been connected. This is where the strange film ends, and we can not even see the teacher kill or what happens to the girl, let alone explain why a panorama appeared in life or how to clean itself after burning it. This movie is very shameful, it was also seen, it takes only 71 minutes, a small part of your day; for memories of age, panorama, panorama, panorama. Thank you total call! The judge has ruled, watch the Jigsaw only if your plans for genital cutting have been carried out.
