This film has really frustrated me. Representation is terrible. unbelievable. And it's about actors. The story is unbelievably clear: a group of independent actors perform an emotional play, and they begin to live the lives of the characters they play. I've been watching a lot of movies recently, thanks to Netflix, and this is my first movie I have not seen all the time. I felt I did not need to see the end; we all know the end of this story. <br /> <br /> For some, it appears that the "updating" of the Gospels is either sacred or enlightening. I can not speak to any of this because I have not been in the Christian Church. However, I grew up in the United States and I live in an increasingly Christian culture. I am curious enough about Jesus and about the modernization of religion, for the better or for the worse. I have not seen the Mel Gibson version, but I think those who loved this person would like this, except the most conservative. I wish this was a better film. <br /> <br /> Many of these reviews are directed by Arcand and especially by the cinema. I did not like the film itself as a maniac and preacher. I could not believe the character of the characters and I never participated in their lives on the screen. The play inside the play is pretty much dated and I do not think it holds its own weight in production in real time. But this is out of the question. What I really needed to do was develop stronger characters and plot to support the philosophical and theological questions that the film wanted to have. The musical options are clear and non-original. <br /> <br /> There were two examples that come to mind easily. First, there is a resurgence of Jesus like that leads the moneylenders of the temple: the main actor, who fell in favor of the woman who will play the role of Magdalen, who is also a model and dancer, is so angry that she must delude herself from the audition (with a wicked product and a lot of men Audience) with her pants off. It pollutes the place and chases them all. I think this is the level that the film wants to reach. The romance between these two individuals is completely arbitrary and does not materialize at all and the scene is run like a show for high school sales schools, which is not good. Please stop beating me on the head with this "prominence". And the other is the relationship between the female leader and the priest who asked them to play and who turns against them in the end and betray them to the corrupt church these days. why. Why do you sleep with this man? "It brings him a lot of fun and I have little pain." Ah, prostitute saints and old beloved coot. It seems enough to Arcand is indicative but not worth the trouble of enriching these characters and revitalizing them. They make suggestions and look for the output button. <br /> <br /> Do not hesitate to write me off as bored, tired or uninterested. Feel free to watch this movie and watch the passion, with all its beauty, sadness and inspiration, delivered as amateur actresses and fumes. Feel free to confirm all your preconceptions and see any pieces of technical integrity you give up to lead monotony. But do not say I did not warn you.
