It's hard to tell whether Nunan and Marshall are trying to get past Abbott, Costello, Martin, Lewis, Carly, Larry or any other comedian, but anyone trying to imitate him has failed miserably. There is hardly a weak laugh in this incredibly stupid picture. Nunan (who helped write the so-called "text") and Marshall have no chemistry at all; Marshall seems to be trying to get some kind of Dean Martin's debt from Satan's composure, but he is not far away. God knows what Nunan thought he was doing, but being funny certainly was not. He seems to be thinking of flapping his arms and legs a lot and staring stupidly at everyone and everything is the climax of screen comedy; maybe for him he is, but not for the audience. I remember seeing this in the theaters when he came out. It was at the bottom of a double bill with three-year-old Jeff Chandler ("The Pillars of Heaven", which was very good) and three short Stooges ("Sappy Bullfighters", which was not), and after about 20 minutes of this thing, Children in the audience throw things on the screen; it was so amazingly wrong that he did not sleep to the worst Three Stooges. I stayed here at the end (that's not what I wanted, but people were not supposed to take me until after the movie ended), and when this mess ended, I was the only one in the theater. I saw it again about 15 years ago or so on the cable one night, and I watched to see if it was as bad as I remembered. It was worse. The only thing that was happening for her was Julie Newmar, who was as warm as he always was. Other than that, this thing has nothing at all to recommend. The two also play the role of Japanese soldiers, and the way they make Jerry Lewis's famous play of Japanese characters such as thick, thick-edged defects with serrated teeth looks benign compared to that. Marshall continued to host "Hollywood boxes," and Noonan tried his hand at making films, but most were so bad. Not quite, though I do not think anything can be quite bad like this. Really pitiful waste of the film. Do not waste your time on it.
