"Kings and Queen" is a swollen French drama revolving for two hours and thirty minutes without any obvious point or purpose. <br /> <br /> The film shows two stories that appear to be unconnected to it at first but eventually connect with each other halfway through the film. The first revolves around Nora and her struggle with the various men in her life, including the elderly father who discovers that he has only a few days remaining. The other story concerns a young man named Ismael, a violinist who finds himself in an unfair situation, and he believes - in a mental institution through the machinations of an unknown third party. After traveling on separate tracks for a moment, these two comedians eventually meet when we know that Ismail is a former lover of Nora and the man who chose to adopt her son from a previous tragic relationship. <br /> <br /> With a little more focus and a large amount of simplification, Kings and Queen may be a powerful and fun drama about modern-day relationships. It certainly has moments of tremendous insight and emotional strength, and presentations, for the most part, are complex and moving. But, if we take it all in its entirety, the film is so limp and blunt that, quite frankly, it begins to disrupt our patience and erode its early welcome. What is most disturbing is the fact that, although we spend what seems like a moderate eternity in the company of these people, we do not really know what to do for any of them when the show ends in the end. For example, on the bed of his death, Nora's father wrote a small penitent against the character of his daughter who simply does not possess the woman we were looking for for more than two hours. It is recognized that Nora is not Mother Teresa (then, again, who is she?), But she certainly does not deserve the enthusiasm of her father. Nora can be accused of being confused and blunt, and sometimes sucked in, but evil is enough for her father to wish to get cancer and die in his place? I do not think so. <br /> <br /> This movie may simply work at a level of depth I could not understand. But my suspicion is that even writer Roger Pohbot and co-author / director Arnaud Desplicin will have difficulty explaining their purpose fully. It is a good incarnation of a film that takes the viewer on a long journey through a sea of ​​personal crises, a journey that does not make him more wiser or enlightened than he was at the beginning.
