"Rois et Reine" is a sprawling chaos for a film that is likely to anger many viewers as it rejoice. He focuses alternately on former lovers Nora (Emmanuel Devos) and Ishmael (Matteo Ameleric), each facing a major crisis in their separate lives now. While the story of Nora is played straight and bleak, Ismail plays mainly for laughter, although it is not particularly funny. The Nora crisis arose due to the illness of her father Luis (Maurice Garrel), and Ismail for his sudden imprisonment in a mental hospital at the instigation of a mysterious third party. Ismail and Louis are only two males who formed the life of Nora, and formed in turn, the most prominent is her lover now deceased Pierre and their young son Elias. Since past and present events are played for the public, and former lovers share their lives again, it gradually emerged that Nora's personal life story is less reliable than what the eye sees first. <br /> <br /> The director of worship, Arnod Displechin, created a great surprise here, and received a great tribute in France. He deliberately avoids presenting the narrative and developing the film through a series of dramatic shifts in mood and tone. If this approach was founded on a cohesive unified idea or theme that might be successful, it is not at all clear what exactly Desplechin is about. It is clear that the heavy hints of Greek mythology and Freudian theory are charged with meaning, but at least for this non-school film, they are less than useful in shedding light on the characters' lives and interpretations. At other times, the treatment is divided into a toolkit, but the use of the movie "Moon River" named anodyne as the theme of the film suggests, perhaps this is intentional. <br /> <br /> ** I think a major theme in the film is not the very original observation that the way we see ourselves can radically differ from how we see others or even how we think others see us. This idea is clearly represented in the film by Pierre's violent death and the revelation in Lewis' secret memoir, but unfortunately both events appear to be completely separate from what has been revealed otherwise to the public of Pierre-Louise's relations with Nora. This seems to be a deception by Displechin, as if he were directing the idea to us in the form of a non-mediator instead of being more skillfully articulated in the natural context of the narrative. One or two dark surreal touches imply the existence of an alternative but largely unconscious world of people who were stripped of the nastily bare, but once again felt that they were reckless intrusions of filmmaking rather than a revolution from the repository of the deepest truth of the story. In fact, despite all the harsh insinuations in depth, the characters are undeveloped and undeveloped, as if they work more as zeros for their Creator's many ideas about people than they are real people in themselves. It seems that many of the details of their lives are applied arbitrarily rather than being organic. For example, Ismael, as we constantly recall, is a Viola player, but passes more than two hours before we actually see or hear him play, nor the influence of his character or his chosen career on his character. Thus, he may also be a marine biologist or trapeze artist. <br /> <br /> Amaleric provides a certain mystical charm to Ishmael, who is inseparable from himself, but is ultimately sane, but I find Devos masquerading and monotonous (which may be deliberate, however) as a distant light. At the same time, Jean-Paul Roussillon, as the father of Ismail, Elsa and Leaaston as an expert on psychoanalysis, and Maggie Wach as a psychologist with psychological injuries, but challenges his friends in the hospital, has the greatest influence among the supporting actors. Catherine Dinov in that too, although her role is more than just a self-reference veil. <br /> <br /> In the end, "Rois et Reine" is a very acquired taste. If you fail to press your buttons, it is likely that an unruly and fluent Desplechin approach will frustrate and irritate your anger even as you observe one way or another.
