This is another one of those traits "humans versus insects / environmental terror"; a theme that was popular in the late 1970s. You just can not really call it horror. There is no suspense and no horrific events. In other words: this movie is very lame. It's not really bad or something; it's just too boring. A construction site near a hotel revealed a large nest of ants. Later we learned that, probably because of the different types of pesticides used in the past, its toxicity became toxic. Some people are bitten and rushed to the hospital and it takes the hospital residents to see what is going on. Robert Foxworth selects them first and then you can see him rushing with a drilling machine for what seems like several hours. They then flee home, waiting to be rescued. And a man, you must see all the efforts they are making to save them. Will not spoil too much, but at some point they used a large helicopter. All the time when I was watching this, I sat there thinking, "Come on, people, all wearing shoes, just run away from the building, I'm sure a bunch of ants will not catch you." It's all ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Of course, many close-up images of an ant are crawled throughout the entire movie. Ants in the garden. Ants in the garbage. Ants in the kitchen. Ants on the surface. Ants in the bedroom. Ants in the tub. The best part: Ants crawling on people's faces while actors breathe through hay. But when you see groups of ants in wider shots, they actually look like black rice designed by designers on the wall. <br /> <br /> A small surprise came near the end. No, it has nothing to do with the evolution of the plot. It was just Brian Denny's appearance as a fireman. Ehrr ... What can I say more? This film is called IT ITPPED AT LAKEWOOD MANOR but the technical box for my two versions read ants and the title during the opening credits was PANIC AT LAKEWOOD MANOR. do you have. Now, since this film is specifically designed for television from the 1970s, I will again be very light in my final assessment. Now, Bees Savior, another television movie entitled "Humans against Insects" since 1976 was much better than this film. I feel I should go back and add a few points to evaluate it after I saw the ants. The lack of thrill, movement, excitement, trauma and crawling, the only thing you will leave after seeing the ants is annoying itching.
