The only thing I liked about this film was that there was enough to keep me in my seat until the end ... I kept thinking that perhaps in the next scene things might go wrong ... unfortunately ... <br /> <br /> Those who They love Gus Van Sant films - especially his later films - they'll probably like this. Personally, I find that St. Fan's movies are boring and wonderful. Well, he was an executive producer of this film, so it's no surprise that the film was almost his own making - although I personally liked this better than Van Sant's last efforts (like the elephant). <br /> <br /> Unlike many here, I did not think the film was difficult to understand or disassociate from, I thought it was above all a film that wanted to portray a particular mood - a teenager's mood slowly moving into the adult world - but very slowly So that the changes are hardly visible at all. But I feel that the problem of the film is that the "mood" is not enough ... Not only that, but that the mood decreed here, in my opinion, was incorrectly chosen for the story that is supposed to occur. The dream-like quality, closely linked to nature, is here beautifully, but the mood belongs more to a younger child, a person who is still very well known for watching nature unfold (waves on the beach, grasses, flowers, spiders, etc.). The rhythm of the film reminds me of my summer when I was about eight or nine. There is a language for the film that conflicts with what must be a very tense time in the lives of teenagers. When you are dealing with someone - or you are the target of bullying in school - you do not feel anything! There are only moments that really worked me in the film ... The spoilers here - first when Logan drops the grocer and throws his mother a little bit of decency. The frustrations of an adult dealing with a klutzy child - especially with no father - seemed real to me. <br /> <br /> The second part, which is only part of the film with no tension on it, was the scenes of "Lea" (the re-creation of Logan himself) phones Rodeo and tries to seduce him in sex by telephone. The first reason I liked was that the person who made the "Lia" voice was the most convincing actor in the entire film. (It made me think of Claire Dance of my life called my life ... the sound was like Claire.) Rodeo had the only scenes that seemed quite sincere among the children. What I particularly liked was the fact that Rodeo just pretended to play with him ... Perhaps the best moment in the film - finally! - We got some development for the characters. <br /> <br /> All in all, a rather misplaced effort ... we'll have to see what he's doing in his next film before we can say much about the director's potential talents. In the meantime, if he can escape the influence of St. Vincent, he may do so in the world of good. Who is this director anyway - one of St. Fan's games?
