Simply a terrible slant, molded from I know what you've designed a kind of feed, college students have been wealthy wealthy spend spring vacation in Florida apartment being killed one by one. Mixing in each category imaginable from the thrill built properly to the sequence of executions executed .. Nothing is handled correctly and leaves the characters more than just a cartoon based on their root to see them lost as soon as possible. Del Tiney (the curse of the living corpse, I eat your skin), of all people, produced by executives, co-authored, and Nguema as a priest in a pivotal role, I think his relationship to the murderer means something for a psychic reason. The revelation of the killer is dealt with awkwardly and ineffectively, and perhaps not surprising the spirit he sees. There are a lot of jumping attempts, where a personality appeared to scare their friend, who could not even make some cheap thrills, because they were calculated as lukewarm. Most attacks occur outside the screen with bleeding in the throat (or pools) representing the only real display of violence. The long ending, where the murderer goes on and continues in a desperate attempt to make his wickedness as demonic and obnoxious as possible, is embarrassing and less stressful. There is no one positive derived from this vulgar and bland exercise with a beautifully cast that makes little effort to transcend its one-dimensional roles. For the sake of pity, they could at least allow us to see a headless Joey Lawrence or something to endure the misery of sitting through this unwelcome pile for 90 painful minutes. <br /> <br /> Dorrie Barton is the last female heroine, Beth Morgan, who seems to be a maniac obsessed with them, can not be more empty and interested (.. Oh, she was in a state of rehab, dealing with nightmares; such an intriguing offer ). Chad Allen, who is cast against writing as a very scary "friend" of the group (who happens to disappear from the film first, builds the idea that he is the first victim), has a difficult hill to climb with his role, so steeply stumbles in the end and rolls undisputedly His end is in sight. Jeff Connawi, who needs some money I think, has the role of a besieged FBI agent, who prompted his daughter's murder to search for the killer, which led him to Florida. Jack McGee has his usual role in the $$ hole as the smart Florida police chief who often snaps with Kunaoui's agent. <br /> <br /> Oh, answer the title question..not really. Because once you get the answer, you'll wonder why you're worried about it anyway.
