The film began with Wheeler's intrusion into his girlfriend's apartment. Her aunt (Edna May Oliver - a very talented person for this film) did not like Wheeler - a feeling I could easily relate to. The aunt decided to take this nice young lady out to keep her away from Wheeler. They left and Wheeler invested in revolution in a small mythical kingdom because they promised to make him their property. Around the same time, Woolsey was in the small mythical kingdom itself and became king. So when Wheeler arrived, it was up to the boys to fight him, but they refused because they were already friends - which made people very disappointed, because killing and replacing kings was a national pastime. <br /> <br /> I'm a big fan of comedy from Hollywood's golden age - the silent era until the 1940s. I have seen and reviewed hundreds, if not thousands, of these films, and despite my love and appreciation for these films, I have never been able to understand the attraction of Wheeler and Willie - the only comedy team that may be as bad as the Ritz Brothers! Despite the great success of their short careers in Hollywood (shortened by the early death of Robert Woolsey), I can not help but notice that every other successful team in practice has the same basic ideas but much better. For example, there were many elements in this film that reminded us of the film Brothers Brother, DUCK SOUP, yet the flavors never laughed and DUCK SOUP was not very silly and fun. Sometimes, Wolsey talked like Groucho, but his jokes never had a funny laugh until they were funny! In fact, it seems like it does not make sense. His only funny quality was that he looked ridiculous - certainly not enough reason to put him in the film. In addition, Wheeler had a comic appeal for a piece of cheese - a piece of cheese that sang very badly! There was a missed opportunity in the old Vodafone routine that was later rumored by Abbott and Costello as "Who is the First" that was in this film but lacked any spark of wit or timing. In fact, shortly after the start of their game, they just finished the routine - prematurely so that they feel frustrated. I knew that "Who was at first" had been around for many years and had been used by many teams, but I really wanted to see Wheeler and Willie give her a good shot and give her a touch of her own. <br /> <br /> Once again, I found another sub-level movie by this duo. Although I have to admit that I liked a few of their films moderately (like SILLY BILLIES and RAINMAKERS - which I've already given 6 on IMDb), this film was a major test to complete - something I find happens all too often When I watch Wheeler and Willessy. Where was all the humor ?!
