Final result: 1.8 (out of 10) <br /> <br /> After watching "Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back", I must have had a big kick when I hired this movie. "Soul Survivors" is an unwanted "psychological thriller" dressed like a teeny teenager filled with rubbish - even to the point where a masked killer stalks a group of young people like Dushku, Wes Bentley (American Beauty), Casey Affleck (sinking Mona) and beloved star Melissa Sagemiller. Luke Wilson also exists, where he misbehaves as a priest. The film, the brainchild of the writer / director Stephen Carpenter, looks like a mutant offspring of "Open Your Eyes" or "Vanilla Sky" and films where a character (and audience) is discovered in a world of accident / death vanity. The film continues to produce puzzling images and leaves us in a state of confusion throughout the show until this alternative truth is resolved. I do not think these films are amusing, by nature, to get started, but "SS" is a fairly cheap trash cinema in any way dissected. Visual images, text, acting and trying in any originality are all belated thoughts of films like this. In addition, it is PG-13, so it does not even offer the burden or T & A to keep it as a pleasure (until the unrated version is tame). I heard that the film has a scene of "hot" shower between Dushku & Sagemiller. When the film collapsed in front of me and it seemed that all other entertainment was lost, I found myself patiently waiting for the shower scene - at least I would get something of this. And then comes the matter: two girls painted on their shirts, jumping in the bathroom are fully tied and rubbed. This is. People thought this was hot? "Soul Survivors" is one of those deadly boring films that are so weak and inefficient that there are no feelings about them. Do not put anything and do not deserve to write about it. In the end, leaves us empty. Conclusion Carpenter is a mess of blinking light and harsh sound and this may be the most vital part. Be sure that it will be late night tours in the USA or the Sci-Fi channel, because it is low-cost and rated PG-13 - maybe this is the best for it.
