Indeed, the use of a documentary film about the nature of the stock of the bats used by the BAT PEOPLE is one of the most effective films ever. There are shots of crowded bats dangling from the roofs of caves, bats fighting from caves or hovering near caves mouths. This alone is enough to be worrying: Imagine all of them crowd after you? They have already leaked what should have been a sequence of about forty minutes, an inappropriate hilarious sequence, as a group of crowded bats appear to be attacking a police car, scattered across the windshield like blood-broken eggs. . The problem is that this sequence takes place about 50 minutes after the movie, which consists mostly of one or more people running, shouting and waving their arms as they run enthusiastically toward some of Google's poor who managed to bite during his vacation. <br /> <br /> The fear is that he gets rabies, which is already absorbed, so his vacation has been ruined, as the outline of the plot at the top of the BAT PEOPLE reference page is already out. Here is an effective summary of the film: a young couple going on a romantic journey that destroys when a man bites a bat. They try bravely to stick to it but start raving, trying to convince those around him that he is a little more involved than rabies, that he can not control himself, and he should keep it all. <br /> <br /> Now, when someone is annoying in the mouth, covered with sweat, and eyes are flying like one of the least expensive puzzles and screaming in your face to get away from me, get away from him. Do not try to give him drugs, do not try to tell him that you love him, give the man space for him, go home, and try that wonderful getaway next year. <br /> <br /> But no, all the people in this movie act like a fool, insisting on pushing the man to the brink of his step, swinging, turning into a creature of the bats part of a man, killing a group of unnecessary secondary characters . There's nothing wrong with that, but the film forgets that it is a feature of low-budget creatures and tries to be a sort of psychological study. Instead of a monster movie, we get a lot of people running in an effort to get this man to take the cold pill, and eventually he runs into the hills and looks for a person far too much, and people insist on trying to chase him and pay the expected price. <br /> <br /> The main thing wrong with the film is that this had to happen in the first fifteen or twenty minutes, thirty peaks, and the movie must be about the guy after he had turned into a pat person, not about a trip there . It takes eighty minutes to pick up steam already on that front, with some interesting personal drawings along the way that always include amusing Michael Pataki as a small town cop who has lost his moral edge, and the late late Paul Carr as a doctor friend does not receive the message altogether. The film is awfully dull, about 15 minutes long and missing the chance to become a nice little creature and forgotten about a moving track, such as the favorite Italian horror of Ratman, whom I saw today and was unfortunately inspired to try this after seeing. I and my thoughts are bright, although the scene in the policeman's car was a howling: very bad we could not get another twenty minutes of it. <br /> <br /> 3/10
