"The People People" is a proud resident of the IMDb Bottom 100 program. The film suddenly disappears from the notorious list, depending on whether there are new films with Paris Hilton in the foreground or documentary films about American Idol stars, but always sooner or later . And why? Because, unlike the majority of the waste on that list, "The Bat People" is a bad movie and deserves to be there regardless of any impact on the media or internet tinnitus! This film is not the worst film at all, because the basic concept certainly has some magic and creativity, but it is still difficult to describe the entire film. The script is incredibly boring, with absolutely unnecessary footage filling and giant gaps in continuity, yet the main characters remain total strangers throughout the entire film. Other than a reasonable scenario, the film also lacks an amazing murder sequence and makeup effects? Despite the compliment of Stan Young Winston? Are incompetent and remain largely invisible until the end of the film. The title of the film is inaccurate, where "people" refers to a plural number while the story actually revolves around a person who is pat. Much more than Bruce Wayne, Batman plays real in this film and has an original pat cave and a mobile phone (stolen ambulance)! The plot offers a young couple on their honeymoon vacation to explore the caves. They travel from a tour group with a guide, and the bats strike him while trying to protect his wife from the brutal attack on the animal. For fear of being infected with rabies, is undergoing extensive treatment at the local hospital, but this still does not prevent him from slowly turning into a bloodthirsty creature. He kills people randomly at night and plays with the suspicious police sergeant, while his beloved wife remains convinced that strange behavior is solely due to allergic reactions to rabies therapy. sure dear! The script never explains why bats attack people and how John always turns into a normal human being at the dawn of a new day instead of gradually turning into a permanent state of bats. Essentially, "The Bat People" is a variation on the theme of the good old wolf, but it is obviously not interesting. The concept has shown a lot of potential, but in some ways sub-plots are focused on misguided drunkards and corrupters rather than dreadful monsters. Some of the settings and exterior shooting sites look impressive, and the inappropriate song that runs during the credits is very attractive, there is little gloss during the peak (finally!) And the main actress Marianne MacCarro looks forward to looking (though not listening to). The current list of the really bad and boring film at the bottom of 100 is number 80, and I personally hope it will continue somewhere in that area. The menu simply would not feel traditional and without the Pat People.
