Hello Mary Lou: Night Night II begins at Hamilton High School in 1957, where Mary Lou Maloney (Lisa Shraj) cheats in her history Bill Nordham (Steve Atkinson) with Bud Cooper (Robert Lewis). Bill discovers and destroys, and at the same time Mary Lou announced the Queen of a concert in 1957 and goes to the theater to accept her prize. Bill, who is still hurt, decides to play a practical joke on Mary Lou, so he casts a fireball on stage, but the wick that still shines grabs Mary Lou's clothes and ignites, within seconds Mary Lou Toast. After 30 years, Hamilton Hay will soon be holding the annual prom night. Bill (Michelle Ironside) is now the director and has a teenage son named Craig (Justin Lewis) who is due to Vicki Carpenter (Wendy Leon) and both plan to go to a concert together. Bears (Richard Monnet) became a priest, that terrible night 30 years ago still chasing both Bill & Buds. One day, Vicki looks around the basement of the schools when she discovers a large trunk that opens up. This turned out to be a bad move because the spirit of revenge for Mary Lou is free and she is determined to claim her crown as a queen of a free-time concert set for revenge for her sudden death. The first is Jess Browning, who died in a suicide attack. Mary Lo began owning Vicky's body as the night of a concert approached. After getting rid of some competition in the form of Kelly Hennenlotter (Terri Hawkes) who tries to fix the concert to win. Mary Lo crowns in the body of Queen Queen of Upper Hamilton that allows Mary Lou to return from the dead to give an unexpected appearance and truly enliven the concert ... <br /> <br /> With no connection at all to the original Prom night (1980) Bruce Pittman I thought hi Mary Lou: The second night concert was not a very good film. The text written by Ron Oliver focuses more on supernatural elements than on cheap cheap themes for teenagers, whether this is a good or bad decision based on your expectations. I personally found that these different items did not work well or worked well together at all. The entire film was so slow to be really fun, after the opening series where Mary Lou died no one else was killed for half an hour, then the film shines for another half hour until Vicki is captured and finally the film picks up momentum at its peak, The Prom Before you defeat, come on fans of the horror movies you expected that the smiling killer was not dead and ready for an unfinished sequel? Do not expect a large number of bodies, only five during the entire film and there is no particular graph although I was impressed by the way Monica (Beverly Hendry as Beverly Hendry) hid in the closet of the shower room that Mary Lou crushed and caused the death of Monica . The Rude Side of Hello Hello Lou: The Night II II Promo by Vicki who has lots of hallucinations for the first hour & Mary Lou controls things during the final stages including a few shots of a rocking horse coming to life, the blackboard scene is very good As well as turns into water and zombie hands drag Vicky into it. The bright side of Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II is not great. I liked Mary Lou herself and she took out the obvious mandatory items she gave to a good villain even if she could not kill enough people. Yes, yes, I've got a great tribute to the other directors of horror movies with almost all family names sharing with one, and this obviously does not add anything to the movie but a nice little touch I suppose. The acting is fine but it seems that Michael Aron Side, who is usually dependable, is lost and uninterested as if he asks himself what he is doing and whether he will work again. Forget any Gore, hang someone, there stabbed with a cross that happens outside the screen, someone with neon light, a computer crazy and someone's face shakes (!?) And Marie Lo burst out of the body Vicki's first moldy zombie was a wonderful sight. There are some full bare front shots in the bathing girls as well, if that's the thing you prefer. To give him some credit Hello Hello Lou: The second night concert is fine to watch, and has reasonable production values ​​all the time and is generally well-made. In general, I was disappointed by Hello Mary Lou: The second night concert, it was very slow and in the end I could not keep my interest for about 100 minutes. I'm not sure if they deserve a 3 or 4 star rating, I'll give it 4 because I do not think it's particularly wrong that I came through much worse movies, but they did not do anything really I'm afraid.
