A mentally disturbed, truly cannibal, John (Gary Kent, under the pseudonym Michael Brody) who lives in a cave, chases the campers who commit the unfortunate mistake of appearing in the wild. Steve (Dean Rossell) and his friend Charlie (John Batis) are engaged in a heated argument with their wives, Sharon (Tommy Barrett, Gary Kent's late wife in real life) and Teddy (Ann Wilkinson) about surviving at Woods Camp themselves. To prove a point, the girls decided to go to the wilderness from Los Angeles on a camping trip that would bother their partners to the point where they followed. Teddy falls prey to John and is quickly killed as Sharon flees for her life as men arrive late into the wild because of the heat of their truck. Afraid, tired, and suffering from paranoid, Sharon receives some very unusual help .. Children of John the Ghost! It is true that John's children are still in the wild, and their ghosts spying on those in the forest, with a special admiration for Sharon, helping her guide her to safety and friends. Meanwhile, Steve West Charlie soon found a shelter pouring down and dark at night in the cave where John lives. Cooking over a burning fire, is actually Charlie's wife, Teddy! Charlie knows how to eat meat when he is introduced by John who finds strangers inside his home! However, Steve and Charlie were soon worried about their wives, so they were ready to find them with the morning break. Meanwhile, John went hunting, with Charlie, Steve and Sharon in a fight to survive. When Steve suffers from a fractured boat stumbling between two giant rocks over a flowing river, he will be hampered only by increasing the current nightmare scenario, as Sharon follows her ghostly young friends to potential safety, even at some point hoping for their safety. The father does not kill her. Unfortunately, Charlie, he does not have such friends. <br /> <br /> The director Donald Jones (who also wrote it and stopped funding the film) cleverly depicts the film in a stunning and stunning location in Sequoia National Park, California, where these giant trees make great heights and I mainly see ladders Sandalwood for this particular purpose. For some strange reason, I did not particularly find Jones 'direction to prepare in the air, the horror was missing, although there were some annoying attacks by John using his knife (.. was cleverly filmed, Jones' camera suggests more than actually The screen, however, somehow still achieves these moments when John does the victims). Inside such a spectacular natural scene, to see the innocents madly go, this kind of terrorism increases this horror. The city folk are trying to spend a few beautiful days in a different place, to smell clean fresh air and enjoy a beautiful view, only to find themselves trapped by a creepy predator with a very scary knife. By presenting the background story for the fact that John is the monster, Jones allows us to see his memories in the discovery of adultery and react accordingly (.. She is also a ghost in the wild looking for her children and wants to punish them for being "naughty") Bed (refrigerator repairer). Children, sad and depressed have committed suicide and are now "chasing" the wild, still interacting with the PA or those who choose. I realize that such a grandma, as the ghostly children in my hindsight, is unique and appreciated by some, but I found the idea more absurd and less generous than taking it seriously. They help our heroines escape some potentially dangerous situations, but it was very difficult to avoid laughing without bothering. The music I found horribly in the 1980s, and the shows are not mind-boggling. I mean I can react to the situation they were in, because it is really scary to find yourselves in an unfamiliar and hostile area being hunted by someone who knows the area well. I think the film is in many ways similar to not going to the forest. It is the only exception, except that the forests have former ghost children (their voices are repeated when talking to Sharon or their father or each other). Gary was like George Lucas dirty, with torn clothes, lost humanity. As I mentioned above, the violence is not as horrifying as suggested because Jones' exit can actually break away from a great deal of knife penetration, but the way the specific pieces leave you is unstable (like Teddy's death, often shaded on the surface of a massive stone formation) And her appeals to John to stop. When she was stabbed several times, she was trying to crawl away from her predatory animal just to be finished; I've seen better and worse than this kind of curly movies, it's fairly average, at best, with some effective shooting scene. I do not really think it is an unforgettable thing, except for ghost children.
