I mean all the low-budget, mysterious horror movies that are waiting to be rediscovered in a DVD release. Why Choose The FOREST? I love very low budget directly to the home video or other horror variant version. I love 80s pirates horror. I love rocky wood smugglers with fools who walk around at night to be stalked, killed and eaten by mentally ill. I support the idea of ​​being unprofessional working in horror film as a way to break into the industry or film industry because they want to make a film. I all use the public sites that have been found, and the actors, there is no talent name behind the camera and in the studio. there is no problem! The most intriguing picture of the forest is that it opens fire on a couple walking a distance through a forest to the forest: we see them as weak little beings exposed to a dreary world where humans may not be at the top of the food chain or most predators fear. Then the film takes a dive and never recovers - we meet briefly with the couple on their backs just as they realize they are chasing. They are separated, slaughtered, and then meet with the heroes of the film as they drive their car in a traffic jam. They meet with their colleagues and decide to make a camping trip. Snoring sounds fill the room as people who came to watch a violin on their cellphones send messages to people who are not there telling them how much the film is absorbing. <br /> <br /> This movie is very slow, this film is very slow and boring, and this film is very thick. This would not be a bad thing if the book gave people something to say other than the most stupid, illiterate and unnecessary things. You know that your horror film is in a bind when the character with the most exciting lines is the rough-faced park keeper who warns everyone from Cannibal Woods. Speaking of this "jungle," they see it as far away from civilization as the vast expanse of football, with larger rocks and a stream flowing through them. There are impressive footage of the primitive forest, but there is no real sense of exit in the middle. If any of the characters sat on the path and waited long enough someone could evade. <br /> <br /> The worst thing about the film is that it fails to generate any human interest: I do not know who these couples are and do not care about what happens to them. The polite man does not care about cannibalism, even when he pretends to see the freshly cooked meat from the leg of one of his victims to deliver bites to her boyfriend, who happens to be looking for shelter in his cave. The paradox that is a "disappointing" example. Along with the deliberately ominous musical result, the suspiciously filmed cinematography resembles a person who links the camera to a dog and follows the movements of people, the lack of concrete praise, nudity, mysterious excitement, and unfavorable atmosphere, and what we have here is a horror film not as scary as a television show Tutorial for PBS on how magnets work. <br /> <br /> I do not mean to "take it out" to the people behind this film, where they obviously went to the project without anything, did not push themselves to be creative and ended up with another boring film about some larvae chasing women Cross the jungle with a knife. There is nothing wrong with this concept, the mistake is the unimaginable pedestrian way and walking completely, leading to the pointless result when the film comes out of the mark of about 80 minutes. The best you can say about FOREST is that it has ended relatively quickly and there is not much to do for a frequent checkup - and then my perplexity in why anyone feels the need to issue a DVD. It was surprisingly good in the years of renting Prism Video, where the price of shelves on DVDs will be $ 5.99 within a month of colliding shelves. There's no need to watch the movie unless you're thinking of creating a very low-cost sneaker on cold wood in a public park where no one can charge you for filming there. The following is a guide to steps to avoid. <br /> <br /> With all that has been said and done, the film has one interesting sequence, or rather one very pathetic sequence and I think it has become a mystery. In a film other than that: Crazy comes home to find his wife in bed with the local contractor. He sent his sweetheart, arming himself with a kitchen knife that seems to have been made to be used only in a horror film and sprang out after the interlocking. The man mounts and attacks the stone quarry, which avoids escape and escapes, only to turn the psychological person into his steps with a bigger weapon and the strongest gesture. The psychological attacks again, the man escapes. The mental state is realized again, and the man escapes again. Then again! Finally in the fifth, try the dizzying psychic transports until they fall on a kind of transparent fines. How did he continue to embody him armed with more visible weapons of this kind? Are there some supernatural elements of this psychic? Since the film never shows either way, the scene is just a puzzle, organized to build some tension. The purpose remains unclear. The whole film is really like this, exists without the need to make it and perform it in a dazzling way, so interesting that one can not help but wonder what its purpose is. <br /> <br /> 3/10 There is a lot of evidence that you can not necessarily release a movie on a DVD.
