The title of this mysterious and forgotten game in the 1980s reminds me of the successful "Cash-smash-monash", titled "The Cure," which is the same title, and then part of the lyrics in the title section of this user's commentary. Also, I had nothing else to say that was helpful, anyway. But hey, the "jungle" is not completely hopeless nor even * that bad, in fact. If there is nothing else, he at least obeys the first rule of the unread and recognized 1980s series: kill someone during the first 10 minutes of play time. Make sure you've heard about the basic premise of this movie dozens of times before, but do not let it stop you from watching it, because "The Forest" has several things that offer more than just an attractive cover image. It's actually a bit of a non-traditional 80 sinister! The main characters are not ordinary teenagers who have no ideas, and the script has strong ambitions for supernatural nature. The concept is not always successful, not to mention sensible, but it is more than enough attention to catch your attention, and there are even a surprisingly strong moments of tension and graphic rolls to enjoy. The married couple decide to go to camps in California's most isolated forest, but because of a stupid bet, wives travel separately from their husbands. They are barely prepared at night, they receive miraculous visits from a mother looking for her two children, the children themselves and finally the father who searches for human flesh. The infected family may be real or imagined, but the women are definitely at risk, and when their husbands arrive, they are already buried. The men also come across the family and know more about the background of the dysfunction. "Jungle" is a strange and unusual film, to say the least. It is not exactly a masterpiece of planning, but the totally strange atmosphere will surely attract lovers of horror in the eighties of the last century. The killings are rather appalling and are filmed, including throat slits, painful saws, and amazingly beautiful shooting locations. The more I think about the story and its sudden deviations, the less I say, so my advice is just to enjoy this individual viewing experience as long as it lasts, not longer. Performance is slightly higher than average, and music is fine, and at least director Donald Jones (who is also responsible for "students in the 1970s" series of exploits) tried to be more creative in most horror films in the 1980s.
