The bad-tempered Christmas movie that performed equally badly was Vince Vaughn, who drives himself to his usual youth but this time for a children's film but without the intelligence or charm of his R-rated films, Von looks like an autopilot despite Most of the film is still running in the walls with its dull performance. After 30 minutes of the movie, you will be in touch with your inner flute and say "Bahumbag" in the extent of this strange film and after another 30 minutes, you'll want to go out and see how unlikely the film is during that stage. Of all the actors involved in this mess, Paul Giamatti and Rachel Wise only bring some life into thin, papery roles and manly because they are both very good actors to be in this film. Paul Giamatti brings some depth and warmth to St. Nick's own personality, but he is forced to behave at the level of von's behavior when they do their sad brotherly fighting. You can see in the face of Jiamati that he does not enjoy his turn and shows painful parts of the film. Rachel Wise gives a sense of humor and humor to her role, but she really does not have much of a personality that you can work with, and you can see in her that she realizes it so well that she looks harassed in certain parts of the film. Fortunately for her, she is not much in the film at all, and she is able to save some faces, unlike Giamati, who seems about to release his agent at the end of the film. The trend also feels uninspiring, because there is no feeling or flow, and this is supposed to be a holiday film, but it ends up feeling like you're staring at a grand widow's demolition bid. <br /> <br /> I do not know what went wrong here, but with only two of the actors involved (Giamatti and Weisz) trying to do their best to bring something to the table with unfamiliar text they had to work, Subject to hand (this is a Christmas movie of all things) and the actor does not care about his performance (Vaughn), you have a very bad film in an extremely uneven and painful way to watch it.
