An unusually low-cost, moderately predictable and amusingly reworked version of a scientific formula that we all saw hundreds of times ago - a group of isolated scientists facing something unknown, and in all places (surprise, surprise)) Antarctica! <br /> <br /> The film features James Spyder and a semi-nameless support team (with the exception of Carl Lewis, who is not in fact bad for the non-actor) - who give little high-quality presentations to stimulate script fiction dialogue. To make matters worse, the pace of the film is slow, there is no sub-plot, and the few sequences of work are stereotyped and not dramatic. Curiously this thing went straight to DVD. What is surprising is that Spader - sometimes an excellent actor - won the Best Actor award for "Sex, Lies and Videotape," and did a great job in the innovative science fiction film "Stargate" - he chose to enter the project baht. Or maybe not, if you look at his career, because he seems to have invested his talents in a number of more mistakes than visits. <br /> <br /> The most prominent thing about "Alien Hunter" is how they managed to get closer to it. Many elements from many great science fiction movies, and still have what they seem careless and interested. There are large parts borrowed from "The Thing" (both original Howard Hawks and John Carpenter excellent new edition of 1982), "Contact" and "Outbreak"; some hints about "Alien", CE3K, The Andromeda Strain and Kubrick's 2001 "(" The Strange Black Box ") and" Mission to Mars "; even a small group of" sneakers "and" great minds "(although they are not science fiction films, they share a" Encryption "). Hell, there are even corn fields and Antarctica, just like the last X Files movie. It seems that the brightly lit spacecraft in the end looks exactly like something taken from a series of "abyss". <br /> <br /> All this has been done before and done much better, although I will admit that there were some minor surprises in the end. I can say a little more about the plot, but there is no need at all. You already know more than half of this movie without seeing it. (5 out of 10)
