Synopsis: A mysterious dense thing that transmits radio signals in Antarctic ice has been discovered. The mysterious mass was drilled and transported to the research station in Antarctica. Julien Rome, a former employee of SETI, is brought to decrypt the message. The problem is that one of the researchers is an old friend of his, and the situation quickly becomes embarrassing, especially as the other researchers throw themselves at them practically. The ice mass dissolves with the thing inside at an abnormal speed. Soon the object in the open. The puzzle continues even though the object generates a huge amount of electricity. You decide to open the object, but before it is done, Julian decrypts the signal. "do not open". But it is too late, the object explodes as it finally broke, and two things are released on the ground. The first is a foreigner, he was asleep in the object, the other is the virus immediately kills the search staff. Washington, which is suspiciously updated about this historic event, decides that these things can not be launched on the ground. So a Russian nuclear submarine with nuclear weapons is sent to Antarctica. <br /> <br /> Comments: The film has some surprises. One is Carl Lewis who put a good performance in acting amazingly, the other is that the special effects are beautiful, worked well and much better than expected. Unfortunately, the story carries many of its own surprises, this time not in a good way. In fact they are full of holes in the plot so that the films sometimes seem to consist of randomly connected scenes. He has never explained why Washington knows so much, why Washington is capable of leading Russian submarines, and why the Antarctic is now awakened. It is really puzzling that the strange bursa is conveyed in understandable English. Some may wish to explain that the alien was on Earth before and knew the language (he obviously chose English, why?). But it is confusing that the nice foreigners who seem to want to save the earth from the virus send an encrypted "do not open" message! Finally, the end is as open as possible. <br /> <br /> The movie is a little entertaining but you must convert a lot of energy (me) to fill the blanks in the plot. So the full impression of the film is not good. <br /> <br /> 3/10
