Well, here it is: "The Nazi mountaineer authenticates the Dalai Lama." What we do is, first, we get a major star with no idea at all about how to do the Germanic accent, and let him stumble between the French, the Germans, the Americans and the British for more than two hours. Then we fabricate a series of very unlikely events and separate them on a very wide scale, so that the inch is almost imperceptibly tall. But just to make sure the viewer does not fall asleep, we throw in shockingly silly details, like our hero smokes a cigarette at a height of 22,000 feet. Of course, we must also remember that our target audience does not want to read many translations, so we have all the characters, even the most vulnerable peasants in the closed Lhasa city closed in 1943, speak excellent English, dubious dialects. Of course, the most difficult part is how to deal with the spiritual and political aspects of the story, so what we do is: Our Dalai Lama endorses the reformed Nazi now because the latter is good at dealing with film projectors, radios, antique cars and other devices representing the capitalist West's freedom . On the other hand, our hero from Protek learns a kind of mysterious and unspecified Buddhism that is never taken out or dealt with seriously. We also have many scenes with the hero who boasts all the signs of respect and protocol offered by the rest of the Dalai Lama's Tibetan society, even as we claim that the hero has deep and deep appreciation for these people and their spiritual leader. In other words, we only expect the public to believe that this man is now somewhat of a booty, in his own way, although we do not seem to know what his conversion entails or how much we want him to go. Last but not least, we attach a statistic to the end of the film about how the repulsive Chinese deal with the Tibetans (which is certainly true), and thus opened ourselves to accusations that we made a film "politically", although it is none of that. So, Zat is not my idea. VAT Is Zinc? Can make zis movie?
