Five Across the Eyes begins as five young teenage girls walk home at the right time for a curfew, stop at a store, accidentally hit another car and decide to drive and leave. Soon after being forced to stop the car, a crazy woman comes out with a gun and yells at her, makes her take off her clothes, make her urinate on her, and then jump at random. The girls who are shocked and shocked believe that their ordeal is over, but the crazy woman is back for a second because she seems intent on killing the lost girls who lost and lost large amounts of gas. <br /> <br /> It is produced and directed by Greg Swinson & Ryan Theissen with Swinson By writing the thing Theissen is responsible for filmmaking and editing. I must say that Five Across the Eyes is easily one of the worst films I've ever seen, if not the worst, I mean, I'm struggling to think of a movie I've seen worse. Now, let me start by saying that I am sure that much of the filmmaking decision taken here was deliberate to try to raise the atmosphere, tension, realism and suspense, but there is no aspect of the five Across the Eyes game that I have not done. I hate to be honest, it looks like a bad video posted on YouTube, yet still very embarrassing and worthless waste of frankly 90 minutes strange from my time that I was doing something more enjoyable and fun to pull my nails outside pliers. The reviews on the web look very positive, but on IMDb (the amount of comments of one star can not be all wrong, is it?) And the message board, which I think is much more than an average indicator, someone thinks it is almost broken by almost everyone, "The worst film I have ever seen" several times, to be fair, most of these negative comments mention these same things and I must agree with them. The story is awesome, well, I guess it's supposed to be minimal but that's the minimum? There is never any reason or explanation for events that occur and a completely random feeling. It continues throughout the ages, and the plot will wrestle here to fill in thirty minutes prepared for the program with a short feature full length. The dialogue is terrible with these annoying girls who do not seem to have a brain cell between them and take random things and choke so much. God screams, there seem to be endless scenes of these girls screaming or crying or moaning that does not irritate and bother and prevents any sensible viewer from feeling any kind of sympathy towards them, and makes what they are trying to say is almost impossible to hear correctly. Then there's the real killer, the whole movie is tuned inside the boundaries of a pickup truck, seriously that the camera does not leave this car at all, and as you can imagine it is really boring, add that the low body count for only one person killed on screen & Five Across the Eyes is A film he hated passionately. <br /> <br /> On the technical level again, I can see that the technique of filmmaking here was a deliberate choice but I must be frank again & say the film "Five Across the Eyes" is the worst film I have ever seen. As a film lover, I like to make my movies look like movies because they are a visual medium, and I certainly do not want to look worse than a regular YouTube video or my home movies that were filmed on a video camera while I was drunk. She really looks like an amateur & that's bad, she's so dirty and I hate every moment of every second. Just think of Blair's Witch Project (1999) just ten times worse-looking and the slick will be almost there. There are times during Five Across the Eyes, where you can not literally figure out what's happening or happening because of the camera's work and the black and granular levels of contrast. Violence is also confused by a few stains of blood and stabbing in the end. <br /> <br /> The low budget does not begin to describe the game Five Across the Eyes, with an assumed budget of about $ 4,000, which is one of the least budgeted films ever released. The two trucks in the film were owned by members of the production and this is essentially the entire budget there, sites. The acting was very bad by the main cast, I hated all the fake things that were thrown at the crying and the screams which were not convincing at all but aroused great anger. <br /> <br /> Five Across the Eyes will be one of the worst movies I've ever seen and I've seen some movies. Whenever anyone asks me what the worst movie I've ever seen, Five Across the Eyes will definitely get a male. I hated him, every side and his miserable moment.
