- I have seen a number of good Indian horror films such as The Hamiltons, The Boys Love Mandy Lane and Cabin Fever; Unfortunately, I felt that five of my eyes did not fall into this category. From the beginning to the end, the film suffers from the work of amateurs echoed by a very poor script, and God alone knows why the writer thought the dialogue like "Do not go there; do not go out there and you will get: if you get you will kill you and kill you dead" Film quality. <br /> <br /> This film presents a very simple evolution of character and to be honest, I did not care less about pain and torture because they were just a group of university girls who showed almost no useful qualities. All they do is cry and scream throughout the entire film, and if the girls do not cry over their arguments; when they talk about the subjects, they are completely random: about dating to boys or how a girl was recently burned (appropriate subjects when a psychic chases you). <br /> <br /> Soundtrack is also a bad music show during both start and end credits (although listening to credit music knowing that the end was approaching the sky). <br /> <br /> The camera action is horrible and sometimes makes the movie inaccessible. I guess because of the lack or lack of budget, the director limited only one digital camera found in the girls' car almost the entire film. I think this was an attempt to make the audience closer to the procedure: to feel and experience what the girls are going through. But given the camera's very shaky, loving image and near-motion, it may be difficult to pinpoint what happens during motion scenes and is simply messy. Making a film in person is one thing, but there is something else to be done on the screen that the public can not decipher because of poor cinematography. <br /> <br /> I understand that the game Five Across the Eyes is low in the movie budget but this does not relieve the very poor quality. There are no alternative factors to this film: bad representation, poor scripting, poor camera work and any story. In light of all this I decided to give the film 1 out of 10 because it left me in great disappointment; the desire to meteor hit the earth brought me sweet relief. In 94 minutes off the stupid university girls cry, arguments, relentlessly and run random conversations inappropriate. However, how many times do you see girls flocking in their hands and crap crap on the windshield of a chase car.
