As fans of horror, we all know that blind rents are tantamount to an exchange of fire. Sometimes we find a real gem, but we often find that the film we just spent on our hard earned money is nothing more than a rotten steamer that gets worse as a result of the unfinished rave reviews and film festival prizes on the box. This is the case with Five Across the Eyes (a title I'm sure is a double participant that refers to both the budget of films and coercion that anyone who watches it may have to use the five fingers to stab their eyes). <br /> <br /> The story, or at least what the writers think is important for one, is centered on a group of teenage girls who wisely decide to go for a late night stroll after they leave playing football and jogging a crazy woman playing the cat and mouse with them as punishment for What she thinks he found the girls in her car after a barrier at the parking lot at a gas station. <br /> <br /> In fairness, it's an interesting idea. Some of the best horror lines have a very simple storyline. The implementation of this idea in the implementation of "five cross-eyes." The film tries to be a cross between The and the Witch Projectors with the shaky camera action and the Texas Massacre Massacre in his bare material approach but he managed not to be. What we get instead is the extra scenes of stalking, torture and release. Hunt the torture, and release them, in this arrangement for 94 minutes with long periods of hiking, shtick, walking and knit in proportion to the lot of fillings between chase sequences. <br /> <br /> The appearance of the film is incredibly sweet and dark, which, in a better film may be enhanced tension and realism. Here is just annoying. The characters are undeveloped and the viewer faces intense pressure to find anything he sympathizes with. One of the characters stops getting the first aid kit and tends to have some scratches on her face, while the gunshots heard in the background indicate that her friends may be killed. Another girl cuts stupid chicks with joy like "Do not go there, it will get you, if you get it will kill you and if you kill you are dead." <br /> <br /> An award from Fangoria and Dreadcentral.com was included in the box that forced me to check it out. Talking about a fake orgasm! Maybe my expectations would come true if this were in the comedy section. I am all of Indie's low budget horror, but this one takes a nonsense cake. Give Five Across the Eyes (or FATE, Get It)
