Watching the truth about love (is this the double person of the star?) Is like connecting white noise or the sounds of processed water to help you sleep - you can put it in a DVD slot because there is nothing else on the store shelves and you need distraction after a hectic day. It works for this purpose: Being a British romantic comedy, it is a bit more. <br /> <br /> The story is fairly simple about Alice's wife, Jennifer Love Hewitt, who is married to a distant husband named Sammy (Jimmy Mestry) who has put their love life on hold because of the burdens of his busy legal practice. His partner Archie (Dougray Scott) is fond of both Sam and Alice, but has long been attractive to Alice beyond friendship. Alice colleagues with her sister Felicity (Kate Miles), an advocate of free love, encourages Alice to establish relationships. On Valentine's Day, after a drinking party with her sister, Alice sent a note to Sam signed on to "Anonymous" as a test to see if Sam was responding, and tested his sincerity. At the same time, Archie sent a pack of radish seeds to Alice, which recorded her love not waving. Both regret de facto. Sam actually is spending time with Katya's lover (Branka Katik) and actually cheats on Alice. Alice arranges tasks with Sam via e-mail and phone calls and plans to meet Sam in an "anonymous" format to test his sincerity. A whole group of characters is caught in the ridiculous farce and finally proves that true love must be based on truth - and how the results in different pairing are the surprise (types) of the slave script. <br /> British comedy works because of the quality of writing and the quality of acting. Perhaps director John Hay has chosen to choose British actress Alice instead of pasting a false tone on Jennifer Love Hewitt, and the result may have improved. But in the end, this story, written by Peter Blur, reeks of humor and compassion in her letters. One terrible distraction is the musical result that is constantly loud so it covers all the dialogue and parasitic. There are some nice scenes in London and a few moments of humor allowed, but in the end this little movie is really used as background music / white noise. Grady harp
