The story revolves around something like this: a little girl in town, Katie (Jessica Simpson), decides to visit her boyfriend in the big city. When you arrive, you discover that it is not as sincere as it should be. Kitty then ends up in New York. Fill as the bike messenger comedy and the accidents of charming accidents ensues. She fell into a hole in the ground, and then met a charismatic charismatic Ben (Luke Wilson). Love is not at first sight, at least for her, but fate and Ben will not give up so easily. Being a "mere" girl in a small town and a villain of evil executives in a construction company decides to be the ideal scapegoat for their cunning plan. Misconceptions with hilarious and sad consequences follow. However, this blonde one will not take her to lie down! <br /> <br /> The people who are being judged in this film will soon be proven wrong. The jokes are confident and appropriate, and the story is well developed. The relationship between Katie and Ben seems so natural that she puts anything Godard created for shame. The multi-talented Jessica Simpson once again surprises a powerful role she can only get out of. Simpson is really Marilyn Monroe in our time (there is one scene that honors her!). It balances perfectly between weak and freak. Katie really shows us that you can not judge the book from its cover! Luke Wilson is as enchanting as ever. Even if covered with manure, this man will be as attractive as anyone else. The light touch and eyes make puppy dog ​​and back way difficult to resist. Andy Dick plays the role he was born to play, a satanic executive. He really can not be underestimated. The strength of performance lies in self-control. It's great, because most actors will run away from him and play him for cheap laughs. Not this guy! <br /> <br /> In the end, director Scott Marshall has created a clever and often fun comedy that is supposed to become a classic alongside film masterpieces such as Epic Movie and Norbit. Glory to all involved in this, especially Jessica Simpson. Her honest smile and full laugh would make the most difficult man break into a big smile. You may be harsh, but you are not cruel! It is warmly recommended for anyone who wants to sweep his feet and see a romantic comedy that feels like they are honest once. Thank you for this movie Oh, rock soundtracks! <br /> <br /> Now if you still have not understood it yet. I'm being sarcastic. 10/01
