It is a common practice for a film about repression to be somewhat quiet in style and style. However, there is a difference between the use of restraint and the promotion of narcissism among members of the public. In "The Secret Lives of Dentists", starring Campbell Scott and Haab Davis, director Alan Rudolph plays as close as possible to the blazer, and the result is a movie that never goes beyond a rumor about how teeth are a metaphor for married life. <br /> <br /> Scott performs well in the role of David Horst, a dentist married to another dentist (Davis). Rudolph dynamically maintains their relationship quickly - fully absorbed in the daily duties of being paternity, quietly disappointed with their hectic family life - and then increasing tension when Scott may or may not see his wife with another man. From this point, the film focuses on whether David will face his wife Dana or not about her potential adultery, or whether she will punch him and leave her forever. From time to time, David is treated for visits from a fictional "friend" in the form of a former patient played by Dennis Leary (heavily borrowed from Brad Pitt and Tyler Dorden in the "Fight Club"). <br /> <br /> While there are enough doubts about Dana's betrayal and David's instability to justify the exam, the last two-thirds of the film is vaguely veiled by the subject or narrative. Instead, Rudolf creates a drama of bad fever slowly moving across the Hearst family, culminating in a senseless hospital visit at the height of the film. The film never hints at David's ability to do so if he is not devoted to his family; nor does he spend much time looking at Dana's balancing act between her family life and her more pleasing ambitions. <br /> <br /> By choosing to spend most of the movie worrying about a lost fever, Rodolph kills the momentum of his film. By the time the fifth member of the family appeared to be sweating and ill, the film had used all the good graces to perform well-measured Scott. David and Dana ended up following their steps again and again until less than the healing end. With nothing to build on during the past hour, the conclusion seems awkward and confusing. "The Secret Life of Dentists" takes a common theme and does nothing to improve it. Absolutely, a disappointing film, fantastical.
