Yes, I know - you tremble with excitement. Well, * The Secret Lives of Dentists * will not disturb your expectations: they are made strongly but are not fundamentally offensive and honest but boring. It's about the story of a married couple who happen to be a dentist and share the same practice (actually a recipe for the problem: if it's not about our separate lives at work, we'll let all our husbands out of their rage). Campbell Scott, who does not remember her shrewdness and behavior "every man" like "Ned Flanders" of the Simpsons family, is the light-hearted Ober-Dad, and Hope Hope Davis is a very bored housewife who conveys her frustrations to amateur opera. One night, as Dad and his daughters attend one of Davis' shows, he discovers that his wife conveys her frustrations to more than just singing: he witnesses his wife kissing and joking with the opera director. (One nice touch: we never see the face of the opera director). Scout scares the possibility of suing for divorce, child custody and child custody - only lucrative for lawyers - Scott chooses to pretend ignorance of his wife's abuses. </ p> <br /> <br /> Indeed, the learner has begun to yawn: ho-hum, another story about Pathetic, Sniveling Little Cuckold. But Rudolph, who took the story from Jean Smailie's novel, hopes that the magnificence of this material will be compensated for by a series of glamorous postmodern touches. For example, one of Scott's warriors (Dennis Leary, who was kept relatively - and Mubarak - under examination) will later become a sort of imaginative dentist, and appears as a satanic advocate on the shoulder for the elderly masculine virtues ("unloading b --- h!" , Etc.). When Scott is not a new imaginary friend, he is tormented by illusions that involve his wife in a trilogy with two male dental assistants who are practicing them. It will not be far from saying that this movie is * Eyes Wide Shut * for Real People (or Grown-Ups, at least). Similarly, Campbell Scott and Hob Davis are recognizable human beings compared to Cruise and Kidman. Moreover, it is clear that the script for * Secret Lives * is more convenient than Kubrick. As a guide, I offer a presentation to the children of dentists, especially the youngest of them who are 3 or 4 years old, whose main words are "My father, father, father, father, father, father!" This is "family life", well, with all its charm. <br /> <br /> The film will produce an interesting double bill with * Kramer vs. Kramer *. One can easily trace the femininity of the American male from 1979 to 2003. In this film, my father is a housewife as in Kramer *, but he feels in no way upset by the local role, unlike Dustin Hoffman, who It was very rosy to make toast. Here, Scott gets all the hard work, such as vomiting, vomiting, cooking, and transporting children to any unusual activity after school on the agenda. All without complaint. (And without a causal comment, it's just a foregone conclusion.) <br /> <br /> The film has virtues, and it's often true. However, grandeur is dragged through its insistence on trendy deviations, which culminated in a long scene where the terrible stomach flu for five days makes rounds in the family. We have to have fantastical sequences of futility by a fictional leader Leary. Who, by the way, finally remembers the character of Brad Pitt in * Fight Club *. This finally leads to another major flaw in the film: lack of originality. In this review, I realized that it is very easy to refer to many other films. Granted, this film is an improvement on most of them, but still. * The Secret Life of Dentists * Worth seeing, but do not feel very enthusiastic about it. (Not that you're all that excited, anyway.
