Apparently, none of the previous reviewers, most of whom have praised the film for its accuracy, has read the biography of Louis Pasteur in fact. The most obvious inaccuracy in the relationship between Pastor and Napoleon III. The latter always appeared in a bad light. Although far from the impressive figure, he was an incompetent politician and a "military genius" who set himself up and allowed France to be drawn into a disastrous war, and he was not a stupid reactionary depicted here. He had an intelligent interest in science, and like many people in the 19th century, he had a bright future because of the improvements he would bring. Far from denying Pasteur, he was PATRON, and he built his laboratory and provided him with all the resources he needed to research. While the laboratory was under construction, Pasteur was seriously ill. The bureaucrat, who decided it was a waste of money to build a laboratory for someone who died soon, decided that the work would be stopped at his own authority. The emperor heard about this, shook his bureaucratic anger so that there was a wave of bystanders, and immediately resumed work. The emperor personally visited Pasteur for comfort and reassurance that he would get his laboratory. The emperor was often brought by the members of his professor admiring Pastor's projects, and it was clear to all that Pasteur was one of the emperor's favorite favorites. Pasteur's main concern over the emperor was that Napoleon believed that Pastor was a miracle worker who could do almost anything and was always assigned tasks outside his previous experience. Pasteur, a very humble man, invariably protested, but Napoleon said he had complete faith in him, and Pastor, despite his fears, always came. They always had an intimate and friendly relationship. After the overthrow of the emperor, Pastor refused to say a bad word about him, grateful for the end of his life. <br /> <br /> His daughter's part that has a child, and Buster sacrificing his principles to get a doctor, never happened. The part about anthrax and rabies, which was famous, is generally true, but the idea that anthrax experience has aroused his mystery to fame is wrong. He was famous and respected at that time. This film happened well from a dramatic point of view, but it is very distorted as a biography.
