I saw Chan Is Missing when I first came out, about four years after moving from San Francisco to New York. This may have been the perspective of a few years, but it seems that this film captures the essence of the city and its people better than anything else I've ever seen in my life (still does). It focuses on a particular society - the Chinese - but this is good, because much of the spirit of the city is broken through settings and faces and perhaps above all the voices of characters. <br /> <br /> This is not San Francisco tourists. The settings are modest and every day: a taxi, a Chinese restaurant kitchen, Richmond District homes, small apartments in Chinatown, small business offices, sidewalks, and an elderly Filipino center. This is what the city looks like and feels day by day for people living there - so far, in the era of urban redevelopment of Silicon Gulch. Unlike Dirty Harry (for example, the film San Francisco is also excellent), everything is photographed at the street level: we have come to understand the views of the characters from their point of view surrounding them, not some luxury luxury shooting. <br /> <br /> Wang's picture appears in B & W because he did not have the money to do it, but one of the strongest visual elements in the film is his natural light. The quality of the harsh and often closed sun is one of San Francisco's closest connections: it seems to reveal everything, making buildings, hills and other features low-sized and funny, making people on the streets seem more individual and perhaps closer to you than you might be. Elsewhere. Wang's portrayal conveys this perfectly, as he helps the story in some points. <br /> <br /> I think Wang is picking up speech and conversational style in Chinese and other San Franciscan better than ever before. If there is something like "the real San Francisco dialect", that's what you hear from the ballet taxi broker (I think) who appears talking on the phone in one scene (hear the way he communicates with the person on the other end) ya dingaling! "). <br /> <br /> The story is impressive, and in spite of some very minor errors, it stands out beautifully on the longing that attracts the hearts of people living in the old immigrant communities - including justified political and ethnic resentment, And a few sarcastic comedies that help fuel it - all of this is being closely linked - perhaps why some of the respondents here believe that the film is limping.No - suffice it to say that the taxi drivers' search for Chan becomes a search for something more personal. /> Chan Chan Missing ends in the Chinatown travel dialogue series supported by an innovative song from the 1930s (I think) about San Francisco and all its diversity American comics, yes, but somehow not out of the mark either.
