What an unfortunate mess is "Shiner". I wanted to admire this anti-film ambition, and I really found a number of moments in Bernin's strong. Unfortunately, those moments are few and far between. Although I appreciate some of what Calson was trying to do, which feature the naked bones aspire to, no budget filming of the budget has been destroyed by some of the heinous edits that have benefited from the film at all. <br /> <br /> Budget (and big budget) Cinema, Shiner has some remarkably bad performances which are almost painful to watch. In particular a "straight" couple Linda and Jay Young. These two characters are the most badly written characters that offer almost nothing to the story. The representation is very bad and no representative seems to be able to resist shouting or breaking down, as they are deeply disappointed by lack of skill. The intermittent editing almost gives the feeling that these roles were quite rewarding and gave them away to avoid the typical portrayal of movies as a gay film. It could have been better off. <br /> <br /> With everything wrong, there are many shows that seem to embody what Calson hoped to have. Especially the story focused on Bob and Tim. These two are the most graphic and rich characters, and they offer most of the rewards through truly attractive offers for Nicholas T. King (Bob) and David Zelenas (Tim). Tim is a boxer with some serious issues. Low self-esteem disguises itself almost as much by animation as arrogance worn like armor paint. Tim obsessed, Bob seems harmless in the end, chasing the Boxer style cat and mouse classic. When the tables turn and the hunter becomes a stalker, the only real emotional respite is produced in the film. In a highly artificial film (this is a compliment), one character must have this illusionary revelation (or collapse, as the case here proves). The final confrontation between Bob and Tim provides Zellin and King with an opportunity to show some real moving pieces. <br /> <br /> It seems that Tony and Danny are the focus of the film, as Scott Steep and Driss Nayl played, and despite some of their moments of courage (including a really annoying scene that reveals sex / violence obsession), but they seem to be They can not escape the cartoon-like piece and it's hard to look at them - or beyond the symphony of the Tone Phenomenon and find anything other than what is clear. <br /> <br /> In the end, this same raw material can (and should) be used to tell the story better. Unfortunately, there is not much to recommend so far. The offers by Mr. King and Zelenas really offer something special and a glimpse of what might and should be seen in the end.
