So, does it really come to this? Are we, as adults, to blame the next generation of filmgoers who lack cinematic understanding and celluloid capacity? With regard to the latest Wayans and Co. In addition to the animation scenario; a small man. This UK P.G. (Parental guidance), any person under the age of 12 must be accompanied by an adult responsible, a certified film, is an example of what has now evolved into the worst case of decline since the cigarettes were "discarded" from the cinematic images of the 1950s. <br /> <br /> There were often fewer than a dozen audiences here, who sat there, without being under great supervision, sat there obediently, taking everything, oblivious to their theme, and the partially created features they depicted Little man, at least partly. Movies, in general, can do better than this lousy attempt, while this nonsense still accommodates them while they are still small and modern, and the biggest fear for the future of cinema is that the child's ignorance may continue until the bliss grows. The cinema deserves more than this, as well as its permanent growth, and literally also, the masses, this cowardly cash cow feeds on young minds that are never affected. <br /> <br /> There is no cinema experience here, no wonder open-eyed, no stunning respect for the magic of movies. There is nothing but confusion and disdain, given the lack of substance and originality and its less-than-perfect connection to the mind and a parody of what is now wrong with the Hollywood machine. In order to make a quick profit, we have to bear the future of film audiences. <br /> <br /> Will Hitchcock, Fasbinder, Leon, Cobrik and Schaffner follow in their graves? They all loved money, no doubt, but the talent and enthusiasm for perfection and quality, and to a large extent, respect for their profession and their audience, were never short. We see again, with the work of the Wayans, other clichés of bad taste, while the likes of White Chicks (2004) were undoubtedly a stab in the bourgeoisie of American society. The irony here is that the two protagonists, played again, by the Wayans brothers, are very secretive, that all the recognition does not exist, and this makes for a better film too, and this is the actor Terry Cruise who gives the white rarest of her content and personality, not Wayans. <br /> <br /> Once again, through her films of the 1970 films Blaxploitation, as with the 1988 film I Gonna Git You Sucka, this movie can be considered a comedy and entertaining, with heavy weights such as Isaac Hayes, Jim Brown, Bernie Casey, Jeanette du Bois. The important point is that Little Man has absolutely no personality of any kind, shallow and narcissistic, without appreciation or value to his followers, and soon dives in taking your money and before we know it, hid himself in the gears of business. There is no known effort with respect to where our money was spent. After Scary Movie (2000), things could only have increased, but unfortunately this has not happened, there is little thought in the technical value. The bold film must be the following moguls movies directly on the video, and one can only hope. <br /> <br /> Wayans seems to have made some kind of movies on their own; to a certain extent; they have beaten to death a parody, they have crushed every path in their inevitable style. They have slowly destroyed the reputation of the last 100 years that cinema has given us. The ghosts of past films may be modest in their rule. Their growing masses, so far, when the bubble exploded, may well be understood as well.
