[Contains spoilers !!!] <br /> <br /> Timothy and Pumbaa see The Lion King. Timon decides to return before the start, until when the story actually begins. So they return. The way back. Even before the birth of Simba. Back to Timon's old house which was miles away from Pride Rock. A herd of Mirkats is buried underground to hide from the hyenas. The worst digger in the Mirkat clan was pompous, centered around himself called Timon. His mother was sorry for him but Uncle Max shook his head. The mother suggested putting Timon on duty. Timon dreamed of a bigger and better place there somewhere. Only then, the hyenas reached Shinzi, Ponsai and Ed and killed Uncle Max Max. That's what she did. The other Merkats only wanted Timon to leave while Timon himself took the leave. So his mother accepted goodbye and began. He did not go far before he began to feel nostalgic. He then only met my companion who taught him to look beyond what he saw. Timon had no idea what it meant. He kept interviewing a pig named Bomba, who was alone because of the problem of flatulence. Timon and Bumba join that time, but Timon announced them as acquaintances, not friends. <br /> <br /> They soon arrived at Pride Rock, where wild donkeys, antelopes, wildlife insects, rhinoceros, lily balls, elephants and many other simple animals gathered. what was going on? Timon did not care. They pressed on. Then Timon saw a companion at the top of Pride Rock, raising something in the air that he could not see. Only then did all the animals take the bow. Was this to honor the birth of the new king? No, Bomba passed through the gas and the animals bent to cover her noses; Timon and Pumba tried a variety of new homes, but both were annoying because of the constant singing or hyenas or a great scramble for wild animals! Pumbaa and Timon find themselves suddenly heading down the stream. When they reach the ground, Timon decides to surrender. But then they look at the newly discovered paradise. It was beautiful: trees and water fall as far as the eye can see. Timon was named after a strange phrase he learned from my companion: Hakuna Matata. Timon and Bumba go bowling for one of the puzzles one afternoon when they suddenly run to Simba. They take him under their wing and become a father. They teach him the arts of eating contests and wrinkles. Soon, Simba will encounter teen Timon in a snail shake contest. Simba won, leaving Timon in a fatal condition. <br /> <br /> One day, Nala, childhood friend in Simba, arrived. Timon and Bumba knew they would break up friendship. Suddenly, Simba runs away. Nala and Bomba race after him, but not Timon. He chose to stay in Hakone Matata alone, until my companion "somehow" to join his friends at Pride Rock, while Timon and Uncle Max arrive, while Scar fights, Mother and Max dig a big hole for the hyena Shenzi, Bonzai, and Ed are soon scarred in the same hole where the hyenas are devoured, and then everything is ok The mother, Uncle Max and the rest of the Mirkats live with Timon and Pumba in the paradise that is Hakone Matata. When my mother, Uncle Max, Simba and my companion want to see him again, as are Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck Joffe, Snow White, The Seven Dwarfs, Dumbo, Peter Pan, The West Boys, Mad Hatter, Mars Hare, Jenny Aladdin and Yasmin. <br /> <br /> Well, I also have to say that Lion King 1 1/2 was not as good as I had hoped. The Lion was the original king, a masterpiece, she had a serious story with the light comedy that was thrown in. This one was just ridiculous and made him sarcastic, I swear, sometimes Timon and Pumba are too much. It's funny, but just annoying. The original soundtrack: Nathan Lane as Timon, Ernie Sabella in the role of Bomba, Matthew Broderick in the role of Deep Simba, Wobi Goldberg as Shanezi, Shish Marin as Bonzai, Jim Cummings as Ed, and Robert Guillem as my companion. Among the new actors are the Julie Cavner series of television (too long) Simpsons series as Emma Timon and Jerry Steller as Uncle Max. Anyway, this film is not Lion King III, not the second because it already exists II. It happens immediately after the first part and the second part with sticks. Thus, it is 1 1/2. In conclusion, I do not recommend that I die strongly for Lion King fans because it is ironic and irreconcilable. However the children will love it so I recommend it to them. I hope this film is also the film "The Lion Last King". Two are enough. "Lion King 1 1/2". What we have achieved from Disney makers is the sequel. <br /> <br /> -
