The director and his crew head to the isolated Bell Palace to produce a horror film with a low budget for the seven mysterious deaths of the Bell family that took place there in the last century. Even with warnings from the Chargé d'affaires ai, the director does not pay any attention to the house he supposedly cursed. One crew member found a book titled Tibetan Book of the Dead, and used some passages of it for their text. But when they do, they lift the red color from his grave. <br /> <br /> Boring, confusing and pain-ridden, all integrated into one, this production is equated with tireless and flawless terror. What looks like eternal, seems to never occur or shows anything effective from fairly decent ideas. Although director Paul Harrison is high-heeled, his tense direction did not build a host of exotic, moody, and atmospheric objects. But laziness put him early. The entire film takes the film's bulk into the film's structure, and at this time nothing significant matters. It is also not pleasant. Think of Bob Clark's film "Children Should not Play Dead Things" (1972), and now we have senior actors in this part. However, the "seven bodies" were found to be inferior. The early script has some plentiful wit, before it ends up being monotonous, predictable and left with many unfulfilled possibilities. The cheap foundation, which includes limited groups, did not help things either, but the appearance of the gloomy and dark palace had a creepy air. The performance of the molded BB is basically solid. John Carradine in a small part lies mainly. John Earln plays the role of hot director, the overcast actress Fath Dumergo requires attention and Charles McCollay proves her. The slow grinding hypothesis is imposed between "ten small Indians" and the usual zombie group. However, not all that is catchy, even with a mysterious and supernatural edge. So hell they throw at some graves, with no predominance. When rotten Ghoul makes his appearance? Finally, but a bit late. It gets a little better, if it's too confusing. Just like the inspiring opening, the end is pleasantly optimistic. Unfortunately between, it continues down. Continuity comes in many scenes that do not exist, and scenes of death are more exciting and more bloody (but in fact poorly executed) in the film they create, then what happens to them already when the zombie appears. General music excels with its striking manifestations, but the outspoken gothic cliche, and the work of the camera is organized with a lack of imagination. Shoot and frame. Shoot and frame. job done. This is a wrap.
