This is the kind of film that really hurts me to admit that it really absorbs it. I usually sanctify things like this! In the early 70s, the titles are filled with serene titles and a low-budget atmosphere, usually the ROCK. The "House of Seven Bodies" seems to be getting rid of more Trump, because the cast is a gathering of veterans of the great genre (including John Carradine, John Ireland and Fayth Dumberg) and locations of photography (The House of Honor and the Graveyard) Terrorism. The film begins in its most dramatic and painfully memorable sequence, although unfortunately it is enough that they are the only ones to qualify as such. Credits are a wonderful montage, complete with exotic color effects and strange freezing frames, showing how the distinctive house earned its reputation. The last seven owners were killed in mysterious circumstances here and the credit montage is delighted with the last moments of joy. Someone falls on the porch screaming, a lady drowns in the bathtub, while another body hangs from the ceiling and four other horrible plates. Needless to say that the house is cursed and the unflappable behavior of t. Mr. Price (Karadin) only fortifies this reputation. In other words, the house is the perfect grass for the famous director Eric Hartman (John Ireland) to film his demonic film. The structure of the film inside the film is what makes the "House of Seven Bodies" very boring and quiet. A lot of film material is wasted on crew members who place film dumps in the camera and pull them around cables or ?? the worst ?? Faith Duke and Charles McCulay portray the stereotypes of an intolerable actor. The plot finally becomes a little interesting (just a little, keep in mind) when a character reads some lines of a mysterious book and accidentally awakens a moldy body in the backyard. The asthmatic zombie (judging by its noise) slowly goes to the house and kills the entire crew, reminding us of how the previous seven have turned into bodies. After a period of about 60 minutes, the film suddenly turns from wet to odd and confusing. I am still not sure whether the recent development is about the concept of reincarnation or just a coincidence, and all the remaining characters suddenly seem to undergo wide mental transformations shortly before their death. I sincerely regret to confirm the "House of the Seven Bodies" is a very shocking film. Landscapes and landscapes are chilling, but they are almost used for full effect and there is a serious lack of heinous bloodshed. Many of the few gems of the 1970s were surprisingly low, so the lack of financial means is no excuse and murders can not be considered in the film. Even reliable superstars always make distorted presentations, and Harrison's direction is not entirely inspiring. Not recommended, unless you think the montage opening open balances of four and a half minutes is worth the effort to buy a copy.
