I have three comments I can make about this film, which I discovered hanging heavily in the bottom shelf of the Blockbuster. First, it is interesting to see the approaches of filmmakers in an attempt to portray essentially unbreakable works. Some people, as Kubrick did with Lolita, got the original author to write a script similar to the original work. Of course it can not happen here; Kraft-Ebing died long. Some have used the original duty stations as a starting point to go in a completely new and irrelevant direction (the recent amendment to "Tristram Shandy" here). You can hide it - the movie "Slaughterhouse Five" is in my opinion an example. Or you can simply take the original format and try presenting it in the film short films. This will be the "all you want to know about sex" approach that Woody Allen has to say that this movie. When looking, it may be the only thing one can do with scientific work such as "Psychopathia Sexualis". The potential loss is that whatever the accumulated point, the original work has been blocked or destroyed. And here it is. <br /> <br /> The second point is the cinematic style. Some might call it a "salute" to Mornau, Babest, Carl Dreier, etc., but I think it's more raw than that. Its a very heavy self-conscious ladder to be effective for a long time. It's finally annoying. <br /> <br /> The third point may have been a less intellectual observation. How did the people responsible for this produce a film about anomalous sex deviations and an incredibly boring deviation? I found it impossible to draw attention to the film, and anyone who is not automatically drawn to the depiction of sexual perversion will find it as well. I do not want to be completely non-shareable and say that the film makes no sense, but I must say that any point the filmmakers have was obscured by the nature of the source material, the public's filming and stubborn refusal to engage the audience on an emotional level (perhaps out of fear of being charged with excitement). <br /> <br /> The movie is a dubious exercise from the start and does not really help me, I'm sorry to say.
