Dreamgirls, although his grip on Tony wins in an incredibly weak year on Broadway, has never been what one calls a jewel in the crown of musical plays. However, this does not mean that in the right cinematic hands can not be embodied and refined in something of value on the screen. Unfortunately, what is transmitted to the screen is basically a sincere version of the faithful stage that affects all the inherent weaknesses. First, the result has never been one of the strong points of this production nor does the film change this factor. There are many songs (perhaps too many?), But few of them are particularly memorable. The closest to ever to your catchy songs is the song title and One Night Only - the rich and the most famous and I tell you that I am not going, it is a wonderful song less than a dramatic piece of the character of Ivy (Jennifer Hudson). The film is superb and technically well produced, but the story and the characters are amazingly high and lack any resonance. There is some interest in the opening moments, and watching the director of Svengali for Jimmy Fox, he plays his actions up, but that takes a back seat in the final part of the film, when the story tries to portray him as evil. He had the right of a commercial position for a good majority of the film. Beyoncé Knowles is beautiful and she sings her songs well, but she is stuck with a character that shines basically. Anika Noni Rose as a third member in Dreamgirls trio literally has nothing to do with the entire film. Eddie Murphy is well-established as a singer clearly based on James Brown, but the role is not particularly warm and has little impact at the end. Foxx may seem perfect, but it seems strangely owned. The biggest selling point in the film is definitely the American Idol / Oscar-winning Jennifer Hudson contest in the main role of Ivy White, the moody singer who gets the boot from the group and is a great success. For me, Effie has always been a big problem in both the show and the cinema. It is clear that the film wants you to feel sorry for it and take it to its side, but I was not absolutely sure that this character deserves this kind of dedication. From the start, Evie behaves mostly like the hateful, self-centered, self-centered singer who cares more about what anyone else can do to her rather than the big interest in the group she is part of. When they are taken out of the group because of their lack of professionalism and bad attitude, the charges are more than a good foundation, but the play / film seems to believe that Effie should ease the unlimited recession just because she has a great voice. Although the film tries to soften some of the harsh edges of Ivy to make it more impressive, the charges remain. Her story becomes more manipulative by suggesting that she should be more sympathetic to being the unmarried mother struggling to raise her daughter - by suggesting that motherhood (such as a talent card) makes any behavior impossible immediately. In fact, the only great effort the film makes to show Eve's motherhood is to tell us about it and then include a scene in which her daughter barks in the unemployment office, insisting that the girl "does not have a father" and then refuses to search for the winner. Work to support them because singing is all you know. In the hands of a skilled actress, the gaps may be addressed by technique and charisma. Unfortunately, Hudson is not that actress. She sings well, but the moments of dialogue do not come naturally to her or the high emotional moments. The moment of signing Effie (mentioned above and I tell you ... number) is sung by the Hudson well, but emotionally flat in acting. Evie is supposed to express her anger and despair in her predicament, but Hudson is set off by a cabaret performer dancing hot. All in all, not quite the emotional highlight one expects. The last part of the film is basically a predictable set of events that move Foxx to the former Hudson site and allow it to evaporate and return it to everyone. Foxx's criminal crimes in the film are certainly not in line with the path of many producers of distressed recordings, but the implication that the film seems to have gained because it helped to enter the disco era is somewhat ironic, not to mention humility and concession, From a movie with each depth of a pond. The end result is the sincere delivery of the stage of success or the depletion of emotion or energy or anything that can be described as dynamic.
