Before I start, I want to say briefly that this film itself is well made and behaves well by all concerned, including Whittaker, who already deserves his nomination. It's very entertaining, and. . . Taken in the right context as a work of fiction, it is a very good film. So, give him two stars. <br /> <br /> However, instead of wasting your time with what you can read a hundred times elsewhere, I want instead to refer to the absolute fantasy nature of this film and how dangerous it is to sell people a fictional work as if it were true. I stress that this film anywhere in the credits allows us to know that the main character, Dr. Nicholas Garrigan, is a complete invention of the imagination. Instead, it presents this character in a real historical environment, allowing the uninformed viewer to assume that he is actually real, and what he sees is the truth. I have no problem blending truth and fiction - but doing so in such a dishonest matter, in words, is reprehensible. <br /> <br /> Africa, along with most of the Third World, is awash with misery and human suffering. Hollywood has long tried to portray the suffering of people in these countries in the film. But Hollywood also has an eye toward making money. The only real way to capture the suffering that seems to be happening everywhere, but the West is either to try it on your own, or at least get it in an honest documentary. <br /> <br /> But these images of fictional characters in true historical settings can only do a lot. At the end of the day, they become less casual to the viewer to decide for themselves, and more about your driving from photo to picture and beating you over the scream of the head, "Look, we've told you!" The basic example of this can be found by anyone who wants to watch the documentary on DVD after sitting through the film. One of the most shocking images of the film is the body of Kai Amin, Eddie's second wife, who killed her when she discovered her husband's betrayal. In the film, we see that the limbs have been cut and installed in the back (arms legs and vice versa). This is the director who makes sure you understand that Amin, says Gungans, Bom-bad! But by watching the documentary, we learned that this was really nothing more than a myth, as the current Minister of Health tells us. <br /> <br /> So. . . What . . . They just make these things? why? Because Hollywood has a weak view of our intelligence, that's why! They do not trust us to get the right result for ourselves. Look at her killing and hacking is in itself enough to conclude that Amin was not the man he liked to portray to the media - we do not need images inspired by the Texas movie CHAINSAW to promote it! This is just the tip of the iceberg. What is not explained to the ordinary contender is that Garygans' leading character is fictional. There was no young Scottish doctor under Amin's wing. As such, the Garrigan exists clearly only in order to help us stupid Westerners in understanding the African world. It seems that the producers will not be interested in a film about Africa unless there is a white face in it. (Ironically, even the pottery character is portrayed by a black American actor!) The problem with this film is that the film no longer reveals Amin and his regime, but rather a provocative provocation film about a Western-Western film coming to Africa. Wrong reasons, committing many terrible mistakes, then "recover" himself, even at the expense of three other innocent lives. Frankly, I must say it is almost disgraceful to point out that the true tragic death of Mrs. Amin was the result of an attempt with a fictional Scottish doctor - it seems to have become a nearly satisfying joke for entertainment! I really hope that Hollywood will stop attacking us for our money. She initially realized her inclination to do so through the pathetic manipulation of BEAUTIFUL MIND, Ron Howard and Akiva Goldsmans to adapt to the pleasant life of John Nash, which omitted the dark side of the man to deliver the only tormented hero that America could only get enough of. The sad truth is that Hollywood has been selling us these fake products for years, and viewers, who expect to be lazy or unwilling to predict themselves, and buy these fake images, hook, line, and snorkeling. <br /> <br /> See, I certainly do not suggest that Amin turns into a villain was not. My point is that the truth is shocking enough to convince us of the brutality of a man, why should Hollywood go so far as imaginative? Why should Hollywood continue to humiliate us by pressing these films? Why do not they trust us in thinking for ourselves !? Can not we just put the honest pictures on the screen and let the audience decide for themselves? I urge everyone who continues to watch the so-called "real" Hollywood movies on your own for your own sake, and never assume that what's on the screen is close to the truth!
