Forest Whitaker's performance is even more impressive to make it almost worthwhile by sitting in this dredging. "Historical Imagination" does not justify a change of history. The absurdity of A to Z starts with James McAvoy's fictional lead character. The creation of a fictitious observer to give the reader a point of contact in the book is unfortunate. It is regrettable that white people can not read a book without a white hero to communicate with, but at least a person has been placed in a somewhat passive role. The formation of a false historical representative and the appreciation of this novel of the Secretary of the world exposure is irresponsible, lazy and stupid. The act of this creation is not only a criminal act, but it has opened the door to films such as those that they plan to make with Leonardo DiCaprio as a hero in the Enron whistle that never happened. The logic of the world does not apply in this film where some Scottish children think it is good to sleep with a killer dictator's wife. That does not apply to the dictator's wife's desire to sleep with an irresponsible stupid white boy. On this issue, everyone lined up to sleep with this arrogant and irresponsible white boy, even flogging Gillian Anderson as he licked her beautiful slices. <br /> <br /> Let me announce, I do not like James McAvoy. I'm not sure about it, but I thought Mr. Tumnus in Narnia was crawling and perilous. I think Kerry Washington will never look at him twice, so I can not believe that the wife of a dangerous man like Amin would risk him and lose his life for him. I do not believe him as a doctor, and I do not see the appeal. It seems that his character has greater arrogance than meaning, and try to make it look like heresy in the shooting of the cow was ... there is this word again ... silly. Think about it, you see all these characters bend in a knot in order to absorb this incredible main character and there was no such man before. <br /> <br /> Gillian Anderson looks amazing and does not look more British than most Britons. Whitaker presents a large and extensive magnetism, with his earlier speeches to the unthinkable, to what extent he acted. It is shameful that the film around him has no reason to exist.
