"Women? They're all purifiers ...!" <br /> <br /> No, not a good translation; absolutely! This is a failure of the "Father Army" the previous year, missing the magic of the small screen of an original TV comedy, and failing to play with any interest at all with the big screen ... You can say that this film is a good fall in Britain's entry, From that, the British film industry * deteriorated. That's hardly a recommendation, is it? To be a role model for the foolish folly ... <br /> <br /> All that remains after being stripped of the appeal of the original version of the television, his body Cliff Owen, Galton and Simpson: the yawning musical yawning, yawning, from Ron Grainer ... the feelings of the end (poor end and thick ears ... how bolder it seems in Steptoe II compared to a seed increase - where the director and the writers seem to separate themselves completely - apply exactly to something like "stunning brutality" Really on this site) since 1973, "mutations." There is a strange, strange tone about the scene in which Harold was beaten in a rugby club, and I partially dislike him and restrain him (so far, as a friend, from the mood of the TV series ...), but this at least seems to be an original bias and a symbol of tensions rising to boiling point Britain 1972 ... However, there is an implicit prostitute, turning into a "heart of gold" that turns into a loose woman - ater 'a pon auld poor' - and beyond the caricature of the 'class' element; not to mention the amazing misconduct of potential clients . Bramble collides with Corbett with the text, failing to cure him of the main pork. What did Anthony Wessios Hancock make of everything ...? I'll just admit that just a few moments of work - especially those in which G & S plays a little more nerve and that the tender touch nerves of B & C - are not generally insurmountable. <br /> <br /> But, oh, how this hurts me to say: it is exhausting and tedious, both deliberately separated from reality and made the TV series wonderful, as well as perfectly consistent with the lazy, fashionable, dislike of women "Damn it, which will do ... "the fact that much has been allowed to pass to the mainstream film industry in Britain at the time.
