Well, let me once again admit that I have not seen any other movies for Merchant Ivory. I also did not see more of the work being celebrated by the director, so my ability to discuss was reduced before analyzing the rain outside the analysis of the film itself. With this acceptance, let me begin. <br /> <br /> Before The Rains, a different kind of film does not know the type it wants to be. At first, he pretends to be a love story. In most romances, the protagonist is in love with a supportive personality, separated from the supporting character, and sometimes united with his partner. The hero of this film has already won the heart of his lover but can not be with her. His name is Henry Morris and her name is Sajani, and they reside in southern India during the days of the retreat of Raj (the British Imperial Government). Henry has been away from London for a long time and fell in love with his married Indian maid, despite his legal marriage and his child abroad. What could be better than that? They often sneak into the afternoon to be noticed by some children. The word is spread with a pair of Sajani who questions her involvement with Morris. Denies any contact with him, but Morse asks her to leave the area. Sajani refuses because of her loyalty to him and commits suicide. Please note that these events occur in the opening third of the film. The film changes its tone and becomes a criminal drama in its final parts. <br /> <br /> The body of Sajani was discovered directly with the arrival of the Morse family. The alleged culprit is T.K. T.K. He knows about his master's relationship but remains silent until his life becomes threatened. Once he is declared innocent, he tries to restore his honor by killing Maurice. T.K. Very sensitive and leaves it in a dirt road with rainfall. <br /> <br /> I want to warn you, this is not a romantic film. The DVD cover and posters show an Indian woman and a Caucasian man embracing an ideal setting. This image is taken directly from the opening of the film, but it disappears quickly. Then he finished. It seems like an attempt to take advantage of the Western fixation on forbidden love. It's not effective, at all. The film is not only a love story, but its characters lack any personality. They are bundles of walking cliches. Moores is an arrogant white man who does not recognize his Indian friend, the intelligence of T.K. T.K. Torn between his heritage and his educational background. Sajani is a woman unable to choose in her romantic life. Oh, of course, the Morris family is curious about Sjani's death but is still somewhat racist for the Indians. If the tone is not very serious, I will be willing to overlook these problems, but it is not. The film is presented in an educational tone that highlights the development of his bad character. <br /> <br /> No, this movie is not terrible. Other than a funny scenario, not bad. All the actors are experienced and perform well here. Nandita Das, who plays Sajani, was part of India's wonderful water drama. Even director Sevan has a wonderful autobiography. He recently directed The Terrorist, part of Roger Ebert's "Fantastic Films" collection. What happened here? Why is this movie so bad? Well, Sevan pointed out how inspired he was to direct this film because of a palace he saw in Israel called Red Roofs. Apparently, the story was "immortal," and Sevan sought to create a similar experience in India in the 1930s. I have no problem with this approach, but I think Sivan may have had a big motivation this time. Actors, cinematography, and acceptable design are acceptable, but unless Hala Sevan is involved, she probably will not enjoy it. My recommendation is that you assume you disagree with him and watch something else. Final Consensus: * And of *****
