I can understand after watching this again for the first time in several years how one considered the worst of Laurel and Hardy. For me, it is not close to the bad "Air Raid Wardens" and "The Bullfighters", but there are some huge flaws identified in it. The film was designed to show Laurel and Hardy as owners and instructors of the dance studio. Hardy is funny as a brilliant leader of the London Bridge dance, surrounded by 20th-century Fox stars, while in Laurel he teaches ballet novices dressed in ballet dances. A clumsy carpenter pours glue onto the floor, leading to a predictable gulf where Hardy ends up losing. Then, in the Mujahideen, they are now selling insurance that cover their protective racket. One of them is the young Robert Mitchum and the handsome. But as soon as children bully the purchase of insurance, they are arrested. <br /> <br /> This is the end of the gangs and the last time we see where the dance studio is. The rest of the film was dedicated to the support of Laurel and Hardy for the legendary pastor Trudy Marshall and her friend inventor Robert Bailey. They try first to help them hide their relationship from her disobedient parents (Matt Briggs and Margaret Dumont) and address the hopeful hope, Alan Lin, whom we can immediately say is an invalid pig. This leads to the discovery of the hidden "bragging" bar under Domont's supervision, which contains tea, and a gag that literally pulls a rug out of the wealthy patriarch who bumps into his bed in a pool below. When Billy uses the boys to help display his beam gun, the attack ensues. Deadly personal server for Case and Dumont announces that their house is burning. <br /> <br /> Later, Hardy wants to use the insurance policy to make money to pay rent his dance studio and hopes to get Laurel to break the leg to do so. There is no reference to the fact that insurance vendors were gangs and that this policy may be invalid. (Even if they become a legitimate insurance agent, after their arrest, their licenses will be revoked). Lorel ends up getting off the bus that the driver left on a freaky dog ​​(only frostbite covered with cakes, eaten by both Tutu and maybe the real dog), causing Oliver to end up on a big beach reel that somehow ended the bus, Its wheels are perfectly on the tracks. Rollerballs may be exciting, as shown by "Abbott and Costello Go to Hollywood", and this game is entertaining but anti-theft. <br /> <br /> With the conclusion of the story, it seems that all these gags do not contain any point, giving the impression that this was just a series of single rollers put together to make a full feature, and hope to be part of a double bill. L & H, as I mentioned in other reviews of their subsequent films, lost a lot of luster after I left the post of Hal Roach, but surprisingly here, they do not pay off as old and tiring as they were in films that were produced in the same year. If the gags were not amusing, as was the case with some of their other films, this would certainly have been classified as "2" unlike "3".
