For those fans of Laurel and Hardy, the 1940s and later were a very sad period for the team. Their contracts with Hal Roach Studios have now become "free agents" - able to work in any studio that offers them a job. Unfortunately, Fox, RKO, MGM (without Roach) and even a French movie company hired the boys no touch on their comedy talent. In addition, both Stan and I have been older and have seen that these men with geriatric illnesses are sad and not particularly funny. Stan looked very upset, and Ulysse's weight went so far that he could hardly walk, making me feel uncomfortable laughing at their very strange instincts. <br /> <br /> In addition to their age, this particular film suffers because Fox Studios have played a supportive role and created a parallel plot involving a young couple - which reduced their time on the screen and turned them into an unskilled "hanger" rather than being themselves. Stan and Lynne are very cute and cute on Lorel and Hardy's old twenties and thirties - and looked terribly strange and fit them badly. <br /> <br /> Now, even as they age, this can be a good film if it's a decent book and if the studio seems to care - it's quite clear that they're using "unit B" here - with, at best Conditions, get second-class support. In particular, there are very few laughs and the last ten minutes of the film are absolutely appalling - relying exclusively on a dirty screen with a background background for a stupid chase scene - which may be classified as one of the worst types in the film's history. <br /> <br /> For the mysterious zombies of Laurel and Hardy, it's probably a movie they'll love. But for fans who want to honestly evaluate this film for their previous stunning films, it simply comes from who really wants it. In fact, among all their long films before 1940, I can not think of a movie I liked less than dancing. Unfortunately, from post-1940 films, this may be one of their best films. Unfortunately, it got worse - through miserable movies like the big bang and the lack of something. I wish the boys had just retired after SAPS AT SEA. <br /> <br /> Finally, I wonder if all the overall positive reviews of this film on IMDb might reflect the love of reviewers for the team rather than being an indication that this is a good film? For an audience that does not really like the team, I do not know how this film will do anything but carry the audience - certainly will not convince anyone that Laurel and Hardy were comedian geniuses. But even comedian geniuses need materials worthy of their talents.
