This film uses all the technical clichés (slow speed, long still images, minimal dialogue) in an attempt to hide the fact that nothing is worth seeing here: there is no plot to talk about. The characters are bleak or tersteeghe, They do not talk to each other about anything about their fairly quiet lives. The film focuses on a woman who discovers her husband's adultery. Instead of confronting him, she avenges with extreme zeal by committing adultery herself. After fighting and reconciliation with her sister - who knew adultery without telling her - asks her husband to stop cheating. They seem to unite as a family. Two other lines of the story - the planned step of the elderly father of the woman with his young wife to Guernsey and competition with the woman's sister - offer no interesting developments. The suicide of a fellow woman who appears to be triggering events in the film is not an issue in itself. For 2005 - or any other year for this issue - this is not enough to produce an interesting film. <br /> <br /> Furthermore, what are the small possibilities of dramatic development in the script that are not being used or consciously avoided, such as when a woman and her sister mark a particular piece of furniture from their parents' Which will be sold because of its planned movement. Both sisters want this particular piece and compete in the past - on things that are more important than furniture: men - and this in theory can lead to confrontation. Or the matter can be solved by one sister giving way to the other. In both cases, this will not be an interesting or original development of the story, but at least it will be some development. The film clearly identifies this position (the two sisters look attentively at each other during the tagging, and her sister says she does not want to paint straw) but deceives us from any decision: the scene will simply end and how this - somewhat somber and materialistic - ends up resolving the issue , Does not appear. <br /> <br /> Although almost completely absent, the dialog box in the movie is lukewarmly flat. For example, when the sisters talk during a visit to Guernsey, they compete in a three-line dialogue that contains a childish "yes he is - no no". The scene of fighting and reconciliation with the two sisters is not entirely without dialogue - which gives a great, highly imaginative and unrealistic industrial impression and greatly reduces its impact. The road to women finally - finally! - The treatment of her husband's adultery in one line of dialogue must be seen as believing - which at the same time is totally unbelievable. The husband does not seem to have any noticeable reaction or if he has any reaction, it does not appear. The woman does not remember the adultery of her husband. The scene that shows the woman, the husband and her little son sleeping on a plane seen by the sister may be a happy ending, but the way in which people have addressed their lives in the past has made this unlikely. <br /> <br /> Because of its slow pace, its interesting storyline, its incomplete orientation, and its absurd loss of dialogue, this film has found an example of everything that could be a mistake in the movie House of Art and a complete sense of time.
