Slither is a horror comedy that does not have enough horror or comedy to qualify as one or the other. It has one very good scene, no number of zinger who succeed at work, but very few real concerns and not enough humor to keep the movie. In addition, the script does not focus on hero and heroine, and explodes dramatically in several places. <br /> <br /> One of the most important failures in this film is that he presents and leaves his hero (Fillion) to follow Grant Grant (Michael Rucker) when he first made and then becomes a monster. This whole length of the film goes on - the character of Michael Rucker is not as interesting to us as a person, watching it as he follows a series of suggestions while acting in the interest of the beast might be fun if this is Grant - a personal picture of a man turned into a monster instead of a horror film comic. In the final analysis, the problems lie in this film scenario - it is not important to the audience how the monster behaves or spreads. The purpose of horror comedy is to get a backup of the heroes in the corner with guns and then throw bugs at them, cracking them with each time something scary or disgusting happens. Instead, we get to explore the habits and tactics of the alien that make this part of the film just pull. The alleged heroine (Elizabeth Banks in the role of Starla Grant) is more important in this part, but I felt that the film had left its storyline, unless it planned to pursue Grant all the way to the end. <br /> <br /> When Fillion faces and finally forms the alien, the film begins to cook, but again, the problem lies in the scenario. Through this point the public knows - and the characters must know - that Grant is not only suffering from a disease, and acting accordingly (spray guns) - instead, constantly communicating in the face of mounting evidence that this is not something "Let us know" Although their reactions may have been humane and real, they were characters in Action and simply had to do what the film promised - Muslim action - the lack of motion pictures in a film with few ideas such a failure is great. <br /> <br /> *** SPOILERS AHEAD *** After the first confrontation and the explosion of the bag of larvae alien (minor) personality and perhaps f For the scene in the film) The script again cheats the film At this point, almost one character is captured by the alien and develops an insight into the foreigner The writer-director (Gunn) chooses as a completely new character instead of one of the secondary characters already developed Why do I need to present a completely new character for more than an hour in a film that becomes central to the plot? By the time this character is attacked, we do not know anything about her and we can take great care of her, even though she is a teenager in her bathroom . If Gunn decided not to use this character and only use a fixed secondary character, he would have avoided offering her entire family, saving time and money. Moreover, the hero and the heroine were full of foreigners' plans without all the additional characters, and they could have traveled abroad more quickly and with greater force. <br /> <br /> My last criticism is based on the film's look. Gan was a writer in the first place, or perhaps a budget constraint, but this film looked ugly and uninteresting. Most actions are done at night in the woods or in the field, and the screen looks simply dim. Groups in Wheelsy (the fictional city where work happens) look cheap. The whole movie looks cheap. Box Mojo reported that the film budget was $ 15 million and the newspapers say $ 29 million, given that they did not use any talent name, I would say that money did not appear on the screen. The monster is disgusting and seldom looks deadly. <br /> <br /> The latter criticism is mainly based on the actual behavior of the character. By the time Fillion and Co began looking for Grant / Foreigner, one woman disappeared and Grant is known to have mutilated the animals. At this point, I expected the FBI or state police to appear at least and take over from Sharif. A woman disappeared and was likely to have been killed, and a local was acting psychologically. Time to contact authorities. But I was hoping this would happen because I just wanted some characters to appear and ACT. <br /> <br /> Although this film is a seemingly terrifying comedy, the film that bears the most resemblance is Dreamcatcher in the conditions of the brutal invasion, the type of monster and its intentions. While Dreamcatcher faced much greater problems with the story (especially Morgan Freeman's entire sub-plot), especially the ending, it was much stronger in many ways, primarily because the main characters were stronger, but more importantly, they looked beautiful. Although this may be a curse - preferring a film that is weaker in general conspiracy and structural backbone due to production values ​​- it only shows you how you found interest in watching Slither.
