This film amazes me. It may be just that I'm a stupid American, but I really do not get 400 hits. All I read about this film was just a complete delirium, but I could not stay interested. I'm sure they were revolutionary in filmmaking as all critics say, but when it comes down to it, they are really boring. This may be the language barrier. I may not be "sensitive" or "technical" enough, but regardless of the situation, I hated this film. The story itself is not bad. This is about a young French boy whose parents and teachers treat him unjustly and eventually ends up in a juvenile facility. This in itself must be interesting, and was, at first. There was no error in the dialogue, but again it is hard to say because half of the conversations were not translated for no apparent reason, so I did not always know what was going on. But for the dialogue that we can understand, it has been logical enough. The actors were reasonable enough, but it's hard to say what a real person would do in these situations. If you feel the main character, but in the sense that when faced with a problem, you suck well. The plot is not even your model plot. Every time he faces a problem, he faces a bigger problem than the last time, but the reasons are never very different. Through the entire film you realize that there is nothing the main character can do about it. It's like just waiting to see how it ends. The end, by the way, was just above my head. It's a very good way for me, and I did not understand it. It was easy to get to the end easily enough. There was definitely a structure and it made sense as well, but everything was already drawn. As for the size of the dialogue and the important moments, the film could have been shorter than an hour. It's just not finished. Part of it was unnecessarily long shots, which were particularly memorable; for example, the end was a cut of the main character that was going on a rustic road that lasted for thirty seconds good. Now, I'm sure there's a deeper meaning in it somewhere, but for the average viewer, you'd better get more food during that time. Or at least I did something more useful than sitting and watching this boy running around, like doing laundry or taking a nap. <br /> <br /> Final Judgment <br /> <br /> It was a feeling throughout the entire film that this might be very impressive and amazing and that it would teach me a wonderful lesson in life, if I could get what the director was trying to tell him? Unique decisions. As it was, I felt cheated for two hours in my life.
