This film, dubbed "Four Hundred Hits" is a wrong translation. Faire les 400 coups means "living a wild life". As a Frenchman, I am amazed when I see the popularity of this good, but by no means a wonderful film. (1958) and Claude Chabrol (le beau serge) (1958), the first film of "vaguely ambiguous"; the film "la pointe courte" by Ignace Varda (1956) , "Les 400 coups" comes after. 2. The "new ambiguity" was sometimes difficult and difficult for their predecessors: overnight, Julian Duvier, Henry George Clausot, Claude Ottant-Lara, Yves Yves Alegret, and many others were doomed to forget. "mysterious nouvelle". You did not hear (or read) the great generation of the 1930s (Renoir, Carney, Grimelon, Dufier already, Vedere) laugh, for example, Maurice Turner or Max Linder. So, thanks to Truffaut and co. Some people will never discover some gems in the 1950s or 1940s ("sous le ciel de Paris", "douce" for Autant-Lara, Yves Allégret's "une si jolie petite plage" and "manèges"). He went so far as to say that William Wheeler, George Stevens and Fred Zeineman were worthless! 3. "Les 400 coups" is technically somewhat disappointing: it's very academic, the story is as linear as possible, the cartoonists teach, and the mother Claire Morrier offers memorable lines like (must be French) around 1960 to understand how ridiculous it is) : Well, your father did not get a diploma (junior high school diploma), and for me, I only have a high school diploma! 1960, barely 10% of students had HSD in France! Antoine Duenel should have been proud of his mother. She wanted him to get a certificate. Who could blame her? 4. Compared to the innovations of Hiroshima mon amour, which features a brand new model and new "fragmented" content, "les 400 coups" are of great importance. Truffaut will master a new form only with the very superior Jules and Jim, "with the unmatched help of Jean-Morro 5. The interpretation is somewhat harsh; Jean-Pierre Laud, who can be said to be heard when spoken in English, is fit, ("Poil de carotte" by Julien Duvier and Louis Bonwell "Los Olividados"). Maurice Beate, "Nonvance Nouisse", Kenneth Loach, "Kiss ") Does not want to get rid of Truffaut, his film is not bad, but frankly, French film buffs prefer" Jules and Jim "" l'enfant sauvage " Real and do not tolerate commercial error) "l'argent de poche" (as an academic as "400 coup" but more funny) or nice pastiche Hitchcock his "vivement dimanche". <br /> <br />
