From Frank Zaba's axiom, "The musical press is someone who can not write interviews with people who can not talk about people who can not read." If you need proof that musicians can not talk, this is the right movie for you. The repeated attempts to deepen themselves are stymied, ending up with monochromatic comments that were cast with troubled voices: "Wow". (Thank you, Idris Mohamed). This film is spoiled, but despite the many erotic stories of Yeosu Nador and his gang of rogue men (and one symbolic woman), music saves the day. <br /> <br /> The main idea behind the film (what I consider the main idea, separate from inactive commentary) is an interesting one. To collect a group of musicians from America and Europe and take them on a journey through different styles of music that originated inside and outside slavery, back to their roots in West African music, and a concert at the ancient slave fortress of Goree off the coast of Senegal. We dealt with the Gospel, Blues, Jazz and various forms, including some wonderful drums in New Orleans and Senegal. There is also a great deal of N'Dour's compositions. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this is another weakness. It is not entirely clear what he wants to do. To a certain extent, the film seems to be an exercise in self-promotion by Nador. He wants to play his own music, jazz to a certain extent and led with a group of musicians he likes. It is obviously a little awkward of this, and early in the film gets the blessings of the Goretor Museum. "<br /> <br /> The clash between different agendas appears in several other places, for example, it is clear that someone felt that it was impossible to tell the story of black music without involving the Gospel choir, but Nadoor and most of his companions were Muslims The entire early sequence of black Christians is uncomfortable and then disappears from the story until the group of close harmony (the only black Christians able to tune in) appears in Dakar at the end of the film. (To be fair, they appear victorious and perform the best piece in the film. ) If the story of black music needs a nod in the direction of the Gospel, why not in the direction of a mother Where are the black musical influences from the Caribbean and Brazil? Samba? Reggae? And then there is Europe, and here it seems that black expatriates did not produce any musicians of caliber, because N'Dour chose to play in Austrian guitar and trumpet player from Luxembourg. But what I personally found the most outrageous was the long sequence that tried to re-establish a black power / black nation / Islam culture in the 1960s in the home of Amir Barka in New York (like Leroy) Jones). Hear people talking about the importance of "knowing your history", then at the same time perpetuating ignorance. Why do many Afro-Americans think that taking an Arabic name is an affirmation of their African roots? Why do they believe that Arab Islam is more impressive than European Christianity? Who think the African slave trade is founded in the first place? The film has little to say about the situation in West Africa today, beyond the position that "current conditions" are the result of the brightest and best shipped in 300 years. The Senegalese seem to be poor, but happy and talented, friendly, welcoming and respectful of the elderly (not above visiting Americans in the fish market). Is this stereotype of the ethnic or just fantastic? There is no comment on the armed guard that Nadoor and the camera crew seem to need in the opening sequence as they walk the streets of Dakar. <br /> <br /> There is also a strong influence in the film The Slaves who were taken from Dakar came from Dakar. The similarity between folk drums in New Orleans and popular folk drums in Senegal is noted. Last heard by the slaves before they were shipped away is their home drum, goodbye. Except, of course, to a large extent, the slaves who were shipped from Dakar did not come from Dakar. Were captured or trafficked from within by the coastal Senegalese and sold to traders of whatever European power currently exists in Gori Castle. The people of Dakar are not descendants of Africans who fled the slave trade, but they are probably possible ?? More impressive ?? To be descended from the people who sold their black brothers to slavery and exile. <br /> <br /> A tabular conflict again in the final part of the film. There are two separate ends. On the one hand, the concert performed by Ndour & Co. was trained and prepared along the way in the courtyard of the slave fortress of Gore. The other party comes when Harmony's Harmony sings "Back to Glory", at the sea entrance of the Slave Fortress. This is very impressive, even if it is hard to believe that performance is as automatic as it sounds. <br /> <br /> This is a flawed film. It is not clear to the story that they are trying to be narrated and trafficked in different directions. Anger, confusing, beautiful and emotional turns. Watch it (listen to) music and feeling, but do not expect enlightenment or intellectual rigor.
