I loved "Frankenstein's curse" so much so that I rushed to get "Frankenstein must be destroyed" to see Cushing in it again ... even if it was without Chistopher Lee this time. To my great disappointment, this film is not without me only, but completely devoid of Frankenstein! Was it a case of "if we could not get me, we would not have a monster at all"? Why do they do that? Monster is half of everything fun !! This film is dedicated only to the study of Baron Frankenstein and his efforts to end the experiments he began in brain transplantation before he ended up in asylum. I found the text very weak, with the suspension of kufr imposed on the public very much. I'm willing to hang up a good amount, but this film has become somewhat ridiculous, which took me out of the film rather than immersed in it. <br /> <br /> Although Peter Cushing is very cool in playing pure evil in this film. Being one of the most beloved actors and well-known men, he can certainly play a very good threat. The cast is competent, but has little to do, so the young doctor and his fiancee took a helping hand at Frankenstein. The stammering police chief, along with his laughter, is offered to relieve some comic, then the film is completely dropped! why? We have been told to believe that the police chief will be the most prominent in the Baron, so we think he will be the young doctor, and then end up being the victim of the Frankenstein brain transplant. There was no tension, we did not invest in the "creature", leaving the end so vague that one of them was not satisfied because it was obviously creating another supplement. <br /> <br /> Also, there are almost no "horror" elements. Yes, there is a head cut at the beginning (outside the camera), and we dealt with the Cushing sounds that cut off the skulls of two men (again, outside the camera) and there is the most disturbing and totally unnecessary rape scene. (90% of them, again, outside the camera). I understand that there is a love to "let the audience imagine everything, because their imagination is much worse than we can show it." But come on, if you do not give us a beast, at least allow us to see the few "horrible" elements you choose to include. The display of a skeleton in the laboratory is illuminated by a green light that is not frightening. <br /> <br /> On top of a weak text, I thought the directive was mostly flat. There were a few nice shots, but otherwise no excitement, atmosphere or suspense was generated. The director himself returned a "curse" in 1958 and I thought he was directed brilliantly ... I think he was not as inspired by this film as I was. <br /> <br /> The film gets 4 out of 10 of me severely to perform Peter Cushing's strong and delicate ... Then, found a little in this movie worth recommending. Instead, my suggestion is to watch "Frankenstein's Curse" and watch Hummer's horror movie really cool.
