Even by 1942, HER CARDBOARD LOVER's filmmaking standards were extremely dated. The machinations of half a husband (husband / wife, former spouse / former spouse) to restore the other to the threat of marrying another person, divorce, or eventual separation through jealousy or humiliation or otherwise The schemes were better executed in classics such as HIS GIRL Friday and THE PHILADELPHIA STORY. Both of these films are distinguished by women who have a strong and invincible presence on the screen and played independent figures for women's rights. In both films, both women were divorced / divorced from their first (prominent) husbands and appointed to marry colorless men who were completely opposite, both of whom would soon reject their husband's husband and rekindle their passion for each other. <br /> <br /> The plot at HER CARDBOARD LOVER has turned into sex: here, Norma Shearer's role as Carrie Grant, this time, to stave off her ex-boyfriend George Sanders by hiring Robert Taylor to form her giggle. The problem is that Shearer is too big to play a more appropriate role for the actress in her mid-20s. Sanders is involved as a piece of furniture for the most - anyone who will be in love with his fiancé, when seeing a strange man coming out of her bathroom as it is here, expels the lights from him and causes a huge scene. not here. Robert Taylor plays his role as if he were trying to direct Cary Grant for half the time, not in speech, but in substance in general. <br /> <br /> But the worst part is Shearer herself. For the actress who used the parts that gave her a sense of intellectual sex and dramatic presence, Consuelo Kreidon's play seemed to be in the throes of over-representation, over-emotion, and over-gestures that, though still part of her style of acting and more relevant ten years ago , Making it look like a very moving performance that comes out of jokes like water from a fairly dry sponge. It fuels only the fires that tell the theory that Irving Thalberg gives her career maker and selects her roles (mostly); why she has succeeded in roles like Charlotte Valley and Ms. Menver in the now huge Voyager and MRS visits. MINIVER is a mystery, but again, most novels also remember that by this time she had just been burned out of acting and that she had lost interest in the whole thing, and it was no secret that anyone who had suffered from this kind of thing had lost focus and could not wait Until the retirement date or the end of the contract approaches as soon as possible. This can be the case here. She seems lost, looks tired, looks sick, passes an automatic pilot instead of living the part. After this film, she is no longer doing anything else, but will be responsible for the discovery of Janet Lee, who will enter her role as a film star in the late 1940s and '60s.
