I could not understand this movie much of the time and could not anyone else, based on other ratings. The opening scene of this film has nothing to do with the rest of the story. In it, the press photographer with a big drinker cancels his vacation to get away from his girlfriend. He was assigned to filming a mountain range. Rumored to be haunted, but I could not tell if he had heard it from the boss or later in the film. On his way, he meets a beautiful writer (Patty Sheppard) and persuades her to join him on a business trip. Throughout the film, there is an awesome musical score, consisting mostly of loud singing that makes you want to shout "SHUT UP ALREADY !!!" What really bothers you is that the movie always seems like it's about to become good, although it never happened. There is a beautiful mountain scenery and some really creepy atmosphere. The Inn and the old abandoned buildings on the mountain are somewhat ominous. The blurry nights seem real, not like someone putting an industrial fog machine on the group. The idea, though not original, had potential. But they never improve, at least not enough to be worthwhile. Here's how things go, more or less. They stop at this hostel run by a strange Innkeeper (expecting him to be named Igor) with a hearing problem. There is a scene in which the writer thinks Tom is peeping in her window, but the scene is very dark, and I had no idea what was going on. Whether this bad lighting or poor film transfer is unknown to me. In any case, we never know what happened. There is a scene you walk around at night. Whether she is asleep or fascinated by witches of the title is never explained. Another scene never explained at all is when they steal their car, then find it again, and steal nothing from it. They end up in this seemingly deserted mountain village, and its only inhabitants are this seemingly gentle old woman. There are other things, including a wild man chained in a cave that has never been explained, an attempt to sacrifice the writer in one way or another (will they kill or brainwash them to join them?), The magicians themselves, and a group of brown women with white robes that do not appear until the last 15 minutes Of the film and whose practices and beliefs have never been explained. Even the final scene is meaningless. When everything is said and done, most people will say, "huh?"
