The words of this film are very difficult to follow, and as it is very frustrating to sit on it put it very lightly. Also to say that the currently available printing is dark, bleak, narcotic, highly edited, painfully dubbed, apparently censored and almost in non-interchangeable form. This film is in dire need of a good rephrase of the complete negative, uncut, and see how the atmosphere is reasonable (the filmmaker won an award at the Catalonia Film Festival), may actually be worth it. Then again, maybe not ... impossible to determine his current film type. It starts rather interestingly, if you can discount the completely meaningless opening sequence, which includes a naughty little girl who kills cats and loves snakes called Gerda. The mother of the girls, Carla (Monica Randall, who had to lay off the kohl a little), sprinkle some gasoline around in the garage and burn the naughty. Looks like crazy like little Gerda, you go to visit her estranged photographer (former?) Mario ("John" / Jehangir Cavari). He is on vacation from work, but he is so desperate to get away from Carla that he asks employers to appoint him on a mission ... any mission. "You'll be sorry!" He goes out the door. Well, Mario was set to photograph the "Witches Mountain" (somewhere in the Pyrenees, I think). Before arriving at his destination, Hottie watches the beach named Delia (Patty Sheppard) and takes some pictures of her taking off a bikini top. She claims to be just a little straw, she is a single writer, and spinners then decide it would be a swollen idea if they went on a trip up the mountain together. When they stop at their place so they can pack their bags, Mario suddenly hears loud, sinister music. Delia claims he only hears things. <br /> <br /> So, the two start their journey up the mountain, stopping at a local inn for the night. There they face a strangely steadfast, partially deaf, madman (Victor Israel) and Delia claims that there was someone who was spying here through her window. The next day, under some coma, wandered out of the mountain and finally settled by Mario, who jumped out of his pocket and ran behind. As he discovers what is going on, someone steals his wheels and has to walk on a piece, and in the end finds the pocket untouched at the foot of a small old village that looks deserted ... as if someone was trying to lure him there. Well, as we'll see, that's exactly what happened. In the village, they encountered an old, affectionate woman named Zanta (Anna Fara) claiming to be the only person still living there and allowed to stay in her house. Mario takes some pictures of the "abandoned" city and when he develops it, they are frighteningly full of people. A little creepy, he and Delia began to leave and get involved in the "treacherous" fog and they had to pull out and camping at night. The rest of the film is related to the voodoo, black cats turning into sexy women, devilish rituals performed by women in their chests and a deadly fall off a cliff. And yes, it turns out that Carla's separate wife is also one of the witches. All this happens in the near darkness and to be completely honest, I did not know what the hell was going on most of the time. The inconclusive "open" end is just another slap in the face of anyone who has to suffer through the rest of this senseless mess. <br /> <br /> Honestly, there are only some things that stand out for me being really good. The first is actress Sheppard, who enjoys the mysterious beauty of Barbara Steel. There is also an excellent musical score (attributed to Fernando Garcia Morcello) and the frequency of the songs, which helped to make this film very atmospheric as it is. The work on the site is fairly decent, but as I said, the printing is ugly as it should be and it does not make sense, so proceed with caution in this matter.
