In Europe, known as the dare to win. In America, it is known as the "final option", but under any title this flick the SAS procedure asks the public to put the disbelief on one side for about two hours. I find it very difficult to understand how Lewis Collins (the hero here) was chosen almost as a successor to Roger Moore in Bond films .... This man is tirelessly struggling to get a job in a museum of wax works (as a waxwork !!!) Fortunately, Judy Davis is willing to partly redeem this issue through the performance of my skin as a militant lady terrorist, and there is a ten-minute orchestration sequence run efficiently by director Ian Sharp. Let's add that it is a very long wait for these closing excitement to get around, and I can not honestly say that waiting for almost two hours for a little decent work is worth the effort. <br /> <br /> SAS's Peter Skelen (Louis Collins) is secretly traveling among a group of peace protesters who want to see the end of the build-up of nuclear weapons. Meets their leader Frankie (Judy Davis), a strong-spoken and opinionated woman who may be able to take extraordinary measures to achieve her goals. Frankie's dedicated handful imposed a heavy siege on the US Embassy in London, demanding a nuclear missile on a naval base in Scotland (which believes that when the world experiences a real nuclear explosion, everyone will be horrified to join a disarmament campaign). Unfortunately for Frankie, she makes a mistake in taking Skelen in her small embassy raid, and plans to thwart their plan from within with timely help from his SAS colleagues. <br /> <br /> The film is inspired - quite obviously - by the massive SAS attack on the Iranian Embassy in 1981. Someone thought this event on the news that it was good to put a movie along similar lines. Unfortunately, the film is somewhat unusual, with a lot of stupid dialogue and a lot of awkwardly embarrassing scenes (the bishop's discussion of a riot, anyone?) Frankie's idea of ​​peace by inciting a nuclear explosion is ridiculous on Anyway, until you become a laughable character only when the audience is about to see it as an interesting villain. Dares Wins is trying to celebrate the military legend of SAS, but at the same time he indulges in sleazy clichés and unplanned planning. The result is a well intentioned but ineffective slice of the child's own absurdity.
