Therefore, this film was praised and glorified and carried at incredible heights. But in the end what really is? Many of the ways you work with the hearing audience do not work on the screen. The work of the academic camera to a certain extent keeps the signature disoriented, and it is difficult to follow the scenes in the ASL as a result even for someone who is relatively fluent. The voice interpretation of Matlin's dialogue, under the pretext that Hurt's character "loves the voice of his voice", turns it more and more into a strange distant object as the film continues. Mattlin shines in the few scenes where her signature is not partially hidden from view. But nevertheless, most of the film, when this is a love story, is displayed only from one point of view, the man's point of view. As Ebert said, "If the story is about a two-man battle on a common ground that will continue on its basis, it is not fair to make the entire film according to one of them only." <br /> <br /> The idea that an oral teacher who uses the methods imposed in many deaf schools for decades will be presented as "revolutionary" is an insult in itself. His character becomes weak as a trusted teacher with the continuation of the film. The comedy sketch of the deaf dialect is, quite frankly, fairly low. His attitude towards male students in his class of symptoms is largely how he behaves with women: as a qualified man. A scene of a crowd of deaf people, including some academics who come together makes him seem isolated, in a way that is somewhat inconsistent with his credentials: I saw that interpreters automatically switched to each other even when they were not aware of a deaf person being in the area , Yet somehow feels like a fish out of the water in an environment that was supposed to make his education quite familiar. As a lover, he seems to be a nice gentleman, including his inclination to act with possession afterwards. However, the film, in fact, can only be seen through it, where everything his lover says is filtered through his voice. <br /> <br /> Scenes with other deaf children are generally wall guards. The broken symbolism, the dance scene, the pond scene, even the first sleep scene supposed to carry some of it - all these scenes that try to hint at isolating the main character of the deaf are broken metaphors, at best: many hear the people I know, dance on the bass (Rather than pressure such as collecting chihuahuas), going to evening diving for a hearing person is rarely a justification for making a deep statement about the isolation of deafness (no, seriously, when I go swimming, go swimming) ... <br /> <br> /> He also fails to bear the end of the play, but makes it the story of a deaf woman made to a strong man. Although the original play ended in a more egalitarian land, where they must accept each other as they are, and where they finally have to recognize their real voice is the movement of their hands, not the vibrations in their throat. <br /> <br /> Despite all the progress made, Marley Matlin is still a deaf woman in Hollywood to this day.
