There is something in most of us, especially men, who admire the populist atmosphere of "real men" of the real working class. The Sean Penn presents us with cherries on top. Hi, Many people use Penn as a political boy, but I do not make movies or a representative / director based on politics or personality. That's what right-wing commentators like Debbie Schlossel do. While acknowledging that he is one of our best actors and a good director, I think this picture was a simplified piece of aimless arrogance that you have been fighting ever since. <br /> <br /> Well, you have the essence of this, there's a good cop, a soldier from a small town, Joe, playing against him by a kind of David Morse, who stalks someone on a farmhouse road in the 1960s. The bad guy stops, goes out, and shoots him so Joe has to kill him. There was no explanation as to what prompted the man to carry out such violent violence and the parents of the dead man were somewhat sorry at the police station while Joe felt the real sadness and guilt that he had to kill someone. So we know that Joe, who forced the farmer to leave his land to a police job, is a good basic type of men. Then his brother Frank, a sadistic, immoral bully, emerges from the army and sleeps where his blood war arose. Some people here and in other reviews have described it as an irresponsible hell that nurtures the younger brother. Sean was trying to explain a little about what John Wayne's hard-line culture and war with good people were doing, but what I saw was an immoral and poetic development. Enjoy hurting and tearing people. Then there are Mom and Dad, Marcha Mason and Charles Brunson, who do their part as an old-fashioned couple, then die; it's because of illness and he's a gun bomber, to drive the story for us. In both cases Frank bad guy is away SOB miserable. But Good Joe brings him back to Bodonxville Prison from prison so that Frank can straighten his life by welding bridges and living with his pregnant wife angry and screaming. But Jo has a beautiful wife, played by Italian actress Valeria Giulina, a Mexican and Shawn use this as an exercise in some positive decorations of Judy Joe and his true spirit under his uniform and the crew section. To me, it was a sub-plot of positive and useless actions Sean uses to break his hard-legged assets by sucking into Mexicans because Mexicans are cruel and typhoon. <br /> <br /> But Frank is bad and we get the desired events such as stealing a friend's car, stealing a gas station by hitting the writer over the head, then burning the car and all those wonderful things being done by the Breeder of Hell. Then there are the memories of a muted childhood in the 8mm film that Joey is forced to wear. He moves the chic of cannabis and Frankie-clad cowboys jumping on his back and wrestling with him and Yada until we all know what the deep ties are between the two. <br /> <br /> So the movie lurches around him with a lot of small town to warm the heart of any red. The film was accompanied by a great soundtrack to the good 1960s songs such as Jefferson Airplane and Janis Joplin, which were quite inappropriate, except for the influence of the 1960s, to win the hearts of old hippies. The worst thing is that since the film was inspired by Springsteen's song, "The Highway Patrolman", that song was not included. <br /> <br /> Joe's brain-dead wife goes to labor, Joe escapes to the bar to get pregnant and the populist talk of a drunk about how hard things are while Joey comes well to bring him back to his wife. The waiter is a good ole Caesar, played by Dennis Hopper. So Viggo-Frank goes out without a specific reason and hits Caesar Caesar to death after the good cop's policeman leaves. <br /> <br /> Joe has been chasing his bad brother and I hope he's doing the right thing and blowing that danger on society far away. Instead, we get a scene where his brother stops in front of him in a 50-year-old dance game on a lonely road at night, and comes out a little Frankie wearing a cowboy suit and cannon cover from the car to face a good atmosphere, . Hey this Drake! Then to overcome the gentle sap festival, there are some zen nonsense about Indian runner, who is the messenger, becomes the letter, Marshall Marshall McLaughn? See what I mean, Sean has done better than this, so do not be afraid to miss this.
