If my memory is correct, when this film is released, a comedy will appear - a funny look at the entertainment industry for adults. If this is what it is supposed to be, it does not really work. It's not just funny. Aside from my personal knowledge of the subject, I will avoid commenting on the authenticity of the story - which deals with what is going on behind the scenes in the Toronto massage parlor, except to say - if this is true - life is very boring . <br /> <br /> For over an hour, this movie does not really give us much of anything except some basic information for key characters. Conrad is the newly appointed director of a massage salon whose primary function appears to be to ensure that girls do not give "full service" - an expression of actual sex. For the girls themselves, Betty's goal is to buy her own salon so she can run her own business, Cindy is an illegal immigrant to Canada working to support her family in her home and Leah - well, somewhat strange Lea, an undefined character with a nipple nipple - Who seems to be at work because - well, it's in it! I have no idea about her personality. These three persons may be fairly reasonable characters who accurately represent the motives of women involved in this work. <br /> <br /> The film lags and does little to reveal Conrad's "evolution" from being a bad person. We must have reached this point sooner. The only really interesting thing here is that part of the story - Conrad's secret plan and the retaliation directed at him by the girls. This revenge plan was very good, and you are grateful when you go out because you are basically wondering why you are wasting your time in this. If the story was more focused on revenge, it might actually be a rather funny film. <br /> <br /> All four offers were good, although I did not think anyone came across it as fantastic. The four letters were a little shallow. Cindy was a sympathetic figure, as was Conrad for a while, although he turned out to be the bad guy in the film. Given the subject, there is surprisingly little nudity (and what is restricted by one scene). In fact, there is even a certain atmosphere of innocence about a lot of this. For the overall quality of the film, it's a low-budget effort, which shows, although you expect some lights, for a film that has been set in the context of my body rubbing salon, so it can be forgiven. He is certainly saying something, but it has been released for 8 years now, and the only reason for the resume of writer / director Su Liu and - due to the natural lack of depth in the Canadian film industry - was not worth the nomination for any Genie Awards Canadian Academy Awards. 4/10 - I am a little gracious though.
