Warning: This review contains two spoilers. Do not read whether you do not want to reveal some points to you before watching the movie. <br /> <br /> With representatives like this, she wonders whether the actors and the actress know exactly what they were entering. . Did they see the text and say, "Hey, the confrontations of the third type have been so successful that this can not fail." Unfortunately, no. Have they even thought about checking the director's credentials? I mean, will you make a movie with a director of a movie called "Devil's Heads"? Garridon Clarke, who would later continue to guide the infamous "final justice", made this. It makes you wonder how the Mystery Science Theater 3000 can reach "final justice" and miss the movie "The Return". <br /> <br /> The film is located in a small town in New Mexico. A young boy and girl in the street are unattended one night when a powerful flashlight boat appears hovering overhead. In the worst series of special effects of the film, the ship delivers a red ink on it. It seems that Clark was carrying a glass of water from the camera lens and dipping his pencil into it, so the cheese is dealt with immediately. Anyway, the ship leaves and the adults do not believe the children. Elsewhere, we see Vincent Schiavelli, whom I find a wonderful actor (seen in the movie "The Ghosts" to prove it, since he is wonderful), playing the role of the prospector, or as I called him, Munir 1949er. He steps out of the cave where he is, and he and his dog are told by the ship. Twenty-five years passed, and the girl grew up to become Cybill Shepherd, who worked with her father, Raymond Bauer, in studying unusual weather phenomena. Or something like that. She has seen some strange phenomena in satellite images over the small city of New Mexico, and she travels there to search for them. Once there, she is harassed by local livestock breeders, blaming her for the large number of livestock malformations that have been going on, and Jean-Michel Vincent is coming to save her. From this point on, the film really goes on as the two fall quickly to each other, especially after Vincent stopped the locals and Shepard was the little boy who saw the ship with her 20 years ago. As this tedious chaos occurs, Vincent Chiavelli, with his killer dog next to him, walks around killing cattle and anyone running with him in an unusual piece. Do you know that the stores of incandescent plastic sticks sell for cheating or clowns on Halloween, the kind that shakes to make it glow? Xiaveli uses what seems like one of those sticks to irrigate the cracks in people. It is the second worst impact in the film. Every time Schiavelli is shown on the screen with the glow stick, the atmosphere of the scene suddenly turns to darkness, as filmmakers thought the glow stick needed to be strengthened. It ends up making the movie seem cheaper than it is. <br /> <br /> And what does all this lead to? It is difficult to tell when the last scene arrives. See, Bauer and his team of scientists are trying to explain satellite images that Shepherd found as a kind of "calling card", but none of them are logical. Why not Shepard and Vincent are old and not Shiaafile? Chiavelli explains why he killed cattle and people and why he wants Sheppard's death, but even that does not make sense when you think about it. I mean, why not kill Jean-Michel Vincent? After all, he had twenty-five years to do it. The foreigners would not need him if Sheppard died anyway, so why did he try to kill her? When talking about foreigners, it is not always clear what they really want from Shepard and Vincent. What is their goal? Why are they waiting so long to intervene? How can they be sure that Shepard will return? It does not mean that answering any of these questions and other questions would make "return" more fun. You still have bad lines, misbehavior, especially by Shepard, cheesy effects, and bad direction. Fortunately, the stars escaped from this film. Cybill Shepherd soon starred in "Moonlighting" with Bruce Willis. Jean-Michael Vincent continued to appear in dozens of B films, often in the upper parts. Raymond Pour made a pile of Perry Mason TV movies until his death. Vincent Chiavelli has become a great actor in a large number of films. Martin Landau, who acted as kooky law enforcement officer, quickly made a film "Alone in the Dark" and "Terrible" before entering into his most recent films. You can not bet on the return of any of these stars to return to "The Return". Zantara result: 2 out of 10.
