I am a big fan of Lucio Fulci; many of his favorite films are Giallo's and my favorite machine of all time, but this film for television films is unparalleled, not what I expect from the great Italian director. The film is not as interesting, like some of the most popular Fulci movies for Giallo, or like most of his classic habits; thus leaving them lacking both major areas, and ultimately ensuring that the film is not good. The film works from a plot that has been used many times before, but is still an idea that always has the opportunity to present an interesting story simply because it focuses on the theme of the afterlife, the ultimate unknown. This film focuses on Giorgio Menardi. A man is not completely loved, and after his death from a severe stomach bleeding, there are not many people who feel sad to see him go. This means that his ghost is trapped somewhere between life and the Hereafter, so he decides to try to reach the bottom of his death, and his only ally in this endeavor is his daughter. <br /> <br /> Video I watched this movie proudly announcing that the movie "Like HP Lovecraft", one of the most blatant attempts to sell a movie I've ever seen. There is nothing reminiscent of the great horror writer in this story, and why the appearance of this logo seems to be because of the similarity of the title with Stuart Gordon's film / Loew Craft, "Beyond" - which is much better. The film benefits from a distinct Italian style, and the result is fairly good. Unfortunately, however, Fulci saw it as appropriate that each scene be positive - and thus the subject becomes very annoying. The plot is presented in a really boring way, and most scenes simply imply that the "desperate" ghost is trying to discover things, or the daughter puts her doubts on her family members. This film was produced for Italian television, so it is not surprising that everything is a trance. There is little injustice and a nightmare sequence with the zombie. But these are not Fulci we all know and love. In general, this film is very average and not a good representation of the talents of Folsi. Not worth the trouble, unless you are fulsi complete.
