Now I myself am a fan of this kind of B movies but this piece of rubbish assures me endlessly. First of all, the film starred Lizzy McGuire's brother as the annoying little boy looking for his lost three-legged dog. Now please what kind of dumb stupid ass three-legged dog for crocodile God curse mutation please I ask you? Another point is to think, why Dinocroc appear on the back of the film box is enormous and actually in the water? I think if the memory serves the thing that spent about 2.6 minutes in the water and was six feet shy, it was a broken heart. But the replacement of the qualities of this film was so bad that I almost died laughing because I believe that bad behavior made me wish death. But the fact remains that this thing was created again by another military test site to train supercars for military combat or something like that from the source of all evil things E.V.I.L Corporation. Let's not forget the characters that let's see that we expose Number 1 as a male command and a decent chick in the middle of the way (do not know how to act) where the female leads to it and I say WOW! The only worse thing is that acting was finally the course of the heroes spending about two hours talking and planning for a long way to kill the dinocruc just for failing and killing it in a normal way it could take about 15 seconds to get out. All in this film was behind gay with opera music random in the background and the fact that it was probably the most monsters women made by CGI besides the fact that of course it was impervious to bullets and bombs (otherwise it would not have been made for DUH military!). By far, the best scene was when the brother Lizzy McGuire ran inside the hut, while eating dinocroc causing his head to explode with the noise that appeared on it. I think you'd be better off shooting between your eyes then watching Dinocroc. As for the director, I think we have to make a bunch of people hang him on the gallows and everyone turns on kicking in the crotch to spend an hour and a half of our lives until he finally dies and then I can continue living.
