"Plan B" is a strict fare except for one thing. Surprisingly I found it fairly insulting. <br /> <br /> John Creer is the "star" of this film and plays his usual amazing and selfish character that was already loved by "Pretty In Pink" and has not been amused ever since. Sarif does not even begin to describe his performance. Ricky (Mark Matisyen) is a muscular, blonde, struggling, (moments!) Actor concerned only about his hair and putting it in place. Talk about personal stock .... At least the other three characters are fairly attractive. Lisa Dar and Lance Geist play a firm, optimistic and caring couple struggling for pregnancy. Since they are not the queens of a small drama, however, their roles seem boring and are not given enough time for the screen. Sarah Mournell gathers actors by playing Gina, a nice and wonderful young woman who usually can not find the right partner in love. I saw this character a million times ago, but its performance at least overcomes some of the shortcomings of its predictability. <br /> <br /> What surprised me about this film was its promotion of the stereotypes of events. They gave a Russian character for the sole purpose of ridicule him and ridicule the way he spoke. He was portrayed as wild, ignorant and surprisingly slippery. They were just getting a high temperature despite the usual nonsense about gays. Jenna decided to be an exception for a while because she had no luck with the players. Quite frankly. It was not that bad except in fact when Gina had brought a lesbian for the Christmas party that her friends had thrown at her. She had a very short lesbian history (like I'm sure all lesbians do). I was very upset (like I'm sure all lesbians do) when Gina had the nerve to put lipstick (!). Finally, almost every woman in the party turns up and explodes when Gina expresses her disappointment. Of course, we all know how homosexuals can not remain loyal for a few hours less than months or even years, right? <br /> <br /> This film was based on a tired and predictable hypothesis to begin with, but the unwanted performance of Cryer is associated with the stupid stereotype that sinks this film into the depths of less cinema. 10/02
