Imagine that when James Bond's novel was adapted into a film, filmmakers spent all their actions and suspense to make it child-friendly. Or if TV producer Chris Rock tells him that he can not make it difficult for his PG to be rated. In the same way, the director of "Something Wicked This Way Comes" excites excitement and expression in favor of melodrama for younger audiences. This created a monotonous plot without book complications. In an attempt to make the story of "something evil in this way" easier for children to follow, the directors get rid of the subject of good and evil that exists in everyone, and good always prevails evil. This is evident in the transformation of Will's character, saving Charles Halloy to Jim, and defeating the Carnival. <br /> <br /> Whel turned into a more adventurous boy in the film. The scene where the dusty wizard visits Will's home in Balloon has been cut off from the film. Instead, the green fog follows Jim and Will home and gives them the same bad dream about the witch and its spiders. The balloon attack shows us that Will has begun to overcome his fear of doing things alone. He was on the roof of a neighbor and the balloon was torn by a bow, and the witch was defeated. "Sorry, Dad, he thought, and he sat smiling, this time he took it alone," he will decide as he prepares to confront her. (147.) Removing this scene from the film prevents us from understanding that Will will become more adventurous. The film shows us many examples of "Are I Afraid" of Jim's followers, but never grows like his friend. In the book, Will will have a good, quiet side and an evil side like Jim. In the film, each child has only one way of thinking, destroying Bradbury's idea of ​​both good and evil in everyone. <br /> <br /> In this book, Jim will be saved because of their friendship, but, in the film, Charles Halloy saves Jim to pay Jim's father. Jim will be drawn from Carousel in Bradbury's novel because he does not want to grow up with his best friend without him. He is the good in will, the fact that he cares for his friend, who saves Jim from the curse of evil in carnival. On the Carousel, Jim "gestures his other hand freely to walk on the wind, part of it, the small white discrete part that still remembers his friendship" (269.) This shows that there was a good left within C which has the ability to defeat evil. But when Charles Halloy saves Jim in the film, he does so to repay the debt owed to Jim's father, who saved Will when he was a young child. By changing the motivation to save Jim, the directors destroyed Bradbury's original idea that it was worth winning against evil. <br /> <br /> At the end of the film, the Carnival was defeated by a hurricane and a luster instead of smiling and laughing. When the book ends, Mr. Dark turns himself into a little boy and smiles Charles Halloy and laughs at him so much that he can not stand up and evaporate. In the Bradbury world, the bad guys feed fear and can only be defeated with happiness and love. His message is that good intentions always prevail evil, but only if this good is expressed out. "The good of evil seems evil," says Charles Halloy, carrying the Dark Lord. (275.) In the film, Mr. Dark is the only person left on the bar when lightning hits her, dies. By eliminating the weapon of laughter and smiles, directors point out that bad weather is the most effective way to defeat evil, as if lightning strikes only those who are bad. This takes the main theme of Bradbury's book, that doing "good" toward others prevents evil. <br /> <br /> Good may always triumph over evil, but trying to make films more child-friendly will always force filmmakers to leave some of the themes from the books on which they are based. In the film "Something Comes This Way Comes", "Will" Will not Turn, and Friendship Will not Save Jim, nor smile smiles and laughter at the Carnival. As a result, filmmakers have ruled out many of Bradbury's main points. Often the process of adapting a book is destroyed with the film The World Created by the Author. In the case of this story, Bradbury's frightening world of opposing forces of good and evil has become a simpler version of himself.
