Before I start, you have to know that I am a big fan of many of the movies of Chiba Chiba. His autobiography of the life of his master, Mas Wiyama, was amazing and among the best martial arts films ever produced, as were most of his movies about Street Fighter. The procedure was almost off, and except for Bruce Lee (as you ask), he was the greatest martial artist in the film during the 1970s. Since they are very good, I have watched at least 15 of his films and recently purchased some of the other films (which I am watching). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, despite my love for these movies, I'm not a coma of mind that adores man so much that I appreciate every movie 10. There are some reviews like this here on IMDb and I really think that anyone giving this movie 10 It must be ignored because this is such a bad film from a technical point of view and does not even come close to being the best Chiba business. Score 10 is not a real rating - it's some zombie fans trying to make a statement about Chiba, not this movie! As I said, technically this film is awful. Some of this was due to my view of the dubbed American version, with an irrelevant introduction and a bad dubbing. But most of the problem will still exist with the original Japanese version. The action of the camera is simply awful - just as it happened by chimpanzees (smart chimps, but chimpanzees). Many martial arts are often missed because the camera is too slow or the heads of the actors' heads are cut because of the softness of production. Again and again, the camera revolves inside and outside as if it were a new game used by an idiot in addition to that the editing process goes beyond the miserable - where the cuts are made at random and confusing. <br /> <br /> I do not know whether the music score is genuine or not - but it was also very bad. A kind of acid rock of 1970 blended badly with the music of Spaghetti Western by Inio Moricon - was disturbing, distracted and silent. <br /> <br /> As for martial arts, I think chimpanzees do, choreography would improve things a bit. Instead of the wonderful fighting scenes you are looking for in Chiba, the battles are very short and often miss the camera !! So what's left is the story ... this may be the worst part of the film! Supposed to be an anti-drug movie starring Sonny Chiba like .... Sonny Chiba! When the film begins, he pledges to destroy the drug trade in Japan. But the mafia (not a single member but Italy, but all of them) seems committed to stopping Chiba. When a woman comes to Chiba with promises to give him information on how to destroy the drug trade, he agrees to help her and risk his life unconditionally - even though she never talks about telling him what she knows! In fact, it later turned out that she was only trying to use Chiba to protect her while she herself was selling a huge bag full of cocaine - and still trying to protect it !! This makes no sense at all and in most parts of the film it seems as if they just filmed the movie without text - as when they went to bars and brothels and Chiba was walking around like a drunk. <br /> <br /> If it's bad, why not worth that figure 3? Well, first of all, there are many horror movies (like many Hong Kong movies in the 1970s) - including a movie with men in kung fu gorillas and their long-legged 3-foot tongues used in fighting (now that's bad ). Second, while the procedure is very bad compared to other Sonny Chiba movies, compared to its contemporaries, it is not so bad. However, you can easily do much better than this terrible little movie. <br /> <br /> By the way, if you wonder if this is the worst movie Sonny Chiba, it certainly is not! In one of his first films, The Neptune Man Invades, Chiba plays a great hero dressed in robes and battling the invading invaders of the planet Neptune. It is very bad that he is competing with Plan 9 of outer space and saved Hitler and Brian for atrocity. <br /> <br /> A final note for parents - like most of the movies by Chiba Chiba, this film is very violent and has its stupid share. Do not let young children watch this no matter how much begging! Make them wait until they grow up before you let them watch the miserable martial arts movies!
