The best you can say about this movie is that if you are a fan of Sonny Chiba, this movie gives you a lot of it. Chiba casts speeches. Chiba poses; ridicule Chiba. Chiba glows in the camera; Chiba punches and excels living sushi from a whole group of bad guys. Chiba sits on sofas and chairs and looks thoughtful / contemplated. Chiba drives his car ... <br /> <br /> I enjoy Chiba as an actor and martial artist ... but even for Chiba fans, this movie may have a lot of Sony Chiba. It is obviously something of a vanity car for him. And no, I will not put "Street Fighter" in the same category, because in "SF" plays mercilessly hostile and immoral and shares the camera with a wonderful group of friends and enemies. Here, he is in the foreground and in the middle almost all the time, trying to be Batman, Captain America and Bruce Lee rolling. Toshiro Mifune and Chow Yun Fat were unable to pull this movie for the duration of a full-length movie, and Sony is reluctant to welcome it. At least he could change his suit from time to time. <br /> <br /> The film is even more confused by an unwarranted introductory sequence and poor implementation (apparently directed at the film's introduction for the American version) and the cheers of Abla ("Viva !! Chiba !! Viva !! Chiba !!) that things start wrong. There is some surprisingly quiet and inappropriate dubbing - it seems that Sonny (or his usual English) can not be bothered to sing for the American version, so they got some poor drugs with a different voice and tone altogether. Is a very coming scream from the face we all know and love from the "Street Fighter". <br /> <br /> Even with all these flaws and excessive exposure, this may still be a classic one, but the camera works and scenes of cheese fighting hopelessly. I'm willing to believe that karate really works if an amazing person like Chiba is supposed to do it, but the director and the photographer have hedged their bets by cutting and editing scenes of fighting using the weeding tool so that they can not see what really happens most of the time. It's not bad: there are some decent shots and compositions, and there is at least an unforgettable moment and nightmare when the bad guys appear in the client's bedroom in a truly innovative way. <br /> <br /> As for the actual plot ... forget it. For the "bodyguard", Chiba's character is a bit stupid. The film's scenario is based on mistakes and observations that he repeatedly puts (and "his client") in precarious situations so that he can get out of it. After 30 minutes, the more honest referee tries to believe that this man is supposed to be good. (And also, if his personality had really crashed to destroy the Japanese drug trade, his client took her neck in 10 minutes of the script and shook it until her teeth spoke as though she had been infected until she captured her little secrets ... and much of the death and conflict could have been avoided.) /> <br /> However, as a whole this film is too far from the barrel bottom. Still Sonny Chiba, still a fun viewing. I paid a great deal to get this DVD shelf for the deal in a huge local market and I felt it was worth watching once.
