This is easily one of the worst martial arts movies I've ever seen, and that's something to say. Hear the cheers of Viva Chiba, Viva Chiba in the title, soon you will fool yourself stupid, stupid. The main story is that the mafia is smoking drugs to Japan and the letters of one man to prevent them, of course this is our man, Sony Chiba. The Karate Master serves anyone who can provide information about drug princes. A woman comes forward and becomes a personal guard, but what are her real intentions? Let me say at this stage who cares? Soon we are being treated or tortured through a series of poorly designed battles and a lame story becoming more and more laughable at every moment. Sony finally obliterates the bad guys with his karate skills, the end of the story. Oh yes the woman was also corrupt. Congratulations, you may have just watched the most extreme film ever. <br /> <br /> As mentioned earlier, this is one of the worst martial arts films I have ever seen. What makes him almost like to know how bad film production. Some have already mentioned the notorious American introduction that has been put into the film. Perhaps this is the most entertaining part of the film and is far from funny. I agree that it is worth watching just to see how the karate scene was in the seventies at the time. Watch as Aaron Banks leaves a man hanging next to his nut and then turns a fat student (freaking bad) into his throat. But everything is done badly in this film. Awesome awesome battles, fake I mean fake blood, bad deeds, dubbing, wardrobe, let's not forget the story. One man to bring out the whole drug problem in a country? I bet. Fight after a laughable fight. This was in the 1970s when people still believed that karate was effective in fighting, but Chiba hit it to new heights with some of the nonsense that was put in this film. Let's see that he is kicking a gun into two halves, pushing out a very hard man who looks like his teeth fall, and of course he cuts off the sight of the bottle and gives me a break. Not to mention the fact that it is very difficult to know what is going on in the battles because it was filmed very badly. The part that was amusing when the players arm was broken was the door which gave it a composite break. Okay. With continued work, large amounts of blood are treated, really fake blood. I also say it looked bad is an understatement. Representation does not exist at all in this film. I do not expect much of a movie of this kind anyway as long as the procedure is good, but it was not as expected and the dubbing is very bad. Was it my imagination or did they describe the Asians dancing with a black accent? As expected from the wardrobe of the seventies, she will be stitches laugh at some trends and women who have been subjected to unjustified nudity that comes with these clicks. Also why would the mafia be very clear and place all coats and black trench caps all the time? Do not try to hide it now. The characters were stupid as well. One of the owners of the pimp club, adorned with a Japanese pimp suit and the one who tasted the heads of the piles, looked like a fat hippie. The last thing I was excited about throughout the film was terrible music with some whales. It was very troublesome. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a terrible film with both martial arts standards and good filmmaking. This does not mean it is not amusing. With the film that was produced so badly, it's hard not to laugh through this film, if you can hint it. This was an old favorite clock with my best friend. If it's a bad thing, I'll give one star, but the laugh that hits it shocks her. 4 of 10.
