Lil Bush is a 30-minute animation featuring 2 to 15 minutes of central comedy episodes. The film is based in fictional Washington, DC, and focuses on the childish cynical portrayal of George W. Bush, Condoleezza Rice, Donald Rumsfeld and Dick Cheney. Other politicians are also spelled in the same way and act as a small character. <br /> <br /> According to the commentator's predictions, Bush's small pilot has proved to be somewhat shallow and somewhat shallow, and hardly achievable. Its distinctive promise: a cynical look at the current presidential administration. While one must admit that the premise of the offer has some merit, although it would be hard to imagine that a nearly complete offer to defame one political figure would survive to continue producing episodes after his term, this could only be described as dirty At best, a terrible ugliness in the worst case, and was marred by the meager resources the exhibition had. The actual use of a particular comedy tool to shed light on its objectives in vulgar ways (but not in an original, entertaining or funny way). Poor writing is often made up in the exhibition more than just recording Bush / Cheney jokes that are heard elsewhere in the nausea and put them all in a 30-minute TV block. As such, most of the jokes made by the book were shameless cliches, some of them in circulation for more than 6 years already. For example, the comparison between Vice President and Darth Vader may be funny in the first 300 times you've heard in the Daily Show / Kolber / Letterman / Conan O'Brien / Leno Monologue program, a talk show late at night forever, but it's not funny here . As if this were not enough, the show's conspiracies seem simply to be a way of promoting the same tired old Bush jokes that made the book the centerpiece of the program. <br /> <br /> In the defense of the fair, when the book dares to write in a truly original joke (which seems rare), it is often somewhat laughable. If the exhibition expands its depth to a certain extent, and puts its characters in new positions, strange positions, instead of the same old mistakes and "marshes" committed by the Bush administration, and therefore does not have to rely on the same jokes old Bush again, the exhibition may be acceptable Somewhat, perhaps more creative. <br /> <br /> In the end, it is difficult to check for any defect that causes the most damaging Lil Bush series; its apparent lack of originality and poor writing quality, or its painful narrow ambitions. It is reasonable to expect that Lil Bush will be able to maintain a small base of left-wing admirers, that is, if they can afford exceptionally weak writing, as long as the program continues to ridicule the Bush administration. However, the majority of viewers will soon learn about the program for what it really is, a weak and stale attempt to spell, and synthesize it in search of something more intellectually stimulating; the price is probably right.
