Well, I had high hopes in this Carnosor film because it seemed as if the introductions were improving as they emerged. I liked Karenosor 2 better than 1. Have you done well that this is newer so should it be better? Well ... I quickly learned I was wrong. I was very confused with casting. They returned Rick Dean to his high profile and Michael McDonald as a police officer. Now for Rick Dean lol, at Carnosaur 2, I thought he suited the role well and was not really bothered by it, and now at Carnosaur 3, they have put him as a grandparent. Now we are getting stupid here. The film actually started very well with a firearm fight and Dinus escape from the small freezers, but once the Scott Valentines team appeared, we had a mix of romantic comedy with very funny displays of backward and flexible dinosaurs. I will start with birds of prey first, there have been tails pulling the ground, which in the second was in the air and which seemed more common for a dinosaur can reach 50-60 mph. Now when they ran they swung back and forth and did not move the heads at all. There were flexible hands everywhere, and because the director shot him very badly, he looked stupid and free from the scene. <br /> <br /> T-rex was very pathetic and it was better to use one of the previous 2 movies. At least it seemed rather frightening. The person in this film seemed to be smiling all the time. The legs when walking were joyful, as John Wayne was in the Old West and all were very leggy and stuffy. LOL Another thing I noticed was that the hands did not move, they were stuck next to her body so it seemed and sounded (God was sound effects awful) lagging !!! Now if you are the director and realize that I had to work with this, maybe I will try harder to hide the false truth. As for the rest of the film, this was the quietest and loudest military team I have ever seen. The weapons they used would not make sense to the scenario. They even had an arm wrestling scene inside the warehouse where the carnosaurs were walking, and now I was tickled in this scene because I thought that while it was stupid it happens that the dinosaur will enter there and cause some damage. Instead, the director wasted about 7 minutes of our time. I would like to look at this film as the three Dinosaur movies. You have military underdevelopers, backward dinosaurs, underdeveloped scenarios and you have 83 wonderful minutes to spend your day watching this. <br /> <br /> Now I'm not saying I will not watch this, before I do that I would recommend everyone to see this movie which wants 83 minutes of pure entertainment. It might seem like I was bothered, but in fact I'm imposing this film on what it is. It's really interesting to watch it because while watching it you think to yourself, "Did the director make it seriously?
