I really do not fail to see the actual excess value of this film. It's not bad enough to be hilarious. There is no nudity or undue nudity (although there are plenty of opportunities). There is no Gore. There is no suspense in the first hour of the film because there are a lot of tourist scenes where a party is played and indigenous people play unconventional tribal music. The last part was actually funny on many occasions: you see these indigenous people collide with Congas and jembés and that's what you hear (badly synchronized) on the soundtrack. But they also added this bass line to the soundtrack. So, where was the bass player? At one point angered the indigenous people and start killing tourists. Why suddenly? It is supposed to be because evil white men build this tourist complex, which awakened the wrath of the crocodile god according to their legends (I missed the explanation for that). But the indigenous people helped for months build the tourist complex, so why the sudden anger? And how in hell they managed to push the helicopter in the water ?? Everything is ridiculous and useless. This film also features the most African-American model I have ever seen. <br /> <br /> At some point, the heroic couple visit the cave where a strange and strange old man lives. The only point of this scene is that they are discovering "horrific" that the killer alligator is actually a crocodile. Crocodile or crocodile, what is the difference? It is large, made of plastic and people eat. It's all like part of me. Crocodile is a rather silly creation. She is very stiff and does not flutter with her legs when she is swimming. Do not move the eyes even when they are shot close. I think they did not know "animation science" in Italy in 1979. There were also a lot of futile shots of local wildlife. I suspect it's footage of the footage. <br /> <br /> As I said, the first hour was largely lame, and the only reason I did not turn off the film was because my cat was sleeping in my lap and I did not want to wake up the nice thing. But the last half hour of the film did not improve. Finally, we see some action when the crocodile is swimming in a crowd of people who are horrified when they cut their teeth and chew them. The most interesting (and at the same time funny) scene is when Alice and Dane drive a car over a bridge and collapse. We are looking at the matchbox version of the truck located in the river here. Funny. But shot well. In fact, there are many other nice travel camera moves. Surprisingly for this kind of flick. I would refer to some stupid details about the end of the film, but I do not want to spoil it completely, if you decide to watch this movie. My advice is to stay away from them. If you want to watch a decent crocodile, check out Louis Cage. I admit that this person is not Italy and not a JAWS drop, but it is definitely more fun. And if you're interested in other films produced by director Sergio Martino, I highly recommend the very interesting 2019: after the fall of New York. This one is more than the crest of every possible film after the Apocalyptic End of the Future of Death. "Italians" and "Rip", two words that correspond well.
