Dennis Hopper is undoubtedly one of the finest American actors of our time, and it was interesting to see how he plays his role as a policeman in a serial killer case. Most Hopper movies have always played a psychotic threat of blowing things up or continuing to kill, but in this film, Hopper tried to do his best to maintain this intensity and passion while carrying a shield. As soon as I entered the movie plot, I was hooked, but only the small things that eventually killed the film. <br /> <br /> The concept of the movie is awesome - not only the police on the move from the capture of the murderer, but we have a chance to see how gangsters are working to capture the killer. The sub-chart of the football stadium is ridiculous, but it is necessary to involve gangsters in the hunt for the killer. <br /> <br /> That's all you can say about the movie. Although Hopper tried to act as a smart policeman on the street, tough and experienced, I can not help but feel that his behavior was substandard, and there was not enough conviction that he was really attached to the case. The output was also terrible - he had no sense of a real film, he was a television producer. This is very clear when gangsters meet for the first time to form an elite team to pursue the killer. When leading gangs unleash other nice bands with slow motion, acting was weak, predictable and uncontroversial. When I knew that in the first place, the movement would be terrible. <br /> <br /> The corner of the camera was amateurish, and the memorial scenes or haunting images of the murderer's little sister had no real distinguishing effect. If it's supposed to be scary, it is not. Everyone behaved terribly, and even for Huber, I did not feel his character, and I was not very interested in his relationship with his daughter. <br /> <br /> The last thing that bothered me the most was the Swat team. Once I saw the Swat team at work, I was thinking, finally, a good thing. But I was wrong. First and foremost, the entire Swat team consists of 4 men. This is only impossible. Second, the SWAT team seems to have no training at all because they carry multiple HKA4 machine guns in one hand. If the killer were hiding near the stairs with a rifle, these four idiots would have been blown to bits because they were not even aiming at anything or paying close attention. Both hands were supposed to be on the gun pointing forward, but they do not seem to take the job seriously and excel around it. Third, SWAT members do not shout at commands, such as "Keep your eyes open, watch out for yourself, are we ready to go ... etc." In fact, they use hand signals or have radios. But they literally scream at each other - how are you supposed to catch the killer when he hears you're coming ?? Most of all, these young people do not have any plan - they seem to be walking up and down in pursuit of turkeys. In the end they end up doing nothing. That was the last straw. I'm not a Special Forces expert, but what I've just outlined is common sense. When the audience knows the film is terrible, the action becomes a movie saver - when you can not even make an effort to make the movie great, the movie is lost. <br /> <br /> I gave two stars to this concept, but the rest can not be credited. If you want to watch a crime movie, do not worry about it. There are a lot of crimes in the film - but they lack suspense.
