Antimonopoly lies directly in that category of films that aspire to raise some important points as they rise and fall completely. I do not hate the film, but it lacks basic elements, such as suspense. There have been other attempts to make an attractive film about computers, such as Hackers and The Net. They all fall short. The possible endpoints for both Net and Antirust look almost identical. The end of the movies suffers from one big mistake in perception: People in PC companies have this vibrant self that assumes that the lives of the general population are waiting to hear the latest news about computers and software. I've worked in many companies and industries, and they all seem to be suffering from an expanded vision of their own self-importance, as the film does. <br /> <br /> The way they made the lines was pathetic. Milo, who suffers from deadly allergies of sesame seeds, almost accommodated one of the restaurant's bread basket across the stupid line. Only "his girlfriend" prevented him from certain death. This makes one wonder how Milo could survive as long as he survived, avoiding the dangers of Big Macs and sesame seeds, dressing themselves, as well .... bread cakes from sesame seeds and Big Mac cakes. <br /> <br /> Antitrust also does not provide much of a thrill. The decorative and predictable plot rolls are easily discovered long before they are revealed (come on, was anyone really amazed when Yee Jee Tso was killed?), Resulting in the destruction of any real shock value. Here again we have another film / story where in the end, bad guys chase good people "to get the disk". We need to comment on Simone's simple land line for about 20 years. Still, pressed on. Maybe the end will be the return, but no. The end was absolutely ridiculous where our company security chief, another presumptuous evil man, turns around and be the good guy who could be Milo from dropping N.U.R.V CEO Gary Winston was laughable. Of course, news coverage of Gary Winston's arrest became more hectic than when Hinckley or Oswald was put in custody. Gary Winston, played by Tim Robbins, is a cardboard clip of the same character played by Robbins on Arlington Street. But this is quite appropriate here in the anti-monopoly program, which should be called "anti-theft" or "anti-original." <br /> <br /> This movie is likely to be banished in the coming years, to be shown only on your local UHF channel third channel.
