When I sat down to watch this film, I was actually expecting some, as the plot dealt with very complex issues. Using football as a platform to launch complications was also an interesting method. Unfortunately, despite its courage in dealing with controversial issues such as cultural clashes between Islamic and Western culture, adding generational conflicts and prejudice towards gays / lesbians, it gives you access to the solution with a somewhat slight dilution of all the suspense accumulated throughout the film. This leads me to the impression that the manufacturers have undertaken a very big task for themselves to face them, trying to be deeper and then able to deal with them. <br /> <br /> However, this does not mean that the film is directly bad, because it presents conflicts where it can be believed and entertained as well. The film succeeds in engaging and entertaining this issue, but as mentioned above, the authors seem to have woven themselves too deeply. This has led to some totally unrealistic behaviors towards the end of the face of escalating conflicts. By dropping the ball at a time when it was possible for manufacturers to show brilliance in moving the film to another level of appreciation. <br /> <br /> Even if the movie never tries to be a deep drama piece, the setup has a lot of possibilities in the plot becoming a disappointment when the "ball falls". This way the film moves from being a good comedy and turning back to standard cliches that become ridiculous at its happy end. Nothing left in Hollywood like the end. So even if the story is interesting and one can handle a large amount of montage, one can only turn to the decision. Personally I was about to yell "Finish already!" In the screen. <br /> <br /> There was some decent representation in the film, and two small characters framed in the film had good moments. As did their parents and other bilateral personalities. However, the mediocre Irishman was an embarrassing piece of acting, which allows the film little realism. He did not seem very popular, but he was interested in himself despite his good deeds, making the impending conflict between the girls seem rather tense. <br /> <br /> I give the movie 4, because it was an attractive story and they looked for a nice perspective to take up the theme of. The script and the actors had many good personalities that were believable, giving the audience an opportunity to get to know themselves or others. If this was not disappointing, the film was easily awarded 7 or 8. If you enjoyed this movie, I recommend East Is East, which I think is good, if not a better introduction to the cultural conflict, as well as being amusing And attractive.
