I saw the trailer for this film a few months before it was released, and MAN, did it seem scary, especially how this film was based on a real phenomenon in life. I've been incredibly interested and I thought that this film could finally be a horror film / decent suspense after years if it was crap. You know very well how to make movie clips of the film look better than they are: perhaps by showing all the creeping parts or by over-defining certain elements. I did ads for both the film, resulting in my eventual disappointment. <br /> <br /> By no means is this "the most disturbing film in years". Hell, I doubt it was the most disturbing film of this week's release. This film takes everything "reality-based" too far away. <br /> <br /> This movie was not complete. I must admit, I was interested Michael Keaton was reasonable as a man looking for answers by supernatural means. Other than that, although this film is a great cliche. After the death of John's wife, he recognizes the EVP, which transmits the sounds of the dead to everyday electronic devices. Suddenly he receives messages from his wife! my Lord! It is not only his wife that reaches him, but other dead people. Gee, imagine that. A film about helping the dead. Come on, give me a break! Clichés do not stop there. There is also a mandatory trick to stop the clock at the same time every night and three evil spirits threaten our hero. The film was not only cliché, it was not scary. The film literally leapt to the viewer, and those scenes were almost identical. The end is awful, because it leaves the door wide open for the sequel. There is also a letter ending with a letter explaining how only one out of the X sounds that are heard through the EVP is threatened, with a happy melody played. Way to break the mood, you guys. Geez! In the end, if you want another horror film you can forget, see "White Noise". The only reasons I think anyone who will see this movie is either being a fan of Keaton or being interested in EVP. Sure, EVP aspects may be a little interesting, but I do not like to disintegrate the concepts of the film in my throat and explode in my face. This film tries to be scary, original and disturbing, but it is just the opposite. You know that you have a lame movie when commercials use ghosts to talk about a movie there. "I will see this film no more."
