John Rivers' life as an architect and a family man turned worse when his wife disappeared and died after a strange accident involving a frame change of her car. During the days that were missing, he encountered a man who was following him and told him that he was in contact with his dead wife from the other side through E.V.P - Electronic Voice Phenomenon. He naturally does not believe that but he hears strange phone calls from her phone and then calls the man to find out more about E.V.P. Soon, John hangs on him, but something miraculous does not like to meddle in the dead, as now with others when communicating with his wife, white noise predicts events before they happen. <br /> <br /> Since this DVD was sitting on the shelf for some time, I thought it would be better to watch it because it was not a copy. But again, I do not think the owners were in a hurry to get them back, because they did not ask me about it. Oh, okay. So I decided to give it a play, as I was in a permanent mood. After hearing all the bad newspapers and reading them, I did not expect anything good from a distance, but I remained amused for 90 minutes. Well, more than 60 minutes, where the last half of the hour was largely hazy. The film is not good anywhere, but the time was full enough fast although it is a supernatural film somewhat lukewarm. I thought it was not all a waste. In the first hour, some interesting sequences were found to be somewhat interesting, and there is a nervous horror that resulted from slow progress from the stillness and the gentle tragedy that haunts you, but sadly it stops later in the film. When forced jump fears come in particular and are not commensurate with the context. It becomes rather hectic and noisy and very mixed with MTV editing and the action of the kinetic camera approaching motion. I could not understand what was happening at a volatile and sudden climax. The full explanation of how everything fits the larger picture is pure. It is a very unsatisfactory conclusion because it applies to something big, but it reaches the bottom. I thought they did a good job up to this point with the lighting and flashy camera work. Apart from the stark light, the result kept this bleak gloom in the air. All this is done very quietly with its polished and decorative hardware, making it look very sterile and empty. <br /> <br /> You can easily see that the heart of the film is in the functional ingredients and not in expanding characters and story. There is no connection and lasting feeling within this flimsy material. After a while, it is very difficult to convince you that they are located in the thrill and manipulation of many things that clot blood from behind the grave. I've got to repeat watching someone watching a mysterious TV screen after a while. The E.V.P star machine was in display. Well, it has had a greater impact than lame performance. Michael Keaton is more than just a capable actor, but has recently disappeared from the map and here presents a modest performance like John Rivers seriously obsessed. It is really worth much better. Everyone else is crisp and forgetful. Not because of performance, but because of the lack of depth in their personalities. The cache was not a bad thing at first, but it turned into a pear shape that fell heavily. <br /> <br /> I will not care to see him again and I will not recommend it to anyone unless you get the attention to the subject and enjoy the latest crop of horror and thriller produced by Hollywood. It is shameful that this excessive production juggernaut has not been able to successfully assemble it, as it has promised in its idea and more than just a decent delivery at hand. I did not hate it, but what a disappointment.
