Definitely one of the worst movies of the year. The plot is silly, the characters are poorly developed, and the premise is insanely stupid. It all begins when Michael Keaton, who has just started to do nothing since Batman, loses his beautiful wife, Anna, to a car accident, perhaps because she leads one of those transformable errors, although she is supposed to be rich. In his grief, Batman moves into a new apartment and takes a hobby: record anything and then watch it. He learned this from a really fat pathetic person who was killed by three mysterious colleagues who lived on his television. Soon, he begins to see the dead, thanks to EVP, or e-sound phenomenon, which is obviously the deal where the dead can send messages to people alive through tape recorders, camcorders, dead cell phones ("Who's I? But it is ... Dead! ... Must be ghosts. "Mhmmm .No other explanation possible .It is better to start tampering with this random. Why can not they just write something on a piece of paper or did not explain knock some things to form creative illustrations. However, Batman eventually discovers that he already sees the future and decides to go to help this woman he does not know. He goes out of his house soon, because the dark men enter after his departure ("D * mn! Can travel between the living and the dead using electronics, but I will be mned if we can be on time! Agree in a confused agreement "). This lady follows a warehouse and discovers that this character from the first ten minutes of the film (really looks, or will be missing!) Is actually a serial killer working for three long and mysterious demons. In Raiders of the Lost Ark style, they kill him, like the cartoons they on her. Only then do some investigators appear and keep the lady. After Batman's funeral, he decides to send a letter from behind the grave apologizing to his son for being a fool and clearly feels that the best way to protect his child from the horrors of EVP is to expose him to her. The little boy just smiles. There are no stages of this dude, even when his father, Batman of course, starts talking to the TV. It was the highest point in the film when someone's phone rang and someone shouted, "I'm Anna!"
