The best choice: David Yansen, 38, played Robert Dreyfas, who was then 31 years old (yes, he realized he was supposed to be out of college, but the clues in the script made him more comfortable, The 24-year-old 25-in-script --- who still puts Jensen into parenting classes at the High School). I assume that AMA wrote a medical miracle in 1938 in medicine. It is worth mentioning that just to see an early shot from Sin City, around 1969, and all the constant smoking, strange hair (Drivas contains an atomic comb that makes him look like a hip hip grooming cousin) and trendy fashion that I went with . If anyone remembers, LV was not exactly London ... the city codification of mobs and gambling gamblers in those days. Drives come in terms of sexual ambiguity. His father thinks he may be a lesbian (sadly, Davidas himself died of AIDS at the age of 44). The conflict over soap is the result of the intergenerational gap problem (important, as if one might call the gap 7 years). Sonny boy wants to be his own man, and my father wants to pull him to the casino (Caesar's Palace!) And hand him over to the girls (including Eddie Williams for the money). It is interesting that the son does not seem to mind to think that he is gay --- unusual for the time, as Brenda Vaccarro is kind in the neighborhood close to fainting him. What nudity there is horribly lame --- only what is required to attract the public to obtain an "R" rating in the early days of the MPAA rating system (which was then G-M-R [16] - and X). The editing is awesome, and there are ridiculous ridiculous slurs by the committee (a comedic band from the late sixties of the last century, gracefully faded from the map in two years). Don Rickels works as a black jack distributor ... he seems to be preparing him to become the best casinos manager in CASINO two decades later. Not to give up anything, but they treated Mr. Riklis' personality with power tools and a hole in the desert at the time. Curiosity at best, far from the usual level of Joshua Logan. Dos / Dias. Go now to see a casino again ...
