New York, I love you, or rather I must bear the title of Manhattan, I love looking at your people sometimes love, is an accurate example of the difference between narrative story and novel attitude. For example, see two parts of the film, one of which Ethan Hawk lights a cigarette for a woman on the street and begins to talk to her with disgusting talk, and another with Orlando Bloom trying to record a film with an incredible request from his manager to read Dostoevsky's books. Although the last story is not a wonderful story in any way, it has at least a beginning, middle and end, where the composer tries to record the results, Dostoyevi casts in his lap, and finally gets some help (and maybe more) He was talking to her as a link between him and the director. However, the Ethan Hawk scene does not resemble anything, and resembles it, like added luck or directed by a movie director (or, in this regard, hockey with a combination of "before the sunrise and reality"). <br /> <br /> What bothers the film in general is seeing few stories that work really well collide with one or two possible "stories", then the rest of the unfolding situations that are created to connect or overlap with each other (ie bits Which include Bradley Cooper, Drey de Matteo, Hayden Christensen, Andy Garcia, James Kan, Natalie Portman, etc.). Even a movie that has always been set up in Manhattan * and not in New York Queens or Staten Island or the Bronx (not even Harlem or Washington Heights) - lacks a great deal of diversity, because there is some. It is the lack of imagination that the Pistons found, for better or worse, at J'taime in Paris. It is not often in New York, except for the passage of references, and at worst (the Jolie Christie / Shihab LaBeouf segment) is not at all appalling. <br /> <br /> So, basically, wait for the TV, and do your best to dive in and out of the movie - that is, for three scenes: Clip Bloom / Christina Ricci mentioned above magician; directed part of Brett Ratner (yes, X-Men 3 Brett Ratner) with a very funny story about a teenager taking a wheelchair girl to the prom just to come up with a great twist; and Ellie Wallach and Clores Litchman as a couple who are absolutely adorable in Brooklyn for their 67th wedding. Nothing else can be missed, until Natalie Portman's first introduction, and the return of Hughes' brother (only one, Alan) to the screen. Putting a small mixed bag: It's like having to search through a bag of mixed nuts filled with kribi peanuts to find a few left almonds.
