An ugly shot, a bad sequel to the amateur tempo to the classic Joe Dante 1981. "The Howling" is one of the two or three of the only good wolf films ever produced, however, it has been rewarded by a series of nasty and irreconcilable sequences To download such a series. If any consolation, "Stirba" is a supplement in name only and there is no connection with the characters or events that were presented in Dante's film. The plot here revolves around a blood-thirsty cult of Transylvanian wolves ?? Those females in the first place? Led by Stirba. Stirba plays the role of Sibyl Dunning who turns from a big old woman zigzagging to a super-blonde babe (with an impressive bosom) in the blink of an eye and becomes raging when sexually aroused. Her arch enemy seems to be Christopher Lee. His personality ?? Stefan Crosco? Is a mysterious investigator who travels to the kingdom of Stirpa, accompanied by a US couple who lost their friend because of the worship of the bereaved. In case you are looking exclusively for a filthy gore and unwarranted nudity ... this is your film. Even the smallest killing operation is displayed in great detail and we are even treated with the explosion of eyeballs and the hideous image of the dwarf that pierced a tapered fence. However, if you want a little bit of substance or depth, you'll be very disappointed. The dialogues are embarrassing and there is no tension that can be detected anywhere. The scriptwriters seem to confuse wolves with vampires (transylvania, garlic, wooden stakes ...) and Dunning's magnificent terrace is shamelessly exploited as the only gimmick in the film. During the final credits, one of the stills that were torn from the top is re-edited repeatedly (according to my colleague Dr. Gore, at least seventeen times!) Which is pathetic and meaningless. The music is fine and some of the scenery is fairly beautiful. I am talking about the stylized statues during the opening credits and fortified towers at Stirba Castle. Directed by Philip Mora is a giant mess and ?? to me ?? His only feature film, The Beast Inside, was released three years ago.
