Howling II begins as if to proceed with a strange and surreal editorial novel by Christopher Lee imposing his image on a moving star field, and a skeleton is also shown for some reason. He said, "For it is written, The inhabitants of the earth have been submerged in their blood, and I have seen them running a tight beast and holding a golden shalis filled with the most adultery, and on the forehead I wrote, behold, I am the great mother of #an inaudible word I could not take out, no matter how many times you reverted The tape I tried, sorry # and all the earthly things. " This opening narrative does not mean anything at all and is quite strange. After the opening credits placed on footage from the Transylvania architecture, we get an explanatory explanation on the screen informing us that we are in "Los Angeles, California, USA. I knew I was in for 86 minutes long. Perhaps not long after the events of the original howling (1981) and the funeral of Karen White. After the ceremony, Karen's son (Reeb Brown) is spoken to by a "mysterious investigator" named Stefan Crosco (Christopher Lee) who says Karen is depressed and will return to life. Ben rejects such nonsense. But with a friend of Karen and his teammates Jenny (Annie McEnroe), Stephan visits his home. There Stefan tells them about Werewolves and how they can be killed, mentions Stirba (Sybil Danning) and Queen of Werewolves. Stephan also shows them a photograph taken at Karen's funeral for a woman named Marianna (Marsha A. Hunt), a very fierce wolves who wants Karen. Stephan says he will share any titanium wolves in the heart. Ben discovers that Stephan means that he will share Karen as well with Jenny traveling to the cemetery where his sister's basement is to stop Stephan. However, many wolves attend and attack Stephan, Ben and Jenny. They survived the attack and were able to find out that Stirba was in Transylvania. They all decided to travel to Transylvania and stop Stirba and Werewolves from taking over the land by satisfying the centuries-old curse. Once they arrive in a small town called Vlkava which means "where the wolves live" and meet the local priest, Ladislav Krecmer and his small but loyal group of Werewolf fishermen, hey, what can I call them? Oh, and dwarf named Florica (Ludmila Svarova) also helps. They follow Mariana who they hope will lead them to Stirba. But Stirba knows of Stephan's arrival and he has plans for Ben and Jenny. Will Stephan be able to put an end to Stirba's plans to take over the world? Will this film get more weird or surreal? Watch it and find out. Directed by Philip Mora, this is a strange mess in the film. It is loosely edited as some sequences jump only in an unrelated way. The only big problem is the script written by Robert Sano and Gary Brandner based on his novel, which spreads everywhere and makes no sense or identifies us with any suitable characters we love. Fortunately it moves like a rocket and is not boring or dull, unlike the original. Something strange or strange always happens to keep the viewer entertained. Most people may hate it, but for those of us who enjoy "bad" movies, they have the best. There are ordeal arewolves that are just awful to watch. We get some cold bewolf killing weapons. The groups and sites do not seem to exist and I do not know if this was actually filmed in Transylvania, but it does not look as I thought in the mid-1980s. Stirba's castle is part of the fortified towers, part of the Gothic castle and a modern luxury house. Stirba fashion and its server too, Stirba wears a group that looks like it belongs to a S / M video and to be fair it looks very sexy, and its followers wear faded leather clothes as well. The effects of special make-up vary from good to poor, the eyes of the dwarf explode, the hand of someone has been torn and the priest has seen some creatures from his mouth, but this film is not full of oil, though there is a lot of sequencing effect with the lupus transformations and attacks. There are plenty of nudity as well as Stirba and her followers represent a real bunch of Werewolves! I would also like to mention music, where terrifying soundtrack controls the soundtrack I hated, and I ended up lowering the volume. The representation is weak in all respects and what was Christopher Lee thinking about on Earth when he accepted this film?! I wonder what he thinks. Everything is basically a real mess, but I found it a fairly entertaining mess. It's impossible to recommend but that kept me watching until the end. When talking about final credits that go beyond what seems to have been deleted scenes and clips cut, it also features the same shot as Sybil Danning as she wears her dress and reveals her breasts probably exceeding 20 times! If this is your thing.
