I will have to add a different comment here. Various comments I have read comparing this film to the likes of Wong Kar Wai or Hu Hsiao Hsin. Which is one of the impressive fleet of Mandarin goodies that have arrived in recent years. Unfortunately, this is not quite accurate. The film looks like an attempt by film school graduates to emulate these professors. All the pieces are present - the beautiful background, the mysterious simple dialogue, the slow wobbling photographer, and the men who provide, in particular, who spend so much time sitting in meditation. Looks good but unfortunately there is nothing equal. Dialogue is lead. The representation is generally unable to raise the letters above the writing; the couple and the little sister are poor and not particularly involved. Unfortunately, when the average representation of the character is combined with a classic plot "Chekovian" (ie highly predictable), the results are at best boring and at worst painful. I could not help but see the sight of the river "Blue Danube", for example, as a thriller on a parody of the genre (although the smog that looks like "spring" in the sky across the river provides a little black humor ...) To this film based on the fact that Mark Li Bing was portraying it. Although the setting is neat, the swaying camera tries to repeat the mood of "Shanghai Flowers", but the film is not in the same association visually. In fact, I must admit that after an hour of wondering whether the script or acting was destroying the film, I suddenly remembered that I was supposed to meet my colleague at dinner and took the opportunity to leave (and I can not remember the last film I got out of it). I think from the reviews that the end may have left a positive taste but at that point I could not pay attention. If you want to see something similar to the lines that have been done with real talent, I recommend anything by the directors mentioned above, for example "In the Mood of Love" or "Shanghai Flowers", both were filmed by Mr. Ping Chris Doyle), both films are ingenious enough to inspire years of failed simulations like this. Mr. Hooperman does not often lead me astray, and you may prefer to listen to him, but do not say that you have not been warned. Craig. <br /> <br />
