This is the first of a series of "William Shakespeare's Complete Drama" from the BBC series I've seen, and if all of them are like this, I may not see more. Being the full text of the play is practically all that Romeo and Juliet offer, therefore, lacking all other departments. Alvin Rakov reveals himself as a terrifying director, both technically and artistically. Previously, he made mistakes that even a first-grade film student would avoid wisely. Take into account, for example, the first badly edited shot of Ibrahim and Baltazar in the opening scene, or the nurse's entry into the Friar Lawrence cell, and the question of where Romeo was standing with her so she could see her clearly even if she was blind. Finally, because each of the performers is misdirected, even if some of them are good actors. Rebecca Sayer looks exactly the way I always imagined Juliet to look like, and does not seem to be a bad actress for a teenager, but her performance is completely lacking in emotion of any kind. Patrick Ryecart As Romeo is worse, not only boring like Juliet, but also very old and not so good-looking, comes across a mix of Malcolm McDowell and Chucky's doll. Their compilation makes it impossible to think that they feel anything to each other, let alone being the main players for the biggest love story ever written. Alan Rickman, on his first appearance on the screen, plays Tybalt as if he were Darth Vader, a major mistake that removes the complexity that Shakespeare intended, not a character as a hero or a villain but all human beings flawed. This Tybalt has an average appearance so that we do not believe that the characters pity after his death. As for Paris, I kept thinking of Prince Valium from space balls. Celia Johnson only managed to perform some nurse personal justice. <br /> <br /> In 168 minutes, this production is unable to make us sympathize with the characters, because the characters do not sympathize with one another and never sympathize with their own roles. The best version of the screen is still Franco Zeverelli. But to be fair, this BBC is not as bad as abominations like George Cukor's incandescent version, or crime against humanity, a long-term MTV video from Baz Luhrmann. 10/04.
