Superbly, "Brigadoon" is a very promising entertainment package. Jane Kelly and Vincent Menelli, the team behind the film "American in Paris," reunited with many of the great craftsmen and women behind their former collaboration. The leading Gene Lady is Cyd Charisse, one of the best dancers in the cinema of the 1940s / 1950s, and unlike the generally superior "It's Always Fair Weather", the film gave them an opportunity not just one but two. Lerner and Lowe were the forward team for future successes such as "My Beautiful Lady" and the musical masterpiece "Gigi"; Lerner and Minelli had already shown their collaborative juices around the excellent American in Paris. <br /> <br /> What happened along the way? Why is the movie itself like a stupid lamb? Menelli himself did not want to do the film, despite his warm and personal relationship with Lerner. Perhaps this is because the film's innate preservation was more than two steps ahead of MGM and one step back to Vincent Minelli. But as soon as they are confined to this task like the residents of Brigadon trapped within the city limits, Manneli sought to turn it into something that would be fun in a way that was particularly amusing, if not liberating. The end result is really shocking. <br /> <br /> While aiming at the former mineless charm of "Cabin in the Sky" and "Meet Me in St. Louis", embroidered tights embellished with a Brigadoon population can conjure up any imaginary nostalgia for those who have never before They have an instance. Its whims do not match the glossy "Yolanda and the Thief" or "The Pirate" because the heights settings seem at the same time very specific to such a strange and very general fantasy for true human feelings. The only person in Brigadoon who I can at least deal with is the neglected man who is trying to escape and the ill-fated fellow of John Johnson who was shot accidentally. The general proceedings in the town of Prigadon itself are very vague and the province does not even belong to the backward form of Christianity: it appears to be a positive pagan in its side. For example, in contrast to Prudadon's immortality, the honorable patron of the town sacrificed the most "good" place in the supposed sanctuary. <br /> <br /> At some point, we are reassured that "everyone" is looking for their own Commodore. "It's enough to say that the box office for this picture confirms my skepticism that most of us are not looking for this kind of semi-similar paradise." The premise itself is absurd and almost humiliating, but it may work if the actors are idealistic. But Kelly himself is the most caring thing for the film, Has made a terrible mistake as a wild optimist, just as he did with the agent of Bremer in the film "Yolanda and the Thief." John Johnson is doing his best from Oscar Levant to Kelly (to light up three cigarettes at a time like Levant in "AIP" ), And it provides plenty of fun moments, but says something in itself if it is the best part of the magnificence The big budget with all the best talent at MGM is the performance of Van Johnson.
