I do not feel often I am compelled to make negative criticism of the film; after all what I feel often, "If you do not have anything good to say do not take him at all," it will be advice appropriate for many naysayers who listen to every day pay attention to Things we love. If so for you the reader, although I am compelled to point out that, with the exception of Christopher Lukin in the role of return such as Gabriel, this terrifying film is pathetic. I tell you this to warn you in advance that even if you're a fan of the process of delivery and be blocked or loved "prophecy" the original, which will disappoint your hopes. If you buy it, return it. If you rent it, make sure it is only ninety nine cents. <br /> <br /> What's the problem with this movie? Read a full list will take a long time and will make you cry, but a brief summary will be as follows: tearing a clear picture once the relationship between the angels and human beings in the first film. Gabriel turned from the right hand of God, who was rather obsessed in the past (and in this role was funny in the first) to just bullying the sky more. Since Walken is very good at playing the heavens (remember all Frank White of "King of New York") it is still fun but the support team is an invincible and unconvincing mess of both humans and angels who could not buy an idea for 50 cents. If you can figure out the plot that you are the most intelligent man of the first. One feels that we are wandering aimlessly from one scene to another just to transfer the film to the next big Walken line. At the end of the film, you really want to blow his horn and make the walls of Jericho fall on the people who committed this unnatural disaster. <br /> <br /> Bottom line - it's an insult to our intelligence that they made a sequel to this film in the first place. The original narrated the correct story, answered the questions that should have been, and left alone the questions that he was supposed to think about afterwards. There are no convincing reasons to follow these early figures - the priest who lost his faith, the little girl who kept "the great secret", the teacher who protected her children - that Lucifer himself was more interesting in himself than in the first film of all other characters The sequel put together. I feel sorry for anyone who sees this film and not the first because he may never want to watch the original film and this is a real tragedy.
