Everyone knows that Gregory Widen's original "Prophecy" book really did not need to be supplemented, but you do not need a rocket science diploma hanging over your smoker to realize that more extra money around this lucrative concept of terror is inevitable. The second part is a very prototype for a direct sequel to the video, which means that the original and complex layout of the original version has been greatly simplified in favor of more work, more versatility, and a more unusual religious scene. The only good news is that the producers have managed to keep Christopher and Alan to the role of Gabrielle, offering a rude performance that justifies the price of the rent immediately. If this is not the case for the Walken performance (and perhaps two of the supporting actors such as Brittany Murphy and Glenn Danzig), it is certain that "The Prophecy II" has disappeared into oblivion after its direct release. The film begins with Gabrielle getting out of Hell to continue his ongoing war here on Earth. The purpose of his fight this time is to prevent the birth of nurse Valerie Rosales (Jennifer Belles) from birth. As you can see, her unborn child is the first hybrid ever between a celestial angel and a terrestrial "monkey", and the birth of such a superior being would mean the fall of the evil power of Jibril. Thus, as in the first film, a suicide partner takes part in helping him and chasing Valerie down to Aden for a final showdown. "The Prophecy II" is a film that can be tolerated sometimes and amusing as long as you do not make comparisons with the original and as long as you can overlook the holes of the plot and the multiple mistakes continued. Whenever the story becomes too boring, the manufacturers always happily enter Christopher's moment and the semi-gloss to distract you. His interactions with the rebellious Izi, especially his ignorance of modern terrestrial technologies, often produce interesting and memorable sequences. In a little off-topic note, I often felt the ambitions of "The Prophecy II" to look similar to "Terminator II" ?? Gabrielle's resurrection seems somewhat like the future transport of Cyborg and the location of Aden, where the final battle takes place, is very similar to the steel plant where the "second Terminator" ended as well. By chance, I guess? In general, this is a low and possible supplement but still worthy of review in case you love the unique charisma of Christopher and Allen (who else?).
