This is one of the spells of terror in which twenty things play in the dark arts around the campfire, and they collide with a pile of trouble to do so. A portal containing a world of demons known as Kelippoth from Sitra Achra was opened by a man who kidnapped his daughter, summer, by something, and broke into it. Summer was trained by a mysterious group whose identities were not revealed to fight devil monsters. This is part of the plot that is being checked. Anyway, there are three magicians from Wannabee, who went to high school together, and Rina, the most engaging sports enthusiast in the Dark Arts, and her lesbian colleagues, Yasmine and Marilyn) .. It's a fad with them, .. Join friends, Jason and Ricky. A journey in the wilderness where the summer disappeared from her home ten years ago When the portal opens through an operative text written in an old book, a demon is released, as in summer, and now a warrior babe has trained him to a very appropriate athletic body and skills that were needed To ward off monsters in the other world. <br /> <br /> The low budget contains loopy, but it s As in these films, Satan stands on the sidelines as the story unfolds as the summer tries to remember how everything happened, while he was (And the rest of the female cast for this matter), is a beautiful fragrant candy, wearing poor clothes like a female conan, a wonderful body on us To be happy to see it from the moment it appears until the film closes. Some lesbians (some kissing and caressing) and naughty spice things well, seem to cast a fun with an idiot plot .. it is so useless that a silly tone may be appropriate for the article. <br /> <br /> It may be interesting to share Christian Riso (brave captain) Christian (real name, Jason Riso) in the World Wrestling Entertainment Championship as one of the group, which spoils the changing ego, like a chicken, trembling from the sound of a twig. . Jasmine, a handsome young man, a naïve young man, his former fiancée, Yasmin (Vanessa James) is now bisexual and loves Marilyn (Jasmine's cruelty lies in Jason's feelings by hiding her relationship with Marilyn from his knowledge) That Reiki and Reina are trying to steer him away from the idea that he can rekindle a dead flame, and never ignite again. Kelippoth's demon is mostly lit, I think he refrains from showing the extent of ridicule / laughter if he appears fully. Exotic lesbian Yasmin and Marilyn (Halle Shannon) are mostly tame, their love is made, once in the forest against the tree, down and also lit using the dark of the night. My classification is a little favorite towards him, only because of Kingsley, purely for purely superficial reasons, rather than conspiracy or filmmaking. The film aims to satisfy and commercialize boys (and girls who love hot women). I think, however, for the most part, the humor flattens a bit.
