It is certainly a strange way to promote a film based on a lot. It appears to be a clear suicide by the studio, given that (1) the differences between the actors were well known long before the release of the film. (2) The dispute between producers (Robert Freier) and director (Michael Sarn) was also known. (3) The actors did not hide their disdain for the film and published it at every opportunity, with daily bulletins from the group that were happily reported by columnists everywhere. <br /> <br /> (4) The author, Gore Vidal, disliked it practically from day one. However, this description line only summarizes. Raquel Welch <br /> <br /> performs well like Myra, and looks pretty next to her. John Houston is very funny like Buck Lunner, a former cowboy star who runs a pseudo-acting academy. Mae West, (in her first appearance on the screen since 1943), rewrote her role naturally to suit herself, and is as wonderful as "overexeded" (and that's what makes her mild) "Leticia Van Allen." However, you must have wondered (after a long wait to get a good car back to her) how she ended up in this mess. <br /> <br /> Tom Seelik (in his first film) is one of the "customers." John Carradine and Jim Bacos, as doctors, also swing briefly: Rex Reed in the role of Meyron, Phra Phoset and Roger Herne as victims of Mera's passion The same applies to the text, which not only fails to focus on the basic plot of the book, but seems to be heading to at least three different directions at once.Although the western part was originally larger , It turned out to be a wonderful role while Sarn was in the editing, and because of this in part, it seems to be in a different film. At one stage, producers realized that Mai would be the big drag of the film, and because she could not replace most of the broken clips, they rushed her back to the group at the end of the filming for her second song, both of which went out of nowhere. "By the time the film ends, all the tiresome viewer can do is wonder what in hell." It's not surprising that everyone involved in production is the same way, and died at the box office. The technically flawless DVD (among other additions) includes separate comments from both Welch and Sarney, each of which has completely conflicting views about the error. No doubt that the home video was reissued by the 2001 "Vanity Fair" piece, which I tried (in great detail) to do the same. True, the novel's structure made screen adaptation a questionable task, but with Sarne on top of what was obviously a "troubled" production, he had no chance at all.
