It was the 1960s, and anyone with long hair and long hair could get the money to make a film. Michael Sarn, the manager of this huge flop, was able to get the job. Sarne is one of the most talented people who got the dollar to produce a movie. In fact, the whole studio must have been deceived by agreeing to hire a man who had made just one previous film, a very precious black and white film, called Joanna. The film was starring waif Genevieve Waite, which is almost speechless, barely speaking a full line without breaking into some inappropriate facial expressions or Twitter that looks like a bat. Sarn, who may have been unable to take out the cartoons, regardless of Hollywood's big budget film, was on his head. The book by David Geller is the best place to go to see how Sarn the Terrible has managed to pull the wool out of everyone's eyes. If there is ever a historical sign indicating a superficial and shallow era, Mira Breckenridge provides that mark. It embodies the emptiness and reckless excess of a decade that is often remembered for a major change in the political sea. Breckenridge is the test of another equally important route. Watch this movie and you will get a different perspective on the space that has not been mentioned much and which is often talented during those years. <br /> <br /> Many reviewers have commented on intermittent footage from other films, especially the older one. In fact, some liked these outrageous "comments" on what was happening in the film, others found it meaningless, annoying, and disturbing, although the film was very bad in itself, any snooping should be an improvement. <br /> <br /> In my opinion, the real reason why Michael Sarn put so many movie clips in Mira Breckenridge was to find an unfounded lack of intelligence and imagination. This means that Sarn was faced with a great challenge in the imagination that he threw these passages just to fill the space and take time. They were not inspired, they were desperate. His writing skills did not exist. David Geller wisely walked away from the project as if someone were a time bomb, so he left Sarn to try to make a film, and he could not. He was behind his little abilities. Hence the introduction of what appeared to be half full movie footage. Ghosts writers and directors - many of them long ago - were called to fix this tragic flopperoo because Sarn sure he was not able to. This was what he found in those days he sat and then thought for eight hours while the crew and the whole crew (not to mention the producers and accountants) cooled their heels and waited for something, a wonderful spark of imagination, a hint of originality, a soup of wit, To break out of the brow of Zeus. Um, excuse me. No Zeus + No Silhouette + No Sparks = Millions of small dollar bills with small wings - each made of hundreds of license agreements required to use the footage - are lifted from the window. good bye. <br /> <br /> As for myself, I hated the film's clips. They misrepresented many of Sarn's words and ridiculed people whose talent - even those who did not have great skills - surpassed the director's abilities, and ultimately served to show his lack of inspiration and originality - even simple competence - compared to even the most beautiful of them.
