Anyone who even knows me remotely can tell you that I love bad movies as much as I love great movies, and I can honestly say that I finally saw one of the legendary bad films at all: the almost indescribable chaos of MYRA Breckenridge. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE's star-studded film is so bad that it remains strangely amusing from start to finish. The X-rated film about sex change and Hollywood was an absolute box-office disaster and was literally scorned by both critics and fans at the time of its release. It is not surprising that the film continues to acquire a semi-legendary status among bad film lovers, and I was actually very excited to see me finally for the first time. <br /> <br /> The director Michael Sarn (who had only two other credits from the previous credits to his name at the time), acquired a lot of the film in the end, in fact, does not seem to have had a clue about what He was trying to achieve. The film is often incoherent, with whole sequences being edited together in a half-hither way so that many scenes are almost incomprehensible. It is also irritating to use archival footage from Fox's vault and install it in the image at regular intervals. This means that there are archival footage of past movie stars such as Judy Garland and Shirley Temple filmed in modern film scenes of often angry sexual acts, and the process does not work as intended (this also caused a minor stir, as representatives such as a lawsuit against Temple and Loretta Young on the studio to use their image without permission). <br /> <br /> Saren may not have been the only one responsible for her, because the screenplay and film will make many viewers shake their heads in disbelief. For example, this movie will ask you to believe that the scary film critic Rex Reid (in his first and last film roles) could have a sex change and show up as a wonderful sex god Raquel Welch! It becomes difficult to follow the film when Welch tries while Mirra takes over a movie school from her maddened uncle (played by the legendary director John Huston), seduces a successful film girl (Farah Fawcett) and learns the evil boy at school. (Roger Hearn) studied by raping with a dildo belt. Did everyone follow that? <br /> <br /> It will be better (or worse, according to your perspective)! I have not yet mentioned the movie's top star: the legendary sex symbol of the nineties, May West! Ms. West was 77 years old when she appeared in the film (she had retired 26 years ago), and she still appears to be an enormous sex symbol because she plays a sophisticated talent agent with many men (including Tom Selick) hurling themselves By. As if this was not bad enough, the deaf West already performs two newly written songs in the middle of the film, and I think I may have endured brain damage from listening to them! <br /> <br /> Of course, none of this closely resembles anything that anyone with reasonable taste can describe as "good," but I will give MYRA BRECKINRIDGE 4 out of 10 because it has always been satisfactorily entertaining even when I He had no idea what in hell was supposed to happen. Also, most cast tries hard. In particular, Raquel is very attractive in turning her poorly written part into something meaningful that has worked alone to make the film worth watching. If it works only with a decent script and an efficient director, you may have finally got some critics of respect. <br /> <br /> The rest of the actors are also fine. John Houston (who was supposed to have taken the picture out) enjoyed funny moments, Rex Reid is not bad for non-actors, and Frost Vassette is fresh, attractive and lovable. Roger Herren was also fine, but he did not appear in another film again afterwards (I think he could not live alive being the man who was raped by Raquel Welch). As anyone would have guessed from the description above, Mae West was completely out of her mind when she agreed to make the film - but that's part of it, which makes it fun for those of us who love bad cinema.
