MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is one of those rare films that have firmly established their place in the film's history instantly. The praise for the film was nonexistent at all, even from the people involved in its making. This film was hated by the first day. From time to time, one will encounter some dissidents who will be based on philosophical (aggressive or courageous feminism to address the issue of sexual transitions), but the film did not develop a cult followed by some famous twists. It was not welcomed as a misunderstood masterpiece such as SCARFACE, or was ridiculed as classic in camps like SHOWGIRLS. <br /> <br /> There is no doubt that the reason is that the film, despite the awful awful, is not loved or loved. MERA BRECKINRIDGE is just plain. As a satire in Hollywood, she is cold-blooded and excited, but in a senseless way. Mira is taken for granted that Hollywood is a corrupt city, but goes further to attack beloved icons like Laurel and Hardy, Temple of Shirley, Judy Garland and Gary Cooper. The film seems to indicate that everything about Hollywood is by its vile nature. There seems to be something brave in its nature that makes fun of sacred cows, but it does not provide the rationale for ridicule in the first place. The film is also anti-American, anti-American, anti-American and anti-American, but in a modern fashion in the late 1960s. Such as Casino Royale; SKI-DOO, I love you Alice B. Toxlas and other hip joints, Mira is a middle-aged vision for the Hippie Youth culture. He is trying to embrace the same attitude that belittles it. But instead of self-mockery of cheerfulness, MYRA does not make any attempt to hide its disdain for everything within its grasp. Mira Breckenridge has a sense of humor; there is no single moment of innocence in them. Their intentions are not honorable. Time magazine aptly described it as "funny like child molestation," but she is not sympathetic to it. <br /> <br /> For example, the poor May West has borne a lot of criticism for a film, which is likened to everything from the aging queen to the reconstituted body of the walk. It is clear that the star of the 1980s did not know how ridiculous it seemed to play the role of a terrible talent that was desired by young men enough to be her grandchildren or even grandchildren. But director Michael Sarn knew him, but he used them anyway. why? Because, apparently, it was a joke. Just like John Huston, John Carden, Grady Sutton, Andy Devine and other veteran artists, they are only there so the film can make fun of their age and use them to smash their pictures. They are represented as self-mockery, such as Rex Reid, the arrogant critic, film critic, who is equally represented in the film. But Reed's real, hound, talk show talker, can be charming in a funny and hateful way; but as Meron, Mira changes the ego, he is just obnoxious. Again, it seems for Sarney, Reed is a joke. <br /> <br /> You see MYRA BRECKINRIDGE and you do not see representatives, you see the victims. Nothing more than Raquel Welch. No one will accuse Welch of being a great actress, but a testament to her perseverance and appeal that she survived the film and flourished her career. Having been in almost every scene, Welch was in the foreground and center as a target for misuse targeting the film, but thanks to it it performs remarkably well. Although, of course, it is between the scene of the chewing of Houston and the West Predator, Welch does not have to do much to achieve a good balance. Despite that, they make her dialogue horribly dreadful with a gleeful smile, with just a hint of good glee that would be proud of any villain of James Bond. Legend has it that Welch has been denounced by the West for being subjected to repeated verbal abuse by sarcastic director Sarn, not to mention appearing in a humiliating scene after another, making her more impressive because she was able to perform such a wonderful and complex performance. <br /> <br /> The only element in the film tries to figure out what the film's agenda is. The whole story is a fictional story, which should indicate that it has a moral to accomplish, but what might be guessing is anyone. With all her talk of destroying "the last archeological traces of the traditional masculinity of the race," she seems to have a feminist ax to grind. But as a feminist, Mira is a brutal character, a sexual predator. Besides, Mira is not a woman; she is an illusion of Meron, who is supposed to be an odd man. This may explain the scene of male rape as well as the love / hate attitude of the personality towards intelligence, which appears to be straight, Rusty, but does not explain its obsession and alleged homosexual attempt with Mary Ann Farah Fawcett. The film is sex-obsessed, but it is difficult to accuse him of sexual revolution; all sex is treated as, if not sordid, at least deviant and humiliating. The transition to the original Gore Vidal novel is not useful, because it is as confused and meaningless as the film. <br /> <br /> This is a rare film that seems to hate movies already. Not only movies as a business, but also films as part of the culture as well. The film itself is an ambiguous signal from one wall to another of old films, all of which converge with the screenplay scenario of the director with extreme disdain. He raided the cellars of the 20th century-Fox and married the film with excerpts from old films, not as a tribute or social comment, but to ridicule the old Hollywood innocence. How can the artist - if you want generously to call Sarne so - do a work of art if he hates the mediator in which he works? The effort itself is self-defeating. <br /> <br /> Mira Breckingj does not seem to support anything other than just a bad person. She hates Hollywood, hates America, hates sex, hates gay and lesbian, women, men, seniors, young people, Laurel and Hardy, well, you can call him and maybe he has a scene that shows contempt for him. In a very sad and sorry way, MYRA BRECKINRIDGE may be the first punk statement, a celebration of the nihilism of pop culture.
