I purchased a set of 4 DVDs for $ 10 in the local Suncoast, which included this movie and three other horror clicks (including the sequel to "Witchcraft XI"). So, basically paid $ 2.50 for this movie, if you do math. I can not say exactly that I broke up. I have nothing for abandoned horror movies, but this is the kind of garbage that gives trash a bad name. Budget can not exceed $ 1000 (although it looks like it spent a total of $ 1.50). I know it's a low-budget film, but that's no excuse for photography that's not quite inspiring. The film Blood Worship, though not good, was produced with a very low budget and was still fairly well illustrated and represented. The representation in this film is defined as "Effort", especially from that muscular man with a Texas accent. Everyone reads their lines pretty much off the page. You can take metaphorically or literally. I will not be surprised if the script is out of the camera during its performance. I said before that I did not see a bad English representative. This movie has quite a few bad ones. Although English movies are not always good, they always look at a level of sophistication at least, which is why I do not see why any Englishman, or Englishman, will volunteer to do a click like this home video. Has the Ivorian trader suspended his calls? Usually, I think people are very difficult in management and representatives. Even some of the worst films in Hollywood have a level of professionalism in the sections of output, acting and cinema. Even when you see a movie like "Glitter," you can not honestly say it looks like a third-grader filming those scenes (although the third-grader wrote the script). I've seen home movies filmed better than "Witchcraft X", and that's no exaggeration at all. Even the minimum is minimal because filmmakers only had money to buy some fake blood for sale in Party City. No effort has been made in making this film - let us summarize it this way. You can get the picture. There's a lot of nudity, but that does not save her. However, I must say that the girl with orange-red hair, whether naked or wearing popping clothes all over the film, is really hot! <br /> <br /> Outcome: 1 (out of 10)
