But Cinderella gets my vote, not only for the worst Disney movies for the princesses, but for the worst film the company produced during Walt's life. The music is really beautiful, and the story deserves to be called "classic". What fails in this film is the characters, especially the personal title, which can be called only "heroine" in the narrowest sense of the term. <br /> <br /> After a brief introduction, the audience is presented to Cinderella. She wakes up in the morning and sings "Dream is a wish made by your heart". This establishes them as ideal (and therefore deserves our sympathy). Unfortunately, text does not give us an idea of ​​what you're dreaming about. Freedom from the role of its servant? Respect her step family? Someone to talk to besides mice and birds? In one song (cut from the movie but shown in the Features section of the latest DVD), Cinderella wants to have a lot of them to do it more efficiently. Go girlfriend! In short, Cinderella is a very nice figure. She accepts negatively the abuse of her family and flees to her unspoken dreams of rest. She confirms herself only once by reminding her father's wife that she is still a member of the family. So, she was given permission to go to the ball if she completed her housework and found something to wear, a symbolic gesture of obvious absurdity to all except Cinderella of course. Can anyone see Belle or Jasmine like a mop? If Cinderella is boring, her male counterpart will not be insignificant. Prince Cinderella does not get a dialog box and there is hardly any time for the screen. Do not give any indication if a man is good, or if he respects Cinderella or anything. All we know is 1) is a prince and 2) dancing well. Heck, even the prince of "Snow White" got to sing a romantic song at least. This lack of romantic development does not make it less interesting; it makes Cinderella look either a social climber or an idiot, weakening its already weak attractiveness. <br /> <br /> Perhaps aware of how boring the main characters were, the cartoonists chose to give an excessive screen time for the comic relief of the movie, Cinderella Friends, Mice. Granted, these characters are amusing. However, when comic dilution steals the show from the principals, well, let's just say that your story has some problems. <br /> <br /> Dinsey likes to announce that all of her animated features are "masterpieces". While many of them, there are some who do not deserve this appeal in any way. Cinderella is a prime example of this fact.
