Steven Vazquez and co-wrote with James Townsend, the star, this strange little horror that revolves with very good thoughts and intentions: make a lesbian film that takes a different story from the usual fare and makes a drama that wants to be judged on its merits as a thriller. So why not? For starters, the film loses its direction from the opening frame and wanders aimlessly throughout the film, where he is assigned to make a teaser film but has been dedicated to pleasing audiences who want to see naked encounters. This is not a bad thing: it certainly can reinforce some of the Hollywood successes. The film also tries to talk about experiences out in young men and women, relationships, turbulent parenting, and the club scene with all the alien brutality that accompanies such events - and murder. All you have to do is enter a 96-minute movie. <br /> <br /> Devon (James Townsend) in all sections is a successful child with his good friend Gina (Sarah Kelly) but he has a boy's eye and visits a pub where he meets Brian (Alex Wilson) who was on the same track and can help Devon on each Levels. Dr Kirk Tyler, the psychiatrist of Abby Devon, is not at all apparent, and although Devon's mother is Dona's consolation (Sonia Fisher) Devon casts in the streets because of his new relationship. It seems that Dr. Tyler is in a dark job with the amazing investigator (Earl McDougall) who appears to be investigating the missing boys ... Devon collects his resources from his girlfriend, whom Gina and her friends understand, revealing the group together about Dr. Dark's work. Tyler and his detective. Through it all Donna radiates warmth and understanding as the ideal mother of a gay boy, and so on. <br /> <br /> Some actors are happy with the eye (and there is very little eye that is not scrutinized too much!) but the degree of acting is low all the time. The only thing that makes us forgive that (and in some cases the poor are too forgiving) is the sense of commitment on the part of all concerned. Yes, this is a low budget film and yes, the director needs time to learn his trade. But in the end, there is something to be said for the people involved to try to take a gay movie to a different level. Maybe the next one will be more polished. Grady harp
