... not in a good way. BASEketball is a waste of film in everything in every single way. It is offensive to all senses. This does not necessarily bother me, I've seen a lot of bad movies, bad movies already by I'll see them again. Although BASEketball is a caliber film where you regret losing 90 minutes of life while sitting. The reason why BASEketball bothers me is that he starred Trey Parker and Matt Stone in a film they did not write. No respect for David Zucker has long been exhausted. His latest sarcastic films are a lazy mess that looks and feels as if they were made by pre-puppy boys as they sneak into the jokes of the penis. "Airplane" was a very revolutionary and funny comedy, where you see BASEketball and you'll be amazed to discover that it's made by the same person. <br /> <br /> I have a lot of respect for Terry Parker and Matt Stone. These men are the smartest and most comedian entertainers of today. Their pictures and South Park rings are as relevant as they are funny. Every joke even fart jokes have intelligence behind them. It is easy to forget that there is a mature way to deal with immaturity. I imagine that BASEketball was a great growing experience for them because they hate the movie for all the right reasons. It is a stupid mess with no sense of dignity or class. Parker and Stone have fat themselves. The film plays as a 90-minute episode of Family Guy. <br /> <br /> Parker and Stone were not great actors. They were serviceable in their films. I can not really find a way to describe their performance at BASEketball, other than the fact that they feel like they are deceiving a spoofing movie by spoofing a spoof movie. Each line is delivered in a ridiculous way. It seems as if they are trying to make fun of the worst kind of images, but they are also in the same way. I remember the South Park episode "How to Eat with Your Pot", where Cartman sits in a movie theater that sees a great comedy without any plot or reasonableness except for the totality of sounds. Parker and Stone use the same sounds they did in this scene for this whole picture. It is really sad. <br /> <br /> However, this is not my problem with BASEketball. The biggest grip I have in the picture is that I sit there knowing that Parker and Stone are aware of this strange piece of text. I know that if they took the dreaded thing and prepared it, it might have been saved so much that it could be seen. There is no indication that Zucker allows them to improve the viewer as well. Parker and Stone are just tools for the bad director. BASEketball has some ridiculous concepts and I think that especially if Parker allowed him to take Zuckers text he could have explained them more. Instead we get a potty of humor. Do not rent the game BASEketball, you can laugh from watching a group of primary school students joking
