This film was given 5 of Pure Compassion. I do not intend to burst anyone's bubble, because I saw, as I pointed out through other comments, that this film is highly appreciated by many. Well, not worth any praise, I say this because I saw the original anime, Basilisk, this film very ashamed. Maybe if you see Shinobi alone, you might want to. It's fun because of the well-designed battles, which are based more on fantasy than the martial arts, and I agree that its beauty has been greatly enhanced. But the story is not like the original story. Now, I understand that when one turns anime / manga into a movie, one must make certain changes. I did not expect to see the horrible characters of the anime, although they have a solid role, some are already deep and well designed. But I certainly did not expect to see huge changes in the wrong situation, which spoiled the whole story. The characters are highly distorted and immoral, turned into something the public may love more, perhaps. For example, Oboro, who was at that time a pretty innocent girl, became in love with Gennosuke completely and strictly, the leader of the vengeful clan in the film. I liked the fact that women become strong and avoid the constraints they imposed on them in our time (we're talking about Japan, the 17th century), but her mood changes are unbelievable and poorly written. Hotarubi, who is one of my favorite characters in the film, but unknown to her childish and sensitive nature, becomes a pathetic little girl who is not just crazy like the anime, but has no value at all in the plot. I can continue, like the way they made Tenzen, the worst and most dangerous figure in the anime, unusually weak and unattractive, or how Gennosuke, the eminent figure looks out of place and completely disturbed, let alone, again WEAK. The music is beautiful and the picture is amazing, and it was expected for a Japanese film, and I appreciate it. But you do not see this if you've seen and enjoyed Basilica, because it's just hopeless. Basilik, although it is based on imagination, with elements of horror and greatly exaggeration is wonderful and has more depth in its characters, its narrative, its historical value, and I, I say, are tragic. Shinobi was a waste of time and I could not believe he continued to follow what was supposed to be his peak. Unfortunately, it hurts me hard to judge a film very harshly, but I advise you to oppose it. Please watch Anime, or at least watch the movie first, then fix your image of Basilica by watching Anime. Otherwise you will get a seizure when you realize how to beat it.
