It seems shameful that Greta Garbo ended her brilliant career at the age of 36 with this funny girl with a strange identity. Based on the success of her first romantic comedy "Ninotchka" by Ernst Lubitch (1939), ideally portrayed as a fickle Russian envoy, Garbo was reunited with her leading man, Melvin Douglas, for a story at the comedic level. Karen Burge, a ski coach at Jin-jin who is recklessly married Larry Blake, the executive director of the publishing house, when he becomes fond of it. As soon as he clarifies that work is his priority, Karen inadvertently decides to disguise as her twin sister Catherine to test her husband's sincerity when he returns to Manhattan. <br /> <br /> It is surprising that this infamous 1941 misappropriation was directed by George Kokur, who led Garbo to her greatest drama in Camel in 1937, because this is the unwanted car as one can imagine for the screen legend . Only someone with a natural sense of comfort and harm to Carol Lombard could have escaped the geniuses that were presented in the numbers script by CNN. Berman, Salka Vertel and George Oppenheimer. MGM's intention behind this comedy was to meditate and portray Garbo's image to wartime viewers who felt the studio heads were uninterested in the character of the tragic period of the 1930s. <br /> <br /> However, Garbo seems ill-tempered and often restrained as a cynical sad girl Catherine especially when compared to expert festivals such as Douglas and Constance Bennett as romantic rivals Gressilda. Garbo, unmistakably portrayed by Joseph Rottenberg, looks tired in many scenes and miserable in her haunting hairstyle of Chika-chuka. The story ends traditionally but with the addition of a long physical sequence where Larry tries to maneuver his skis on a series of mountain slopes that unfortunately remind me of the death of Sony Bono. Roland Young and Ruth Gordon (in a rare appearance at this stage of her career) appear in comic supporting roles as partners of Douglas. This movie has not yet been played on DVD, and I will not consider it a transfer priority because it represents a masterpiece in the legendary Garbo career. She was very unhappy during filming. I can see why.
