You may be a bit confused if you see this ridiculous preference from the start, because credits include Susan Dai as a "special guest star". Um, why like a one-time MOW like this has a guest star? Well, if you stick to it, you'll find yourself paying attention to things other than Miss Dae's butt, which drowns in the flamboyant bikini, while the darling of the "Bartridge family" shines on the beach that this imaginary title points to. Susanne Derier is particularly convincing when she shakes her on the camera while her sister is stricken by the palaces in the scene of a beloved killer. Sadly, Susie and her war are battling a losing battle: the TV craze that could have put this bottom at the top has been stopped for three years, so this beautiful booty has a supportive role. In 1976, Fred Fred Silverman had put it in the foreground, and used the tape as Susan's test strip for Charlie's Angels. As it was, Susan was deprived of the immortality of cheesecake and we had to settle into a highly commendable profession as she played gangster women. <br /> <br /> It can not be said that the view beyond Susan Henny is not very convincing. The beautiful scene, filmed in a strange, misty way fools you for a short while to think that there might be some strange creative wit in the action behind the camera. Both. It's just a 1970s-style movie that was specifically designed for suspense, which allowed weekly series stars to earn extra cash (and collect some of the remnants of the cables, although they obviously did not know at the time) and show their "collection." "We are dealing with a nuclear family on television, we are confronted with TV thugs who can not decide whether they are a motorcycle band or a Hippie cult (so the filmmakers divided the teams by putting them in sand dunes) and never learned The main lessons in 1970s television: Do not mess with Denis Weaver (see "McCloud" and "Duel.") The only possibility of depth in this film is the character of her previously mentioned teenage son of Steve, who has long forgotten Christopheur Tabori, Be rebellious and turbulent and may feel a bit tired But Steve, also played the role of Tabori (gosh, why have not we seen more than this?), Is really just angry and moody and does not contradict anyone when D becomes serious and paints A mistake in the ideals (and literal) of the sand, for those who are deprived of sleep and Susan Denyaks (there must be some of you only).
