When this movie is played on the TV, you may want to save about 90 minutes of your time and change the channel. There is nothing special here that you need to see. The story revolves around two married couples from Arkansas going on a trip together to Reno. The first couple is Loney Earl Dodd (Billy Bob Thornton), a car dealer who has problems with his marriage. His wife is Darlene (Natasha Richardson) and has a weak view of herself and has not been intimate for a long time. Lone sleeps with Candy (Charlize Theron), wife of his best friend Roy Kirkendale (Patrick Soezzy). They all drive to Renault and the four are housed in one luxurious suite. Roy and Candy try to have a baby and Candy finds out she is pregnant. But Roy contacted his doctor in Arkansas and discovered that he was sterile. Candy and Lonnie admit their relationship, and now the whole trip is in chaos. This film by Jordan Brady has made some other low-budget films, but this is his first film with this admiration. Unfortunately, Brady does show a lot of comic taste but you can not blame him. This script is not funny and one of the stark problems is that all the characters are written up to the level of the sitcom. Just because they are all from the south does not mean they should be naive and stupid. Thornton does not enjoy the sophistication that makes the head of the Belboy more than a dollar. The character of Swizzie is called stupid and dumb by everyone throughout the film and comes one of the rare good moments when everyone is asked to dispense with it for at least one day. Penelope Cruz emerges as a prostitute, a veil of no value or meaning. It barely speaks more than 3 or 4 lines! I think she was fulfilling her obligations to Harvey and Bob Weinstein, the executive producers of this film. The only person who is not bad is Richardson. We see her become more confident in herself, but this plot in the film is very clear and smiling. All these actors should know better and it's hard to read them all and read the script. It's a complete waste of time for these representatives, but at least they got money. As for viewers, do not get paid, so skip this!
