Slackers is just another teen movie not worth watching. Dave (Devon Sawa) and Sam (Jason Seagull) and Jeff (Michael C. Marona) are about to graduate from Holden University with honors in lying, cheating and planning. His three colleagues in the room cheated with pride during the last four years of college, and now, during the final exams, these big men on campus are about to collapse by the most likely dude in school. The plot is very stupid and there is no reason to watch this unless you are looking to close your mind for a short time. Slackers is just a predictable teen flick that adds nothing new to this genre. Comedy in Slackers either be successful or missing but there is no real funny or real moment in the movie. It's really just a bunch of gags and some are actually funny. Although every joke works, there are at least eight other not working. The scenario is full of penis and breast jokes that some high school and college students may enjoy. Even if they do, they probably will not remember this movie soon because it's an unforgettable comedy. Jason Schwartzman plays the terrible role of Ethan and, after appearing in some good comedy films, is somewhat descended Jaime King and Devon Sawa are other major stars but they do a rather bad job in this film. This is directed by Dewey Knicks, and this is his first film so you can not blame him too much. Perhaps the most entertaining character of Laura Prebon, but she is not in the film very much. The film is very short, only 86 minutes long, and this may be too long for some people who do not like this kind of humor. Slackers is not the worst film in 2002, but it is definitely below average. When compared to other films in this genre, there is much better like "Not Another Teen Movie", American Pie, and its sequels, Scary Movie 1 & 2, and so on. So, unless you have watched most of them and you are looking for something new then Slackers may fit with the bill but the best if you see something else. Rating 4.3 / 10 is below the average teen comedy that is worth skipping.
