There are a lot of films that set release dates, only to be pulled out of distribution because of legal snafu of some kind, then put in oblivion for a long time. You can only wish a corrupt film like "Slackers" stayed in a coma for what is worth, which is very small. The release dates have been constantly changed for this really horrible film which is raking on the radar as well. The premise begins under the guise of Ethan, the nerd scurrying a horrifying nightmare of the Angela campus bomb. Ethan evokes David's help and his friends who scammed the whole school while extorting to help win Angela. I do not like to give spoilers, but to expose such a thing, I can exclude. Angela falls for David, and Ethan connects everything deliberately, and wins well. This is what happens briefly to replenish another tired of the total type of teenagers. Hilarious humor is funny, it has always been back to the days of the classic "Animal House", to contemporary examples like "There's Something About Mary" and "Road Trip" among dozens of others, many of whom are male. But when you use it as a plot point, you can only get pretty much, for example, Ethan has an angel doll made up of her individual hair strings that God knows what. No one wants to witness watching Ethan as he urinates during the shower as he sings to himself. No one wants to watch a young man sing "She'll come around the mountain" with a sock on his penis. But nothing can prepare you for a full-blown attack to see the 50-year-old Mami, who is raising her breasts at the age of 71. I do not know whether the lack of cohesion in the story, which is limited to the scenes of no sense at all. The director was former fashion photographer Dewey Knicks, and after reviewing this film, you can only wish to return to the profession. The worst thing you can do in any movie is to make it look like you're enjoying yourself, because you are detracting from your goals, just like Slackers, by burying his outline under a pile of huge gags, meaningless short articles, and non-construction. It looks as if a group of college students were drunk, took their camcorder, and shot a bunch of random crap and gathered them together. If you want to see a teen comedy that shows it's really good, I suggest "American pancake" and "animal house", or "road trip", just something fun, not so bad as the "slackers". Coincidentally, Cameron Diaz portrays a veil in this film, just as she did in another bad film like "The Sweetest Thing," where the story treats humor like another plot, rather than a device much like this disaster. At your local video store, keep walking, and let it end at the bottom of the rack as it is worth.
