I do not usually write a comment when there are lots of other comments but this time I feel compelled to do so. I talked about taste in another review, saying that everything is in the eye of the beholder, but when it comes to this film, if you like it, it simply means that you have a bad taste. <br /> <br /> I love movies. I loved "The Island of the Dead," a largely unknown B & W film. I liked "Screaming" and "Scary Movie" I liked these films because they, if not many, at least something good about them. I appreciate 99.9% of the films I saw because they tell a story I've never heard before, and most of the directors make films with a good story. Throughout this film I was thinking "Where does this go?" (Even near the end) "Where did they get these horrible items from?" "Was it supposed to be a joke?" Like this. With this clear shift looming, I was skeptical, but I hope to "make" the film and prove that I have not wasted my time. I was wrong unfortunately. The story was bad at first, and the evolution of reality shattered any glimmer of hope there. Here's the rundown: Story? Much like the first film, which was fine, this film is slow and sparse with no audience connection to characters or attitudes. The positions are shabby, shallow, boring and quite predictable. This was a terrible development, did not make me feel anything like excitement or WOW. Just "my God". There was nothing in the bulk of the film you could look at and believe that "Oooo was not that smart" because it was not. In the "Fight Club", there are eventually memories of bits of memories where the real Tyler's identity was hidden, and when I saw her again I saw more, it was really a genius, how it was written, planned and directed. This was a senseless attempt at a wonderful development. I thought it was "evil things" like the double development is very poor and I still love the film because the rest was fine and it was not very difficult to have a great twist. Like the CI2 writer thinks it will become the best evolution ever. But in fact, it's just a bad story with a bad development lying in the end. The film ended almost immediately, with the full accumulation of the film resulting from the entire Sebastian story, and this meant nothing and an awful end and unfair ending with the end of a young and innocent acting girl. the acting ?? The actors in this film are appalling. Almost a bad "sunset beach". - Very tacky and bad performance. It's not too bad it's as good as a "big piece". The worst thing I thought was Amy Adams, who played Kathryn's role. It was a rigid, pathetic and ill-conceived performance. Robin Dan was also poor. I have not seen "American Psycho II" yet, but his comfortable "gentle" style has also ruined this film. <br /> <br /> I can not even say it's a good movie for young people, as it is not. If my son or daughter loved this film, I would be ashamed. But they will not do it anyway, because they will take into account all the things that make a good film, and this film does not contain anything. really. I am disappointed that some have said "may not be in the age group of this movie, I do not like it" I love all the movies now that I loved as a teenager and I have a very good taste. Also, do you really think that when you reach 20 years you do not suddenly love any teen story lines? No, I liked "Mean Girls" and other general teen movies, and watched "Beverly Hills 90210" all the time. There is no excuse for weak guidance, representation and scenario. Moreover, I was at 16/17 when I first saw her. If anything, aging makes you the best ruler in a terrible movie. I can not believe that anyone can give it 10/10 too, one of my favorite movies is "Memento" and I gave it 9 as I know it could be better. It's a shame on this site that people do it, give ten years radically, or do not get movies / show, and then give it 2. <br /> <br /> Anyone who likes this movie should really change its taste, Perhaps their lives, and with this we realize that this is the worst film ever. (Worse than "Loch Ness") <br /> <br /> If you are not a bad-tempered teenager, or simply do not have bad taste, you will hate this movie altogether.
