Well, usually I'm not harsh on the disciples, especially if the first film was good and it was a good film in the end. For 1999, I felt that one of the top five films was a harsh intent. It all contained a must have for a wonderful movie except for an original story, where it was quoted from a still good novel. On to Cruel Intentions 2 which was supposed to actually be just the opening of a series based on a film called Manchester Prep. Which should not happen. In fact after seeing this trivial film I can understand. Before it started, I was at least like writer and director Roger Campbell did it too. Well 1 minute in this movie I was disappointed. Begins with the re-opening of the original with the emergence of a different Sebastien instead of putting his daughter's nude picture shrunk on the Internet as he puts the wife of the school principals in the nude school guide. This could have been good if the lady was not like fifty. Basically the remainder of the film is a carbon copy of the original Wavy. Which I understand if there is nothing wrong with it, leave it as it was. But you can not do that with a movie. In fact, she was given a chance just to see how they looked like they did in Part 1. But with Sebastian being more or less being just a joke and Katherine being herself and turning Sebastien into a sexual predator was in a real story, this film has no basis. From casting on this thing was elusive. They may have tried at least to get people who look like original actors but no, they hired a group of actors who did not really look good. I use this term even though I do not know why. Surely they did not do anything in this film. <br /> <br /> The whole movie is a set of lines that do not match the intelligence that the original had, as did some of them but that just because they are part 1. There was another bad point in the first part you can understand the need She had to work for attention because there was no involvement from the parents who took part in it and they used it badly, as if she were explaining why children like this. Did not work. The best thing about the origin is that the team had a chemistry that took you to this world. The tension on the screen that was there made the film what it was. This thing really destroys the first experience of a single stay in this way.
