I have no idea what it could be on the ground, or outside it, what made Sam Merovic think that this would be a legitimate project worth doing. Ben & Arthur is one of the worst films ever produced. In fact, I see no reason for not being ranked first in the bottom 100. Because although I have not seen, for example, SuperBabies: Baby Geniuses 2 (No. 5 at the time of this publication), I risk the guess that this movie is much better Of this skinny wound, because even in the least melancholy gloom, Baby Geniuses 2 was professionally made. By contrast, everything, I mean everything, in this film is completely unprofessional. <br /> <br /> The film aims to be an attack on the alleged intolerance of the Christian Right and its hatred of homosexuals. I emphasize "intended." Not only does it fail completely and completely in its purpose, it leaves an ugly scar as well. Instead of creating a convincing and realistic picture of the struggle of gay couples against a society that largely opposes them, it creates stereotypical and tiring stereotypes of each interested party. Ben and Arthur, the couple with the same name, are portrayed as sex-hungry scraps of paper, desperate desperate romances marry when laws change to allow them to do so. This meets with the opposition of the brother of Ben Victor, a Christian minister, like all Christians (as this film may believe us), is loud, opposite, stupid, and violent. Trying to kill Ben and Arthur after being expelled from their relationship with the ministry. Just as in real life. If you think this is horrible (it is), you do not see everything. <br /> <br /> The actors (?) here succeed in destroying any residue of credibility in this film entirely by saying their lines as if they were a comedy video on YouTube. But even Daniel Day Lewis and Marlon Brando as title characters could have cleared the cache, because there is still the laughable and laughable discussion that fills every minute of the film. Each scene has one embarrassing or misplaced quotation. For example, in one scene, Victor tries to complain about his inability to have daughters or sisters because of his brother's homosexuality. But instead of clearly portraying this idea, the stupid and utterly confusing line, which seems naïve, spits out, "You know what, I will never get a sister or nephews, well, because you are f *** ed UP!" > More clearly is the total lack of production values. Yes, I know this is not a Dark Knight game, but even amateur filmmakers should know some basics about special effects and editing. For example, six dots of red cake are not enough for realistic lead wounds. People do not move through a room between takes. Objects do not fall forward when shooting! <br /> <br /> Do not waste your money on Ben & Arthur. I do not care if you are 7, 17 or 107. I do not care if you are gay, straight, bi, or have not decided. I do not care if you are "just curious". I do not care what pathetic reason you might have to tempt him to buy this manure pile. Stay away from the quality of this movie recovery only is its ability to use frisbee.
