Holy crap this movie was bad. I only saw it as a joke. It is not so bad that it is inadvertently good. This film seems designed to make me angry personally. Really worked really well in doing so. It seems as if the people who have done this have taken all the really annoying stuff about PRIEST, which was added to a group of ugly men, and they drew anything interesting, funny or even remotely sensual and polite from the fabrication, then they added in a handful of cheese Old rotten. That's all this. cheese. There is not one person this movie can contact. There is no world where this movie can happen. Why can not such a movie just enjoy life and happiness? Why should they make this stupid idea for a film even more ridiculous than it really is? Why could not they at least try to make it a good movie, or even a movie B. Now I have thought about it, what were they trying to do with this film? I watched her and I expected an exciting love story. Instead she got a boring student project about an idiot who had to find the strength and courage to marry a friend while his annoying Christian brother tried to destroy everything !!! no I'm not joking. That's what's going on around him. Is this sound good? This film is very ignorant against the followers of the Christian religion, as it portrays all Christians in a loud and shameless voice in making as many people as possible miserable. Many Christians I know will not speak or act like such freaks. The film, however, is just unfair and ignorant to the gay community too. These guys must be homosexuals who make tastes since the guy who works on the radio station started this video game ROADKILL. It's so annoying and so annoying that I was not able to pay full attention to this film. The train wreckers did not have any strategy for designing a set, representation, camera angles, lighting, scenario, originality, or idea to make it fun or fun. There is not even one sexual scene, or at least not a reasonable scene. Jimmy Britt Jable was the only man in the movie who looked good at all, but his good looks were a pity. This is garbage. In an ideal world, this movie will get 0.0 votes. Worth 0 as a film alone. The mentally disabled, blind and deaf nun with very small arms and legs that have her face on her armpit can write a better film, guide and produce it, and may be a better actress. The fact that this film is a crime against the word "film" itself. This film is so bad that other films should be ashamed of its availability in the same water format. I can put a broom on a chair and then record it with a camera and then stop the movie and then replace it with a small tree then record it and you have already made a movie that is always better than BEN & Arthur at least half. There are only two things worse than death. Torture and watching Ben Arthur. I'm gay, and I'd probably be the homely person I've ever met if she met me, and I do not think I've ever been insulted by a fuller film than I was in the first five seconds of this film alone. If this is a mistake, I'll personally find a way to change the famous phrase "It's okay to make mistakes" to "It's okay to make mistakes unless it's BEN & ARTHUR." You know how people always say things like "good things come out of it all!" I think BEN & ARTHUR was invented so basically that there could be something on this earth that would not get anything good out of it. Calling this movie the worst movie I've ever seen would give him a lot of credit. It looks as if this movie has been designed to qualify in its own category. There are good movies, there are bad movies, then there BEN & ARTHUR. This is Ben Arthur.
