I am intrigued by the summary (every gay video these days has a big piece on the cover, this is not necessarily to be interpreted as a good sign) I bought BEN AND ARTHUR without knowing anything about it. This is the second time (I assure you it will be the last purchase) for CULTURE Q CONNECTION. As far as I'm concerned, this DVD is only a blatant rip. I do not make this note slight? I am a major collector of videos, gay and mainstream, and I can recall with some power and without hesitation that BEN AND ARTHUR is simply the worst film I have ever seen. interval. My collection boasts more than 1600 films (93% of them on DVD), including more than 300 gay and lesbian films. I do not own any gay movie ever, but I'm comfortable saying I buy pretty much almost every gay video being released, and I often buy videos without knowing anything about the film. Sometimes, this is a pleasant surprise - Aimee & Jaguar, It's In The Water, Urbania, and Normal are all examples of excellent gay titles that I found accidentally. So when I read in the box that Ben Arthur was concerned about a conflict between gay and Christian lovers, one of my favorite subjects, I decided to take the unseen scene, despite my previously disappointing purchase of another title entitled "The Culture of Communication", insights from Sugar PLUMS. This movie was very bad, but compared to BEN AND ARTHUR, it looked like it went with the WIND. So what's wrong with Ben Arthur? Abundance! First of all, the "plot" was as it was, totally silly. This film made me almost sympathetic to the Christian Right? We are asked not only to believe that the Church will expel a member because his brother is gay, but a priest will actually execute the mob style of homosexual couples in order to save their lives (such a thing is even logical). The writing is so poor that many scenes are meaningless at all, and many plot points do not reflect any logic, follow-up or link to the story. Murder and violence seem to be acceptable ends to the gay right-wing activist's dispute on both sides, and the behavior is so bad that it is hard to imagine how anyone was hired in this film. The characters that are supposed to be straight are almost no exception almost gay - and Nelly's stereotypes to take off; homosexual characters are neither exciting nor interesting. This film is enough to keep anyone from buying videos of a gay nature forever, and distributors should be ashamed of themselves. The only advantage of this image on my other purchases of CULTURE Q Connection, SUGARPLAMS, is that this image has soundtrack with clear dialogue. It is almost indistinguishable, because the script is so unclear that understanding the script only makes you more aware of how dangerous this movie is. It is embarrassing for the culture of Queer, and I intend to warn everyone before I can waste their money on it. At $ 9.95 this movie was overrated. I realized that there would soon be a re-pricing of less than $ 20, the theft of STILL. I paid the original price of $ 29.95, and I never felt cheated in my life. The only true laughter caller with this drivel is the reviews? I have seen User Reviews of this film on many websites, and there are always one or two "praises" by the director / writer / actor in a way that makes it clear that the references are friend to Ed Wood wannabe. How sad this is. How desperate. I just want you to allow IMDb to set zero stars - or even zero minus. If the movie is worth it, then that is it.
