If there is a movie worth 0 out of 10, then it will be. "House of the Dead" redefines the term "bad film". Other bad films, such as "when you call a stranger" or "obsessed", will actually look much better than "The House of the Dead." The "plot" of the House of the Dead is a collection of twenty something that travels to a remote island to attend the "delirium of the century". When they arrive there, they find only some tents, a tavern, a stage and some deadly shirts. They decide to stay anyway and are soon attacked by the zombie. <br /> <br /> There is nothing at all retrieving this movie. It's not amusing. Instead, it is painful to see it because of how terrible it is. The representation is incredibly bad. In an interview with DVD, one actor claimed that director Uwe Boll was not afraid to tell someone while doing a good job or doing something wrong in a scene. This is a blatant lie. The script appears to have been written by an 11-year-old man who has decided to include a scene on a girl's chest that includes a line of joy. "It smells like a smiling person here." Personal characters have no personality or depth and do some of the most thorny things in the horror film. Somewhere along the way, the characters are also magically transformed into a SWAT team to take down the zombie. It seems as if they do not even have to direct their weapons and automatically shoot the zombie in the head. <br /> <br /> The most frightening thing about this film is the output. There is something wrong with Uwe Boll. The camera's work is surprisingly broken. Its equivalents to the zombie that pass through the jungle are more ridiculous than the threat. Worse yet, Paul already thought it would be good to include small parts of the House of the Dead video footage in the film. Often, and most of the time random, you'll suddenly see a zombie animation get fired. This makes no sense. No one in his right mind thinks this was a good idea. It's like Boll wants to remind us over and over that this movie is supposed to be built on a video game. Uwe Boll also decided that it would be nice to include slow shots of slow motion 360 degrees during motion scenes, the "matrix". Unfortunately, he does so much, and every shot is nauseated. The soundtrack to this film also baffles the mind. Most of the action scenes are accompanied by a rap track aloud. This also adds to the headaches that followed because of the brutal "House of the Dead." <br /> <br /> "House of the Dead" is not bad because it depends on a video game. In fact, it has nothing to do with the video game. It also does not fit into the category of "so bad that it is good". However, it fits into the category "so bad it is painful". This movie only sucks plain. Uwe Boll should never be allowed anywhere near another set of movies. Even his presence will curse production. To all the directors there: When one of your films gets a bad review, all you have to do is remember that you did not make the movie "House of the Dead" and you will feel much better. I will not get those 90 minutes of my life again. In short, words can not describe how bad this film is. Everyone involved in the production of this film, especially Uwe Boll, should be ashamed of themselves. Although what I said might make the voice of "The House of the Dead" funny, it is not. Nothing is funny. Avoid this at all costs.
