Well, I'm not a big video game fan, but was House of the Dead really famous enough to make a movie from? Sure, they've gone even further in making really fast videos all over the film, as if they were justifying any particular scene of violence, but there are dozens of games that look exactly the same, with a hand at the bottom of the screen, presumably Be your own, hold on to any weapon and defeat all sorts of aliens or walk dead or snipers or whatever. <br /> <br /> It is a wonderful introduction to the House of the Dead, with lots of college college (as it was, kids who could pay some fishermen for only $ 1500 to ride after their boat missed them) The island is supposed to be a general delirium. The first thing that comes to mind about House of the Dead after watching is that it has become increasingly clear that modern horror films have become more than an exercise in inventing innovative ways to bring many teenagers who wear tight clothes to the same positions. In this case at least, the fact that they were on their way to delirium relieves the way girls wear. She looks bad in the wrong place as she wanders through the forest in nice little peaks, but at least they were dressed for the occasion. <br /> <br /> Clint Howard, the most interesting character in the film by far, offers a very awful performance, his greatness that overshadows every other actor in the film. I can not stand when famous actors change their dialects in films, and rarely is that effective. Howard shows here that it is also equal to a famous actor pretending to be this hard-boiled hunter with years of wheezing breath. It was not even a rasp well. It looked as if he was eating a cinnamon roll before shooting and accidentally inhaled some sugar or any powder. A real tough there, Clint! I was expecting him more, but again, he agreed to part of this mess. <br /> <br /> As soon as we arrive on the island, the movie temporarily turns into one of the 13 Friday films that took place at Camp Crystal Lake. Many teenagers who played by actors who were much older for their nude parts were then killed. I think nudity was impressive, but to look at it for a minute. These children are paying nearly two big payments to go out to this island to go to Rave of the Year, find NO ONE and say, well, who wants beer! Even the person who pulled that group out of the hundreds of his wallet to bring her there did not think of anything they found complete and not a single person in sight. Here you have input from Uwe Boll Outlet - There is Alcohol! They will not notice that the ceremony they attended does not consist of one person! <br /> <br /> So, they do not just start drinking, and do not mind that the whole party seems to have cleared the island, but when one of the girls goes out into the dark forest to find out where everyone is (another girl and one of the men grudgingly drag) , Decides the man and girl that stayed behind to break it would be a wonderful idea to strip off a quick peek now that they are alone. It seems as if they expect to find the island empty, and now that the people who have come with them have stayed for a short while, they will have some privacy because there is no other person around them. Wonderful! <br /> <br /> Now on the things that everyone hates, based on the ratings you've read about the film. Yes, translate footage from the video game into the movie, mostly in order to show that, yes, the movie was sincere / to copy the video game directly. Sure, it was a stupid idea. I can not imagine who thought of that small block, but what's worse is the time-shot bullet-like scenes that have been put up again and again. After the first time (at this point I found it humming and cheese for a movie like this to have a shot like this as if it were something original), but it is more noticeable for the shot technique itself rather than any sensational meaning or creating any kind of tension for the film. <br /> <br /> One of the things that makes a zombie film scary and makes you at the edge of your seat is to get it slowly but relentlessly after living humans, who are much faster but tired, running out of places to run, Things that fight the zombie with it. The first two are performed directly in the film, the children are terrified and they do not have many places to run because they are on an island, but since they boarded a journey with a smuggler, they found themselves armed with heavy weapons. I mean that strongly. I mean, these people have everything from guns to grenades, which removes most of the impending tension of the dead. <br /> <br /> Then you have what I call a techno-placher scene. Since the rave has never happened, I think Uwe Boll thought people would be disappointed that they did not hear any techno music in the film. There is one scene in the middle where all the living mortals are fighting, and surprisingly enough to turn into something of video and music. There is a musical explosion where the footage is released together faster and faster so that it is only a shot of brilliant shots, most of them only about 5 frames (about 1/6 of a second) flashing across the screen in time with the Music Speed ​​technology. I think it's clever, but nowhere in the horror film because it completely eliminates any feeling of scarcity or even tension of the overall effect because you can not see anything one long enough to answer it. You just see these shots flying across the screen and wondering what hell was thinking when he decided it would be good to put something like that in the movie. <br /> <br /> A lot of people like this movie with Resident Evil, and they often claim to copy their hypothesis, and they are absolutely right. I estimate that at least here, as in Resident Evil, it was not some human-made viruses that made people walk dead and were able to infect other people and change the way vampires turned into vampires. 28 days later was also a clear inspiration for this film. It is very bad that House of the Dead did not do anything original, except for the somewhat moral idea of ​​making quick shots of video games on which it is based, just in case you forget. I really think it should have been a much better film. Although I can not say I know much about the game that relies on it, the title and the film label deserve a much better film, but unfortunately I think that is often the case with horror movies. It is really sad when a movie is shown clearly as a horror film that does not prevent it from being restricted. The most frightening part of the entire film is the closing shot, indicating the possibility of a sequence.
