Lynn Hollister, a small town attorney, travels to the nearby big city on a business trip linked to the death of his friend Johnny. (Yes, Lin is a man despite the Christian name that seems feminine.) Was the screenwriter trying to point out the fact that John Wayne's birth name was Marion?) Hollister initially believed that Johnny's death was an accident, but soon realized Johnny was killed . More investigations reveal the existence of a network of corruption, crime and electoral fraud linked to Bruce Cameron, the main light in the city's political system. The Noir film style which began to be popular in 1941. Not so. "Man Treason", despite its theme, is more like a light romantic comedy than a crime drama. Hollister is in love with Cameron's attractive daughter, and the film then focuses on their romantic relationship as with the suspicious elements. drama. One reviewer says John Wayne is not a lover at all, but he could not play the role of cowboy in every film, and there may have been a tough crusader lawyer taking organized crime forces inside the compass. I agree with this reference when he says that Wayne was not an imitator for Kari Grant. A romantic comedy just was not in his street. One weakness of the studio system is that actors can be asked to play any role their superiors ask, regardless of whether it is on the street or not. Just as Wayne was one of the few major stars working for Republic Pictures, he obviously wanted to get as many as possible Miles of it. <br /> <br /> However, Carrie Grant himself could not have made "The Man of Betrayal" a comedy. This is not a reflection of his comic talent. It is a reflection of the complete lack of amusing material in this film. I doubt that anyone, no matter how well he feels sense of humor, can find something to laugh at. Do not make a luscious movie tone a successful comedy; only prevents it from being taken seriously like anything else. This is one of those films that are neither fish nor meat nor bird nor a good red herring. 10/03
