First, I knew nothing about "labyrinths and monsters" before I saw him. I had no knowledge of the role-playing controversy behind him or the fact that it was a film made specifically for television. When I looked at the cover (the updated DVD) I seriously thought it would be another fantastical adventure like "The Legend", with Tom Hank as a nude hero of the 1980s entering a mythical world to save a princess from an evil maze filled with monsters. Sounds exciting, right? This is what gives you the feeling at first glance. I have given this film as a gift, obviously under the same premise because my aunt knew I was in motion movies with the theme of the medieval legend. He has Tom Hanks, one of my favorite representatives. That's why this film has come out, and I expect a great film with Tom Hanks in a special influences world in the 1980s that would be useful for laughter. <br /> <br /> No! None of this happens. Now before I complete I will confess, I'm a nerd but I have no interest in role-playing. That's all about this film so my interest in the content is lukewarm at best. And M & M (copyright infringement?) Is not even a good film based on role-playing and it's a lovable maniac who uses their imagination to enter a world of stunnedness. No! It is an anti-role-playing film that must be made by some religious people (the same people who also believe that Barney is the devil's work). I understand, Satan is a coquettish fellow but I do not think he is desperate enough to calm the spirit of the RPG fans in his cult. This movie is an anti-film player. This is what I get from this film: it hates a RPG and not only makes fun of people who play role-playing, but makes poor Tom Hanks mentally ill. <br /> <br /> Tom had an excuse to talk to a volleyball in 'Castaway', he was the poor guy alone, but Tom ridiculed madness one way or another and literally saw volleyball as a likable character through Tom's good acting. I wish I had seen this film instead. In this film, Tom is attacked by a dragon sincerity creature (looks like a bad mascot for an RPG team) and has a creepy figure at best. Tom acts just to make you feel bad for his personality and nothing else. I understood that the poor man had lost his brother and was not right in his head because of him, so the film wins points for being intentionally tragic. I'm not a film for mental illness films, and it made me the end of "M & M" I feel like cr * p. Luckily I watched "Hudson Hook" after that and got a good laugh before crushing my soul. Yah, 'HH' overrides 'M & M' by. . . a lot! This is not one of Tom's best movies. In fact, it's the most frustrating film I've ever seen in a movie (even "Saving Ryan's Soldier" is not that depressed). I walked in the hope of watching a wonderful movie and felt quite the opposite. If you want to watch a sad movie (emotionally and visually), you can watch it by all means. If this movie conveys a message, it is: "Do not play RPGs if you are Cuckoo for Coco-Puffs."
