The psychology of this film is really strange to try to discover. It is often described as an anti-RPG movie, but in fact it is not that simple. Here are some obvious contradictions that make me wonder only what (if anything) they are trying to tell him about the games. <br /> <br /> They strongly offer all the characters who live in the house by definition, all of whom have parents of divorcees, alcoholics, and those who have nothing to do with their lives except the times they are pressing hard to succeed. Tom Hanks is worse off, has just failed to get out of another school and is still dealing with a brother who has disappeared and may be dead. <br /> <br /> We have mentioned several times that they are playing the game to solve problems in their real lives. And certainly, in the end, when they go to see Ruby (Hanks), they are all happy and well-adjusted, they started their own adult careers, solved problems, and kicked out games (Daniel did not even want to design more gaming computer), even Robbie's mother, Always drunk and unhappy, she is suddenly a happy housewife, and looks fresh and bright flowers and arrange. <br /> <br /> Certainly, JJ suddenly decides (and with great delight) suicide, but the reason seems to be entirely because he is a genius and a single son can not get an appointment, not because of his character dies, as in the famous Jack Cheek channel After all, he seems to do it deliberately so that he can finish Daniels' game and make everyone come in. In fact, the prospect of playing the live movement in the caves seems to be the only thing that saves him from killing himself!) And in what may be the coolest Scene scenes In the entire film, Kate, looking to fetch in a mail series, looks at the camera directly and says something like, "The coolest monsters are the hill K in our minds. " <br /> <br /> The most fantastic element in this film is that two criminals pass the rich couple so they can steal the homeless man's homeless man from his magic pills. The recurring theme ("the way we were" in the 1980s) may have been influential in the end, but as a way to start a movie, it is quite frustrating and seems misplaced. For one final reason, our hero, wearing a full-bodied Pardu regalia, has a psychotic break, becomes fully in character and begins his quest, so of course the first thing he does is switch to street clothes from the 20th century. <br /> <br /> So maybe the film is irrational, but I think it's dealing with an irrational theme. In those days, there were a group of children with polluted dice and pencils that they might own and could become mad if they talked about Mumbo jumbo. The anti-game paranoia is largely summarized in the first scene, where the police reporter asks what is happening. The policeman says that the children have lost in the tunnels and there is a chance involved in the Maze and Monsters game. The reporter admits that he has a vague knowledge of the game (although he allows his children to play it), then turns to the camera and meets with a polished game that blames the game for everything and admits no possibility of another interpretation. In the end, no masterpiece, but impressive when you go movies dedicated to television.
