A few weeks ago, the German broadcaster SAT1 announced that this movie was "TV-Event of the year" - sorry, but I saw better things on television this year. <br /> <br /> I did not think much about the film, but I soon remembered two other terrifying films when I saw the commercial movie - Titanic and Pearl Harbor because the picture looked very familiar: "Heroine" (if I could really call it). The middle and her two "loved ones" next to her - Pearl Harbor, anyone? In fact, the story of love is a copy of a poor man from those in Pearl Harbor and that was already poor! <br /> <br /> But while I love watching movies and analyzing their patterns, I finally decide to watch that trash. The film begins with a doctor leaving his family for a military strike against Russia near the end of the Third Reich and promised his wife to return. Now quickly to the spring of 1948: Germany lost the war and Russia took over Russia and tried to eliminate each other for global power and their ideologies: capitalism versus communism. Well, I think you already know the story because you have to know it - the film does not bother her much and literally deals with historical facts. The film attempts to depict the US government as angels and completely ignores the contribution of other nations through the airlift, especially Great Britain, which was responsible for a quarter of the rations despite the bombing of their country by a country they were trying to help. <br /> <br /> What was so disturbing was the historical remarks people made in the film, when the heroine's mother told her daughter that Germany might split from two colds like "This is impossible!" Or, when Stalin says (where the director thought we would stick to Sharpe in a similar way to the actor and he would look like him), Russia should prevent Coca-Cola from spreading in Germany. Yes, yes, if Stalin had said something like that. Or is there one American pilot telling his colleague about meat-baked meat and everything possible in it - please! WAY burgers were invented before that time. <br /> <br /> In the film, I once saw a map showing airlines, and the map looks interesting enough that it came straight out of a laser printer - in 1948. General Lucius Clay, who was the main idea of ​​staying in Berlin, A fickle and angry man and all the ideas he historically loved for example air transport and the improvement of that idea came from the fictional character Philip Turner, love the main actress's attention that leads me to other aspects: there are not enough African-American soldiers in the film, The whole movie! As did not allow the relations between American soldiers and German civilians and through the disclosure of such a relationship, the US soldier was sent home. I do not want to say that there are no relationships at all, but in this film, there were almost married couple, if not for the death of the pilot in his fake CGI plane that seemed largely unrealistic especially CGI shooting! <br /> <br /> If this is not enough, all the Americans in this film will speak of the German language, although they were in Germany for only a few months - see, I also live in Germany for a lifetime and even I have a small tone. It was remarkably bad for the child who was acting - the children had two expressions on their faces: "Normal - I am like a monotony - like - a robot" and a broad smile. <br /> <br /> The entire movie was boring from start to finish moving very slow especially the love story that was the same in Pearl Harbor with only half the dialogue. The sad part is that the film was a great success - it saw 8.97 million part one and 7.83 million in the second part a day later, thus SAT1 won two consecutive wins in the overall market share and a big win in the related business group. But as I always think: the biggest pile of bullfight is where most flies go.
