First, I would like to mention that I really enjoyed the former ISHII Katsuhito film "Samehada Otoko for Momojiri Onna" ("Shark Skin Man and Peach Hip Girl"). Although it is a pagan city for Trentino's "Pulp Fiction", Ishii has had the task of conveying the story, and the entire film is full of energy. The scenes between Asano Tadanobu and Gashwin Tatsuya were particularly interesting. There was movement, intrigue, strange descriptions, enough sex to keep things interesting, and a completely unpredictable story line. <br /> <br /> So, I started with a certain amount of anticipation and optimism. "My enthusiasm was certainly full of the opening credits that left my wife and I was really amazed at how dynamic and idealistic she was: the mix of anime work and the wonderful live movement!" Then, the actual film began. The whole movie takes place in three rooms, one of which is the future voyeur's paradise (borrowed a little from "Shark Skin Man ...") and the other is A travel agent's office, and the third (and most frequently used) is an informal hotel room.In that room, a crew of seven personalities and ... meets He does almost nothing: I really am not a stranger to "talk." One of my favorite songs is "My Dinner with Andre", the most funny of all the talking films. "Dinner with Andre" is more exciting, The middle of life discussing their lives at dinner The key is to tell Andrei Gregory Wallace Wallace interesting stories The cast of "Party 7" literally just grumble with each other for the entire film. "No, you do not!" "I accept!" "No, you "Yes, I really do!" "No, you really, really do not!" Yes, I really ... "I got the idea, I hope. I hope I have a director. <br /> <br /> "Party 7 is a movie that does not confuse ... There are only the weakest conspiracies (money stolen from Yakuza, just like" Shark Skin Man ... "), accompanied by almost no action. It was as if Aichi took the graduation moments from Tarantino's films and built a full movie around them, but Tarantino's conversations always have their own inner logic ("they call it Royal, with cheese"). Not so in the dialog here, which is more boring than you imagine. If this is not for the fun short star from Gashuin (which is always great) and for the low-level performance of the great Tadanobu ASANO, I would give "Party 7" one star. The work was routine all the time.
