Since I saw the other three, I thought I might pick up this part made on TV in the fourth part of the Omen series. As a stand-alone movie, this film is mediocre. But the sequel to the 1976 masterpiece is a farce. The film follows the same path as many soap operas when ideas run out. The idea of ​​changing the male should lead to the female. It is always clear that this film was produced for television because representation is very standard, the plot lacks the ideas and horrific murder scenes seen in the previous three are kept to a non-bloodless minimum. The film preserves a thread in the original version, which I will not reveal despite being clear; this revelation is one of the most interesting aspects of the film. The basics of the plot largely copy the original version of Richard Downer, and see a young couple adopt a child, called Delia (not Damila or Damiana, fortunately). There is a large dog involved, and a child's miner; soon, the wife begins to suspect that the child may not be completely normal; because she is menstruating at the age of eight, and has not suffered from any disease ... <br /> <br /> It was not the first supplement The Omen was bad at all, and the series was supposed to end in third place. I think there was money involved somewhere, as there is really no technical reason why this film has been made. Does not bring anything to the table in terms of originality, and the only thing that is likely to succeed in doing is annoy the series lovers. The film looks like a television movie all the time and is often shown as a film about the troubled upbringing of a young girl. In fact, Asia Vieira looks like a small whore; but she never convinces her to be the Antichrist, staring at her over-looked, and most of the "evil" she plays is laughable. Faye Grant is given a more meaty and disliked role; while the rest of the cast regretted the approval of the star in such a wasteful waste of time. The only good thing in this film is the hallmark, which of course was excluded from the original; On the whole, this film is not really worth watching; because it does not offer something that is famous for this series, and does not even justify the second part weaker.
