And I did. In my experience, when a horror film reaches the state of "privilege", subsequent titles are issued afterwards, all of which become, in turn, damaged by an unavoidable factor: incompatibility. The Fourth Awakening: Awakening is not excluded from this rule, where another young child is supposed to embrace his role as an equivalent to Christ, prophesied by a religious prophecy. Have not we seen this before? Is not that enough, over three films before this release, have we seen the rise and fall of Damien Thorne? If you are a horror fan like me, you will realize that it is common for a horror movie that contains many sequences and prequel has the merit of vanishing into repetitions - the children of the Corn, Hellraiser, Phantasm; and the list goes on. At this stage of the game, I'm sure you know what to expect when you are ready to offer the fourth title in a series. Regardless, there are times when you sit down and realize how rude some filmmakers are. Omen IV: The Awakening is so too - a tricky exercise of money. <br /> <br /> This movie does not offer anything new or interesting in the Omen lineup. Despite the unique and original Omen IV attempt to compare to its siblings, similarities and drawing devices are awkwardly similar. Elements such as the guardian dog, the involvement of the priest, questioning the persons concerned, the scene of the death of beheading (obviously a tribute to the original film when the head is cut glass cover) ... even down to the father's involvement in politics and prestige within the community makes it very predictable . <br /> <br /> Although it is common to put a Star rated B in a horror title away from the series, the representation is far from the charts, and it is full of irony and unintended humor given some of the bad characters delivered during this movie . The atmosphere has completely disappeared compared to the first three titles. In addition, the epic result of Goldsmith's earlier films was replaced by an audio point. An absolute joke, and made me wonder if it was actually intended to be used in this movie or was just pulled out of a "bank" of audio stock ... that really says something, because I rarely comment on the misuse of a music score - yet. <br /> <br /> All in all, I called Omen IV: The Awakening a Failure. In the world of horror movies with a long list of titles behind them, some have access to the mark and others can not. If you're interested in creating another degree on your horror belt, like I'm for completion, you might be able to carve that title too - if not for the entertainment value, estimate when the movie is performing correctly or badly.
