The fourth awakening begins with St. Francis' orphanage, where husband and wife Karen (Fay Grant) and Jane York (Michael Woods) are given a child by her sister, Yvonne (Megan Leach), who is named Delia. In the beginning things go well, but as the years go by and the growth of Delia (Asia Feria), Karen becomes skeptical because death and disaster follow, Karen is convinced she is evil in itself. Karen discovers she is pregnant but discovers an evil plot to be used as an alternative mother to the next Antichrist, and is shocked to find out who was the real father of Delia ... <br /> <br /> Originally translated by Dominique O'Toenin Gerrard who resigned or was expelled from him His place is Jorge Montesi who completed the film, although the reason for his annoyance is to guess anyone as a "fourth omen": Awakening is extremely awful and stark when compared to illustrious ancestors. Brian Taghert's text is very bad, I'm not sure if this nonsense looks as good as the word on a piece of paper but there are so many wrong things I find so hard to believe. Omen IV: The Awakening is flat on the face and works better if you look at it as a parody of comedy, I mean the scene in the end when the detective comes face-to-face with a group of zombie carol singers who sing a gruesome gospel song and believe It was funny and ridiculous at all. Then there is a meaningless difference between this and other Omen movies in terms of being a little girl this time, the question I ask here is why? really why? There is no reason at all and no effect is used at all. Of course, there is a stupid evolution in the end claiming that Delia kept her brother Jenin inside herself and that in an evil plot involving a group of Satanists, Karen was planted in order to be able to give birth to the Antichrist. Come across as just fucking. At first, it has a certain entertainment value in the extent of its harm, but unintended laughter gives way to complete boredom sooner rather than later. <br /> <br /> Obviously, it's impossible to know how much of Omen IV: The Awakening was directed by Girard & Montesi, but you can say that everything was not good behind the camera, because it is a shabby, poorly designed, For television, and shows with a cinematic design and a flat and unimagined cinematography. Then there is the total lack of horror, atmosphere, tension and gravity, the main elements that made the previous Omen films very effective. <br /> <br /> The budget must be very low and the film seems to be. The best thing about the elegance of Omen IV: The Awakening is the last shot where the camera rises in the air as Delia walks away to reveal a cross shaped cross made by two interlocking paths but this is the last shot before the end of the roll credits that say just about everything. I must mention the music that sounds awful, more suitable for comedy and the spherical is very inappropriate. The acting is fine at best but as usual the child is disturbed. <br /> <br /> The Fourth Omen: Awakening is nonsense, it is a completely ridiculous film that tries to be serious and ends up appearing stupid. Perhaps the change did not help the manager too, this is still not justified. The last film for Omen is now after the original film The Omen (1976), Damien: Omen II (1978) and The Final Conflict (1981) and all are very superior to it.
