Only the Antichrist could have been behind such a disaster. One only hopes that this paradox is the driving force behind the film! This movie was so bad, it forced me to register at IMDb, finally, so I could get rid of it. What makes this movie even more tragic is that he had such a wonderful source material! I have never seen a film in which all the elements were so modest that the result is less than the sum of its parts. <br /> <br /> This may seem unimportant, but I would like to start with the result. As the proud owner of the music certificate, I must record my indignation! I was torn between laughter and dry tricks when I heard what John Scheffer had done to the wonderful Goldsmith; he was far uglier than any of the comic scenes of death, almost comically unintentional. It has been by far the most appropriate result that I have heard about since then, well, I can not really think of a worse result. Maybe JAWS 4? <br /> <br /> For the plot ... I'm sorry. Sufism New Age ?? What happened to the strange realism of the original trilogy? In those films (more in the first two more than the third, but still !!) the Ripper was mostly implicit, and it was this ingenuity that made the movies very reasonable. Here we have black-colored crystals (call all Skeksis and Mystics !!) inverted savings galore, although crucified in certain scenes would be perfectly normal but to the angle of the camera. Gone are the psycho-manipulative manipulations that point to the deep sense of disquiet inherent in our collective psyche: in its place a "slap in the face" of recycled clichés and translucent inefficiency. Add to this a leading "actress" so troublesome that you deeply thank the director for those scenes that you miss. I have never seen a little girl who has been a source of fundamental outrage since Stephanie destroyed everything in the family. <br /> <br /> Other than that, I do not have any strong feelings about the subject ;-) Fortunately, the first three films are very skillful. With regard to making the wreckage of this lost celluloid train illogical or, at most, a study of how a film can not be produced. Beware of the viewer! You may stimulate vomiting if you are lucky.
