After just 15 minutes of this film, I began to miss the earlier and heavier Zhang Yimou films, which looked at politics and society in China from a unique perspective. His role in martial arts films was a wrong step in my humble opinion. Hero was his worst film since the Cougar process, with an unnecessarily complex story and wooden representation more than those in John Agar's film. Shi Mian Mai Fu is no different. As an American who has been studying Chinese films for a few years now (and understands and speaks Mandarin), I'm sure my opinion is different from many others because I come from a different background. SMMF, like Hero, is not really a traditional kung fu film, which is certainly not a piano and shea film. There are no sword, magic or equestrian elements here. This is a completely different vehicle from flawless films like the Chinese Ghost Story (All 3), The Butterfly Murders, Green Snake, and others. While all of these outstanding horses who seem to have enjoyed what they are doing, the SMMF has a pleasant, sometimes laughable dialogue, as well as cartoon representation. Zhang Ziyi plays a blind person with Ben Affleck. There is an atmosphere of superiority with this film which is really very insulting. Takes himself seriously, it becomes just a huge joke in the end. All actors seem to be the most important piece of celluloid in history, destroying any chance of actually conveying emotions, and the sheer lack of ambition really leads to the question of whether Zhang Yimu is making a film in itself, or merely a " ) To Zhang Ziyi. The camera is literally produced on her face and she is sexually assaulted not once but twice in the film. In fact, her representation did not extend beyond her ability to play naive itch. She focused on her actions, and she was cold and energetic, as if she were reading her lines from the Notecard card. It is funny to hear critics and American people (like Quentin Tarantino completely ignorant) call this film a masterpiece. I think if they see a group of Asian actors on the screen looking for great importance while flying bamboo forests, they are fooled into thinking that they are a great film industry. Ching Siu Tung, who still retains his style of branding, editing, and attitudes, lacks the vitality and originality of his previous films such as A Chinese Ghost Story, Dragon Inn and Duel to the Death. Sad to say, the metal wire in this film is really superber, and if there is a subcap / clear wire, it is likely that you have not photographed it at high speed. The same applies to special effects that have a distinct B-film feeling to them. Beans, daggers, bowls, arrows, swords, and other random things fly in the air (after being thrown) without regard to logic, switching, climbing, and banking as if there were a small experiment inside. I know that logic does not occupy a place in Chinese martial arts films, but if you do not want to stimulate a lot of laughter from your audience, you're likely to be writing your book a little more. Collective melodrama, unintentionally funny dramatic moments, boring fatal scenes, really uninspiring plot intrigues, is what awaits you with Shi Mian Mai Fu. It is clear that Zhang Yimou no longer makes films for Chinese audiences. This is aimed at breaking into the Western market just as CTHD did. After watching Hero and SMMF, I came to the conclusion that if Zhang Yimou wanted to make Hollywood movies, he was certainly right at first. SMMF is basically a specter threat Chinese martial arts films. I think the hero was bad.
