Well, I hired this movie that looks like a clown - the Chinso Massacre - a massacre, not much expected, but I liked the new approach to a sequel killer movie. "At the beginning, it was just a joke - a fairy tale about camp fire - of five friends living in a remote cabin in the Texas woods, but when they began disappearing one by one - one was replaced by scattered, With blood and voodoo, a few of the others are fighting for their lives, but outside, he is sick, and all he wants is blood ... "Obviously, from the beginning it makes sense: Why is this clown in the forest beginning? Why clown? Why did they tear them with the word "food" drawn on them? Why why why? Hardly anything is answered in this 1 hour 30 minutes. Bear festival only where this clown lives. Characters are dumb guys, dumb girls, hell a lot of bitchiness. One particular is a girl they brought from a restaurant on the way, they thought they should help because she was suffering from someone I knew. What justifies this as an excuse to bring a girl to your friends' circle or compartment? She, of course, sows the seeds of jealousy, and makes men have sex with her by feeding their dumb minds with all they want to hear. <br /> <br /> The music was an ordinary affair (standard frantic keyboard music as in every horror film without differences). It seems that the actors were brought from some soap opera the way they complained and failed in everything. The idea that the main character in the film takes this girl into the cabin as her first date makes a terrible date, but of course she gives it unrealistically on the first night of recognition. There seems to be no budget spent on anything, but there seems to be a bunch of clowns and lots of cheap toys that cost $ 1 to walk around in the woods, which was a terribly nice place to shoot the whole movie (done many times). I was also waiting for the clown to jump into the house to kill the remaining 4 characters of the film (possibly through the glass), but nothing such sexy entered the film. I think it was just supposed to love the clown being a killer or something. <br /> <br /> I had to give the movie 3. It was a great idea (joker as a Texas Massacre Massacre, basically) I will give them a star acting seriously along the way when the movie is a B-style video, but they chose the most video style legitimacy. But in the end, I probably felt like renting Killer Klowns video from Mars again before returning to check it out. Ah, but this art cover ... very cool drawing.
