Me luck! I got the climax of sneaking into this pathetic "horror" in Texas from Artisan Entertainment a week before hitting it on the video shelves and let me tell you ... I rarely laughed hard in my life just as I was watching this hideous Mejomb fly from the rails and steal the title " (I'm sure many of us horror lovers have suffered through this one!) Was filmed on DV, and does not seem "well" with all the word in the quality Good, but the boy never fails in any other area where it is important! The story (as light and cliché as it is) goes as follows ... One of the executives (Ken Hebert, who also wrote text and produced it with the director) takes his co-worker Tracy (Amanda Watson) and a married couple Mark and Suzanne (Hank Fields and Chris Buck) are on weekends to an isolated cabin (yawning) 12 miles from the nearest town. On their way there, they pick up a hamburger (Melissa Pyle) in a bar and end up at their destination where the night camp fires are going on around a killer clown chasing the same wooded area when each evil villain becomes a reality when friends who smoke the pot one by one , Leaving only the mutilated doll parts to tell them the story of their fates. <br /> <br /> The killer clown does not even appear in the film until the end, and does not look like his diabolical portrayal of the video box (apart from being obese). It basically spends almost an hour in the forest, chopping up wooden nursery rhymes. I can not say enough bad things about the cast, especially the two men and the huts of the hikers, who offer either their hidden dialogue with minimal enthusiasm or exaggeration at the most inappropriate time. It does not really help that the text is completely free of suspense, originality, intelligence, general cohesion or humor. I can go on for a few days about how inefficient this film is, how many errors of continuity there and the extent of the whole production frenzy, but I'll go by pointing out that the entire package is a riot in this Boy-This movie. Sucks a kind of road. <br /> <br /> Also, noting that the movie has been released here in the US as SICK (Crazy Killer Serial Clown). It is currently indexed under the original title of GRIM WEEKEND. <br /> <br /> Rating: 1 out of 10
