Far from providing the caffeine kick you expect from a film shared in his name with the warmer drinks consumed by the energy of warm drinks, Coffy lounges and never rises above being just a story of revenge from Ruby. In fact, if the film is a cup of coffee, it will be weak and watery, with a few unwanted spills and lacks a long taste. Intermittently hits the place, but otherwise it is not a dramatic movement drama that you hope to be. <br /> <br /> The wise conspiracy, Kofi Nurse takes the law into her hands and offers hard justice to the drug traffickers, mobsters, who tied her younger sister in a sickly condition. The social-political commentary on the plight of black young people in urban America is prominent in Kofi, and it makes some of the most intriguing things like Covey's crusades against political corruption and racism committed by white institutions that exploit and act as parasites away from the African targets of American minorities. Unfortunately, messages are undermined in time due to poor film quality and lack of focus. Coffy's ideas are important, they are just not well directed. <br /> <br /> Among the additional points in Coffy is the Blaxploitation Pam Grier icon. Guerre plays a role in the game of Gusto and makes an impressive heroine as she shoots butter in the often spectacular violence (how to deal with a house full of wells? Drive the car directly through the front door!). It is shameful that the story swings on occasions, and time is wasted in pressing as much sexual exploitation as possible. The low budget can not have helped, but not the fact that the flick for Blaxploitation, Coffy lacks a groove. Just as problems are undermined by lack of quality, entertainment and excitement are also interspersed with moments of idiots and misdirection. <br /> <br /> The overall result is similar to labor and wood. We get the hip heroine but not the hip film. It is shameful that Kofi has his moments and must really be considered a major film in Blaxploitation madness; he never rises above being an average, lukewarm.
