I could not believe that this movie was back in 2007, and had all the horror and flicker of the 1970s. Did not they have any knowledge of modern special effects or CGI?!? Do not they know that in the post-millennium period, violence in a horror film and / or scientific fiction should be at least a little fee? Or did you err in this mistake, was it supposed to be a profound and meaningful story about man and animal, linked together in the great life cycle, or a warning to mankind not to mess with nature, or something like that? It did not really matter, in both cases it turned out to be wrong and this film failed for me in all calculations. <br /> <br /> First of all, the hypothesis is very unlikely. If you are able to replace a full eye at a certain time, no medical scientist will begin the first human attempt with both eyes at the same time, which is completely unprofessional. And do all this apparently without the informed consent of the patient ?! Why do you choose on the ground eyes with a color that is quite unusual for humans, and make the victim look strange ?! By the way, I noticed that all the real wolves in the film have normal dark eyes resembling a puppy, can not they wait for such a sample? The story is lame, it revolves around this poor man Aaron, who gets these strange eye transplants, which suddenly makes him feel like a donor wolf (or at least that's what I do) and then some military men chase him. Especially this last thing is ridiculous. I mean, I can understand that the army is interested in the results of the experiment (imagine soldiers with a vision of night vision!) But with the failure of the operation because of the apparent nervous breakdown of the patient, the reason for it has gone beyond to kill him. Why do not you just leave it alone and find another recipient to use? (Maybe a volunteer soldier ??). And why did he try to kill anyone else involved with poor Aaron? Is not that a bit sharp? Who are these hell anyway, I do not hope the US military or the government, they act like psychopaths, roaming the hospital waving automatic weapons, attacking private apartments like them after some general enemy number 1, and finally showing up in the forest a complete lack To discipline, such as a group of frightened school children, panic and random shooting around. <br /> <br /> Aaron, for an inexplicable medical reason, feels like a wolf after planting the eyes. Why is that ?? Suddenly sees the visions of wandering wolves. What is that? Are you supposed to believe that the wolf's memories lie in the eyeballs?!? The recipient of these eyeballs also depends on the wolf's passion for red meat (life) and can jump off a 30-foot high balcony and land without hitting the ground like a cat (can the wolf do that?!!). <br /> <br /> Representation (or lack thereof) has not helped the credibility of all this: everyone stumbling in their lines like wooden dolls, especially this Indian girl, may be beautiful but can only come up with one (puzzling) Interested in the power of nature, and I am surprised by why Aaron suddenly ends (but hey, there may have been at least one love scene!). I really sympathized with actor Currie Monteth, who looks like a nice guy with a handsome face enough, but they did not give him much. He had to run bare-chested for more than half of the film, which would have been fun to watch, but then chose someone more physically fit, Monteth to leave his shirt. There are hardly any killings and attacks (few), we hear only a little bit of waste and a scream of fear, and then there is another victim lying down with more blood on his face and chest. Not much to the horror of modern science fiction! The only good representation came from Justin Bateman, and I really love to see how I matured into a beautiful forty-year-old lady. I did what she could with her silly lines, and convinced me to be a doctor of good intentions, but she made her character a kind of gazelle, led by the leader of these armies. What a sorry scenario that did not make it stand a bit more! <br /> <br /> In the end, this film sums up as a silly and boring film, hardly scary or exciting, with incredible repercussions, and many similar images similar to National Geographic for wolves revolve around forests and cliffs (Who cares?!?) , Some Indian humming about human nature and nature and an uneven musical score with poppy songs at the most appropriate moments. I think the word "superfluous" covers everything.
