Hybrid begins while security guard Planet Water Treatment Aaron Skates (Corrie Montith) participates in an accident left him blind. Fortunately, this was exactly when Dr. Andrea Hewitt (Justin Bateman), who worked for Olaris, developed a process of organ transplants from one type to another. Hewitt decided that Aaron would be perfect for her first human experience. Hewitt and her team plant the wolf's eyes in Aaron and he miraculously regains his sight. Fantastic, right? Well, not since Aaron began to go crazy because he sees random pictures of wolves and begins to develop lust for blood. Harun flees from the building of Olaris and runs away but is so valuable that he is not allowed to leave and a large-scale search is made to catch him. <br /> <br /> Directed by Yelena Lanskaya, I think it is likely that he has started the life of "creature advantage" directly but ended up as one of the most boring and tedious science fiction channel films I've seen do not show "t feature even any kind of monster or creature. Who was supposed to like him.The initial setup is fine with Aaron getting the wolf's eyes but then a hybrid that gives up J is about the elements of science fiction and becomes a kind of terrible drama because it focuses entirely on the mental state of Aaron because he wonders about not doing anything in particular with some Native American women.Yes, do not think that Sci-Fi can make a movie about wolves and put a lot From the rubbish around the original American legends there is also a strange personality dynamics, and Aaron shows up as a persecuted hero, but he is the only character who kills anyone in the film, a somewhat undesirable person, disillusioned and disconcerting, while Dr. Hewitt shows an evil scientist after That Aaron gave her back his sight and does nothing but try to Help him. I mean that Aaron recalls the gift of light after Hewitt is the evil one? The basic science fiction channel of American military intervention is there, and the problem is, why do they want Aaron badly? He is not a soldier, while he has the eyes of the wolves to help him to see in the dark, but he is not quite noticeable. The text can not think whether it's all in Aaron's mind or that it's real, so the ending is very bad with half a nude (remember that was made for a shortcut) Aaron passes through a forest with a group of wolves set on some music atrocities that I think are They are supposed to be emotional but make them more fun. There are a lot of wrong things in the Hybrid, it's slower than hell, there's almost no work, there's no Werewolves, and the film is circulating in circles trying to think of you as Aaron, but it's all ridiculous, ridiculous, boring and will not bother him. At all for the reason that although there are eyes of wolves planted only, Aaron begins to develop the senses of other wolf. <br /> <br /> Having diabetes I have problems in my eyes. I have undergone a large surgery on the right eye. I can assure you that after surgery your eyes will swell. You will not be able to open them. You will suffer like hell after transplantation. Eye As soon as Aaron wakes up in bed his eyes will be perfect with no swelling or even redness. There are no special effects, no blood or gore or violence and nothing to excite you. In fact, I think now that there is nothing even about horror or science fiction about it, it looks like a terrifying film of the week. <br /> <br /> The film was shot in Manitoba, Canada, but the film looks nice and forgotten. The representation is weak from all those who have not seen it before, and we hope it will not happen again. <br /> <br /> Hybrid is a terrible movie that is clearly marketed as "Creature Creature" by Werewolve but it is far from it and more people will really struggle to reach the terrible end that will probably make you a stunt.
