The plot seems intriguingly interesting ... Bateman learns how to cultivate the eyes of animals and visual nerves in other animals, such as humans. A young man (Monteth) is blind and saves a colleague - the world receives a call from a doctor that the young man is a good candidate to be the first human recipient. The recipient begins to become more like a werewolf, but the effect is no more than "strange eyes" and works at night with dogs! (For the entire film) the budget is too low, the dialogue is very complicated (I laughed out loud in some funny talk), and the representation is very inefficient. Long parts of the film are no more than dreamy looks, strange music and wolves sections scattered in the wild. It takes so long in 90 minutes, boring and devoid of ideas. <br /> <br /> The army wants to use eye transplants to return wounded soldiers to their sight and want to militarize technology. There's a silly sub-plot about a pretty Indian girl (Korean) you think she can help, using Indian wisdom about wolves. They make love while the music is heavy on the drums and you hear Indian chants - Crazy man! Making love happens immediately after a heinous murder - Who edited this turkey?! It seems that the vile "medical man" who publishes the applause does little, except for adding the atmosphere. <br /> <br /> Here are two ridiculous things. A laboratory worker goes to the animal room to discover that the monkeys have been taken out of their cages. She feels scared, looks left at the monkeys, turns right, turns left, turns right, turns left. This goes on for a while (who edited this?). Escape the damn factory! It was stupid that I started to laugh. Another ridiculous scene - our hero at home, escaping from a window with the arrival of the heavily armed army - leaves the window open, the military men go to the open window, look out the window, and say "it seems to be here" and leave! Get out of the open window guys! crazy. <br /> <br /> Near the end of the movie, the army men fire machine guns repeatedly at the trees, when obviously there is nothing - it's easy to put Skibbetts on what I think. They have 6 machine guns cut trees, but they decided to fight our hero with one knife !!! Shoot the guy! Who wrote this garbage ?? There was a senseless confrontation in the end, and believe me that I do not spoil anything for you - there is not enough conspiracy to spoil. <br /> <br /> I found that it was all a tax write-off or an urgent task to take advantage of unused budget funds left by some of the best films.
