I do not understand why people this movie is getting 8.3 !!!!!! ??? I had great hopes in this film, but as soon as I got to half an hour, I just wanted to leave the theater. In the vast majority of reviews on this site, people say this is one of the best motion films they've seen (or in the summer, the year or so). They say it's an excellent result. WTF !!!!!!!!! The What has been concluded (along with the fact that Bourne can ride motorcycles, shoot and fight better than anyone else he encounters)? What do you know about Bourne's character in this film ????????? Definitely nothing !!!!!!! Well, there are a lot of actions, but what's the wonderful thing about this film? I do not like cinematography and film editing. The shaky camera effect and fast-changing snapshots on the TOO system were used a lot and they quickly became old (I had no objection to excellence because it was still easy to follow and was not overused) and made me feel dizzy. I wish I could have saved my $ $ for something else. <br /> <br /> This movie has no plot. All this movie is a 115-minute chase. Born, who never learned anything about him during the entire 115 minutes of the film, is perfect in everything he tries. There is no evolution at all in this film, and you know nothing about anyone, and there is a wide range of new characters being introduced in this installment. Some people said that this film has incredible writing and suspense. I love you !!!!!!!! What do you write ??? What thrill ?? There is no suspense. Bourne is perfect in doing everything he does, I do not think he has anything to worry about. If this is the best film of 2007, I may just watch movies perfectly! <br /> <br /> Many people also said that Matt Damon's performance in this film is one of the best (if not the best) in his career. What performance? How many lines does he have in this movie ?? I have some respect for Dummon because he was in movies I liked and played different kinds of characters, but the good actor is someone you can not recognize from one film to another, someone who chooses different kinds of roles. Not someone who plays the same roles over and over again (which Damon does, but an example of someone doing Vin Diesel). <br /> <br /> Anyway, this movie was a big disappointment for me. I do not recommend this movie, but I recommend the first two (Bourne Identity and Bourne Supremacy) and definitely recommend reading the three books (which are very different from the movies).
