This low-level universal cooling device has been announced as an upcoming DVD version, but as part of a set of similar films I already own, I decided to get it from other channels rather than waiting for this legitimate release. It is also so, since the end result was not something special (if the atmosphere is fit in it): for starters, the plot is too weak? Although it somehow predicts the "THEATER OF BLOOD" (1973) - albeit without any film. What we have here, in fact, is a bankrupt sculptor (Martin Koslik)? Who even see sharing a plate of cheese with his pet cat! ?? Who, having found himself the recipient of the critical pen of art Alan Napier, once again decided to end everything by throwing himself in the nearby river. Yet, as he contemplates this work, the fugitive Rondo Hatton's killer, the so-called "creeper", predicts, naturally, saving the poor man's life by making the latter do all the dirty work for him in gratitude! Although he is supposed to be appointed in New York art circles, all that we really see at work is Kosleck and the commercial painter Robert Laurie (who continues to paint the same blonde girl statues Joan Joan Shawley again and again? ?) Of, appropriately enough, engaged to a rival critic (Virginia Gray) of Napier's! Long before, the latter is discovered with a spinal fracture Lori suspects. But then, the detective Bill Goodwin gets a bright idea of ​​involving another critic to publish a harsh review of Laurie's work (I did not know the publicity drawings were reviewed !!) to gauge how violent he was reacting! Meanwhile, Kuselik concedes himself to think that he is making a masterpiece by sculpting a unique rock for Hutton? Can be identified? Needless to say, it attracts Gray's attention, which she constantly visits (she led us to believe she lacked the materials for her weekly column) to the point of angering the artists and the model. Curiously, although The Creeper is quite aware of how Gray looks (thanks to her aforementioned harassment from the biting Kosleck palette), does he move away from Shaoulie? Who became a Goodwin girl! ?? In Lori's apartment, hearing Kozlik talking (so guessed) Gray about his intention to throw him as a fall guy to the police, sends the slow giant off its deep end? So down to destroy his now finished stone image. Strangely enough, although this film was in the film Hutton before the last, only his name in the credits preceded by the title "Submission"!
