How it has been shown that the film is often like sheep in public. Once some critics say that something good is new ("Shake-Cam"), everyone jumps on the cart, as though they were devoid of independent thinking. This was not a good film, it was a terrible film. 1) The plot? - What plot? Born here, from start to finish. This is the plot. Do not look for anything deeper than this. 2) Cinema? - Do me a favor! A 7-year-old boy with an old film camera and an 8-mm racket does a much better job (do not exaggerate here). This film is a tour of the amazing amateur camera business. The funny shaking of each scene (I really mean every scene) will lead to dizziness and nausea. 3) Ratification? - Yes sure. This is a masterpiece of credibility. I loved scenes of Bourn's hunt for local police in the winding streets of Tangier. - I was in Tangier. Even the guides can not walk in those streets, but Bourne expelled 100 policemen quickly and brilliantly. Greengrass must laugh his head because of the naivete of his disciples. 4) Editing? - I do not know what the editor was when he made this film but I want some! - Each scene is between 0.5 and 2 seconds. I felt nauseated at the end of the film by the powerful influence of the "viewer" that flickered. 5) Routing? - Hmmm. This is an interesting aspect. The film did not seem to have any output. More than the case of Greengrass received a copy of the script (every two pages) on the photographer and said "to shoot a few scenes while drunk". - "Do not worry boys, we will connect the viewer together in the editing room." The editor must be deformed and reticulated and placed in stock to allow this monster to hit the silver screen 6) Not one but two top CIA agents who give the mistreated and misunderstood treatment of Jason Bourne. - Put their lives at stake for someone who could not be sure that he was not a traitor. Talk about stupid nincompoops. (While the evil CIA members are planning to kill anyone who works just as much as dropping a piece of paper on the ground). (Well, all people are evil, right? - except SNAGS of course). Yes, it is a modern and politically correct film that shows that females are heroes today and oppressive males are the real threat to humanity. 7) When what you know finally hits the fan, the good wins over the evil (just as it always does, eh?) And gets the potential killer on Jason Bourne - suddenly goes through a guilt trip and avoids pulling the trigger (yeah - right ...) - at that very moment , The vice-manager happens only villain - a gun in his hand and pulls the trigger. - How was this 60-year-old man running fast and not running out? Wonderland will never stop 8) Do not worry, there is a hearing in the Senate and the bad guys are brought before the courts. Well, we can not have bad clients, politically incorrect, revolve around shooting people, can we? How beautiful it is to see the reality of life in a movie of times. ------------- The Bourne Ultimatum is absolute nonsense.
