The number of fools in this episode was higher than the top 9. They do not follow their own rules of life where destruction of the body leads to the dissolution of the soul. This one dropped the second body. This body, the dean, falls about 20 feet from Sam but they are right with Sam. The floodlights go out in an unlit shelter at night, and we can still see everything. It's night but light flows through the windows. Ghost died in 1960 makes cell phone calls? Come on! There is no way for Sam to get a psychiatrist to see him on the same day he sets a date, and the doctor talks to Sam as if he were not his first visit. Sam and Dean knew that there were other bodies in the asylum, and innocent lives were still lying and did nothing to help them. That does not seem to be something Winchester would do. Oh, and after crawling on a bed full of dirt and a bad shelter, the girls' makeup and hair were perfect and not a stain on her white shirt. <br /> <br /> Although this episode has encountered problems, the hypothesis was good and at times I was not worried but I was nervous when I sat down reading Elicots. I only knew that anything very personal to a ghost would direct him to someone who violated sanctity. Eliko did not appear. Perhaps this is a mistake for such an important thing or place (such as the Office of Elite) that must guide the soul when it touches an organism or enters. When they separate I want to shout ... 'So you die! Stay together and watch others appear! But they do not listen to me: o The spirit of Elkitt and his own ability was a very nice touch. It's a premiere show, but I hope that Alecu will terrorize one of his victims down and use it in anticipation of torture to get us out more. <br /> <br /> Especially because of the bright lights I gave you 4. The sudden darkness or flickering of the entire scene as the light bulb flickers is all the more terrifying. Lighter coming or reviving the lamp and immediately the spirit in their face shock. I understand that the directors want us to see his scene, but then mention or clear contact by touching the Elicot electrical socket and the lights coming. Make the characters respond to the fact that his powerless resort suddenly has lights in one room. The white-blue lights illuminate the electric brackets just like the strength of the Elicot finger. <br /> <br /> Seriously, MCG could have performed better.
