The horror boat is a great title for this movie. It is immediately, so the only aspect of the film that I can give 10 out of 10. There are domestic boats, there is horror, and even horror that happens in the cottage. But if there is a label bar at all, it is sure that there will be "something angry in this way ..." because the Houseboat Horror movie is easily the worst Australian horror film I've ever seen, not to mention the worst horror film I've ever seen and try It is somewhat horrific in filmmaking in general. The good news is that it is very terrible, it sails directly into the area of ​​contempt for the viewer in a wonderful world of hilarious and unintentional. It is worth watching * because it is * bloody bloody. <br /> <br /> The "Worst" category does not come from the story of the story, for the simple reason that there is actually one: a recording producer, a film crew and a band rock reaching the infamous Lake Infiniti, a picturesque rural area somewhere in Victoria Actually Lake Eldon) to film a music video. Someone is not particularly happy to see him there, and perhaps try to serve the public, starting to pick them up one by one with a very sharp knife. The most obscure thing is the time it takes for survivors to actually notice this. <br /> <br /> On the surface, it looks like a big tilt to the B-film level. You have very annoying young people, fanatical elders, and creepy locals (one of them, a gas station worker, will easily win an exciting contest), let's face it, my descriptive killer can easily be Jason Furheis. Ah, but if the values ​​of representation and production were nowhere near the relative masterpiece that was on Friday Part XIII. Unfortunately, the Houseboat Horror game is completely free of these two things. <br /> <br /> But in the end, this makes what you do ridiculous and sexy. Tony Martin will be a member of the "late show" once and a member of "Get This" already has some gems in the real dialogue ("See the show ... will be deleted!"), While the actual song to accompany the music video is very bad, A certified voice must be heard - I can not help but wonder if the writer / filmmaker Ollie Wood hopes to become a great success. The element of horror is comparable to what I think for B-type barks especially in this period, but there were times when I could not imagine someone biting a hamburger on the screen and watching a ball of tomato sauce sprinkled on the wall on the screen. <br /> <br /> In fact, if you listen to Tony Martin recommend this movie as a hilarious hump like me, I do not think you will miss me. You should not miss any "very bad" horror lovers. Whether it will be banned or not, this is another matter. If you are, on the other hand, looking for a real distinction in the Australian horror genre, get a copy of the "long weekend" that is unmatched and does not look back.
