When the version of "When Strange Calls" was out, obviously I was interested in seeing the original. Then when I read about the original (which I remember scared my sisters quite the day) I saw that the real money is Black Christmas Day, which seems to hit everyone on the "caller is at home". So I Netflix it, sitting at the top of my list for several months because of "very long waiting." All this time I get more and more yearning to see it! Then one day, of blue, finally arrive! It 's all snoring. <br /> <br /> Sure, I may have high expectations, but I do not think he would have gained more if I had seen him again. The thing is Christmas at some Canadian university colleges, and there is this women's club that takes place. We see some of the deadly shots of Bove climbing this trellis and sneaking into the attic. So we know it at home. Then we presented to our personalities? - Olivia Hossy as Jesse Mossy, Slim, Canadian. Margot Kieder as one of the openly annoying annoying alcoholic drinks. She is so annoying that her mother urges her to celebrate Christmas. There is also a clone of Ian Janice's spam ("Phil") and that mother who disturbs Mrs. Mc's alcoholic drink, which was seen charging various bottles of wine that he hid all over the house. We also meet her strong friend Jess Peter, who played CARE internationally in 2001, and Bonnie Lake is a lost fame, although in the middle of the film I still ask myself "Who is CARE internationally?" <br /> <br /> The house seems to be receiving obscene phone calls, but that was before the e-mail, so they could not be asked to send a picture. Then - well, do you know how to say that plastic dry cleaning bags this is not a game? One of the sisters found that the road was difficult. Do not worry if you do not take the first 14 pictures of the body covered with plastic while in the attic ?? - There will be 28 other pictures interspersed throughout the film, and obviously there is to say, "Oh God! There is a corpse in the attic!" Despite the first hour that changes to: "How do stupid police come to find the corpse covered in plastic in the attic? "Especially since it's very clear that it's clearly visible from outside the house, really, at any time before the appearance of CSI on air, this must be the golden age of crime; the police are so stupid ... Fortunately, some of them seem like John Saxon. <br /> <br /> However, after much more boring human drama, the mother of the house fears that her precious kitty has risen vertically and pushed to open a trap "Hey, why do not we have 75 more shots that try to calm us down with the fact that there are a couple of other cats in the attic? Now, by now, the police are taking the situation seriously, taking advantage of the home phone and putting a policeman abroad, informing Jess and her colleague Janice Ian that if the obscene caller calls again, they must keep Tags on the phone. Jessica, who grew up more than moderates, annoyed and questioning, continues to ask the caller: "Who is this? What do you want? Who are you?" After the first 89 calls, when it is clear that it will not respond. Is not this a sign of developmental disability? The inability to learn from failed attempts at something? And what will he do, suddenly say "Oh yes, hello, he's a pop of londromat?" Shut up Jess. <br /> <br /> The spoilers! In any case, Janice Ian and Louis Lane (Kidder) soon accumulate in bed with ketchup on their faces (the idea of ​​this film about Gore), and Jesse realizes that there is no door or window in the house locked. Hi? Are you tracking or what? The police then realize that the killer is at home. He called Jess and told her, "Do not ask questions, just do what I say, walk to the front door and then get out." So what does a geek do? He starts yelling "Phil? Barb? Phil? Barb?" Hey, sister is a great idea. Now why not go to the right upstairs where you know a psychotic killer lurking? Of course you do, and you see her ex-girlfriends, all full of ketchup, which prompted the viewer to scream on the screen: "Do you have an idea now ?!" <br /> <br /> Now, obviously one has to understand that this film was produced before the slanted classic film tubers were firmly in place, that it did not move at the same pace we used to, and seeing a plastic covered body in the attic Like 206 times it may have been scary again a day, people are not used to being followed by a psychopath, so they will not think, you know, locking doors or windows. They may be tempted to roam upstairs when they are recently told that the frantic killer is there. You see, people were stupid in the 1970s. We have to understand that. One of the big shocks is that we do not even see our initial gestures killing the psychologist. But believe me, this fact is more interesting than reading in this review of sitting in the film for. End spoilers! <br /> <br /> Hey, Check out Cinema de Merde, my website for bad and cheesy movies (with some good movies being put on). You can find the URL in my email address above.
