BFG is one of Rold Dal's most cherished books, but in this animated adaptation, magic does not exist. This version remains faithful to the original story of Dahl, so you can not blame John Hamble's text. If anything is wrong, the animation is colorless, the carotid pace is generally huge. One can be right to expect this story to be made for a happy, vibrant, joyful film ..... Instead, the film is a desperate and desperate story and becomes very boring to watch. Children who are not familiar with reading should read the book first! All that the film will achieve is to postpone reading what is actually a classic for children. <br /> <br /> The young orphan Sophie (Amanda Rott's voice) lives in an orphanage that is not very friendly under the tutelage of Mrs. Clonkers. One evening she looked at the window when she spotted a huge figure walking surreptitiously on the village street. This figure realizes that he has been seen, so enters through the window and wash Sophie out of her bed, and puts it in her massive pocket before he flees into the night. Sophie soon discovers she has been kidnapped by a giant of the Countryy Country and is afraid to eat it. But it is gratifying to find that he is a gentle and sensitive member of his own sex who introduced himself as BFG (David Jason's voice). BFG refuses to eat people, and instead is limited to taste vegetables known as snozzcumbers. However, giant giants are inhabited by many other Giants who do the feast - every night, as it happens - on unsuspecting poor humans. Sophie and BFG became wonderful friends, and soon came up with a plan to frustrate the other giants. Together they go to the Queen of England (Angela Thorne's voice) with their wonderful story and ask her to send the Army and Air Force to fight the Giants. The Queen agrees and begins a dangerous process to catch the bad Giants before they can hurt anyone else. <br /> <br /> Jason expresses a good BFG (one of the few pros in the film) but his good work is almost destroyed by a fairly poor sound quality. The rest of the audio work is certainly inspiring, with very little to revive the characters. Similarly, BFG is the only character that is creatively animated - Sophie lacks attractiveness, and the Giants are poorly designed (and seem almost indistinguishable from one another). Even places are not innovative; the Giant Country comes in particular, nothing more than a barren land barren with rocks and occasional valleys. In 88 minutes, the film is not quite long, but it extends very poorly in parts due to the diverse processing of many sequences. Little harmless humor is transferred Dahl satisfactorily. One chapter of the BFG Love Book deals with "applause" (jerathan) which is hilariously loud. In the film, the same section is killed completely by unusual handling. I came to The BFG I expected a lot of enthusiasm, fun and enjoyment, but what I got was just the opposite! This error is a failed error that does not simply match the caliber of the book in any section - so, unfortunately, it should retreat as one to skip.
