Unhinged was part of the UK-based Video Nasty video collection of the 1980s. Keep strange things from children's hands, do not you know! It must have left many people wondering about the cause of the uproar. According to today's standards, Unhinged is considered a fairy tale that promotes little. <br /> <br /> There are 3 girls going out to a jazz concert ... and immediately, you know that the number of bodies will be very low. They get lost in the woods, and end up in a car accident that looks so fake it's laughable. They are picked up by some nearby residents who live in the forest in a creepy house. One of the girls is seriously injured and must remain on the top floor. Then there is talk. We talk about why girls are here and how they should be for dinner on time because the mother does not like it when someone is late. And more talk. Yakite Yak. Some suspense was built when the crazy man wanders around and harasses the girls, and the eyeball of someone through the holes in the walls of the beautiful girls is seen in something like a psychic Hitchcock. I dig because there is so much blah blah in this film that you wonder when the killings will begin. In fact, one of the girls feels so bored of her mind that she walks in the forest, alone, looking for the city. Smart movement. Maybe she knew about the pristine walk alone in the forest part, but she did not bother. Continue talking more then we wait, wait, and wait for more until the next girl is killed or not. <br /> <br /> Then there is a crooked end. "Expected" unexpected to some viewers, for others your real catch. Perhaps the only reason someone wants to see it. I do not care how twisted it is, nothing in this film compensates for the dullest time I've seen. Even with the slight effect of the end, the director did not have what it takes to make a good story with her. It was possible to have a TV episode better than 30 minutes to one hour, say, Tales of Darkside. <br /> <br /> If you really must get this for any reason, maybe just to say that you watched everyone messed up the movie, do yourself a favor and have a fast forward button ready. Because the movie has a lot of unimportant scenes, just zoom in, and you will not reach "WOW, that's what it was all this time" at any given time. In the middle of the film, there is a scene of a shower with two girls showing a bee. Awesome for bees boo. Those beautiful bee bees.
