The Invisible Maniac begins when a young Kevin Dornwinkle (Chris Russell) is arrested by his strict mother (Marilyn Adams) and she watches a girl (Tracy Walker) strip out through his telescope ... Cut to "Twenty Years Later" & Kevin Durlinkle) is now A physics professor who claims to have discovered a way to convert invisible objects using the molecular reconstruction vaccine. But during a demonstration in front of fellow scientists all failed to laugh at him, Dornwinkle madly kills a few of them and closes the mental institute from which he escapes. "Two Weeks Later" and a group of summer university students discuss the tragic death of a physics teacher when the principal of the school, Ms. Cilu (Stephanie Blake as Stella Blac) says she hired an alternative. Yes, I guessed it. Dornwinkle. The student does not take him and treat him like dirt, but Dornwinkle mastered the hidden serum and used it to satisfy his perverse sex desires and desire for revenge ... <br /> <br /> co-written by Adam Rifkin hiding wisely under the pseudonym Rif Coogan (I do not want to be associated My name is with this feces film either) The Invisible Maniac is the real bottom of the barrel stuff. Scenario by Rivkin, Sorry Coogan and Tony Marks are awful. Trying to have mixed sex / comedy / teen horror that just failed in every section. For the beginning of sex is no more than a female shower scenes and a few booze shots, not much else I'm afraid, birds in the "unwanted maniac" is not even look good. Comedy is lame and every joke misses homosexuality, this is the kind of film that thinks someone is fighting an invisible man or that Henry (Jason Logan) is a mute man trying to make a phone call funny. The Invisible Maniac makes the Academy of Police Film Series (1984-1994) like the top of evolution! As for the horror side which is also lame. It is also incredibly slow (it takes more than half an hour before Dorno Winkles becomes invisible), boring, predictable, boring and has a very annoying and undesirable teen character. <br /> <br /> The director Rifkin or Kogan or anything does nothing at all to try to make The Invisible Maniac a little fun experience. There is no fear, tension or atmosphere, and the film as a whole is a real must to sit down. It does nothing at an invisible angle, only a few doors that open on their own are as adventurous as they get. There are little gaps or violence, little bloodshed, a few cases of strangulation and a little inappropriate in the entire film when someone has exploded his head with a gun, unfortunately he was invisible at the time we only see the headless trunk after that. <br /> <br /> The budget must be low, which means a low drop because this is a very cheap-looking film. The Dornwinkles Laboratory is essentially two jars on its side cabinet! When he fled the mental institution, each of the dogs was sent after him and the entire school had about ten students and teachers. Invisible Maniac is an 85-minute poor-quality film, and Mike Boom has been spotted on at least one occasion ... let's just say that acting is of a low standard and let it go. <br /> <br /> Crazy Hidden is crap, simple and simple. I have not found any features to redeem at all, there are a lot of best movies you can watch so there is no reason to waste your time on this trash. Definitely one to avoid.
