Critics of cinema in the world, I apologize. Your job is to advise film audiences so they can choose what to spend wisely. But I ignored your advice, and I was deeply hurt. However, my decision to see "Cat in the Hat" was not taken randomly. As you can see, three years ago, all of you critics said that we should all avoid the "disaster" known as "How Christmas Grinch stole." Then some of my friends took me to see him and it turned out to be a colorful, almost hypnotic, hypnotic treatment. So when critics launched their anger against "The Cat in the Hat", another update of the big muss budget with a big name star in the title role, I thought it should be the same old song. How wrong I was. <br /> <br /> For five full minutes I thought I was in a clear state. Intelligent opening credits, charming children and first-class production values. Then the cat appeared. There are many problems from this point, but the biggest problem was the misuse of Mike Myers. Where "The Grinch" was saved by Jim Carrey's inspiring actor, "The Cat" was destroyed by Myers. It can be very funny when its energies are applied where they belong, comic sketches. Every film he made was really funny was just a long-term comedy sketch, from Wynes World to Austin Powers. So he tries to do the same thing here, it's just that these comics are similar to the things he sticks to at the end of SNL, not funny, and just painful. Not that the writers helped him out. After the charming introduction, the film turns into an hour of physical disgusting jokes, timid massacres, and politely stalled attempts at hip humor. It was the most frustrating film experience I've ever had. interval. A lot of talent went and work in something very despicable. I know that the adult stars in this film will not be affected relatively by this mess, and I hope Spencer Breslin and Dakota Fanning will have more opportunities to show their fascination in much better films. If you are a parent, please avoid this like a plague. With movies like "Elf" and "Brother Bear" currently in theaters, you have much better options.
