Hilborn begins as a young psychiatrist named James Bishop (Matt Stacy) at his place of residence at St. Andrew's Crazy Sanctuary, or "mental facility" as they wish to contact him there. With nearly 600 patients, Bishop meets Dr. McCourt (Bruce Payne) and is placed in his workplace, where he gets a ward A, where some critically ill patients are detained. If that was not bad enough during his first visit, the bishop found a corpse and threatened graffiti drawings in his room. The Bishop begins to hear stories from the sick about the evil events in the asylum and soon finds himself that the stories have more than a hint of truth ... <br /> <br /> Known as the cursed asylum in the United States, Directed by Philip J. Jones & I liked it, but in the end there were so many unsatisfactory elements for me to enjoy it perfectly. Matt Macomb's scenario takes itself seriously, and I like the basic idea behind it and some of his ideas, but there are some things that work against it. The beginning of the film is very slow, the story is very good and does not give up early, but it takes an absolute age to start working and I lose interest quickly with every passing minute. I also thought that the so-called end of the twist was much anticipated and the end itself is too far away and forgotten. It's shameful because I liked the story, personality, setup and some ideas, but it's simply too slow and bluntly honest to keep entertainment entertained for 90 minutes. It's one of those films that I would recommend but honestly I can not. <br /> <br /> Jones does a good job, it's actually a good-looking film and a great atmosphere. I would not say that there is anything scary here. I'm not sure if Hellburn was filmed in a real madhouse, but if not, they did a great job in the collections and the film was generally good. Unfortunately, there is a real lack of injustice or movement. There are two wounds in the form of a handprint, a broken tongue and that's all, and nothing at all about blood or injustice, which should fall like disappointment. Depending on who you believe in and the review you read is the worst or the worst, plus a loyal observer of low budget horror, I was very impressed with the influences, especially the devil who looks impressive and a man influenced by the type of suit instead of drawing the terrible CGI Although it is a wonderful suit. It all depends on your expectations. I think it's technically good, it looks nice enough, and the lack of CGI effects on the computer is welcome. It was not great acting, it certainly could have been better. <br /> <br /> Hellborn is a movie that disappointed me, there were some good things about it but at the same time some horrible things that unfortunately outperformed Hassan. I loved parts of it, but with the whole 90 minute viewing experience, it was impossible to recommend it to anyone.
