But I doubt that many of them were running to see this film. Or "some came out of the cinema." Well, this is a bit harsh. <br /> <br /> The film begins in an unintended comedic fashion: Frankie-Boy returns to his hometown several years later (these vulgar odors are already) and the whole city is shaken by arrival: he talks about him, everyone wants to talk to him, every woman meets him as If it were not tomorrow - even his daughter hints that she would happily have her date to chat with Frankie Boy for a little longer! Even his beautiful niece wants a piece of it! It sounds like one of the funny "Mike Hamer" episodes where every single female stacy Kate wants. Like Stacey Kate, Frankie Boy is nothing more than a wonderful-looking woman's dream. In real life, a person like Sinatra (without fame) will not get 100 meters from someone as beautiful as McLean. But in this Hollywood movie, there is the opposite: McLean never worries about Frankie Boy, but he did not care about it! Sinatra plays his "wonderful" songs often in his films, and is seldom credible. Dean Martin is a kind of miscast. He does not misuse him as a card player, but because of a tone that does not suit him. McLean is as attractive as she has always been, but she plays a caricature - and that reliance on cartoons is one of the main problems in the film. The main characters are some stereotypes about bad films or seen above all and cheap novels; Frankie is the "cute cat" who returns to the city to get all the women, and he does not care much about his writings (which, as expected, is finally appreciated) ; Martin card player is flabby but friendly. McLean is a dumb bembo, but very lovable. Frankie is the attention to the blond expert malignant literary. Frankie's brother is a successful man who married his wife's business and has a lousy marriage; etc. and so on. Cliches. <br /> <br /> The story contains two slightly different references to my tastes: Frankie collides only with his sister in a language. His niece is a few meters away from her father when the latter accepts his secretary for the first time; then there is the terrible and stupid end. <br /> <br /> In that, a drunk man determined to kill Frankie Boy somehow managed to find him in a carnival of all places! The place is quite crowded, with the usual noise and chaos - plus it happens in the evening - yet somehow the guy finds Frankie (although he is drunk as a lamp) and shoots him. But guess who kills? McLean. She jumps in front of the bullet to save Frankie: clichés that the comic book might blow over her. This pathetic, impressive and annoying ending certainly can not please any viewer, even semi-intelligent. This happens on the same day that MacLean and Sinatra got married! It seems that the author of this nonsense read the beloved Daim novels throughout his life - how is this film interpreted? There is even blackjack ensuing a fight with Frankie and Martin for some vulgar cartoons of the imagination of the "living" writer. (It was like the West in a sudden way). A dumb dumb thing is the way a crazy Sinatra had a boring nose-bimbo, which was largely ignored by McLean. As the film progresses, we discover that Sinatra finds the actors very stupid for him, just as Bembo Ashkar sees Sinatra not as low for her. There is some snooping and disrespect to be discovered in the Maclin script. McLean is treated as worthless by everyone, while Bembo Ashkar is treated as a princess and cultured; the irony is that the character of the latter is stupid and not heavy at all. Her behavior, comments and opinions are often cliché, silly, confused, patriotic and primitive. At least McClellan's character knows she is stupid. There is another irony that has not failed to notice: Sinatra has had trouble finding an end to his latest story - like the author of this film, which is why he has reached the crony end. <br /> <br /> The film is mainly composed of solid actors and superb photography, but the script, though sometimes fine, relies heavily on silly nonsense instead of reality-based characters and events. <br /> <br /> If you're interested in reading Sherley McLean's "My Resume" and other Hollywood intellectuals, contact me by e-mail.
