Vera-Ellen was a curious film of Sonia Heeny, who portrayed ice skating: blond, my daughters, always watching him, but not very well represented, usually packed with weak material. When I watch the epic dance of Vera Elaine with Jane Kelly in "Words and Music", I can only point out that her shirt (yellow with narrow red horizontal lines) seems to be made of South Vietnam flag. For some reason, the American actress Vera-Ellen was represented in "musicians" (separated by several years) in the city of Edinburgh, a city not known for its dancing: "Be Happy" and "Happy Joe's Beautiful." <br /> <br /> Finally, Cesar Romero plays the role of an American emperio who for some reason organizes a musical in Edinburgh. There is a vague attempt to link this show to the Edinburgh Festival, which is nonsense: the festival is not a show of attractive leg shows. We also see a few shots of the Royal Mile: Apart from some Highland accents, there is no attempt to convey the Scottish air in this film. At first, when we learn that Romero's title is "Frolics to You": This is a shy mantra that the British and the Yankees will get. <br /> <br /> Vera-Elaine, as usual, is attractive, attractive and impressive, but the few musical numbers in this film are boring and bad. The plot - the wrong identity between the tycoon David Neven and the reporter Gordon Jackson - is not rational, although it is no more than dozens plots of Hollywood musical films. Romero is less disturbing than usual here, perhaps because he (once) is not required to convince us that he is interested in the status of the heroine. <br /> <br /> The biggest single crime in this film is Bobby Hob's misuse. Sally Ann Hauze's father was a major star in West End plays. His wise delivery "She's My Lovely" was a great success in Britain in 1937. Here, he appears in several scenes as a mortal to Romero, but he never had the chance to participate in a musical number, or even a real comedy. It is entirely criminal that this film - with an address that contains the word "beautiful" and certainly conjures up the greatest successes of Hayes - will cast a great British musical star but will not give him anything! <br /> <br /> The delightful personal actress Ambrose Felipots (who once worked with her) shines in a single restaurant sequence, and there is a glimpse of the condemned beauty of Kay Kendall. As a close associate of Vera-Ellen, a man named Diane Hart speaks in one of the most disturbing sounds I have ever heard: it seems like an attempt to imitate Joan Greenwood and Glennis Jones at the same time, but it does not. Val Guest is famous, but this film does not reach the level of comedy movies wonderful. Color photography is miserable, although I realize that post-war Britain could not afford the Hollywood business. "Happy Go Lovely" is at best a time sloppy and cute, with the "squatter" is the operative word. I will only rate this film 4 out of 10.
