You have to understand, when Wargames was launched in 1983, it created a generation of computer hackers. The idea that a teenager could do anything of distant dimensions, let alone deterring world war, was a new and exciting idea. Real computers began to appear in people's homes, and for the first time, society became so interconnected that the film made assumptions strange. The modern computer that balances leisure time between chess and the global thermonuclear war is admittedly far out of reach, but the remarkable suspension of nuclear proliferation and the Cold War was well qualified. You may have heard about hackers who actually relied on this film. <br /> <br /> Fast forward for 25 years, and we have a terrible boom for something to call it "sequel", called maneuvers: The Law of the Dead. I will dig directly. First of all, the plot stops at the government-run gambling site, where people who automatically win games are suspected of terrorism. Perhaps you are confused by your order now. The idea is that the terrorist will eventually click on the sub-game inside the website called "The Dead Code" as they drive an airplane over a city and spray it with biological weapons. At some stage of the game, you have to choose between "sarin gas" and "anthrax". If you choose "sarin", then you are automatically confirmed as an expert in bio-terror weapons and your family is detained and interrogated. In the film, this actually happens. However, since the payment for the game was from a bank account that was suspicious, it is clear that all of this is logical. <br /> <br /> Second, AI's Avatar in this bomb directly to the DVD is an annoying flash animation that keeps repeating pop-up sound clips of the ad "Play with me darling". Because apparently in the future, advanced artificial intelligence is losing interest in intellectual pursuits such as chess, and is becoming pornographic. <br /> <br /> Thirdly, the motivation behind these "hackers" is profit and women, rather than pure curiosity as in the original film. For some reason, the films of modern hackers feel the need to depict all young people as being the mediocre middle-class of people who look alike. This may work in a regular sitcom, but, come on, do not learn how to grab government computers by doing your hair and playing sports and shopping at the mall, people. The only thing I noticed was that at some point in the dialogue, there was a reference to Matt Damon's film, and later there was the phrase "Good Hunting, Will." I swear, they named the main character "Will" for this phrase so they could send five people to Mr. Damon. This child was not bad, but he certainly was not like any maniac infiltrator I ever met. I can not quite mention how much I'm bothered by that this movie shares the same original name, because it has nothing in common with it except ?? Professor Falken and Joshua (WOPR) are re-creating this film, as an old man seems to die of boredom, and an old Tic Tac Toe machine with a loud voice. After some induction, Joshua (AI) seems to have sex with the new artificial intelligence in a pornographic voice, a set of board games flashing on the big screens, all of which are "the only way to win, not play" supposed to be the revelation of the moment of coronation. Except that those of us who saw the original version, as you know, those who wish to see it in the first place were already there and did so. A recycled end to a film made from manure last month. <br /> <br /> The new movie was directed by a man who made 90210, and wrote it to people who shoot B movies. The original was directed by a man who was busy with "heroes", so you see the quality teams there. There was talk of a real remake, but I hope they will not destroy this classic again. I swear, if I have to, I will visit every gambling site until I find the site run by a psychotic state computer. The saving grace is that I managed to stream this on Netflix, so at least the only energy I spent to watch this disaster was to breathe, click and indigestion.
