Someone, one day, must study architecture because they appear in horror films; all those explorations of strangely placed palaces, the search for secret passages and caches, the tracking of monsters through aerial channels, and so on. I can only remember a few of the films in which architecture played a major role throughout the film - "Demon Seeds", "The Cube", a new edition of "The Thirteen Spirits" - but it is at the heart of every story about a house, The whole thing is about personality and the effect of spaces, corridors and walls. So I was looking forward to this excitement where I promised to be pivotal. The idea is that the architect, in fact, rebuilt himself as a huge and wandering house; his wife had just left him, mainly because he was concentrating on himself, but also because she could not get used to the place since its restructuring. He lives in an unusual isolation (real this time, not hypothetical), and doubts that someone else - a stranger came to the door one night and asked to use the phone and then suddenly disappeared - lives at home with a ladder; the place is just big enough not to see it Start. <br /> <br /> This is a good start for Milodrama, whose development is expected to follow some of these lines: After searching the home for a hacker several times without success, the engineer uses his schemes to conduct more systematic searches, trying in different ways to surprise, An ambush for the intruder, perhaps by some special features he built in the temple. In the meantime, the intruder discovered places to hide and ways to return between places that the architect did not expect or remember. The film will turn into a cat and mouse game, a hunt, a battle; and finally, in an attempt to trap the intruder, the architect will end up in his own company, in a way he did not expect. Then he will have to think about himself - perhaps at the same time because of his self-imposed isolation - and at the end he may touch, and possibly kill, the **** er. Nothing like this happens in this movie; the house is just a house, the architect is just a man, and his enemies have an unknown character, if it exists at all. Here's what happens in the film: Once the intruder is installed in the house - if - the architect begins to hear noise noises, but when he goes to the investigation finds nothing. He talks to the police and thinks he is a little nut; he convinces his scattered wife to spend the night, and she thinks he is more nut. Finally, in one way or another, he bumps into the intruder (does not look good, but the numbers, who could have been? - not a difficult question, in a story, to this point, less than the three main characters) , And cast the key (do not know why I think this is necessary), leaving his victim starving. I missed the reason: Doors and walls are made of steel? In any case, the architect takes a nap in his car. Since the idea of ​​the film has remained undeveloped and can not be developed now, something else must be designed to replace it. That is: Architect - Are you ready? - Moves to the house of the man who is supposed to have moved to him, and lives there in the same way. How is this possible? It is not, but the film takes this way to try to make it look like this: the architect drew a picture of the man who came to his door; when he leaves the house takes the picture with him. As he sat in his car, he threw the picture in the street; two children picked him up and noticed that he looked like Martin, their neighbor; the architect asked where his house was and the children were on the road. <br /> <br /> If this sequence is about to happen, what it entails is drowning. , Unaware of her; very hidden in his movements and sly in his reading to his hostess that he is always able to leave the room as soon as she enters or ducks out of sight just as she turns. In this section, the film is clever in one way or another, which makes (or leaves it to the viewer to clarify) that his life with this stranger, who does not know he is there, is basically the same life he lived with his wife as a virtual home with it as a comfortable buffer. But at the same time, his inability to live in the world makes his transformation into Raffles a cat thief completely unbelievable. Not going into the series of transformations at the end - including another murder that was achieved by locking someone behind another invincible door - this door to a very fragile landing collapses under the weight of a wheelchair; two nice people who take the kill in a step; And (before the story begins) construction without being noticed by a tunnel under many houses .... to the long awaited touches, adds another film, to make it more offensive, then ... ends. <br /> <br /> This story is based on the evolution of two things - the stranger's idea of ​​the house, the personality of the man who is his home - and both flops. The first stutter makes them dull. The second made me angry, because he pushed his main character farther and farther on a more winding path, and never offered any explanation for the most sought-after character: Martin Bunny tunnel and the infiltrating tenant. The story must be rewritten by someone, someday.
