"The Absolute Beginners" was a film for the younger generation, a multi-stage film that discussed the issues teenagers faced in Britain, and how these troubled problems, which constantly strike every note, can relate to adolescent problems with tomorrow's youth. It was possible to call it "Moulin Rouge" in the 1980s, but it disappeared. It has made a shallow imprint on the world, infiltrated under the radar, and can now be found gathering dust in the music section, comedy section, or politically obscure section of the stunning video store that does not need a series of money to survive. Unfortunately, was not this where I found it? But I found it, saw it, tried my best to sing with it, stared at Bowie's eyes, but I found myself faded by the end. Have you not survived the test of time? Are London 1950s far from our current society? Is Bowie too creepy? I think that "starter novices" fall somewhere in each of these questions as a perfect example of a cinema that begins violently, but withers to a mere sparkle in the end. <br /> <br /> The Absolute Beginners opens up a large number that takes us through London's unspeakable streets involving robbery every night, prostitutes at every corner, dancing around, wine like rivers, and closer relationships to almost everyone. Sounds like a place we all hated to be? right? Director Julian Temple keeps the light and mood on most songs while trying to figure out something about a large number of key characters. Most of what we follow is Colin, who plays Eddie O'Connell, who follows his dreams of being a photographer while filming his favorite girls, Suzette (played by Batsy Kinsett). These two have chemistry, and while Suzette looks like Lohan before rehabilitation, they have worked for me. There was a big spark between them, chemistry was like lava, and I think these two could take me in a way I never traveled to. Ready? But then, something happened. The Temple brings us out of the nightlife, and brings us out of the city we grew up with at first, and reflects the roles completely without any dedication in the first. Suzette fled, and Colin became oblique, and Boi ?? Okay ?? I'm not quite sure of his role but he sings amazingly well while climbing a mountain? I can tell you that much. Timble gives us this bright city, this opportunity to see the ones you inhabit, but leaves us hanging high and dry when it's time to pull the trigger. We know Colin, basically, but no one else. I may be able to watch this film again and I am still equally confused about who is angry at who, and how important the costumes are in that era. Also, were they really teenagers? They all looked like they were paying late twenties, but maybe it was my television. <br /> <br /> Character has been developed immediately, Temple tries to compensate by giving us bigger and more luxurious songs using more characters we know nothing about. One of my favorite songs in the film uses this thought as an initial example. Temple uses a divided house to show us the life of Dean Collin (I did not know they were even after the movie) and a song that exclaims indifference. The great song, a lot of characters, not enough time, suddenly rushed to another scene of cohesion missing, just collapsed into your hands. And then, if that is not enough, we throw our heads to the rhythm of some wonderful songs, and we break the doctrine of "trying to understand where our characters are heading or going, and Timble gives hatred, anger and politics in the end ... While I hope this film has a dedicated theme, Suddenly, friends are missing, people are angry, and there is a random person running around fighting Colin because he lives in poverty and has a friend of a different race? For me, it was not the end of the "Absolutely Beginners" anywhere The first part was the speed, and Timbell could not keep up with it. <br /> <br /> In general, I must say that Temple can direct a music video, but I do not think he was quite ready for the feature film I do not think this film will turn it into a complete "cult" and it will probably remain uneducated or in the dollar box for years to come - it's a fun movie to watch at first, but when we get to this last part, it just explodes from inside. In some sophisticated work, but instead I found that the hideous Bowie along with characters I did not care about. I was able to see how this film could be related to the young people of the 1980s, but in the end I felt forced. I think everyone in this production had to take a moment and listen to the "drive" by Bowie in this strange film, perhaps he has helped cement this feature in a better cult state. I'm glad I saw this movie once, but that's all I can do with my little mind. I loved the way Temple taught me from the beginning, but he could not control his characters (too much), and the songs did not seem to match the last moments of the film. He came out of nowhere and was not welcome. If this is a film about racism, it should be from the beginning. "Absolute Beginners" was a welcome adventure, but I do not think I will delete this film in the future. <br /> <br /> Row: ** From *****
