This film ends with a letter telling us the fate of two eminent persons and that the names of people and places have changed ... before telling us that the relationship with actual people and events was purely coincidental. This finish line sums up all of the above. The film Rino Di Silvestro also lacks anarchist vision, and if there is any point to the plot; it was not intentionally put there. Werewolf Woman is often seen as a guilty pleasure or a "very bad" film, but I disagree completely. Usually, I enjoy movies like this; but Werewolf Woman is actually a bad film, and despite all the sex and brutality displayed; it does not make even a pleasant hour, and this is unforgettable. The film does not really contain much of the plot, but the sliver we give it includes a young woman who happens to dream of being a wolf. She dreams of going out, finding men, having sex with them and killing them in the end. Back in the real world, she falls in love with her, but her boyfriend kills and goes out for revenge ... <br /> <br /> The film consists of scenes of sex and the tumor, lined with sequences of very boring talk in which different characters study recent events. These scenes may be there to reorient the plot and build characters; but they do not really do it, and only succeed in converting what could be an acceptable exploit into a very disappointing film. It seems that the director was more interested in the elegance and atmosphere of the plot, and this shows through the fact that the film looks nice. Sexual scenes are often overlapping and not very exciting, but injustice works well. The hypothesis has come to make way for a very interesting segment of exploitation, where there are many naked women, and the fact that the central character of the wolf origin means there may be a lot of erotica. But that does not benefit him, and although I can afford huge doses of bad plot lines and poor planning, I can not stand to watch movies and boredom. Overall, I do not recommend this movie to the masses of big exploitation. There are a lot of good things better than this, and although the title may sound interesting - the film is not.
