"La Luba Manara" is also known as. "Werewolf Woman" in 1976 is a very promising film, but unfortunately, the film itself is far from necessary for my fellow Italian horror fans. You will not hear me say that Rino Di Silvestri is totally bad - it has its elegant moments, and the first half is very interesting to watch (though the fun is unintended). The film also benefits from the leading actress at the show, Anik Borel. However, the film, which has no real plot (at least not a single line) is often illogical at all and extends incredibly throughout the second half that is unnecessary. <br /> <br /> A strange Daniela (Anek Borrell) dreams of dancing naked at night before turning into a werewolf woman. Since being raped as a girl, Daniela fears men. Then, when her sister (Dagmar Lazander's siren) comes to visit with her husband, Daniela suddenly feels attracted to the husband and then turns into a wolf-like woman herself ... or something. The story of the film is not really simple, making the film very enjoyable to watch throughout the first half. The main character of Daniela is a combination of massive schizophrenia of hysteria and erotic lust, which sometimes turns into a werewolf woman. De Silvestre chose to compensate for the holes confirmed by a lot of female nudity, which suits me. There are also some beautiful gore moments well done. The film is never disturbing or creepy, but it is very entertaining at first. Also, there are no attempts to hide that this is a segment of the corrupt, so the camera often makes close-up shots of the parts of Miss Borel for simple verification. I do not complain. Then, for some reason, De Silvestre chose to make the film longer by changing the direction in which he was walking in full. While Daniela, initially a typical dove, can not help but follow the motives of her curse, this suddenly changes when she meets a young man (Howard Ross, who was in Fernando de Leo in "Boss" in 1973). Suddenly, she returned to normal again, and the next part of the film did not walk at all in the first half. It's boring damn pretty after a while. All the things that have been taken into consideration, it might have been better for this 99-minute film to be only 70 minutes long. In the end, they want to make us think that the silly story (if one can call it) is based on real events. "The Werewolf" has some ransom qualities; my fellow fans of Italo-Horror can experience it. However, if you want to see the Italian horror / exploitation cinema of the 1970s, there are hundreds of films you should see before watching this movie.
