I think the writers never read a book of any kind, much less than Dickens', certainly not David Copperfield, and they relied on their scenario on another badly written script, perhaps adapted to Copperfield, although anything else was possible, Randomly about a third of the pages, then they switched the rest, along with some random pages from a script written by the nephew of someone in eighth grade for a semester in English, and got a failing grade. <br /> <br /> If the choice is a bad joke - for example, Richards in the role of Kramer in the Micawber play - as it was, the direction and representation are poorly delivered punching lines. Kramer stepped into the role of a musician. If possible, he was very angry and unjust, but I was half expecting him at some point to see him being chased by an angry cross and a mob of villagers. Oria was almost a clown character like a mikauber. Mr. Murdstone raised the same amount of horror that the blood in the dolls brought up from Sesame Street. I think the actor who played the older role was a woman. However, always considering that he wished he could find a mirror to see his beautiful shape, and was afraid that he looked really beautiful, he hardly convinced us that he was writing by feather. While we are on the subject, in one of the many inaccurate inaccuracies of half-light producers of this embarrassment, in the unnecessary footage of David writing his story, it seems somewhere between 18 and 21, when he must be in his forties . Perhaps the biggest violation, though difficult to choose, was the confrontation that was invented between David and Mordston during his trial of a third wife in Switzerland, which was preceded, of course, by the death of his second wife in Merdstone. While they were there, it was a surprise that they did not send Heep to the guillotine, and ask them to throw out the last famous Sydney cartoon words. It can not make things much worse really. It may be much better. <br /> <br /> There are already thousands of small and large sins against literature throughout this abortion of art, and anyone who sees it is at risk of serious and permanent damage in all aspects of their sensitivity.
