London Dreams, directed by Vipul Shah, is a frustrated fool movie about stupid people. It is a kind of film in which the central dispute can be resolved immediately if the persons concerned sit and chat. Ajay Devgan plays Arjun, an ambitious, performance-oriented artist in front of a cheering crowd at Wembley Stadium in London. He is jealous of his loyal friend, fellow musician Manu, who played Salman Khan, who is obviously more talented than him, but not close to focus or ambition. Arjun decides to sabotage Manu when he threatens the popularity of the latter with his country's superiority. Now here has been helped from heart to heart. If Arjun explained what this Wembley fix meant for him, Manu would have willingly backed down and let Arjun realize his childhood dream, and we would have avoided seeing the rest of this uninspired leadership. But director Vibol Shah and his writers are not in the mood for any service. London Dreams is full of unintentional gems like the back story of Arjun's grandfather who committed suicide out of shame because of his fear of theater at a concert at Wembley. Or an ironic incident at the show where Manu must take over the vocal responsibilities after an explosion of confetti practically strangles Arjun in silence. Crap, however, does not end there. In his attempts to publicly disgrace Manu, Arjun uses his prayers to get Mano hooked on drugs. Massive groups urge Manu to drop a few tequila shots with her but replace the salt with cocaine. Before she knew that, Manu gained a taste of addictive white powder, almost knocking it like dinner. If that is not ridiculous, there is an obscene scene later Manu chasing after the girl mentioned to see who was receiving orders from him. Omar ends up in a dark alley in London, where the girl falls on her knees, pretending to do little to mislead Mano's girlfriend, who was secretly following her. Wait, there's more! Expect a hysterical howl when Arjun retrieves his belt and beats himself mercilessly to remove all romantic ideas or lusts towards the lead dancer played by the band Priya (played by Asin) because nothing and no one should distract him from his musical goals. Milano Foreman's Amadeus is very inspired because it deserves any comparison with Rock-On! Last year, Vibol Shah is another clunky melodrama that is loosely directed as written. The film goes to a broad sense of humor, distinct emotions, and chooses the sound primarily on precision. This is true of Manu, where Salman Khan plays with enthusiasm and affection, but in the case of Arjun, Ajay Defgan runs out in a very negative performance with a performance that is often absorbed. When Arjun reaches the boiling point, this leads to an embarrassing scene before the peak, where he lectures in a hall full of celebrations and is filled with plastic bottles with punishment. Among the remaining actors, there is no nice word I can mention to Asin, who practically ignited Ghajini with her spirited charm, but she is disappointed here because of excessive over-representation in the role of the ungrateful. Ranvijay Singh and Aditya Roy Kapoor, who have become mere side talents in the band, appear at regular intervals and usually utter some crazy dialogue such as, "We'll beat you!" Due to its dull writing and slow direction, London Dreams is finally a stressful hour. If you need it, look for Salman Khan, who has turned the festivals into a style that works brilliantly. It is the only thing that will make you smile in this sad and sad film.
