When this film was first shown on television, I had high hopes that we would finally have a good film about World War I as seen by American soldiers. Unfortunately, it was not. <br /> <br /> It should have been a good film about World War I. Although it was made for television, it is clear that a real effort has been made to use the appropriate equipment and props. But the writing and directing are largely lacking, although the makers of this film are obviously freely borrowed from quite a few well-made war films. The cliches of the war movie are as many as the arrogant general who does not seem to care about the lives of his men. When will Hollywood realize that, despite the presence of many bad generals, most of the generals of the combat units have seen a lot of fighting and are not making fun of their intermediate experiences? The first part of this film appeared to be "Paths of Glory" with American costume. But the "Paths of Glory" were emotionally gripping. Later there was a Chamberlain charge (except the arduous) of Gettysburg and even the capture of the American soldier by a gang of enemy soldiers from the "High Red Line". But in the "high red line", the soldier was alone when captured. In this film, a ring is formed around the new prisoner in the middle of the battle. <br /> <br /> If this film uses a military adviser, it has been ignored. Although the actors (and I can not forget they were actors during the viewing) brilliant military tactics, I have not seen much of them. American soldiers were standing to be shot while the Germans attacked. It seems that the infamous storm forces, which were apparently blind, do not use any tactics at all in their attack. In the real war, tactics were what made the storm forces very effective. But the hottest scene was the attack from German flame launchers. In this scene, the German flame launchers marched in a broad line toward defending Americans. If this is true, they will not be close enough to use their own flame launchers before they are all shot by the guns. <br /> <br /> Well, most war films are unrealistic when it comes to tactics. But it is still disappointing. But what really disgusted me about this veto was the anti-war angle that filmmakers seem to think is important. True, war is hell. But most American soldiers, though complaining and failing, tend to believe what they are doing and can stick to it. He served earnestly in the First World War. Despite his death four years before my birth, he told me how proud he was of his service.
