The films from the children's actors' championship put themselves on the back foot from the beginning. While there are some exceptions, the majority of children can not act and even children who can become irritating usually after a few minutes. The children at Paperhouse have managed to capture the worst of both worlds, since they are very annoying and have no ability to act among them. In short; they're trash. This is not a good thing considering it represents potential customers, and this is not a good thing when you think about the fact that it is almost impossible to take this movie seriously because of the trash representatives. It is a shame that this film is a great loss because the plot is not (not fully). Follows a little girl who wakes up in the fantasy world she has made after drawing a picture of a house in her notebook. It soon becomes clear to her that she can handle this world through her drawings, and thus begin to make different changes, until her dream becomes a nightmare in the end. my dear. <br /> <br /> As you can see, this line of painting gives you a fantastic base for a good fantasy horror movie. However, it is dispelled by a number of fatal errors. First of all, although the premise is an excellent introduction to a lot of creativity; the film is very old. Hardly played the central plot at all, the result is a completely boring experience. The lack of tension is another major flaw in the film, as it is appropriate to pull each string to a point that you no longer care about (because of lack of ideas). Thanks in part to his main characters, the film looks like a children's movie all the time. This is expected as he gets to the stars, but Bernard Rose had to decide the tilt he wanted to put in the story; because the horror in the film is laughable at best. The film is also very cheesy, the "romance" between the two halves is very worthy and makes for a very painful viewing. In fact, if I had to summarize this false picture with one word, I would choose "painful." Paperhouse behaves badly, is a laughable scheme, very tacky and dull on the whole. Save yourself pain, and see something else.
