The Eternal Jew (Der Ewige Jude) does not have what we call today scientific document marks: Instead of naming experts or sources to support what you say, he simply says, without objection, what he wants us to believe (one will admit that the US news reports at that time were also Less organized than what appeared to be ethical to the modern public, and often included scenes of the play and passed as a piece of real news). In addition to the publicity directed at the fact that the director Hepler was "preaching the converts," many pagan Europeans did not demand that they hate Jews, such as verifying the validity of the feelings many of them should have already borne, in order to allow the Holocaust that followed. The weakest link in the logic of the film appears in its analogy of "rats", where it goes on to explain the behavior of mice, then adds something to the effect "Well, the Jews are like them too." Similarly, he describes the Jewish people as ugly by showing the ugly Jewish people compared to the pagan nations; the accompanying leap of faith is that the ugly is bad. The film seems to contradict itself several times, for example by attacking western painters who portrayed Old Testament figures as light-skinned Europeans. Thus, the text recognizes that the so-called "Hebrew" race is in fact an inherent aspect of Christian culture. Jewish Jews who willingly live in Roth are also full of cockroaches, despite the presumptive treasure they have acquired, and then flounder that these undesirable people live in wealth and luxury as soon as they leave the Jewish Quarter. By the way, who did not? The use of scenes from a well-known American film, House of Rothschild, shows an equally unambiguous publication of logic. First the film is denounced as being made by Jews; then Habler apparently uses it to verify the deception of the Jews (the Jewish pretext cited above for the poverty of Jewish Jews, which appears as a means of avoiding taxes, although the "spin" of the Rothschild character is that Jews are subject to excessive tax ); Finally, the Rothschild film is performed again because it means that the famous banking family invented a checking account. This obvious neutrality may become apparent if US footage is more positively or negatively reflected through repeated observations, but at first glance, some checks are not clear. For all the imperfections of an eternal Jew, I was initially surprised that the IMDb Viewer rating for this movie is as high as it is, just shy of the "5" yet. I say the reason is that the documentary value of the EJ has exceeded the original purpose, where we have inadvertently given a look at the lives of European Jews because they will not see it after a few years. Needless to say, the film is very bad and offers a historical view of bad or evil filmmaking simply as a propaganda tool. Around this time, I expect that Hepler will flounder again, and move forward to say "That's what I meant all the time!" The scenes depicting the slaughter of animals are especially appalling, and are manifestly inhumane, contrary to the intent of the law to prevent animal suffering. I would like someone who has seen the film and has some knowledge of these procedures, to comment on whether the picture is accurate.
