La Chute de la Maison Usher, or The Fall of House of Usher, begins with Allan (Charles Lamy) to the castle of his close friend Sir Roderick Usher (Jean Debucourt), who sent him a letter saying that his wife Madeleine is sick . Once there Alan now finds Madeleine very sick and her husband Roderick is almost determined and obsessed to draw her picture. As Rodler paints that Madeleine becomes weaker and weaker as if the picture drains life from her, Alan tries to help his friend but the tragedy will soon erupt ... <br /> <br /> This French production was written jointly, produced and directed by Jean Epstein, From two films entitled "The Fall of the House of Osher" in 1928, I honestly do not know that the original novel was published in 1839, means you are waiting 89 years for filming and filming two Come at the same time! Anyway, I feel like I have a small problem here as I read a lot of positive comments about La Chute de la Maison Usher, and maybe I'm not the right type to write a comment on it, but I must say that it simply did not do anything for me. I did not like it, obviously the first thing I say is that this is a silent film, so it depends on the pictures, but even I thought the story was weak. I thought the film was boring and boring, although it lasted only about an hour and did nothing to me. Absolutely. La Chute de la Maison Usher has been produced for nearly 80 years, and this is literally age, I have moved the world, cinema and tastes a lot since then and I did not find fun in this film. I feel that this film is poorly dated and maybe it was not good to start anyways. I never felt any of the characters, I never cared about anything that was happening and I found it very boring to sit down, and I'm sorry if you hurt any silent film lover there but so I felt. <br /> <br /> The director Epstein does a good job, and a lot of people wander around the pictures in La Chute de la Maison O'Hare, and I will freely admit that her moments are definitely, but I thought they were few and far between. I do not like the music and the version that I saw kept the original French inserts that the man told in the most beautiful French languages ​​of splendor which was also off putting. Based on the story of Edgar Allan Bo, I doubt that this is much like him apart from a single element or two, and committed himself to the Roger Korman House of Oshr starring Vincent Price. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film was fine looking at the time it was made. You can not simply talk about acting, where no one ever speaks even though the film is full of unnatural exaggerated movements to try to suggest emotions or express what is going on and that works fairly well but after a short time it just seems a bit. <br /> <br /> La Chute de la Maison Usher will appeal to those who long for a past era, living in caves or stuck in the past, for me I would like to have my films story, not because I tend to hear & I'm sorry If this latest statement makes me look like an uneducated idiot but that's what I feel. The world has moved since 1928 and for the better.
