It's clear that the people who made "Dead At The Box Office" love B-movie. All public references to this type, from stock personalities (a power figure that does not think the brutal invasion is actually happening) to the Kevin Smith style discussions are re-represented to the moments of the recent Duane Jones of "Night of the Living Dead" not once but twice. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, it takes more than just a good movie. <br /> <br /> Choosing staging and taking pictures is neither impressive nor imaginable. While the common advice in the cinema school is to avoid the Masters Theater and to tell the whole story in a wide shot, here we find the other face as in several strings where it is difficult to discover the spatial relationships between the characters as the story tells a series of intermediate shots with no fixed shot To connect them together. Editing is monotonous and basic and sometimes there are non-motivating cuts. The lighting is flat and sometimes muddy, making it difficult to see the viewer in the dark theater (was there lighting, or was it available with only available light?). Some shots are out of focus. The dialogue is vulgar, and the presentations are, for the most part, one of the observations (Isaiah Robinson shows some presence in the energy and the screen as Kickers, and the actor who plays the show has some delightful written readings; Michael Allen Williams as theater director and Casey Kirkpatrick as an enthusiastic geek for the film Eric has some nice moments) . The premise is ridiculous, even for the dust of horror B (also, it's so bad that Dr. Eisner was not familiar with the Paperclip project - he could have saved himself a lot of trouble!). "Zombie" is not threatened, and her makeup is unconvincing (although the dense zombie tries to eject gumball from the device raised a smile). For the film, I admire the zombie, there is very little blood or violence, although it exists, but it is treated very well. Occasional music, although it is stylistically uneven, is rather nice at times and there are some good influences. "War Warp" was a fun time to listen, although the pictures she was walking with were less fun to watch. Unfortunately, the enclosed dialogue seems flat. Was this snapshot as uncoordinated (questionable, through which the video looks)? I saw the special introduction from Troma Films' Lloyd Kaufman before the main feature - although it consisted mainly of Kaufman blocking his own purposes and confessing that he did not watch the movie while someone stole the Toky mask, his production and entertainment value was higher than "the dead .. "Itself (quickly apart from anyone who combines the DVD together - the countdown on the leader of the movie makes a sound only on the flash frame 2, not every number plus one after). For this matter, the filmgoers of the vampires are seen as they watch the early "dead ..." seemed much more entertaining than this. A recommendation to avoid this, unless you know someone involved in the production or you are complete Lloyd Kaufman (plays the role of "Kaufmann the client" in the film within the film). <br /> <br /> (Full disclosure: My girlfriend is an additional element in this film. I swear that this has not colored my rating.)
