In response to previous comments made by residents of the area where this animation was filmed: one person suggested that the closure and destruction of Ocean View amusement park resulted in a decline in neighborhoods. This is simply not true. Before the creation of Highway 64, which bypasses the ocean view, the main traffic route passes through the heart of the ocean landscape. Once the highway is completed, Ocean View quickly becomes a ghost town with businesses closing and crime increasing. This has led to a significant reduction in park revenues, which also faced new competition from nearby Busch Gardens in Williamsburg. At the same time, in the past few years, Norfolk has done a great job in promoting redevelopment so that the area has become a desirable location for luxury housing. <br /> <br /> The footage of the destruction of the roller coaster was said to have been used in the film "Rollercoaster". This is also incorrect. Two shots were shot of two motor vehicles that were interested in the trip to this film, but the actual explosions and crashes are exclusive to the "Garden of Death from the Ocean." <br /> <br /> As for the film itself, the story of the "supernatural" power in the water adjacent to the garden is certainly ridiculous, but it is fairly typical for B movies at the time. With the cast, there should be no surprise that the scene was almost everywhere by the main actors. I do not think this film was intended to be another Ken Citizen; I think Playboy was being experimented with a new format that is not shame to determine if this is an area where the company is expanding (apparently not!). Perhaps a strange force in the water caused strange events in an old park that looked good at the conference table, but proved to be unmanageable. The roller coaster and the rest of the park were directed to the shattered ball anyway. "Let's come in a strange way to justify an explosive explosion!" <br /> <br /> For exceptional film viewers, this will be a "watch-and-forget" movie (with the exception of Diana Canova fans). But for the thousands of people who live in the area with wonderful memories of the park, it's like a "walk in the memory lane" to see park footage as well as old shots from downtown Norfolk, the first "Harborfest" and the University of Old Dominion. Even the limited version of this movie on DVD will be welcome.
