Strange Hoobre strange exercise around an unfortunate young man (Brad Doriff) with the ability to set fire to people. This ability stems from parents who participated in atomic experiments in the 1950s. They die from the spontaneous burning of the human, and it seems that what Sam started suffering from derivatives of these pills girlfriend Lisa (Cynthia Pine) gives him a migraine treatment. In fact, Lisa was asked to manipulate Bassam to take birth control pills by Leo Orlander (William Prince), the father of the young man who raised him from a child. Lew has good plans. Sam sees himself as the first "atomic man", a pure killing machine in human form. Sam never wanted to do that and would do his best to silence those responsible. As the film goes, Sam's blood grows slowly, green in color instead of red. Water and other materials that often extinguish the fire appear to react in the opposite direction when uncontrollable poison fires are ignited. Come to find out that Lisa is infected with the case of Sam, whose parents also died in the hospital. Dr. Marsh (John Seifer), a person Sam has long known as his doctor, is introducing toxic green liquid into their bodies, and I suspect that their levels of flame increase. Nina (Melinda Dillon, speaking in a tone that faded away) was a friend of Sam's parents and was involved in the experiences of the 1950s and was trying to talk to him about what was going on. Rachel (Dae Young) is Sam's former wife who may work against her ex-husband with Lewis and Marche to hurt him and Lisa. <br /> <br /> Flick about a little strange horror, filled with some very nasty and flame-inspiring effects. Dorev tries to bring a tragic and intense element to his character that we continue his ordeal as his body slowly turns into poisonous waste with often flaring out of its holes. There is this big hole in his arm that spits the flame like a volcano and a huge burning spot on his hand that grows in size over time. The best scene is when director John Landis, who portrays a rude electrician trying to inform Sam of the comment, because the radio program he is connected to has ended overnight, becomes a victim of SHC. The click never works because it is completely unequal to a sudden and ironic conclusion where Sam is exposed to liberating Lisa from her fire by taking it from her.
