Professor Paul Steiner conducts research in the field of substance transfer. He has developed a machine that he can use to make things like a wristwatch or rodents disappear, just to make that object somewhere else. But some in his research center do not like or agree with his experiences and will do their best to make sure he does not succeed. After a failed demonstration that may have provided funding, Professor Steiner decides to test the machine on himself. As expected, things go horribly wrong and turn into a crazy man who is very afraid and kills nothing but touching him. <br /> <br /> In the end, it may not have been good to see The Projected Man again in the same week as I saw the fly, the fly back, and the fly curse. There seem to be a lot of movies about the transmission of the substance and the potentially terrible effects that may occur on the human body that must be borne by one person over a period of three or four days. I'm not sure who is responsible for the movie list as the source of The Projected Man, but many of them are like fly films to the extent that they can not be just a coincidence. However, The Projected Man is not the same as the worst Fly Triple. <br /> <br /> In addition to being not terribly original, The Projected Man has many other problems that have already hurt the movie. A big problem I have is with Bryant Haliday in the lead. It is such a horse that not only cares about its suffering, but is already in it. Team members Mary Beach and Ronald Allen are almost as bad. They are very nice and boring. In fact, there is very little excitement while watching The Projected Man. Soundtrack ?? Not very memorable. Appearance "I would like to describe many of them as" muddy. "The plot is unpredictable, the event is not there, in general, this is something to avoid. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, I saw The Projected Man Via a copy of the episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000. Funny things! While not absolute, often, the poorer movie? Mrest3K was better, the guys hit almost all of their scores with The Projected Man.I will give it 4/5 enthusiastic on the MST3K rating scale mine.
