Posh Spice became Victoria Beckham and her alleged new adventures after moving to Los Angeles for work (David Baal's footballer is now a Galaxy LA player after his move from Real Madrid) was originally a complete series, but luckily shortened to an hour or so. But even in this model, this is still intolerable. <br /> <br /> Like almost all "real" television programs, most of the incident is grossly counterfeit, so the program itself admits that the newly appointed personal assistant Posh is an actress. In an ugly-home manner, we hear some early joking and an early chant (with a clear joke about reciting the clear Becks with the precedent of PA, and more glamorous than PA Rebecca Loos, although its name is not mentioned) with other sequences including a fake dummy to deceive photographers And hopeless attempts to develop a baseball game. <br /> <br /> This could have been more enjoyable if everyone had confessed that it was a fluff piece, and was already reiss or impersonating in the leading role. Impressionist talent Ronnie Ancona was idealistic and better at being posh than Bush himself. If this more rational decision was made, it would be more fun and entertaining. The real thing has been left here (Ms. Ancona may have rejected the scenario as very weak anyway), and although there are strange scattered attempts of self-denial and irony, they never work because of the prior knowledge of the great wealth of La Beckham in advance. And her inability to offer potential jokes; despite the intent to send her image, Ms. Beckham encounters a shallow ego, whose weak characters do not convince her that she has any cheerful spirituality. I suspect that in the case of a more sophisticated documentary approach on the walls, Posh, who walks down any street in Los Angeles and is completely ignored (instead of the frantic scenes of hysteria shown here), and colleagues make the sings not written about the previously mentioned Ms. Loos, This would have made the television marginally better, but as a sterile public relations material, greatness itself would never allow such events to happen. <br /> <br /> After that, subsequent scenes where she made a special appearance on the baseball field where she was indifferently presented to an uninterested crowd would appear to be difficult in the future if she wanted to make it big in Hollywood. Her colleague Skary Spice (nicknamed Mel Brown) also found it impossible to make her a big resident in the movie capital despite her relationship (which was not completed) with a big name, Eddie Murphy. <br /> <br /> Spice Girls was, of course, a group of very successful poplip pop in the mid-1990s. In their native Britain but remain popular briefly in other countries, including the United States. They were certainly a good fun at the height of glory (1997) when there seemed to be a glorious period of optimism in the UK with Cole Britannia and the new Labor government that Spice Girls seemed to sum up better than anyone else at the time, even if they were manufactured to some extent . But it was never a musical or lyrical talent. British optimism soon faded later that year (the starting point was the tragic death of Princess Diana), as the Spice did themselves. Their presence on the musical and entertainment scene quickly became apparent and, if everyone had quietly gone out of public view with dignity to enjoy their wealth, we would all be happy memories encoded in our minds without any guilt. Unfortunately, the emergence of the ugly "celebrity" culture in the UK since the beginning of the millennium has paid for those perceptions, and we have all suffered thousands, if not millions of stories about The Spices and since then, Posh being the worst criminals, with the rest of her colleagues not far behind it . He recently announced that there will be a reunion soon, which is puzzling because they have not gone too far and certainly do not need any additions to their bloated bank accounts. Maybe that's because two of them are struggling single mothers, perhaps? <br /> <br /> Well, it's time for Pix's adventures on the next documentary, I can hardly wait ............. <br /> <br /> Rating: 2 out of 10.
