I tend to love everything that was late Paul Nashchy (R.I.P.) ever. Although all the films of Naschy starring are wonderful, they all enjoy a special charm that can not be found anywhere except in Naschy-flicks, which is always amusing. However, there is no rule without exception named "El Mariscal Del Infierno". "The Devil Owns" (1974) proves. Although the film has the specific Naschy-flick-charm charm, it unfortunately rushes too much and actually becomes really boring. Naschy plays the role of villain Baron Gilles De Lancré, who persecutes people and uses black magic and bloody rites to stay in power. When Gaston de Malbranche (Guillermo Prediston), who fought alongside Gilles de Lancre against the British, learns of the evil Baron's behavior, he decides to turn on his former gun mate and help people free themselves from the tyranny of the demon Baron. ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Leon Clemowski, famously directed by Naschy in "La Noche De Walpurgis" (The Werewolf Vs. The Vampire Woman, 1971), the film Naschy himself has written. Naschy often wrote his own films, and one has to say that he often did a better and more original work than it is here. "Mariscal Del Infierno" was mostly built as a historical adventure rather than a horror film, and becomes quite boring in the middle. Sword and sandal films are often similar to the 1950s, where the film is only set in the Middle Ages. Perhaps the devilish part was added only because the name of the great Paul Nashi is linked to the kind of horror. The film contains its good parts: Paul Naschy who casts strange speeches, and Paul Naschy looks strange, and Paul Naschy performs Satanic things, Paul Naschy tortures innocent victims, and so on. Unfortunately, most of the film focuses on the boring hero and good people, and these moments are boring. It's nice to have a look at the members of the acting team, but unlike most Naschy films, this film does not contain nudity or corruption. There are a few loopholes, but they look mostly unfinished and do not look as enjoyable as with most other Naschy movies. In general, "El Mariscal Del Infierno" is worth only looking for my enthusiastic Naschy colleagues. There are dozens of films starring the Spanish horror god that must be seen before this film, such as "El Jorobado De La Morgue" ("The Hunchback of the Morgue", 1973), "La Orgia De Los Muertos" ("The Hanging" 1973), "El Espanto Surge De La Tumba" (1973), "Latidos De Panico" ("Panic Beats", 1983), "Rojo Sangre" (2004) Danesky "The Werewolf ... RIP Paul Nashi Myths Never Die!
