It is clear that the director and the production team began to paint less of a picture of the Palestinian girl and her family. The film and its website try to point out that Ayat has a secret reason to blow herself up and Rachel - a problem her boyfriend - may have been pregnant. The delicate gloss is the fact that the verses have just witnessed the death of a close friend at the hands of the Israelis - just outside her home. Oh my God, why on earth will you go young, beautiful and smart girl have plans for university study and do such a thing? Is it possible that the emotional hormonal teenager is shocked when he sees someone she loves dying in front of her eyes? These details are worth every 5 seconds in the movie. Other details that have been carefully avoided are that Avichil Levy, Rachels' mother, could have prevented the destruction of the building in which the al-Akhras family lived (along with 22 other families). One has the distinct impression that she is presenting this as a "concession" - should Mrs. Agrass agree to talk to her. "Why should I?" "Since the film was made, the house has been destroyed - it seems that the interview did not produce what it wanted - bringing bulldozers," she says. "She wanted to be a film and a symbol of hope, an opportunity to overcome the deep-seated hatred," she said. Instead, she uses it as an excuse to express a mother of verses while hanging from the house like an island. Moreover, although the women live only 4 miles away, they are far from communicating with facts about the occupation of their Palestinian neighbors, and do they really believe that the dumb lady can fall down to drink a cup of coffee? please. The only chance she had to visit was to meet with Ms. Al Akhras personally and see what kind of life the Akras family originally lived in from Jaffa, but now she is crammed into a refugee camp just four miles away from where Levis lives in relative luxury. Any sympathy I was supposed to get for the sake of obvious good is that Mrs. Levy has resolved her air of good self-bitchiness. By contrast, Ayats' mother is of the kind, frank and loving nature, despite the best efforts of the post-production crew to portray her and her family as monsters. Put even the sound of music and design on one side - I think the muezzin sings every day 4 miles from the Levy family home, always in a very contrasting key of silent modern music that records this exciting excuse for the documentary. There is also a small question of translations - Ms. Levy Direct speaks about the camera in English when she has something to say early, Hebrew when she does not. Al-Akhras spoke only in Arabic, which was sometimes translated, and sometimes translated, always strange, and strongly suspected in an objective film. She was "sunk" under the lights, while Mrs. Levi sat in the air-conditioned lounge. The editing of Mrs. Akher's slides also. I gave him 2 because I loved Ayats the mother and the father, who looked like good, respectable people. Shame on HBO, producer and director, for launching such a stinking bomb.
