Welcome to our town, welcome to your town? Because we recognize the worlds of its cities in 1901 in America, this three play opens with the help of "The Stage Manager," the visual narrator if you want. After his initial introductions, we lead to the homes of two particular families: The Webb's and the Gibb's. <br /> <br /> Certainly this is Central America at the end of the century, the gradual way of American life of the American dream and its magical colors that can seem a bit biased in this dream. Town. Here we see the daily lives of some 2642 residents of Grover's Corners, New Hampshire, even if there are Polish migrant workers who add 500 other workers to numbers, they do not get a look. The work began at the end of three years, after George George (a young William Holden) Unknown, then the age of 22) and Emily fell in love and intends to marry. The thriving love birds that reach the stars and also reach a turning point in their own lives, from the nest they now lived to, to the anxiety of the scourge of adulthood young people make a nervous mistake. The third act is a little more sad. In this work, the intentions of the films become clear. Here we see no life, not commemoration, but death, and in this impasse, the dead return to reconcile their past, to remind us, to tell us Life, and every last minute, should not waste every precious soul. <br /> <br /> In this last trimester, the political stance on films seems to be more evident, too, and feels more of a propaganda ploy for the moral lecture on Central America and how it should run its own country and how it should be arranged. It is not just about Baldna, it is a moral inspiration that targets the lives of "us" and how America can improve its people (excluding Poles, Irish, Native Americans, liberated ethnic minorities) and minorities in general, as well as the pro-American backbone that was not Have a fair role in this novel), such as the middle classes, can live up to the expectations of the American dream through a sincere and honest life. His narration had a stronger effect than anything else he took in It was the cinematic intent to exclude other groups, and to include only the likes of Webb and Gibb in the future of the developing country of the United States, a good film, but also slightly biased in its attitude, as What I thought. <br /> <br /> Taken from the American-born Thornton Wilder (1897-1975), this Pulitzer Prize-winning play, the Oscar-nominated film, was a focal point in the permanent movement of life and three of the most important qualities. Life, love and death, the translation of plays on celluloid comes through the right blur of social consciousness. Our city begins with what seems like a meaningless lesson, like other towns, nothing exciting happens here, if there is anything at all, this city has just the right kind of people, you can still leave the back door open here We see the evolution of these two families' lives, but their moral and social position is more important. Our city may be just "any city", as long as you come from the right part of town.
