Time Changer was picked up because it looked like a travel film for a short time of science fiction and I was in the mood for something like that. The description said that it was a matter of writing things and travel over time, but I did not expect a fundamentalist Christian film! <br /> <br /> The film had special special effects and an interesting hypothesis that could have gone to places and was much more interesting than it ended up being. Our hero, a professor of the Bible from the 1890s, travels eventually to the 1940s and finds that contemporary life is full of evil influences - Jesus is nowhere to be found. This remarkable technological feat is accomplished with the help of a fellow Bible teacher who somehow managed to create a HG-Wells time machine. The film begins to lose some credibility at this stage, which is unfortunate because this happens very early in the film. Earlier (or perhaps later on, we can not remember with certainty), our hero teacher was seen teaching what seemed to be a scientific chapter where he claimed that the scientific results could not be considered valid unless they could be reconciled with what the Bible says. What should be clear to anyone is that this is not clearly what the scientific method is about, yet it is presented so that filmmakers seem to prefer the view that science is useful only if it supports their claims and is not useful. <br /> <br /> Anyway, this belief is completely true and reasonable in the context of personality at the time. Therefore, if we accept this as the truth of the life of these evangelical professors, it is clear that the professor who went and chose the time machine is not a very strong believer because I do not think there is any evidence (and nothing presented) about the physics of time travel in the Bible. So there's a problem with the mixed messages and the credibility there, but it does not matter ... <br /> <br /> After the professor is convinced of taking the jump to the future, the shock of modern technology has been dealt with well in most cases. It was also interesting not to comment on a specific year (the character reads the history of a newspaper for itself, and horns car horn and scare it so as not to end the date: it is only two thousand and .. * Altzmir *). Some shock lasted for a long time. For example, the car was one of the first things he encountered when he arrived and after about two days, I was invited to attend a movie in the church and took a car. I have put his head out the window as a dog power, afraid of headlights, start engine, etc. It looked a little bit because it was there a few days ago by this point and the city seemed very busy traffic. In any case, easy to ignore. The rest of the technical shock went well - especially his first meeting with the television, which was delayed because he did not realize what he was until he saw a child watching someone and using a remote device. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, our hero begins to preach to everyone you actually meet as if he is an authority over all life and religion just because he is past and old. In the end he gets a short moment in the spotlight of the church he was visiting where he begins to explain his concept of Christianity to them in a long monologue that was supposed to move and visualize, but it was mostly more of the same. A couple of couples in the church begin to recognize this man (go to the picture) and verify his name. They eventually concluded that he was either traveling the time or impersonating this longtime dead professor and deciding to know what he was. The film depicts these people as bad, unbelieving people because they are skeptical. <br /> <br /> Before the professor returns to his time, these two men face him. In an attempt to avoid his capture or transfer, he finally broke into a madness-like scream about how Jesus would soon come and that he was a prophet so they should listen to him. In time, he was moved away, and one spouse wondered if this was the ecstasy he had heard so much. <br /> <br /> The irony is that this basically means that the professor has already declared himself (and probably wrongly) a prophet who claims to know that the rapture was close and that he was sent by God when he sincerely sent him by his fellow Bible teacher He did not have any knowledge of God (which I mentioned or even hinted at). As I understand it, Revelation claims that the time of the end is only for the knowledge of God. At the end of the film, we see the inventor professor trying (and failing) to send the Bible to the future. First 2080, then 2070, ect. While the scene fades. It is clear that he is trying to determine the exact date of the end times - which he should not know! In essence, the whole film hypothesis repeats itself because it insists on its religious beliefs and how some things are only known by God, it means that there can be no time machine in the first place because then humanity can discover something that God alone should know! The entire film's premise collapses and makes everything fundamentally worthless because it undermines its credibility in the end.
