This early John Wayne West Star color has a little more go than oat run from the mill Wayne was making the color of Star until that time. For one, he has his old friend Paul Fix in it; repair, being a much better representative then the standard Lone Star villain, brings much needed professionalism in the surroundings instead of the usual repetitive call readings that are often presented in these oatmeal. The plot, about identity theft, theft of salaries and murder, is as vulgar and wonderful as you would expect to be in the low-budget West of the 1930s, but the good-looking Wayne's appearance and simple charm and the road with the line goes a long way to make this more enjoyable. Eddie Chandler, who is full of steel, can not be believed to be a "partner" for Enlighten, and there is an ongoing gulf about something that happens as Chandler and Wayne approach a growing fighting frenzy. On the other hand, Win's interest is played only by Mary Corneman, "Mary" small in the fame of "early villains". She is now 20 years old, a blonde and nice as a button. Most of Wayne's leading ladies in Lone Star / Monogram "B's" were pretty nice and somewhat colorless, but Marie was scary, nice and attractive. There is a scene in the general store, where she works, where Wayne asks her to get a bottle of "nerve tonic", which happens to be on the top shelf, so she has to get a ladder and climb up to the shelves. Wayne ogling her little asses as she steps up the stairs, then again as she descends, then again after a few minutes when she is asked to climb up and get him another amazingly energetic bottle of film made in 1935. Win makes an attempt to hide the fact that he is definitely checking the butt to her. Anyway, it's a small and interesting "B" game, but it's not fantastic, but it's not as volatile and random as many of its LoneStar productions at the time. The final shooting battle is not handled well, and Chandler is somewhat annoyed after a while, but all in all, it's worth a look, if only to see Mary Cornman kind and exciting.
