It is clear that Kassavit was a smart and sensitive man with bold new ideas about filmmaking. He wanted to be an author, to distance himself from the boundaries of the system and bring new reality to American cinema. So, salute him. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, as a member of his audience, I can not greet a woman under influence. Casavet took what could have been a wonderful subject (a crazy woman) and somehow managed to produce a boring film, full of long, drawn-out scenes. He seems to have received a gift to capture the saddest moments of someone's life in the film, and he often runs the camera on his family and allows the engine to run and run. This tactic would be acceptable if Cassavet had captured something devastating - or even the nucleus of something completely real - that touched the heart in ways the traditional film could not see. However, it has found that performances, especially Rolands, were artificial. I could not believe for a moment that she was really crazy. I have met really mentally disturbed people, yet I have not seen any of them act just like Gina Rowlands in a woman under influence. I played it like a very hateful and uninhabited woman drinking a lot, and even that was confusing because we only see her drink once (initially), but she's drunk for the rest of the film. There are moments when you turn into something real, but those moments are few and far between; fail to maintain a mentally unstable personality smooth. Once again, I commend her efforts, but effort alone is not enough to make the performance ring real. <br /> <br /> The novice viewers who see this movie will not feel that their high IMDb ratings have to be loved and valued very much, just to prove they are "getting it". But do not wash your brain with hype - judge yourself. You do not have to pretend like that. <br /> <br /> Like Woody Allen, John Cassavet can be accused of assaulting his film industry, and he seems to find his own experience and experience in his life fascinating to infinity. He can not imagine that for others, they seemed to assume and condescend themselves in a hasty manner. But Woody Allen has at least shown a gift to keep his audience enjoying - he knows that the structure of an attractive story and a great dose of humor are necessary for any film. If Cassavetes have used some self-discipline (and a sharp pair of editorial scissors!), It is likely that a woman stands under influence. But what is the purpose of making a film "realistic" if the only people who are able to sit in it are loyal artists and film students who worship Cassavet as a kind of anti-establishment god? Without dumping anything, I think Cassavetes could have made women easier by keeping the pace of moving with a real plot, rather than offering a series of 30-minute scenes of ad arguments. If you just make movies for yourself and a few of your fans, you're just getting to the converter already. Watch this movie with your group of eyes and make your own decisions about it. If you are really touched and fascinated by it, this is good for you.
