From actor and writer / independent director John Kasavets, "Woman Under the Influence" offers viewers a look at working-class families suffering from mental instability. The pair Nick (played by Peter Falk) is a blue-collar worker having trouble showing his wife Mabel (played by Gina Rowlands) the amount of attention she deserves. From the beginning of the film, Mabel is obviously crooked and very strange, but after a few minutes it is obviously much more. crazy. crazy. Of her mind is a curse. Nick tries so hard to hide it from his co-workers, and after a particularly strange incident at dinner, he asked her if she would be fine, as if he were trying to deny Maple's disease. Its only a spiral problem from there. <br /> <br /> I found some problems with this movie. I think these problems were often present in the story, and the way some characters acted in the end. Mabel has committed, frankly, she is a nut. Six months later, she was ready to leave the hospital, and her husband gave her a reception. He never acted stupid at the beginning of the film. Why do all these people, some strangers to Mabel, call home when his wife is in a fragile state? It's simply stupid. Later, after Mabel arrived at the house, Maple's father was hit by a tremendous shock at Nick, screaming at the top of his lungs about not wanting to eat spaghetti. His daughter has just returned from six months of rehabilitation, and the thing she wants to do is keep her calm, breaking the spaghetti? After a few minutes in the film, Nick brought Maple to the stairs and forced her to do the things she did when she was mentally unstable; making her strange noise and gestures. Did not send them there to make them better and do not do these things? There were several other parts that followed, but they would need to be looked at in more detail. I think I encountered a serious problem in Cassavetes decision to make his characters behave that way. It was not quite logical. <br /> <br /> However, although I have had problems with the end of the movie, there is one aspect that has already been replaced; representation. Jenna Rowlands played an amazing crazy woman. There were times when she forgot to act, as I was aware of her brutal gestures and her crazy talk that I was afraid of her. They were compelling and surprising. However, I was also impressed with the rest of the Maple family. Peter Falk played a very strange character, and I almost thought he was crazy, because of the strange way he treated his sons and his job, especially with his wife. I also usually do not appreciate child actors. But the young people who played the children Nick and Mabel in this film were wonderful. I really felt that they were the sons of Maple, because they seemed bound to her and were very grateful to help her solve her problem. I think their performance is one of the things that kept this movie together, and without it it would make the film less realistic and less intense. <br /> <br /> In general, I was not impressed with this film. The story was mixed and unclear, and the characters were acting in ways that made me wonder who was not crazy in the film. The only preserved grace was the outstanding roles of the Longhetti family. Keep their real dialogue and strong representation on the film together, and may be the only reason for watching the movie to anything.
