In A Woman Under the Influence, Maple is crazy, but I can see why she gets mad. If I lived the kind of life she lived with her family, I'd be crazy too. Everyone in her family is out of rock and not with them. She is always surrounded by people who shout at her and tell her what is best for herself and people who are not the most sharp knives in the stairs. <br /> <br /> To begin with one person who is close to her in her life. , Her husband, Nick, is a little off his rocker. He always yelled at her when he came home to tell her how to live her life and stop acting like a fool. The rest of the time works long hours at his job and he is not there to support them when you need support. The only person in her life who should always be there for her is never there, and if he does, he makes her feel bad. Depend on him for support and always go to him first when you feel that she is behaving wrongly and doing nothing to support her. When she returns home from the hospital, all he does is tell her how to act, rather than appease her, yell at her and tell her what to do. <br /> <br /> Other adults in her life are her parents. Her parents do nothing in her life for her. Maple lives mainly because they are afraid to stand up to her and defend her. In the end, she asked her father to stand up for her and he did not understand her, and when he did, he still did nothing. They are doing nothing to help Maple recover or to prevent her from being mad because they do nothing for the rest of her life. The only person trying to do something for her is Nick's mother. My mother Nick insists on committing Maple. She does not want to deal with Nick until the doctor commits them. Everyone seems to be against Maple and feel that committing it is a good idea because they will not have to deal with it afterwards. They all want to live their own lives and do nothing for Maple except shouting at her and making her feel wrong when she is not. That's why she got mad, and why she had to commit, was the fault of her whole family.
