It should have been titled "Badrash!" Little in the film is true except for the name of the island and the submarines participated in fact. What is more than just training the quality of the film with the work of the weak camera and the muddy stock footage and perhaps the low point of stereotypes 'Japs' with laughter of Japanese pedestrians and laughter Japanese and American fighter pilots and monarchs die left and right. Sixty years later, it is unintentionally funny to be a curious artifact and a chance to see what is possible when the fever of war is on you. Remember the conspiracy and the gun-playing dialogue on a summer afternoon in my childhood, looking through hedging to neighbors to gain a fatal advantage over my best friend Steve and my little brother. In fact, the McCain raid was almost a complete failure with Carlson and his men roaming the shady shootings with the shadows to the very end, thirsty and muddled, looking for someone to surrender to, before that with a similarly confused Japanese who immediately surrendered to them ! In withdrawal, many Marines ended up in Carlson on another island and were abandoned! Of course, the film could not tell the story, not in 1943, so this part of the freak was made and rushed to hit the drums. With Randolph Scott and Facke, where Colonel Thorwald (Carlson) leads a fully-fledged unit of Caricature Securities, the Green Recruiter (Harry Landon, Robert Mitchum), Veteran veteran (J Carol Carole Naish, Melbourne Stone, Sam Levine) Rod Cameron), the American boy (Alan Curtis), and dozens of ironies (when they were not laughing) "Japs". However, the Working Group is overcoming the material. Approximate. Randolph Scott's narrow range is well suited to his role as a serious leader and is supported by a strong group of professionals who do their best with thin bands. But in the end, the one exercise object wins. Any claim at closing is completely abandoned when Randy Scott looks directly at the camera and provides an exciting (moving) contact with the weapon. The cast was the best of these materials. So was the audience. It should be seen with the Madness Reefer and a bottle of Merlot moderate price.
