DVD has become the equivalent of a double circle Bell late at night, the last chance to capture old movies about to forget just like the border. There were great expectations for this again in 1982? A script co-written by Wild Punch, Wallon Green, and Jack Nicholson in the days when he could still act without a large and supported signal (Harvey Keitel, Warren Oates, Valerie Perin), directed by Tony Richardson (although he had spent the time) ? But now it does not appear on TV. This article certainly provides a rich opportunity for commenting on "America's dreams of capitalism and obvious consumption in the 1980s." Nicholson's border guards ignore the exotic drug deal or a few people who trade to fund his wife's physical finances, until he finds out his conscience when he discovers that his partners They are also in the sale of children. Unfortunately, he never gets dirty in his hands, but barely turns a blind eye before his fitness rises to the surface. The film always feels as if a lot of rewrites and many commissions have left it neutral. Unfortunately, the latest DVD version is a missed opportunity to restore the original nihilistic ending where Nicholson goes to the edge and the incendiary bombs at the border patrol station were cut off after The preview audience found it very optimistic but still prominently featured in film trailers. <br /> <br /> Although this may not have been very convincing given how Nicholson's low conscience crisis in the film, it should have been better than the climax of raw restructuring where the film gives up logic and even the basic rules of continuity: at the time He was carrying people at gunpoint and then elsewhere trying to kill him free of charge. A wounded man in his house goes like a gazelle on the banks of the Rio Grande River, while Valerie Perrin's character is floundering at the level of the Ace. The villains in this easily trivial piece (and an impressive trick in the car) are disposed of in time for a clumsy happy ending and free it and wonder if you have found yourself watching another movie altogether. What makes it even more clumsy is that the rest of the film is so flat and so disappointing that the sudden melodrama is more controversial. Unfortunately, the beautiful song of Ry Cooder, titled Cross-Border, says all this economically. But if you want to know the real crime of the film, it wastes the great Oren Oates in a fraction. Even when he can not make an impression, you know there is something wrong. All in all, it is very easy to remember why I found this forgetfulness at the time.
