To review this film, I must quote from this unforgettable scene in the film "Pulp Fiction" (Tarnbino) (1994) when Jules and Vincent were talking about Mia Wallace and what to do for a living. "The only thing she has done is worthwhile." Vincent asks "What the hell is a pilot?" "Well, the way they make shows, they make one show, this is called the pilot, and then they show it to the people who make the shows, and based on the strength of this show, they decide whether they will attend more," Gul said. Some of the pilots are selected and become television programs, others are not, they become nothing, they have played a leading role in one of the programs that have become nothing. " Now to expand what Gul was talking about, there are billions of television programs / pilots that have never been broadcast because they simply were not good ... good. Probably the most famous pilot to come to mind is "W * A * L * T * E * R", a presentation of "M * A * S * H" with Gary "Radar" Burghoff as a leader. Hmmm, does anyone really want to watch a half-hour radar trying to solve the crimes? Therefore, the display is not captured. What many people do not know (or what they think they know) is that pilots never show up on the air, because they make the television networks strictly to decide. The pilot began the series "American Dad" in mind, because the show itself did not start until about four months, but there were times that all pilots should not be happy to broadcast, and this is <br /> <br /> "Black Bart", a supposed link with the classic Mel Brooks comedy, "Blazing Saddles", is a senseless and nice "sitcom" with little heart and no soul. A controversial comedy, however, with racist humor and vulgar comedy, which comes to mind "What a fool decided that this would make a great TV show for PR TV "I'm saying" supposed ", because there are no memorable characters of the film, apart from Bart, in this mess of a television show.Mile Brooks was not even involved in the serial production and this was the first error in a long queue ( In a related story, I recently discovered about an unfair TV pilot for a series based on the film "Clerks", this Ke did not share the Smith Smith in .... see what happens?!?). <br /> <br /> Somewhere around the same time as the movie (or at all), the story revolves around the only black sheriff in the Wild West, appropriately named "Black" Bart, playing this time by the award-winning Louis Jochet Jr. In the future, before spending a short time in "real" acting, while playing the role of Richard "G" Pryor. Most of the other characters are carbon copies (if not too bad) of the characters in the film: Jim, the Waco Kid, is replaced by a similar character named Rep Jordan, a former member of the Confederacy who is speeding up the gun. Lillian von Stubb is now Bill Bozer, who is more than a representative figure in being a casual dancer and German accent and character Marilyn Dietrich. While this is largely the end of similarities, the "bad guy" in the story is Verne Malaga, played by Nobel Wellingham, who assumed that he would be Headley Lamar if Warner Bros. guaranteed the name (see Trivia for "Blazing Saddles ") and his son Corley ... I do not suppose, Taggart suppose? The story is a weak excuse for the sitcom, far less than experimental. Bart deals with the drunken cousin, an out-of-control behavior that has caused the city to run. Indeed, it is a story that tries to introduce all the characters into the "series" and does not focus on the diversity and context that makes the show "good". I really can not call it a comic play (even if I wanted it), and this really is that it was filmed on the back of the Warner Bros Studios, and then added a laugh track, so the show was prepared just like "M * A * S * H "(complete with" Laughter "cute and boring similar serial). The acting is very good, but there is a part that always makes me laugh, when the actor who plays Reb Jordan seems to forget his lines and try hard to remember them as he tries to make part of the dialogue. HA! The script is somewhat boring as it attempts to make racism more humorous than in the film (surprisingly, they use the word "N *** er" several times during a 22-minute episode, It is repeated. <br /> <br /> If you ever put your hands on this invisible piece of sssss ... an interesting novelty element, of course, see it just for the sense of watching the pilots (it's in the "Blazing Saddles" ). There, you get a direct chance for the reason not to broadcast many movie link pilots.
