It was hard to sit through this terrible heretical adjustment to Sherlock Holmes. Matt Feuerer apparently died because he was tall and thin. His skull-like face makes a good coma in the remake of the Dawn of the Dead, but as Sherlock Holmes looks like a scarecrow. Not only does Frewer have a strong opening march that is hard to watch, but it seems uncomfortable in Holmes's typical coats. Not only that, but while the coat was gray in color, it was clear that he could not find a matching cover. So his hat is black and looks as shiny as if made of polyester. Whatever the cover was made, it looked new and artificial. Jeremy Brett was wearing these traditional costumes from time to time, but Brit was not wearing clothes like Sherlock Holmes in order to look at the part. Frewer on the other hand is painful to watch. Even in Holmes' full clothing, he does not carry himself like Sherlock Holmes. <br /> <br /> The face of Frewer, the smiling Capricorn smiling all the time as he explodes and appears in a very bad British accent "Upper Crust" painful to see and listen to. To say that Fruer is exaggerating is an understatement. After finishing each sentence of some sort of hum nose, then making fun of it as if it were some sort of British personality. When I started watching this, I thought it might be a comedy featuring Wishbone, Jack Russell Terrier. I thought that Frewer had been thrown as a kind of chip for Wishbone. But unfortunately, there is no dog in this movie except Frewer. Wishbone would make this movie much better. <br /> <br /> Sherlock Holmes's Frewer does not stop talking (in the wildly artificial British nose), and it is friendly and courteous. Frewer always smiles to the witnesses who speak to them, so courteous and polite that he can teach at the magic school rather than be a student. Perhaps because this is a production from the production of the Hallmark channel, they are trying to produce a version of the children of Sherlock Holmes (Wishbone film was better than that too) which was nice and nice. Whatever the Frewer's point of interpretation for Sherlock Holmes, it is more than a pie, and easily the worst version of Sherlock Holmes I've ever seen (including worst ever, by Charlton Heston). <br /> <br /> In general, the tone of this movie is awful. Reminded me of a typical episode of Barnaby Jones or Murder I wrote or diagnosed murder. Expose all suspects to act suspiciously and take a look at the victims before killing them. Holmes and Watson explain each idea to each other throughout the film. Even in Murder She Wrot, there is less display. <br /> <br /> This Sherlock Holmes does not compare well with Jim Rockford from the Rockford Files, which is miles less than Colombo. Awful dialogue is probably the writer's fault. It is clear that those who wrote this text before have little knowledge of Sherlock Holmes, especially the BBC version with Jeremy Britt. This film features all the ambience of an episode of Little House on the Prairie. The fact that actors appear to be smiling when they reveal their lines in their fake dialects does not help. <br /> <br /> The only simple bright spot is Ken Walsh, who plays Doctor Watson with some dignity. Walsh does not install it when compared to Freer, and when he often interviews witnesses, his behavior and conversation are more natural and credible. Unfortunately, the rest of the crew is amateurish, the visual clues they make through glare and making faces in each other (to show it's suspicious) is something I've never seen in any modern film.
