I will write about this film and about "irreversible" ((in) the famous scene in it). So be warned, if you have not seen the movie yet. This is just my thoughts, and why I think the film failed (in the end - the goal of the pun). <br /> <br /> Acting wise, Rosario Dawson is really good and conveys a person nearly ten years (a teenager in other words). The wicked man is good, but loses touch of the "villain" just before the end. If he has never changed, why should he let the woman tie him? He will not, this period. Then we also have a bartender / 2nd Rude Dude. In fact I do not think you will need it. At least not for the second rape, but more about it later. <br /> <br /> Let's reread the story. The character of Rosarios is sexually insecure and may have lesbian tendencies (see her scene with her friend). This was not intentional, as Rosario herself stated, but there is sexual tension between them. Rosario's character meets a man, a predator, with all the bad feelings. But he left an impression. <br /> <br /> Rosario commented that her character had had her boyfriend before. I beg to differ. She acts as if she were her first boyfriend, which also confirms her telephone conversation with her mother. Talk about her mother, here's another problem. After the first rape, the Rosarios do not tell anyone what happened. Given that her relationship with her mother is very close, nothing is explored after that. If Rosarios no longer calls her mother or acts strangely, the mother will be worried like madness. There was a lot of potential here. And also her female friend: we see her at the party, obviously something is happening and the "boom" is over. <br /> <br /> The first rape is unthinkable. But it looks like a pinch, when compared to the end (rape), which feels like you are hitting a sledge hammer! After no rape. 1 We get very stretched scenes. The threads are opened (such as their own construction work, a sign that they may be lesbian, as someone mentioned trying to hit her ...), but he left it out in the open. There is no real social contact, if you leave the waiter man outside, involved in the second and last rape scene. Obviously he is not a "nice" man and his character appears in the flesh a bit. But when Rosario's character meets her rapist again, his presence in the film seems meaningless. We have reached the point that the character of Rosarios is no longer the same, and it has become "bad" and capable of hurting people. (Also) many scenes appear quite so, being without passion you only do drugs and other things. Returning to the # 1 rapist who cheats on the test, the Rosarios catch him and decide to go out together again (really?). Regardless, it seems that the man meets her, not without seeing him in advance, with another girl (he probably raped her too, although we never see anything of this, fortunately) and his football career. Good career is an extension and it is being bullied. This attempt to give his personality some depth and work almost, but again, very fashionable to stay with you. This is how the number one singer of Rosarius presents ... Why exactly? Because he promised her, was her day? Again, really? Such a man never loses control, especially with a woman who raped her before ... I think this is supposed to show us how stupid he is. The waiter was working as someone who could hit him on the head or anything else, but letting him succumb to such a feeling was wrong. There is another possibility that there is anesthetic in the drink. <br /> <br /> So the rapist # 1 takes off his clothes and gets the nerve of his eyes and invites the character of Rosarios to tie him on a bed ... seriously, this is crazy! But what comes next, is crazier. You talk to him first, then "shut him up" and impose something on him. It is difficult to see the number one rape scene. This is not about what this man deserves or not, it is severe. And of course that was what they were aiming at. Now after the "finish" comes the waiter and rapist man ... rapist number 1. If this is supposed to act as a revenge film, it would have been better if the character of Rosario herself would have done all the "revenge." The presence of a senior businessman while doing the job takes away everything that has been created. <br /> <br /> This is not supposed to be fun / fun, it's a hard time and it's art. But in 10 minutes (I did not calculate) the rape scene in the end, everything broke. Character Rosarios more or less, just watch what happens. This leads me to greater disappointment. <br /> <br /> An irrevocable comparison: "irreversible" had a rape scene, but the film continued (even if it was again). Rosario looks at the camera in the end and says something about having to go beyond it. First, this comes a little late, and should see her say it after the initial rape. Second, and most importantly, this is where Art-house should come. It was one of the most interesting seeing the character Rosarios would pursue the scene of the second rape and how it would deal with what it did. But again, you have not really done this much (see above) ... a broken personality interrupted by the film ... <br /> <br /> Good intentions (Talya and Rosario worked before), but they failed to deliver most of the things, but they They start to do it (even if you can see what it means, it must be convincing, otherwise it will not work) ... not to mention the scenes of rape as long as they are ...
