One of the most frequently used romantic film plots is this: a man in a state of overwhelming chaos falls in love with a sick woman and runs his life before he dies. From time to time, this story is well done and realistic (as in "Theory of Flight", an excellent weepie), but often performed as it is here, as the heroine dies as usual "Old Movie Illness". As you know, a severe illness that has no symptoms except a bout of fainting and the need to lie down and you tell your lover forever; your appearance is not affected by one bit (and since this is the seventies, it is not your sex life). This is one of the worst versions made of that particular story, where the very mysterious text combines two incompatible and unbelievable people, and actors play them in the sea altogether. <br /> <br /> This happened to be the worst performance of the Pacino march, and I say that after seeing the Devil's Lawyer just two days ago! He plays a race car driver obsessed with emotional constipation, and plays an undesirable personality with no life. He seems to be constantly asking himself why he is staying around the grubby Marty Keller (as well as the audience), and spends most of the film just ... standing there, his mouth usually hanging. The only time that any sign of life appears is the end, as his character proves that he has changed from a long period to a liberated one by performing the tradition of Sea West Mai. Hey, it was the 1970s! <br /> <br /> Marth Keller is equally horrifying about the death of love; she portrayed her character as bold, free, influential, incomplete and full of life despite her death, and perhaps she was supposed to play with an actress with sensitivity, for example, Vanessa Redgraff or Julie Christie. Instead, they got the face without expression and a strong German accent for Mrs. Keller, who encounters more than a frightening Tuttonian stereotype ("You eat eats!") More than anything like the beloved. You're supposed to fix Pacino and fill it with courage, spirit and all that, but it does not work this way, it's like playing the mistakes of the most repugnant forms possible. This makes it one of the least convincing romantic stories in the history of the film, since you can not believe it will be with someone you find worthless, and you can not believe it with someone who gets a lot of nerves. <br /> <br /> Some bad film fans describe this as a classic cult, mostly because of the absurd May West tradition of "liberating" My West. Scream scene, especially in context, but not worth sitting during the rest of the film. No, just watch the movie if you are a fan of serious bad guys who are particularly interested in studying Extreme Lack of Chemistry among the major actors, or Very Bad Casting (not just the horrible horses, but the other Pacino girlfriend played by the actress who looks and sounds like Keller with shorter hair. I felt completely confused). This is not one of those bad-laugh movies like "The Conqueror", it's just a really bad film. <br /> <br />
