I can not over my life to remember why - I have to get a free ticket or something - but I saw this movie in the theater when it was released. I do not remember who went with him or the theater where I was or even the city. All I remember was how insulting I was about this farce that someone dared to call a movie, and how half the people went out in the theater before the film ended. Unfortunately, stuck to the finish, which I still consider one of the worst mistakes in my life so far. Jeremy became a pure terror when the demon-crazed child drew his head from behind a sign just before the door closed and said, "Look for problem child 2, soon!" These were the most horrifying moments ever recorded in the film. <br /> <br /> The plot, if I remember correctly, included John Ritter and perhaps his wife (Lord, how I unsuccessfully tried to prevent this film from my mind) adopting a "baby problem". They may think they can fix it, or something. I really do not know. If that's what they mean, they fail miserably because from the first frame to the last, this child is the toughest, tougher, more rude on the big screen. Forget Damien, forget Rosemary baby. This kid takes the cake. The only difference is that we are supposed to feel sorry for him because he is a "problem child". However, this is impossible since this child is very likely to be the most sympathetic personality ever photographed. You want to kill him through the entire movie, and when he decides (SPOILER, like anyone cares) John Ritter to keep the child hell miserable, you will scream "Send him back!" In a state of sudden disgust (like many people in the theater I saw him). <br /> <br /> This is the only second movie you've given "1" on IMDb. The other was Superman IV, and God could not tell you which was worse. John Ritter quoted in the TV guide about the time when the 3-year-old child was out. He said something like "the only way I will do another supplement [child problem] is if they pull my body back to perform." Amen on it! <br /> <br /> The best 24-hour marathon is seen in the police academy supplement of seeing up to 20 minutes of child trouble again. 1/10, just because I can not give it a negative score, which is really worth it. Someone is burning the original negatives of this movie, please!
