Yeti: The Demon Snow Demon Game begins on a plane full of teenagers in American high schools on their way to play a football game in Japan, unfortunately during a severe thunderstorm crash their plane into the Himalayas. Really unlucky. With some dead and others alive, survivors must think about themselves and decide to wait until the help comes. Yet just when they think their luck can not get worse, they soon discover that a huge Ytti-type man of the hateful type wants to kill them and eat them all. Will help trapped, cold, hungry and fighting to survive on reaching stranded teenagers in time? <br /> <br /> Yes, with a nickname like Yeti: Curse of the Snow Demon, it can mean just one thing that someone on the Sci-Fi channel has made another "creature advantage" even though they give these things a bit From diversity, the Sci-Fi channel here in the UK is now called "Beast Feast"! As if that would make any difference. It should be said that Yeti: Curse of the Snow Deamon is a terrible film but it is a fairly entertaining film at the same time, and it is certainly bad but sometimes enjoyable as well. The basic premise is really good, it's a kind of intersection between Alive (1993) with the crash and the survivors are forced to eat cannibals to survive and the deadly killer Bigfoot (another legendary hairy monster) The Night of the Demon (1980) ) Which I would like to defend with my last breath and I must say that it is not exactly the marriage done in heaven but as I said it is sometimes pleasing if it is not held exactly or written well. Personality is mostly annoying of American teenagers, there is the expected controversy, there is a macho hero, strong female and cowardly who thinks of himself only so there are no prizes for originality. There are some holes in the plot, too. If a person's cargo is disrupted, why do not you just send two stops on foot to look for them? How will you dig a big hole and describe it with sharp sticks in ten minutes? Why did not this bird eventually die? Everyone has been killed to this point, so why not? "There are already two Yale running" Twist not used for any effect at all. At least there is a good rhythm to the film, it certainly moves at a fairly old pace and I did not find myself bored with it. There are some typical temperamental works, and the film has some fascination in knowing whether or not children will survive or whether they will eat their dead or not. <br /> <br /> Saying about the "features of the creatures" of this sci-fi channel or "Beast Feasts" is that the effects of CGI on the computer will laugh out loud and cheerfully and prove it again. The crash at first seems terrible and Yeti when CGI seems to just jump awkwardly everywhere as if on a pogo stick. There is one or two nice scenes, including a torn arm, a ribbed head, a torn heart, some bodies, some blood splashing, and the best thing when a young boy is torn half and beaten by his beheaded legs before biting a large part of them. According to IMDb, the actor who plays the role of Yeti took three and a half hours to get into a suit and make-up that seemed like a long time because it was really a wonderful innovation. It seems that the original title was Raksha: Curse of the Snow Demon with Raksha means a demon in Tibetan Sanskrit, so far you know. <br /> <br /> This has reasonable production values ​​in view of the usual things in the Sci-Fi channel, although they produce a mountainous location such as the harsh Himalayan Mountains, and may not be located near a ski resort somewhere, The daytime scenes look pleasantly warm. The acting was not good, and I did not think either of the girls looked too good nor was it helpful. <br /> <br /> Yeti: The Snow Demon Curse is another awesome Sc-Fi channel "Creature Feature" if you are honest in that any sane person will not like it but if you are looking for a little fun under horror title, that's not too bad , There are moments or amusing moments that make them viewable to a certain extent, even if they are not very good.
