With freedom, there has never been "a second part of blood". The first words of "First Blood" had John Rambo's suicide at the end of the film, but this was changed to allow him to live, not because the artists wanted to form a sequel but because the listeners found that the end was very bitter. However, one apparently assumed that this quality was not really good, since he became a two-year-old military officer, including the fourth part of the release. <br /> <br /> The title of the film was "Rambo: First Blood Part II", but it is often known as "Rambo". The foundations are a person who has a jail cell, where he may be violating the "First Blood" law, although this has not been made clear. He was expelled from prison with his chief police officer, Colonel Trautman, as a result of secret work. Rambo is back in Vietnam to investigate reports that American POWs are still captives by the Communist regime. He has strong counsel not to try to release other prisoners or to deal with an enemy; he is just a researcher. <br /> <br /> What Rambo does not know is that he is being established, not with the Trautman, who is regarded as brave, dignified and invalid, but is the founder of work, the military commander Murdock. Murdock wants the work to ensure that there are no American prisoners in Vietnam, since this will increase cooperation between the American and Vietnamese governments, especially because it will make their lives easier. Unfortunately in Murdock, Rambo knows that not only Americans are in prison, but are still kept in hellfire. Yes, he's so strong to get them out of their destiny, and tries to redeem them. All of this film is a very small battle between Rambo and its supporters (including a beautiful Vietnamese girl) and darts and their Russian organizations. More information, damages, can die, even if I was surprised to learn from your "trivia" that the death rate was less than 67. Sometimes it looked like Rambo is trying to eliminate Vietnam's troops. <br /> <br /> The movie series is quite different from the first one. In "The First Blood" Rambo was undoubtedly guilty, despite the seriousness of his or her own failures and intense frustration. In "Rambo" he is the most honorable American. A few years earlier, executive director of the George Pan Cosmatos organization made the "The Cassandra Crossing", a piece of anti-American propaganda propaganda. Cosmos, however, were not profitable, and "Rambo" proves that he can stretch out his hand to interfere with the pro-American language. One thing the two films have is that they are all very bad. <br /> <br /> "The First Blood" had its own flaws, and its advantages. This suggests that the anti-war group was responsible for the problems facing women in Vietnam for the development of the poor, they were arguing, but the video was trying to talk about war, war nature, and the roots of violence amongst people. "Rambo", in contrast, has fewer good qualities, except for events that are consistent with events that are fun to those who are like the thing. It is important that Americans still have the war of Vietnam. Rambo also feels one handball, and this time the straight side runs. Take it, Charlie Cong! <br /> <br /> Here, no doubt, those who love movies (and it seems to have more than 2,000 people who have already given them ten stars) will prove that I am a very dear friend. No, in particular, I have ignored Communism as a bad idea. What I do not like on this film is not politics but it's unwise and its idea that the solution to all problems, including real conflicts, is to go through all the guns and to try as many people as possible. It does not try to understand the political problems of South-East Asia or how the whole community was ap-American. For all who oppose Communism, the film is the kind of malonic sledgehammer destructive of the Communists' excitement of self-stimulating - except that they claim that all the problems of the world are terrorism, imperialism, or revisionism, or whatever they have did not please. Compared with "Rambo", "Green Berets" was a political process of research. 3/10
