I told them that these are the volunteer films of the Voters that they are not trying to try the film. Giving this 10 is like giving Wally Cox reward to Mr. Universe or put a velvet paper Elvis in Louvre !!! When this film started, I remember the scary comments by "No, Giorgio" and some say that it's one of the worst films ever made. This is a guide. Although negative and diverse, there was much about what was happening about the film and the most difficult on the film that did not match the Voters or the girth. <br /> <br /> Believe or not, the fault is just on the shoulders of the writers (who, I believe, were chips). It's a bit unusual to see a movie of clichéd or goofy artworks like a fight for food, but even though they are not the condition of the problem. The problem is that authors want the audience to take care of "love" that includes an older man and a seemingly difficult woman. Perhaps Europeans may be overly concerned about this, but in the United States in 1982 or today, such love seems to be poor and selfish - especially when the parents tell Harrold to love his wife and "this is fun". Wow, talk about new love! Sadly, if a slightly scripted version of the pope's widow or maybe his wife is like a Hollywood movie star, such as ALL THAT MOST, WHEN IT MATTERS (where it was wrong and impossible forgiving a man who is having a boyfriend or killing him). Instead, she is a loving mother of two children who patiently wait at her door as she makes herself faster and left - as the Voters agree to have many things before they meet Harrold. <br /> <br /> Sadly, though, the beauty of the Pavotot Music can not save the film. At the end of the film, there are dramatic events in New York where the park is enjoyable and the Partial singing continues. For this reason, I think the film should be 3. I want the film to be extra, but it was a very bad movie - although it was not as rotten as you did. Sadly, from what I read, the film can be a model of life-style, such as Pavotot's life with the same film, although this is not the process of discussing it in detail.
