I know that there is no number of numbers that clearly connects the link between video games and real-life violence. The films are liars and they are embarrassing because they disagree with themselves, which I'm trying to raise up on what I've learned. Movies fail, not because I think these kids are influenced by computer games, but because the film looks like "worthless" and it does not follow. Let me explain. In Aileen: Life is the Death of a Destroyer, you can see him talking about the policemen and being run by the radio waves, but he still has anxiety, he believes it's true. The movie can make a difference. In Zero's day, two children continue to say they are not involved in anything, which is obviously false because everything they do disagrees with this. Neo-nazism, talking about going to CNN and Wolf Blitzer (which is not surprisingly because he knows his name, but is trying to destroy the movie to get his bad movie). The game does not show 'reality', it does not show anything but to prove the point. Fortunately it was a result of bail and you did not see it, and you did not take it from my comment. All movies are based on the attitude of Michael Moore and the use of something "real life" in the prospect of proving and not ending, not because the idea is wrong, but because the film is wrong and does not support it. I do not think kids playing electronic games can kill people, but if I'm not perfect, is not video video available for Columbine's children (or other teenagers) in the forests that talk about how much they look like or act like weapons of destruction? Hmmmmmmm, the difference between most children and children knows about business, affiliate, but obviously or the wisest thing is impossible. Zero's day is a bad film, not because I believe there is a contract, but because a filmmaker does not know what she is trying to say, and the movie makes it much more challenging her point and support. It's as though new bottles on computer games cause a person to get angry so they come up with 'Zero Day' by retaliating. If you want to see the "thoughts" of teenage teenagers leaving, go to Bully.
