After looking at some of the main features of the HBO - The Brethren, Rome, and so forth - I must say I had a wonderful prospect before I looked at the first part of "Blood True". Play The script appears to have been written by an eight-year-old boy, some of which are just sculptures, (the "heels" Bill, I mean coming back. The chains for the boy It's so frustrating if you want my opinion, or just a few moments, that the couple have gone with Bill, deceiver, hears them getting ready for their stuff, five seconds later, magic! 3 of them are gone, and there's no fight or noise or anything! I mean the idea of ​​the exhibition seemed odd, amazing, wonderful, existing hearts are people in our modern society ... but honestly I do not think they really want to make more than this soap display, that the little girl is always watching but nobody cares ... Unfortunately, the scripts are well documented The most comprehensive and most popular thinks that this is a joke or something. <br /> <br /> Athletes give a really unusual, if you really want my opinion. They seem to be doing it in a lightly light, as if it were some kind of a rare, low-fashion TV show on the TV (maybe what it is, if you have removed the part of the family). Only the artist who seems to be good to me and Stephen Moyer in Bill's office, in view of simple notes, are the very few answers that he said "Who are you ..." "Can I call you sometime ...", I think he did a good post wonderful vampire that everyone who has a vampire part should be, especially. Anna Paquin was good, but not. But the boy, playing his brother even, jeez, is scared. His imprisonment is just ashamed of modern television. The work is bad, the building site looks like a liar, and the other two "Why are they caught up?" I'm dunno ... "This was a shameful thing. <br /> <br /> Another thing I think was the most important thing was to show Sookie's power. It makes us understand what people think and talk at at the same time are just wrong. Usually, it's just as unhealthy, as if people think I'm disturbing the radio, and that they get closer to the em, they're doing the right thing and they feel all that they think. <br /> <br /> And finally, sex is less important and vampire sex and the disgusting thing was very disgusting. <br /> <br /> Do not hurt me - I wrote down all this comment not because I thought the program was BAD, but because I was very disappointed and expecting the best things I did not think it would be.It really is not good yet. .
