The content above seemed to be an appropriate position when my suicidal suicidal decision was made to display modern modern technology. Features, Dangerous, Dangerous, Thinking Well, this is all that the movie can not be ... But it's really fun, awesome 'a little and a bit worse than this to make one of the biggest performances I've seen in recent years. And yet the film does not always make fun and this is one of the films that are being fulfilled, it's fun without trying to laugh. <br /> <br /> In the film, a young man looks amazingly like Santa Claus is pushing around the gardening and breaking down the ground floor. This led to my failure to believe in the film head, if these were vampires vs zombies because the ammunition and the zombies do not fight? O good thing, except there was so much wrong on this lending than the head. If so; there is also a virus that begins through the American production of zombie as people who travel around the same as many of your guests. And yet there are just four zero in the entire movie. Another problem is next to the store anywhere. Surely you would have seen the fluid wandering in the woods or backwards. I believe it's just a wandering trip because it did not have enough movie viewings in many places, or the forerunner did not want to spend his time playing different pictures in the wooden areas where he had to be busy in the movie while standing in the studio to get disturbed by empty stories. <br /> <br /> The manager had a lot of fun doing so that he did not have enough time to write a bigger or even editor. And he told eight people who worked to make a variety of clothes and try not to change, when I thought he changed his name and was trading on the film "Changing is not a hard work"? The only "film" that found this way in our pocket is because maybe we were disturbed by Freddy vs Jason, wondering how these things happen. And the only way we were made even at night was to install a gas machine and drive to our skulls to avoid the stink of this confusion. Yesterday we laughed at the end, but I'm sure someone does more when it's down .................
