Tyrannosaurus Azteca is established in the sixth and sixth centuries, when Spanish famous Hernando Cortes (Ian Ziering) arrived in Mexico along with six men with Lieutenant Rios (Marco Sanchez), he wants the world to be called Spain steal and other gold as an opportunity to come. Within a few minutes, they begin to see the Aztec's destructive events, just a few minutes before Cortes and his men were taken captive. If this was not wrong for Tyrannosaurus Rex to be there, I would like to eat the local people, trying to win their Spanish lives, helping local people to solve their monster problem but with hidden programs and future goals are not the only things they need to care for. ... Under the direction of Brian Trenchard-Smith (who, in a hurry, made the most popular Turkey Shoot (1982) which I am offering directly and indirectly) and is well known under the spoof head the famous Aztec Rex (headed by the Sci-Fi Channel when they flared it perhaps as the original head of Tyrannosaurus Azteca sounds like this can be a movie) with some of the Sci-Fi Channel 'Creature Feature' and all that you need to know. From the & the real-world Spanish Conquistador Cortes on his trip to the Mexico film does not conflict with accurate history although I agree that this article is trying to make a difference here but finally Tyrannosaurus Azteca is still just 'Creature Creature' by a group of people running from the CGI poor computer on the site even though it's time to live. No doubt what I can say, although many centuries ago, this behavior is based on cardboard designs, making smart and selfish choices, popular, restraint, a poor patient who is present just to eat & a beautiful woman is here and is easy to look at. The film is trustworthy, stupid, unpleasant and not really fun at any level even though it is moving smoothly and there is one or half of the year's favorite thing. This article is not good and has many holes, which is a film that will be celebrated within a few days. <br /> <br /> Now I've seen & have answered a lot of Sci-Fi Channel 'Designs' And CGI is often extremely dangerous and when Tyrannosaurus Azteca is not tight enough and admits that there are fewer side effects but then it is very difficult to shoot directly . There are only a few special effects here, there is also a broken heart, a broken leg leg, a bloody splatter, a shooting of a boy who leaves his intestines after being conquered by dinosaur, there are few corpses being watched & one is stabbed with spear. T-Rex is eating a few people too. Qualities are cheaper, the Aztec weapon seems to be one of the most remarkable strokes made by Strofoam and Spanish men must have been kept in the worst sequence in the cinematic film and the fence that they keep on the ground compared to the waist's hips. It may have just been out and they had run away. <br /> <br /> Estimating $ 900,000 Budget I do not see where the money went, shooting O'ahu in Hawaii apparently seventeen days. The activities were not good from someone else. <br /> <br /> Tyrannosaurus Azteca is really no better than any Sci-Fi Channel any cheap 'Feature Creature' although it's fun and unusual. At first, the correct words should be sufficient to determine whether or not you will enjoy it.
