I sat in the movie and hoped for a fascinating film, which came from the heart. Instead, they were given some of the smallest ideas that contradicted Christian faith. For example, in trying to prove Christianity to be violent, briefly the author uses Bible texts without giving a word, thus translating the meaning of the words. Jesus is said to command the execution of those who disobeyed him, but in fact, the word comes from Jesus' illustration, concerning the king who is also called. Similarly, the authors make it seem that Jesus is saying one thing when he is talking about something that one of his people says. This is disloyalty in the most obvious form. Is this what the Athenians are giving on earth? The film also tries to apply Christ's victory over Jesus Christ: Superstar is The Last Temptation of Christ as proof that Christians are bloodthirsty. He never says that the jubilee was the most accurate film of the Bible history to this day. He never says of the fact that it was really the best of being loved by the party critics. Then they edit a list of scary images from sadness as if they were to throw their point. Remarkably, it does not mention The Texas Chainsaw Massacre that sprang up after a few months and shows violent violence, against extreme consequences. <br /> <br /> One thing that scared me was criticism of people who really know more about the subject than they did. All the participants interviewed were at the New York Crusade car hire at Billy Graham. The atheists who asked the movie were well-known writers and experts. He asked Christians how the Christian community began, and they certainly spoke and began with the Holy Spirit to come to the disciples at Pentecost. What is right (Acts 2). Then commenting, "Is it not surprising how few Christians become known as their faith?" and he goes on to explain that the apostle Paul instituted Christianity after he was stopped on the road to Damascus. The poor chapter seems to be confirmed that Acts 9 is happening before Acts 2. Deception? Or is this a failure? They also insist that Paul does not believe that Jesus was real. Are you lying? 1 Corinth 15 describes the death and resurrection of the dead being witnessed by men (as mentioned in Paul's paragraph) for the Corinthians to begin to question whether they are doubting! <br /> <br /> There are many other examples related to this documentary. But because I do not have time or patience to get in, I'm jumping straight to the end. It appears in the entire film that the author has a mental vendet against his upbringing in the church. And great communication with ALL THAT IS! In an attempt to stop breaking the Christian faith, the writer tries to make a fool from someone who made him arrested while he was a child. Does this pass as divine documents? Certainly there are filmmakers of the atheists outside where they can make a document that is not a formal burden as 'true'.
