I watched the movie tonight on one of the financing ways, and I'm wondering why I'm complaining. In all honesty I also expect more from this film. Perhaps something besides 'Conspiracy Theory'. Why? Maybe because of being thrown. I mean, Nicolas Cage and Harvey Keitel, after all. Not named Jon Voight and Christopher Plummer. Now I wonder, why did they suffer? But instead of a typical image cum mystery drama I was caught in the paste of the breakneck silliness of there 'The Goonies', which I am shocking to seem to have found some really to be praised. Perhaps it is because 'The Goonies' have been made clear to people who are still young and young. When the 'National Treasure', to judge from prejudice, wanted to pray for adults. Unbelief is one thing. That's how one can enjoy sci-fi and nervousness. But I found myself in opposition to the protective cups that shoot. Oh, the champion runs on both sides to be sure he was very impressed. "Wow! Masons." Knights Templars. "You know, this may be true!" I think that the secretary left me when Gates said that the Inventory Father hid hidden treasures from Britain! And did he ever have Knights Templar out? New Jersey? Oh, I forgot. From France! It goes far away to explain how it reached Philadelphia during Revolution. Brought by Napoleon's staff! Maybe, you see what I find. The purpose of the movie is interesting. And I think it could be as a great secret game. But it just comes as a kid dressed in a bigger garment. Finally, I think it invites the audience not merely to believe in creeds but to deliberately commit themselves to hypocrisy. <br /> <br /> I just looked at a lot of things with Werner Herzog and Istvan Szabo. It's amazing to go from good food to Hollywood Big Mac and flies <br /> <br /> Well, well. If you are run out, run, and 'gee-whiz' like you 'National Treasure'. But it's a movie type, well, did you ever sit out of the movies waiting for you to come in when the audience is coming? And all the young children are talking faster among themselves and saying things like, "Oh, did you see how the stuff started?" National Treasure 'is a movie type.
