The film is very vivid, hybrid, impressive. I did not know nothing about it before I went into a black room, set down. I was attracted to "miraculous and uncertainty" on the imagery I think. In addition, Lena Headey is a good and unhappy thing, and Richard Jenkins is always a trusted boy to be close to him, so he looks like reasonable. Maybe his name was above the head that caused me to take this instead of anything else. I have to go to Valkyrie again. <br /> <br /> A small plot focuses on Gina McVey's Headley, her boyfriend, her father, sister, and her husband with some other reasons. , faster and unhappy, with their bad doppelgangers that come from glass to secret smash. There may be a big movie after this idea (not exactly the original idea, your idea, but still ...) and true, if movie makers had shook all the help and stick to Headey's history, The Broken could have made a minimum of 20 minutes It is, in effect, stable and unpleasant. <br /> <br /> For example, in one dimension, the mirror equips itself in the most important living room; They look surprised but quickly forget about it. In some places, the mirror falls into an empty room, and doppelganger appears when he "leaves" on the remainder of the wall. So why did the first glass move if there was no painful blast? Just a little fun? There are so many incidents of people who are on the brightest London trips, looking around everywhere thinking they hear something, but do not see anything and go on. We start to wonder, why is the worst doppelgang not threatened? The horrors of these people and you have the opportunity to scare the audience. But we, the audience, will be starting to start conversing with each other, in the gym of the game, if we want to have some fun on The Broken. In this way, if we had a bad time, we are wondering why everyone should be afraid of them - they just stop, do not look at their faces, maybe not hurt the other killers .................................................. .......................................
