Usually I post a comment on the video online, which is one reason for three reasons. Maybe, I've found something unusual in a movie that would not have been very good, and I think that the movie view before watching this is not right, or I believe that the purpose or film needs to be explained or explained through the support of other readers. Although all of these factors may seem wrong, I find that writing a comment that does not mean nothing but praising with words such as "This is one of the best movies ever!", There is no visual observer about its qualifications and diminishes, nor does it make sense why the video it's the best one, which should be very important in re-creation. I say, The Worlds War is just a damaged attempt, not trying to try money; a pig-promotes his filthy meat on the many-fashioned film trail that is the same as controlled by Steven Spielberg. Many people buy this DVD in the summertime summerbusbuster and many poor souls will buy more information on the same subject. The films are not "bad" so that they become more enjoyable or loving, the audience will feel overwhelmed by anger. Now it's a lot of abominations on the way, let me give you reasons as a warning to those who are more privileged than I <br /> Looking from cover and any movie shortage (I found myself as a SAM Club for 8 dollars), I thought that throwing will not be a name and that the results will not be surprising. Look. This is not great for me, when I'm getting a big budget and relying on great stars and SE can slow down a good movie. I did not expect to be destroyed by major discussions or competitions. See also. What I expected was really trying on a special topic and a variety of events. <br /> <br /> Now, depending on the ideas of any captured IMDb, they must be advertised in advance, no matter how small they are, it is the right warning. Movies start with a lot of small-chats, followed by a trip to the dining room to see a red doctor. Problems, with red clay photos in the tube. It is difficult to explain the subject in detail, but at the end of the first ten minutes, including cameras, photographs, and LOT's travel begins to cause the frustrating reality. However, purchases and wonders rather than bad and the hope that the map reveals something else is odd to you. The next 30 minutes is as follows: One of the specialists who travels to one of the beans is looking for pods and conversations with an adult by looking at the pod and can be hot. They all return to the city. These visits are not two or more seconds so that discussion can be shared. They are twenty or more weeks and are there only to add to the full 3-hour drive already lost. It is a very special character, a great character is seen to look at the pod, then is shown to be moving around and driving the pain, then looking at a pod, then taking one minute walk through the city, coming to town walking in the house, then having a coffee and saying "Thank Mary" for a girl who makes coffee, she puts coffee and walks out of the house, then walks on the field and behind the pod. I apologize for shooting, but it's probably a great way to briefly summarize the entire film. People can say too long about material things, travel more, send other people to travel, the camera is moving between the top speed and the fast, but without any cause, a dwarf is sophomore in Tech somewhere. Changing is a challenge. People's actions do not make sense. For example, when the professor goes to a farmer's home and tells him that he needs a farmer to dedicate it to the town, the farmer is just walking around and walking around. When the professor says there is a pod and men can be closed inside, the farmer pushes him to see the professor seize the pitch and open the weak and then finally. Nothing comes from all of these events, as the professor runs in high quality for a moment and then starts to walk in the day. The whole movie feels like someone once had the right idea to make a movie, but absolutely does not have the idea of ​​placing it. I have seen high-quality high school films. Finally, special results are frustrating and do nothing to further the issue. I feel that the director wanted the film to be a leafy metal. However, it is extremely dangerous in modern technology, and in fact it only makes people crazy. Avoid this movie all over.
