The Munchies originate in the worst Peruvian (it seems like a dry road to me) where Simon Watterman (Harvey Korman) and his son Paul (Charles Stratton) are on their way. Simon thinks that the ancient Aztec houses were actually a plane. He has the intention of ensuring that life on earth has gone to the Earth, and at the same time he finds a strange creature that binds in his pocket and returns to his hometown of Sweetwater, California, USA. Simon feels that the creature is a guarantee that he has always wanted and some unknown reason alone chooses to leave home as he goes to share his findings. Simon asked Paul and his wife Cindy (Nadine Van der Velde) to take care of them. Simon's brother and Cecil Watterman's merchant (Harvey Korman) are currently hijacking a creature so that his brother will not be able to spend money, but his dear Dude (Jon Stafford) is fighting. knife but its parts grow and become the least cause of many problems among urban people ... <br /> <br /> Under the direction of Bettina Hirsch this should be one of the most complex, complicated comedy, so bad. The text of Lance Smith is futile and painful. Any games in Munchies lack the target and poetry, and doubt the excitement that attracts young people. There is no wonder or strange thing in the Munchies as I think. The main issue is still working, it is only natural that these organisms are moving around without explaining what is, why nobody has ever seen it, how it can learn English rapidly and how they learn to drive as well. The whole thing was the big Gremlins (1984) shooting and other things that made the movie a good one. His character is Moronian, Charlie Phillips and his Hardy Rawls, Cecil dressed in shy and cheats and Melvis's daughter, Alix Elias. They are just embarrassed and embarrassed, and they condemn everyone to find only the disgusting thing. Similarly, the Munchies are too weak to play as dangerous as they can be, yes, you think, just keep on. <br /> <br /> The Hirsch leader apparently worked with the budget below and shows, the whole thing is done in two houses, in the desert, some swords and a small golf. These are cheaper and non-productive movies. Benefits on actual Munchies are very dangerous, their dolls that can not move unless one on the camera is pulling the right string. I can not worry how bad it is, these things will not end my 4-year-old son (as confirmed by me yesterday!). All of this is impossible, the film sucks. <br /> <br /> The movie is definitely dangerous, the consequences, the planets, the debris, and the good are all. The vicious action through & through, from the police to Korman, has two titles that prove that they can not or will not be happy. <br /> <br /> Munchies are the worst film that can not be achieved, realize that if you want to, I will not stop you but do not say you have not been warned! My advice may be to look at adults instead, but the choice is yours!
