Mary Lou: Prom Night II starts at Hamilton High School prom in 1957 where Mary Lou Maloney (Lisa Schrage) deceives her day Bill Nordham (Steve Atkinson) and Bud Cooper (Robert Lewis). Bill is getting lost and dying, and then Mary Lou was announced in 1957 and was reluctant to win her prize. Bill, in pain, chooses to play jokes at Mary Lou so he lost the firecracker on the stairs but was still wearing Mary Lou's clothes in a fire, about a few seconds after Maria Lou's shot. After 30 years & Hamilton High will soon be held last night. Bill (Micheal Ironside) is now a senior leader and has a young boy named Craig (Justin Louis) who has a boyfriend with Vicki Carpenter (Wendy Lyon) and is planning to go together in peace. Bud (Richard Monette) is now a priest, that terrible night 30 years ago seducing Bill & Bud both. One day Vicki is looking near the school on the floor while he is getting a big trunk opening, this is a bad move as Mary Lou's criticism is being released and eager to say that her crown is queen. A break-in effort tries to retaliate his death. The first is Jess Browning (Beth Gondek) whose death suicides suicide, Mary Lou begins to have Vicki's body as a promising night of promise. After finalizing a competition like Kelly Hennenlotter (Terri Hawkes) who tries to trade in order to win. Mary Lou in the body of Vicki is decorated by Hamilton High Queen queen who allows Maria Lou to return to the dead to make an unprecedented appearance and to destroy the party ... <br /> <br /> Unrelated to the First Prom Night (1980) and led by Bruce Pittman I thought it was good for Lou Lou Lou: Prom Night II was not the best movie. The script of Ron Oliver puts more information on unique things and not the less expensive topics, whether this is good or bad. It will depend on what I hope and think. I personally found the different things that did not change or work together. The whole movie was delayed to be very interesting, after the start of Mary Lou's death no one dies until half an hour. Then the film spends half an hour until Vicki can have the film on the climax where Mary Lou kills one person before she is subdued, watching the horrible movies that you expect of "the dead one's not dead"? I do not expect a moving body, just five out of the film and no one looks good even though I like how Monica (Beverley Hendry as Beverly Hendry) tried to hide in Mary Lou's breakdown and to prevent Monica from running out of blood pressure. The spiritual part of Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II is featured by Vicki for more than one hour with Mary Lou in charge of things that are going on at the end of her life as well as the youngest shooting. it's very nice and it turns into water and zombie hands pulling Vicki in it. Hello Mary Lou River: Prom Night II is not surprising, I liked Mary Lou himself as she removed the same boxes and made good people even though she did not kill enough people. Oh, yes, I've found many movie shows and all the people who are sharing their names with them, which seems to have never included anything on the movie but I've worked a bit better and think. The job is good but Micheal Ironside, who looks like a trustworthy, seemingly lost and uncomfortable as if she were wondering what she was doing right now. Remember each year, someone is tied up, with a fall from a window, one being dropped by a neon light, a computer crazy and using some of the games (!?) & Mary Lou coming out of the body of Vicki First as a rotten zombie a cool place. There are also bullets that are damaged before girls bathing, if that's your thing. Paying a Loan Hello Lou Lou: Prom Night II is best to see, it has a good idea of ​​satisfaction in & & nbsp; Gradually I was disappointed with Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II, and I did not realize that I was keeping my attention for about 100 minutes. I do not know whether she's supposed to have 3 or 4 stars, and I will give you 4 because there's nothing wrong with what I think I'm in very bad movies but I have not done anything I'm afraid of.
