Shortly after 15 minutes in the film, I lost Zhang Yimou's richest films that feature politically and internationally. His turn to the sports show was a tough game in my humble mind. Hero was his worst film from Operation Cougar, the most difficult and timber issue ever found in the film of John Agar. Shi Mian Mai Fu is not a different one. Like American who has been studying Chinese movies for several years now (and understands and can speak Mandarin), I believe that my opinion is different from many others as I originate from another culture. SMMF, such as Hero, is not a kung Fu film, and certainly not a wuxia pian film. There are no swords or magic or chivalry stuff here. This is quite different from the most popular movies such as A Chinese Ghost Story (all 3), The Butterfly Murders, Green Snake, et al. Although all of them were the leaders who seemed to enjoy their activities, the SMMF becomes difficult, and sometimes it frustrates, discussing with cardboard. Zhang Games for the blind and Ben Affleck. There is an air against the film that is very dirty. It's self-centered, it's just a lot of humor at the end. All designers seem to be the most important part of celluloid in history, and they make every opportunity to send ideas, and frankly, it makes you wonder if Zhang Yimou is making a film on a segment, or just showing (eg "ego booster") for Zhang Ziyi . The camera just goes out with her face and gets brutal once but twice in the film. His real actions did not go long before they could not play. He focuses on his actions, seems to be cold and lifeless, as though he were reading his line from the marketplace. It is a pleasure to hear Americans and filmmakers (such as clueless entirely Quentin Tarantino) play the film skillfully. I guess they see a large band of university artists appear to be very important as they fly through the bush forests, promoting their imagination as a movie maker. The purpose of Ching Siu Tung, as well as his writings, changes, and events, has no power and origins of his original films such as A Chinese Ghost Story, Dragon Inn, and Duel to Death. It's sad to say that the film is stable, and if there is any damage, then you can not start drawing it faster. These are designed for special effects that feature B's different films. Beans, snails, bowls, arrows, swords, and other noisy elements fly in the air (without casting the logic, turning, climbing, and banking as if there is a little driver inside). I know that the ideas do not have any place in the Chinese media, but if you do not want to get more games from your audience, then you use your extra machine. Mass melodrama, unusually wonderful moments, destructive paintings, a really unusual program that is expected by Shi Mian Mai Fu. It is clear that Zhang Yimou does not make movies for Chinese people. This means climbing in the western market as the CTHD does. After watching Hero and SMMF, I have concluded that if Zhang Yimou wants to make Hollywood films, then he can start. SMMF is a major threat to Chinese sports. And I thought that hell was bad.
