What is inexplicable? Firstly, hate for this movie It may not be the greatest movie of all time. But breaks, it has 11 Oscars for a reason. It makes eighteen million dollars a reason. It's a good movie Which leads to other unexplainable aspects of it I don't know why this movie impressed me when I saw it in the cinema. I have watched again on TV and video and it has no effect on it when I see it on the big screen. (Twice or maybe three times actually) but that may be something that appeals to it It is a movie, a capital M, that is an epic. It is a sequel to Gone With the Wind or Ben Hur. Now Ben Hur and lost with the wind seem to be strange to me Not a Titanic that doesn't have that The performance was really good. The melodrama is quite leisurely at times. <br /> <br /> But the reason the Titanic works is that it's an emotional feeling. I often enjoy movies that stimulate my mind or give me excitement. This movie isn't absolutely stupid. But it's not the brain Visual excitement means the end to stimulate the mood of the audience. I didn't cry when Bambi's mother died. I didn't respond to the tear. But this is a tear that has power to ten million people. The emotional roller coaster that, if regularly, will make Buzz Aldrin scream like a girl. And I'm sure that if you see it in the video and decide that you hate it and have cynicism, then you won't like this movie But if you let the disbelief be a little suspended if you give the advantage of a suspicious melodrama, you will enjoy it completely. And watch movies, make a list of the top ten names forever Is one of them bad? Their only one is worth a score of 1 out of 10 or not. Even Phantom Menace and this film create 1.8 billion dollars worldwide. It's not bad, it's impossible. 10/10. <br /> <br /> p.s How can anyone compare this to Spiderman? Spider-Man is a fun movie. But it's the 9/11 knee, all that makes it the worst It doesn't have anything special. No one can remember in 50 years, but I am quite sure that I will remember Titanic.
