Back in 1997, I remember that year: Clinton Ray Bans, researching the death of Diana, the unfortunate Marlin won a world-class award and a woman gave birth to septuplets. A great year in the launch of Titanic, one of the greatest movies of all time: a story about a ship of dreams about boys and girls who fall in love. But was separated from the social class and The height of their emotional commitment, the ship meets the disaster. I don't think anyone expected Titanic to be as large as it had been. The film is larger than life and has millions of fans. 85% of them are teenage girls. 12 years and of course watching movies many times. It's a movie that makes me believe that the love that Jack and Rose share is true and beautiful. When I felt that Titanic couldn't make a mistake, of course, I grew up and didn't watch movies since the age of 14. A couple of years ago I watched DVD movies at a price of 5.99 and thought it was a good price and To see what I think about movies now Is it worth the advertising? Is it really the best movie of all time? Leonardo's nose. Is that really? Ok i know stupid to say But I watched the movie again Being truly honest, the Titanic is a wonderful movie, the best movie of all time, not only But depending on your thoughts in a good movie But the Titanic presents with romance, humor, disasters, emotions and not letting us go. <br /> <br /> The movie begins with Brock Lovett and his team exploring the RMS Titanic ship wreck to search. The necklace set with a precious blue diamond called the Heart of the Ocean was unsuccessful. They discovered a painting of a young woman lying down bare, wearing the heart of the ocean. The day that the Titanic sank Rose Dawson, Calvert, 101 years old, learns to draw and contact Lovett to inform him that she is a woman in the painting. She and her niece Elizabeth "Lizzie" Calvert visited Lovett and his suspicious team on a rescue boat. When asked if she knew the location of the necklace, Rose Calvert reminisced about her memories on the Titanic, first revealing that she was Rose DeWitt Bukater in 1912. Rose was a 17-year-old class registered boat. With her fiance, Cal Hockley and her mother Ruth DeWitt Bukater, both of which emphasized the importance of Rose's engagement to Cal, because the marriage would mean eliminating the debt. Dewitt-Bukater: While they have the appearance of Collision High-Rose and her mother broke financially. With the hope and disappointment of her involvement in the control of fat and the pressure that her mother had caused her to go through marriage, Rose attempted suicide by jumping from the stern. Before she jumped, the rover and artist named Jack Dawson intervened. Jack and Rose broke the uncertain friendship as she thanked him for saving her life and he shared the story of his adventures in travel and sketching. Their bond deepened when they left the formal dinner, the first class of rapprochement for the integration of Irish dance, music and beer in the third level. But after Kal's servant informed him of Rose Rose's address, he was not allowed to see Jack again. However, after seeing a woman urging her seven-year-old daughter to act like "The right woman" in which Rose rose to challenge him and her mother, asking Jack to draw her naked image and wear only the heart of the ocean. A gift from Cal after a beautiful moment together during a fun time of sitting. The backseat of them went to the deck. <br /> <br /> Then they saw a violent collision with the iceberg. After hearing the boat's surveillance of the violence of the battle, Rose told Jack that they should warn her mother and cal. At the same time, Cal discovers Rose's nude paintings and nasty notes in his safety, so he sets the jack for stealing the heart of the ocean by allowing Lovejoy to plant it in Jack's pocket. Knowing that Cal accidentally dropped Jack to death under the deck, Rose ran away from him and her mother to help him. Jack and Rose return to the top deck, Cal and Jack, although both enemies want Rose to be safe. So they persuade her to take the lifeboat. But after realizing that she could not throw the jack up, jump on the boat and reunite with Jack on the first floor of the boat. Jack and Rose return to the upper deck, the lifeboat has disappeared, and the ship finally descends into the cold Atlantic Ocean to pick up Jack and Rose. <br /> <br /> Titanic is alive. Anyway? I still say that this is a great movie for watching. I think there are and still a few people who hate for some reason, just wanting to leave the movie because it has won many awards and everyone. Love this movie. But it has great performances, amazing effects, well written stories and flawless looks. Whether you love or hate, you must admit that this movie is not contrary to reality, just because Leo's baby's face or Kate's amazing ability to cry when he sees it. It will be considered a special place in my mind. It also agreed that I saw this movie 8 times in the cinema when it was released. But everything that I recommend to this film is a good story and is sure to go down to the classic one. <br /> <br /> 10/10
