Titanic, directed by James Cameron, presents a fictional love story in the Titanic's historical setting. The plot is simple, not complicated or not for those who love the plot that twists and turns and makes you wonder. The end of the movie can be found within minutes from the beginning of the movie. But the love story is interesting Kate Winslet is great, like Rose, an aristocratic woman who is betrayed by Cal (Billy Zen) at the beginning of the journey. Rose meets with a low-class artist, Leonardo DiCaprio, while traveling to America after winning Titanic tickets in the poker game If he wants something, he will go and get it, unlike the noble people who worry about their social concerns. The two fell in love and the audience saw the sinking of Titanic primarily through their eyes. <br /> <br /> The film begins in the present day with the exploration of the remains by the group searching for treasure that is sunk by. Titanic, which just happened One of the survivors of the Titanic Rose DeWitt Bukater, who had heard about the ship's wreck survey on television and flew to the ship that brought the search to tell what she could remember to help with the search. She will tell her memories of the Titanic's journey. For this reason, the scene changed to Southhampton Ireland, where the Titanic sailed from 10 April 1912 because all passengers boarded After stopping on the Irish coast of the Titanic again, he went to see the first trip across the Atlantic that headed to New York. In the past, the first few days of travel without incident But the story of this novel was developed during this time when Rose saw the hope of getting the engagement she was in. Rich Calhley and fell in love with the third-class passenger Jack Daw. The captain, Smith, insisted on appearing in the film, being urged by the White Star Line director to increase the speed of the ship. The publicity, in particular, came to New York on Thursday night, then Smith decided to order a thirty-year fated to experience his leg to stretch the Titanic full speed. Titanic reported that the waters in the Atlantic Ocean that they sailed were filled with icebergs. But they ignored these warnings and proceeded at full speed, as shown in the movie on April 15, 1912 at 11:39 am. The iceberg appeared. They tried to close the engine and open the boat from the iceberg's path. But there was not enough time and the ship hit the iceberg on the starboard side as shown in the movie The description of many small holes on the side of the ship and not the large incision on the side is correct. The Titanic crew sent out distress signals and set the rocket to close suffering as shown until 2:18 when the light finally failed. The lights of California were found six miles away. But they failed to know what had happened and did not respond to many Titanic requests for help California experimented the day before to warn the Titanic about the intense ice that caused them to stop traveling. But the Titanic swept it out, causing California to turn off the radio and release the Titanic by itself. First class women and children were the first to appear in the form of twenty lifeboats that were on board. The third class passengers suffered from the most deaths on every floor, and the crew suffered this tragedy as well. The words of the White Star Line staff and first class passengers believe that they belong to the second and third class passengers when the staff try to receive information from sinking In addition, the metal used in the creation of the Titanic has been discovered in the last few years under the conditions of intense cold that experienced the night. Titanic sank severely. Overall, the basic plot is very accurate in describing events and when these events occur on the Titanic. <br /> <br /> Many characters in the story are not real and created for The purpose of the film or as a mixed character to show the possible characteristics and concepts of people on board. The core groups of Rose, Jack, Cal, and Rose are characters that are worn in the story because they represent different groups of people. But many characters such as Unsinkable Molly Brown; Captain Edward Smith; Thomas Andrew, designer of the White Star representative ship, Bruce Ismay; And every officer of the Titanic is real The first trip will be the last journey of Captain Edward Smith, however, as he plans to retire after that. He had been a part of the White Star Line since 1880, where he worked as the captain of a millionaire when the Titanic sank. The image of only four precision officers survived the tragedy, except for the officers who threatened to kill all passengers of the ship with his pistol. He notes that he acted bravely and was misled to the point that James Cameron apologized and made a monument in his honor in the birthplace of a former Canadian soldier. As shown in this film, there is a language problem between the crew and the lower class passengers from countries that do not speak English. In addition, Officer Low is the only officer who returned to the lifeboat as it appeared. The old people show on the bed as the water flows in their room based on Strauss. Not wanting to leave her husband's side, Strauss refused to come into her lifeboat and died with her husband in the Titanic. In addition, Goggenheim, who showed his brandy drinking and smoking Cigars came out to report like this in his best outfit. John Jacob Aster, the richest man in the ship, who owns most of Manhattan, also died. But his younger wife was rescued in the lifeboat In addition, Molly Brown has been rescued and later has a medal for the Carpathia crew who selected survivors from the Titanic from the water. Her ticket on the Titanic was over four thousand dollars, and at the end of her life she was broken. The entire interior of the ship has been transformed into the last piece of China and silverware. The almost invisible gym was completely rebuilt with all the machines reproduced to match the old photographs. A wonderful set and wearing is a new set created in the post-Victorian era in 1912. The rich at this time almost ruled everything while the women's suffrage movement was not moving. Women in this period often marry for financial security, while Rose is considering doing and usually the status returns to their husband while Cal wants Rose to do it. Rich people can't use new money, such as Molly Brown. As it appears, everything at that time is very formal. The woman had to take him to dinner by the man as seen in the dining scene. Smoking does not occur frequently among women at that time. But the smoker who had just arrived at that time was used as seen with Rose in the movie. Men in those days often smoke cigarettes, not cigarettes. Women have a stable body by daughters and society by society. Although James Cameron does not have a background in historical movies, he led the Titanic experts, along with spending two years on cross-references of Titanic history and using only a few freedom. Beautiful movies and special effects help make the movie look even more interesting. <br /> <br /> A well-known message can be seen in the Titanic movie because people on board have about three hours. In considering death Director James Cameron showed various reactions during this time of crisis in people's lives. Everyone has a different reaction, and he makes you think that you may have a reaction when you are in such a situation in the Titanic the night of fate. In addition, this movie is a reflection of the 90s when it was built because it looked at the wreck of the Titanic. During the last fifteen years of discovering and exploring the area of ​​Titanic, this movie makes us look deeper into the disasters that many people would not see. However, the moral question of whether people today should bring treasure from the shipwreck or not. There is an attempt to stop the quest for treasure, such as the mission shown in the Titanic. But everything failed Nowadays, everyone can travel to Titanic and bring any valuable items that they describe in movies that show the general values ​​of our time. In this story, <br /> <br /> Technically, this movie is doing very well. In order to get a picture of the wreck at the bottom of the ocean, it took twelve dives to get all the images needed for the movie. In addition, a special camera must be built to withstand the pressure at the bottom of the ocean. Cameron did not plan to use the probe to go as far as the Titanic, as everyone had in the 88 years since the ship sank. But it worked out that this was a unique perspective on the boat In addition, the film faded from the Titanic's wreckage to the Titanic scene during the journey. The transition between the modern scenes to the scenes that went through during the journey was a great change which made it easy to follow in a clear manner. At the beginning of the movie, the leisure sector was used to create a new scene when People leave the European coast on the Titanic, which differs from the rest of the movie. <br /> <br /> Titanic is almost played. Like a historical biography and like a true epic art Like most historical novels, we know the end. But it is not far from the magic that can be found in this picture Some aspects of this movie are the content of the Oscars, which includes the use of sound, sound, film and editing. If you like interesting characters that will make you understand the life of the characters in the early 1900s and how they face disasters, this movie is for you. <br /> <br />
