ELEPHANT WALK may not be literature or movies. But is a great entertainment in semi-virtual mode It is a story of love, both genuine and illegal, as well as the ambition that dominates the dedication and arrogance of private tyrants. Earlier critics John Mankin questioned why the main focus of the film was the Elephant Walk mansion, which should have been built by former owner Tom Tom Wiley, who crossed the traditional route of the elephant to Important places, water sources, rivers. Missing this point is to think about the entire center of the movie: the center of humanity. That his son, played by Peter Finch, should be fascinated by the great image and mystery of his respected father, not unexpected, because his son was not a mother who grew up in a foreign forest with his father and The father's son, the 'club' is his example. The point of his father is that he is the person who created himself to believe in nature and his passion, and that passion is not just planting tea on the land that Chang had possessed. But still that he will dominate even the big cow That led the flock and therefore he would dominate his son and around him and therefore we joined the tale after the elephant was denied access to a significant dry season to their path into the water Who knows that this drought will last a long time and the elephants will do nothing in despair to receive water. This is the theme of the movie: What will animals do to get water? What will man do to gain power or love? Sri Lanka Today, Sri Lanka is a large island off the coast of India which is home to farmland and people know that it is the true view of the story, not just the cost of Miss Taylor. It's not an exotic place. (Most movies were filmed in Sri Lanka) and this beautiful "bungalow" should be just another pot of boiling water. We have to know the atmosphere created here as part of time and place, because it shows the wealth and power of the day after the 'conqueror', a British immigrant who is part and parcel of the British dynasty It is only the wealth gained from using virtual slave labor that can create beautiful dwellings of ebony, teak and marble. What should not be overlooked is the beautifully carved Jalees. (The window of the front grille and door edge) is clearly identified by art director J. McMillan Johnson and Hal Pereira, and apparently has cheap labor on the island. The craft shows a thorough attention to the details that these people want. <br /> <br /> For those who are immune to time, place and architecture, Taylor's charm is always because of her. Married to a man she doesn't really know and is implicitly sought by another man and the background described and under the dictatorship of the legacy of the dead. As I said, it is not a great literature or even a great movie. But it is a great phenomenon before that term is criticized by special effects that are superior to today. <br /> <br /> Can be seen on the giant screen of the outdoor drive, not on the TV. Home, so arrange the largest screen to see the value of the camera and the scope of use
