Scott's "OffOn" Bartlett is a pure madness nine minutes. It is a full-fledged frontal attack, provocative, flashing lights and induced epilepsy, and the first true combination of movies and videos in the avante-garde cinema. Not? Especially the human face and style? To stimulate the sequence of emotional reactions by combining these biological phenomena with the modern industry model of modern technology On the one hand, this film shows the integration of humanity with his tools, machines and technology. This theme is loosely connected to the sub-plan of HAL9000 in '2001: A Space Odyssey (1968) of Stanley Kubrick.' And of course, the opening sequence of Bartlett's picture? Flashing colors before the human eye closely? Story of Dave Bowman's journey through Stargate. The image has a rich color, a combination of sharp and bright images and more granular videos as if we were sitting too close to the television screen. (In fact, the final product was recorded from the TV screen.) <br /> <br /> There seems to be some confusion about the movie's release date. IMDb performed the movie in 1972, but both the National Registry Registry and The National Film Preservation Foundation gave the year 1968 a correct year. Perhaps this difference reflects the time between the completion of the film and the first film screening. Whether in any way, the image that is clearly ahead of time, sometimes reminiscent of the 80s music videos and fast techno music, it's not a mistake as well! 'OffOn' will capture scattered grainy images, presenting life from a distorted perspective of computers that process too much information. I have an idea ?? And please do not laugh in this independent thought interpretation ?? That the extraterrestrial civilizations captured the television signals of the world may receive separate disjointed documents of human life, montage of strange images of unfamiliar images Perhaps this is where humanity, along with all of his technology, finally headed for a combination of pure and pure irreversible movies and videos.
