Directed by Govind Nihalani. This is a clear police movie of Indian movies. May be the first to demonstrate the reality of corruption in the police force and politics without suspension and the impact on young police The man was forced to join the police career by his police father. Agreed that we grew up watching many good Hindi movies, police / police But this is different The current era that grows to watch dark and realistic movies like 'Satya', 'Company' may be considered as inferior products when compared. But see the time to create The movie was perfectly made during times when people didn't pay attention to the cinema like that. But it became the most wanted police movie in the classroom audience and a large audience when it was launched for Om Puri, the first breakthrough in the mainstream Hindi cinema and he delivered Show level as Inspector Velankar. It's more than a police character. He uses a lot of things in the show. Watching his scenes with his father and his hate. Smita, the person he loves Smita Patil, still maintains the dignity of her character to the expected level. My God is something that she expresses naturally !!! Shafi Inamdar is a real discovery for me and he is a great actor if given the opportunity. Of a promising villain on the screen. India Sadashiv Amrapurkar, named 'Shetty Rama', is another story that he did not have a role with meat and almost forgot today as one of The villain in films of Dharmendra B grade action scenes Om 1 hour once a rebel to his father (played by Amrish Puri) and later they are sharing wine together. The inner truth begins to reveal both characters by confronting each other with feelings of love and hatred. Two faces of the Indian police force - masculinity & weakness and during the lie - the half-truth (ardh satya) K Kudos towards the touch of Nihalani. Hindi and Best Actor - Om Puri and 3 Best Film Awards for Best Film, Best Director and Best Supporting Actress <br /> <br /> Recommended for People who are interested in thinking of serious Hindi movies <br /> <br /> Rate - 8/10
