Shinjuku Triad Society, even though it is a perfect story But it is a very interesting film for what it seeks in the original kingdom It was a Yakuza image / three groups related to police and Japanese villains and / or Chinese people (mostly Chinese based on the title). Yet, in his first technical debut, Takashimi Can create many aspects of the movie From here onwards, social problems, such as trading on the black market of precious goods, in this case, human organs often come from children. Childhood and root nostalgia, which is especially prevalent in Dead or Alive 2; thumbing-of-the-the-nose that prohibits such as gay sex and (innuendo) rape / violence against women; Violence that shocked the blood Of course, it is not beyond the expectations of Miike's latest movie, but it is expected that when he tried to do things that he had just started to learn, according to the author's notes honestly. It has all those qualities and it is like a movie that will follow from it, whether it is savage and narrow-minded, crazy (at the scene) and nonsense in the drama. The story involves two brothers, one of the Chinese orphans raised in Japan. Tatsuhito Kiriya (Kippei Shiina is quite good as an anti-hero / hero, Eastwood, a knight who turns out to be a detective and another who becomes a gangster - is a gang of curves. The main thing is probably from the palace. (Pun, of course, in what the gang means during the free time played by Tomorowo Taguchi is a typical wacko with fear in his eyes) and his partner Karino (Takeshi Caesar, who is threatened. Although it was only repeated in a statement with a woman who had recently caught the eye of an avant-garde agreement) which is a brutal type that appears naturally in the movie, Miike has some plans related to organ trading plans. With the gangsters, which Kiriya almost became a victim of and the liking of gangs. Gay sex - at least with the little puppets that do what the Anathas Bully wants Everything leads to revenge and redemption of properties that Miike and his writers tried to imitate from Shakespeare. (So ​​bit Scotland and the palace washing his blood, hanging over and over again after gay sex, saying that <br /> <br /> if it doesn't rise to the same emotional level of play The great Shakespeare would be normal for this film. Achieve the goal of Miike, even though he has just met in his low ambition: pictures of gangsters with severe family problems (The main tension between brothers and sisters from the profession and duty to the parents) Recorded about the cruel nature of Mafia crime and the unpredictable sex kingdom that has both sexes brought out psychology in the characters At the same time, the Shinjuku Triad Society also has a classic black comedy drama from Miike oeuvre. Some must have a grain of salt for what the director did in his wickedness, such as a bit at the beginning with an elite chair. Visiting all over the face or pattern of "interrogation" as it enters the twisted area. There is even a loud laugh from the slave-slave girl after completing the show to a supervisor: "May Mr Vini-Burger "Miike and his writers are not large enough to make this movie a dark comedy movie like Ichi or Visitor Q, but there are enough to make the story and characters have <br /> <br /> As the first item of the "Black Society" trilogy that was called, I was very impressed and was a good virtual phone card from one of the most crazy new artists in the cinema. Swimming
