I'm not entirely sure. Rob Schmidt qualified as "Master" in the genre of horror, since he previously directed one horror movie called "Wrong Turn" and actually the film is slightly above average. But the truth is that he did it with "Right to Die", one of the best and creepy episodes in the second season of the franchise. "Masters of Horror" has similar depressing stories in the first season when William Malone performed the best episode with "The Fair Haired Child", although his other documentary films "Fear Dot Com" and "House on Haunted Hill" did not suck quite well. "Right to Die" chooses wisely in today's hot social debate. Fortunately, euthanasia, but also themed horror obsolete, such as revenge, conspired to kill the ghost humor, black humor and cartoons. Violence in style books While driving home late one night and constantly discussing her husband's infidelity, a couple working at Addison were involved in a serious car accident. The cliff walked away from the carcasses that were not dangerous. But Abby, his wife, was completely burned down and needed to save his life, while Cliff and his lazy lawyer (Corbin Bernsen from "The Dentist") wanted to plug her and sue the mother car builder. Abbey set up a giant media campaign to allow her daughter to live as a vegetable and blame everything on the Cliff. At the same time, the hateful spirit of the Abbey comes back to revenge and kill someone in Rivers Cliff at around whenever she experienced a near fatal medical device. After a few victims, Cliff realized that it would be safer if he wanted to keep his wife alive if he wanted to continue to live. "Right to Die" is an amazing scene and is the type of thing I hope. Will see from the TV series concepts such as "Masters of Horror". It is violent and full of humor and madness. All euthanasia and circus themes that surround it are processed into scripts as well. But there is no need to go back to the political perspective or unnecessary moral lessons The ambiguous atmosphere and the order of killing are disgusting and unstable. Actress Julia Anderson and Robin Sydney all have a lovely face and impressive shelves, which is always a delight, and finally Corbin Bernsen offers another opportunity to describe him. The brave episode "MoH" is excellent; Of course, one of the highlights of both seasons.
