The man and his wife had a terrible car accident. When the wife was left in a permanent vegetation, men had to choose between pulling the plug and allowing her life. The decision was made more difficult when he realized that her ghost wanted to extract revenge for him and those around him. <br /> <br /> This happened to us from director Rob Schmidt who made "Wrong Turn" ( The movie that I have not seen) with only one horror movie that is under his belt and not a very famous movie. At that time I was reluctant to watch it now, expecting Schmidt to be "Master of Horror" in the most independent sense I apologize to him for my evaluation in episode 10, in season 13, now is the best time. <br /> <br /> The problem of "right to die" is handled and covered in sufficient detail. That will be a stable plot device However, this is just the foundation that the story revolves around. When the horror element appears, the movie starts from "good" to "exciting". Great performances, great plot, wonderful dialogue, great suspense. Sometimes I creep away. (Which is good) and most important: blood is abundant! I read the review now before watching, which the reviewer said had a clear hint about "Hellraiser" in this story. In the first part of the show, I didn't know what they were talking about. After a while, the picture will remind me of "Hellraiser 2". However, I don't want to say that this takes time away from the movie. I do not see any other way to create the effect created and in my opinion it looks better than "Hellraiser 2". <br /> <br /> Some plot twists appear later and May invite viewers Let the second movie look I didn't watch it for the second time. But I think the starting point is more reasonable if I have (Not that it's confusing) Sub-plans with happy dentists are good, and I find myself going back and forth that I don't like the main character for his relationship with her or if I'm feeling bad. he He is a hero who has always been against the story if you want. I feel like encouraging him as a supporter. <br /> <br /> While the Stuart Gordon scene may be better and I'm excited about the episode "Washingtonians" I think I can bet safely. This is an important episode of the season and by grace, saving of lacking things and daily routines. When the legendary John Carpenter disappointed me (again), I was a little worried about the future of the genre. But then a new face like Rob Schmidt arrived and gave hope. This one is the keeper and please bring Schmidt back in Season 3!
