It's an amazing story that movies that were created during the early decades, though not great. But all franchises can grow. 'Gate; SG1 'is undoubtedly an added value to the science fiction genre and has the right to stand side by side with' Star Trek 'as the king of sci-fi. <br /> <br /> Following the 1994 documentary. Stargate 'This series saw the Stargate (military / scientific organization) found that the stargate system can be used to travel to various planets in the galaxy and elsewhere, and soldiers set up a number of teams to explore. This was led by Colonel Jack O'Neill, a veteran and includes the archaeologist Doctor Daniel Jackson, a military scientist, Captain Samantha Carter and the alien Teal'c who betrayed his superior leader in the hope of liberating people. his The world causes the enemies of Goa'uld, a race like a parasite that uses human beings to host and think that they are equal to God. <br /> <br /> Great actors have shown great pleasure in bringing this show to life Richard Dean Anderson is the perfect person as Neal, a cynical and sarcastic person who can change from childhood to death in the blink of an eye. Michael Shanks as Daniel brings heart And J The desire of the iron to be a character that grows from wide innocence to darkness and more difficult as the performance progresses. Amanda Tapping, as Carter, creates a balance between the image of a woman who is her character without having to contain facts. That she is a strong and intelligent military scientist Christopher, the judge is great, like Teal'c, who can describe the emotions of the characters in a delicate manner. And Don S. Davis is perfect as General Hammond, who has been praised, leading to the balance of fairness and firmness. <br /> <br /> Almost every episode is relevant and conveyed. With wisdom reflecting moral issues as well as The friction between military interests and civilian beliefs (Often shown through a conflict between Neal and Jackson) The guest characters are a solid image and manage the story in a way that does not make the audience bored. SG1 has great humor in the show's secret. Neill until strange and strange! SG1 has everything from action to drama to love stories to the miserable scenes of death. It's not just a great sci-fi show. But it's a great show overall
