RUMORS is a memorable item in the cartoon series during the war. The film aims to servicemen and direct the movement and score by leading talents from Warner Bros. 'Termite Terrace, including Friz Freleng, Chuck Jones and Carl Stalling Mel Blanc, the precious voice for Snafu and the story and narrative chapter. The poet for many films produced by Theodor Geisel, such as Dr. Seuss. The idea is to convey the basic concepts with humor and vivid images using Snafu's characters as a complete negative example. A: He's a little twerp drugs to do all the things you should not do. According to Chuck Jones, the script must be approved by the Pentagon staff. But the brass army also allowed a lot of free animation related to the language and jokes that were even more terrifying than the censorship of the drama. <br /> <br /> As the name says this cartoon Is an illustration of the destructive power of rumors Setting up a Private Snafu barracks is located next to another Latrine soldier (something you won't see in other Hollywood movies) and their informal dialogue begins. We noticed that a sudden saying about the bombing was misinterpreted, then exaggerated. Then it became increasingly scary rumors that swept the camp. The image is bright: the brains of one military concern. People were drawn into a boiling pot, while another person's feverish words became hot, like "balloon water". Soldiers "fired his mouth" style cannons and before you knew Actually, it is actually possible in all directions. The baloney wing that the feared soldiers say is that the Brooklyn Bridge was crushed. Coney Island wiped out enemy troops on the White House lawn and Japan was in California The picture became more frightening and horrifying than before, until the camp was finally confined to "Rumor-itis" and Private Snafu was locked in a padded cell. <br /> <br /> This is a powerful job. high Filmmakers create their themes with astounding intelligence and energy. In the last few years, we have seen the catastrophic events. (Real or imaginary) can cause all types of rumors that spread faster than ever, thanks to the advancement of communication. Since the technology has been developed, our personal Snafus is able to broadcast its own balloon water via email, mobile phones and blogs. Therefore, RUMORS is a rare example of educational movies during the war. In fact, it may be more timely than ever.
