Tim Krabbe is the famous composer of 'Het Gouden Ei', a novel that is placed on screen twice ('Spoorloos' and 'The Vanishing'). One of the latest works by Dutch writers is 'De Grot'. Morale about psychology about two completely different men, Egon and Axel, who met at a youth camp and surprisingly enough to be friends with their loved life. Egon was a quiet and boring person. He spent time studying and Write Whether geography books versa Axel is a 'pet', a charming criminal, drinking heavily, which concerns the everyday is a woman into his bedroom. From the moment they met, Axel had a great influence on Egon while envious of him because he had a good life without doing anything. (Such as reading thick books such as Egon); Eventually, Egon was dragged by Egon into his own illegal practice which led to a serious drug transport in a remote Asian country. <br /> <br /> After reading the book last year already About it. In my opinion, the book of suffering, especially from complex structures, while Krabbe presents the story as an image absorbing the extraordinary relationship between two people, the story becomes more of a mystery: many episodes are not presented in sequence, so the scene Two consecutive scenes are not happening at the same time. For this reason, the story feels surprisingly far away. Often you have to know the character's background in order to take care of him or her. Another complaint is the fact that the main character, Egon and Axel, is a little stereotypical. Egon IS is a boring 'wisdom' while Axel IS is opposite him. In real life, one-dimensional people don't really exist. In books and movies, it seems that they are always there, making them very reliable. <br /> <br /> Despite all this But this movie is surprising. Adapting to the versatility of movies, emotions and great performances: Fedja van Huet (Egon) is one of the few Dutch actors who can make you forget that he is performing. (Which according to my opinion However, the disadvantage of the movie is the same as the book: mostly because the character is one dimension. They can guess that it will be annoying. Guess the author of the script? Indeed, Krabbe himself is clearly a talented director. (That is what the movie makes clear already) is blocked by insufficient screenplay. Perhaps Koolhoven should choose a better book. <br /> <br /> 7/10
