The beauty of this film is evidence that shows the great power of mother's love, excellent performances, continuous executions and creative scripts. This film tells the story of Nandini, an Indian woman living in Canada with Shekhar, her husband and a young king. Suddenly her husband told her that his family in India (Which she had never known before) was having problems and both rushed to India. When they entered the village, Nanadini was shocked and scared to see a very brutal rural culture. Shekhar's family, ruled by Narasimha, the brutal and merciless of his poor and violent life filled with murder and violence. Frightened, Nandini began to nag at Shekhar to return home. But soon he was killed by his father's enemies When she wants to leave, Narasimha refuses to let her return to India. The battle begins here, which may be called "Nandini and Narasimha" <br /> <br /> India is not acting positively, especially in this movie. But it shows only a small amount of rural areas So it may be correct The description is in my view, fair and not one side, because the positive aspects are presented to a certain extent. Such horrifying images can appear in movies about any country in the world. The place is breathtaking, great music and the direction of Krishna Vamshi is assisted by powerful and edited movies. One thing to note is that Ismail Darbar gives a very satisfactory background score. It's very beautiful. The characters are very clear, although we can see both the light and the dark side of the film, presenting realistic images throughout the movie, flowing well and being an interesting and fairly entertaining watch. Its dialogue is excellent and cleverly written, and although some shocking processes can be annoying at some point. But a good time can handle the tension. <br /> <br /> The greatest strength of this film is Karisma Kapoor. It is amazing and can be believed like Nandini. Her ability to balance between fragility. And unlimited emotions are incredible. She showed extreme violence, impatience, anguish and determination, while her mother wanted her son to return, which seems to be that this little boy would be her own son. Her outbreak while facing Nana Patekar, which is like a volcanic eruption, shows us that the easiest woman can become a tiger when it comes to her child. After Fiza, this is her most powerful performance. One of the greatest movie actors in India has seen Nana Pategar. Can't explain that Narasimha. He has a hatred for Narasimha, but is admirable as an actor who plays him. Patekar shows cruelty, cunning and even humanity with all his confidence. He is outstanding, another great performance from a great actress. The best of India, Deepti Naval, which makes her character perfect. Sanjay Kapur has enough and Shahrukh Khan is a great cartoon. However, look at Shakti - it's probably better. But it is something that should not be missed
