A woman with a long commitment after a long time. Director Krishna Vamsi Shakti - The Power, the Desi version of the Hollywood hit "Not Without My Daughter" is Sridevi's first film of the actress. <br /> <br /> The story of the film revolves around Nandini (Karisma Kapoor), who lives in Canada with her two uncle (Tiku Talsania, Jaspal Bhatti). There, she meets Shekhar (Sanjay Kapoor). fall Lum loved him and they were married shortly. Their family was complete when Nandini had a Raja boy (Master Gidwani) but their happiness was short-lived due to the news of Chekar's poor mother (Deepti Naval) causing them to leave their perfect life. In Canada and come to India And that is when the problem begins Since the moment they arrived, <br /> <br /> India, both were shocked when they saw a lot of pollution and people everywhere. They sat on a dense train to reach the village of Shekhar and eventually when they arrived at the station, they had to take a long bus to his village. The dirty sweaty bus combined with the unpredictable terrain makes it an endless car. And, unfortunately, for them, a crowd of frenzied people who overcame Chacar with a guiltless form of attacking their bus Fortunately, they were shot dead in time before they were able to hurt him. After that, they drove to Havel, where the father of Shekhar, Narsimha (Nana Patekar) lived with his wife (Deepti Naval). Nandani knew that her father-in-law was the commander as soon as she entered the place. Here But her only consolation is the warm hospitality of her husband's mother. <br /> <br /> There, Nandini knows about her father - in a persecuted behavior and realizes that killing Brutal is his way of life The day that she saw her father teaching her son to throw a bomb, she lost and struck him. He confirmed to Shek that they had moved back to Canada. But the horror will happen again when Shakespeare is killed one day, leaving Nandini the only person who died with her son in a strange land that she was harassed by a cruel father-in-law. The fight with this man to help her son is what caused the highest point of the film that caused a heart attack. <br /> <br /> What makes Shakti different from most movies that were created? Slow. The only drawback is the Ismail Darbar song which failed to create the script. The only saving grace is the Ishq Kameena sexy item number, which was written by other director Anu Malik because he drew a great performance from his performance. Karisma Kapoor is the life of this film and has given Showing movement as an orphaned mother She is confident that she will receive a reward for this depiction. The second is the actor Nana Patekar, who returned with this movie. His improper attitude is suitable for him, and he demonstrates his versatility again with this role. Sanjay Kapoor is a surprise package of films that are sincere and effective expression that stands against the actors. Others, Deepti Naval, are in the best form and her ultimate tournament with Nana is praised. Shahrukh's pendant gives a lighter and more exact moment. That he was pulled in order to obtain the desired value star. Although his role is not really necessary But he did well. Overall, Shakti is an even better movie today and the hype of the Pr-release is good. Shakti is sure to make critics and audiences more quickly. So if this movie needs to be cut at least 2 wheels for better results, Shakti still has the power to go without a hitch!
