If any movie is very prominent with the acting skills of the actor I have never seen conversations speak roughly but have strong feelings. This movie is annoying. However, this movie was very poorly resolved. The film tries to use commercial methods by adding humor and music. But they felt strange, just as Karisma was about to be defeated and at the same time SRK was fighting (jokes) with police officers. Ishq Kamina's music was very out of place. Above all, the movie has too much luster at first. That direction is not bad But of course there is nothing to show off. <br /> <br /> I must say that the actors have been chosen wisely. Without them, this movie will not have any impact. Karisma Kapoor gives her the best role, and this looks very good in her record after Zubeidaa and Fiza. She looks beautiful in the first half and I have never seen actors. Scream of emotions and anger like her The most ironic thing is that this may be her weakest writing. At the present, Nana Patekar is great like a father-in-law. Not much to say about him. In addition, this is the role created for him. Deepti Naval, as a mother-in-law, is excellent, especially in her last scene. Although she doesn't say much, facial expressions and body language are good. Another good performance is a little child. He is a cute person and is sure to bring tears to the audience's eyes. This movie may be desperately recorded from their performance. Sanjay Kapoor is okay, but he has nothing to do. Shahrukh Khan lost his childhood role. <br /> <br /> One thing that brought the audience to the cinema is Ishq Kamina. The creation of the music and the dance of the song is perfect for the raw lyrics of the song. And the boy Ich is very angry However, the song will only be in another movie because it is the worst time ever. People may come to watch the movie Aish, but they will not brag about it too much. Hum Tum Miley walks right. But it seems to be dragged when the emotion that has been raging throughout the movie Damroo Bhaje is boring and nothing is delighted. Dil Ne Pukara is tired of too much music to get the mood of the movie. Even with poor editing But the show alone must be viewed
