On Sunday 27 July 1997, the first episode of a new science fiction series called "Stargate SG-1" aired on Showtime, a spin-off, and the sequel of "Stargate", starring Kurt Russell and James S. Pader Series 1994 This series started about a year after the events that appeared in the movie. For the tenth season it embarked on an adventure and misadventures Of the brave explorer team known as SG-1. Initially, the set starred Richard Dean Anderson as Colonel Jack O'Neill (two "l" s!), No Michael Shanks as Dr. Daniel Jackson Amanda Tapped as Captain Samantha Carter Christopher Maj. Gen. George S. Hammond For the past ten years, we watched the team's struggles with Goa'uld, Replicators, Ori and many other aggressors. At the same time, they disguise themselves as allies with Asgard, Tok'ra, Jaffa Rebellion, Nox and Tollan. They save the world no less than eight times over the years. Come and never give up until death. Claim them. <br /> <br /> Like the series that takes a long time, Michael Shanks left the series in January 2002 at the end of the fifth season to expand his horizons as an actor. show Daniel Jackson's successor as an archaeologist / resident of the team is Jonas Quinn, an alien from a country named Kelowna on the planet Langara, played by Corinneck. However, the Pope returned at the beginning of the seventh season in June 2003 and Nemec was on the same journey. Unfortunately he created only one guest, and his character was not mentioned later. Don S. Davis left the series at the end of the seventh season in March 2004 as he felt that The time he had to go The most popular actors and actors are Richard Dean Anderson, starring in the series throughout the first eight seasons. His participation in the seventh and eighth seasons was significantly less than last season. Eventually he left "SG-1" in March 2005 to spend more time with his six-year-old daughter. Jack O'Neill is my favorite character in the series and, in fact, I've never enjoyed the last two seasons as much as I did in the previous episode. For that reason, <br /> <br / > The ninth season Represent a new era for programs With the departure of the leading actors and the defeat of Goa'uld and the Replicators in the Season Eight, many fans felt that the series should go above. Regardless of this series, for the next two years, Ori replaced Goa'uld as the main rival of the series. Three new characters were added to fill the gap as well and help bring this artifact back. Ben Browder came in as the Southern Air Force pilot. Lt. Colonel Cameron Mitchell, the new leader of his lovely SG-1 Klosia Black, began to play a prominent role in the series because Vala Malundan, who played an important role in the C Cheerful, sexy, hilarious and revealing series Guest star during the eighth and ninth seasons The rounding of the actors is the legendary Beau Bridge as Gen. Hank Landry, the new commander of the SGC and an old friend of Jack O'Neill and General Hammond. During the past two years, they performed with "SG-1" faithful (Michael Shanks, Amanda Tapping and Christopher Judge) and became a valuable part of being equal and valuable to franchisees. Stargate <br /> <br /> All good things must end. During the first episode of the broadcast, many of the first ten episodes of the season ranked down, causing a lot of cancellation in August 2006. After ten seasons and 214 episodes, the dream finally ended on March 13, 2007. Things started with "Children of the Gods" ended with "Unending". The ending of the series made the world premiere on Sky One in the UK and Ireland before being shown on the Sci-Fi Channel in the United States on June 22, 2007. < br /> <br /> In ten years The series launched The weather has gathered many fans and even science fiction series "Star Trek" in terms of popularity in some countries. It became the second longest sci-fi series in the world, after "Doctor Who" (1963-1989) and the longest sci-fi series in America that has been working for a long time by overtaking "X-Files" only one A few months before the end, <br /> <br /> "Stargate SG-1" means the cornerstone of the "Stargate" franchise. In 2004, success and popularity led to the production of the series. "Stargate Atlantis", which was unfortunately canceled after five seasons and 100 episodes in August 2008, although plans for other documentary films will pass - DVD movies "Stargate: The Ark of Truth" and "Stargate Continuum" released in Year 2008 and additional plans for the future That's not too far away The third live action series "Stargate Universe" is scheduled for the premiere next year. (Unfortunately, there was an animated series "Stargate Infinity" that ran from 2002 to 2003, but less than said better) despite the end of "SG-1" and "Atlantis" as the next series. Because the future of "Stargate" looks very bright. <br /> <br /> In summary <br /> <br /> In summary, while "Stargate" has not received the same level Which is popular as well as other major television sci-fi franchises such as "Star Trek" and "Doctor Who". It is still quite new compared to both sci-fi giants and I have Confident that it will continue for many years to come.
