The irregular Bollywood drama, Karisma Kapoor is excellent as an Indian woman in Canada who marries a friend (Sanjay Kapoor), has a child and visits his family in India to find that they are terrorists warlords. The drama and tragedy that happened and the movie became a horror-style movie of MY BABY. The movie has an interesting number of songs / dances. It is not interesting and unnecessary. The popularity of Bally's music and dance. Wood is beyond the truth for the characters in this film, at least when we leave Canada's love nest? Although one of the numbers associated with the pendant by Aishwarya Rai is amazing, it is fun and exciting if eventually being misplaced as well. Similarly, the merger of the famous Bollywood actor Shahrukh Khan as the lucky stranger who helped Kapoor in her escape from the clutches of warlords turned out to be a very serious drama. Nonsense When his character? And his imagination about Chiang Rai that created her dancing With payment His comic book dialogue, nonsense and his fighting scenes deviate from the main drama of this film. The actor is supported by Nana Patekar as a warlord and the elegant Deepti Naval, which has been characterized as a long-suffering wife. Finally, he chooses to stand against him in the best scenes of the movie. This story, Ritu Shivpuri and Rajshree Solanki is very good, like the sister of Sanjay in India and very pleasant eye candy. But Sanjay himself is showing a lot of attitude, especially during the obvious advertising period. The directing style of the writer / director Krishna Vansi is rude, rude, has a rough transition and sudden wounds. The underscore music is also quite frustrating. The story of a woman can't speak to a small band (very bad if it makes it on SHAKTI's music CD, but Bollywood hasn't discovered the value of the score with the top song. Their soundtrack album, at least not in most cases), but SHAKTI is Karisma Kapoor's movie all the time and the intensity of her performance when the film changes to India, in contrast to the gentle love that she Participate with Sanjay in Canada's first scene. Despite the unevenness of the picture, most of Carisma's performances sold the movie completely and made the inconsistent measures come true. In a strange way, I found that the story is another story that shows the royalties that I have noticed in the curse of the golden flowers and Marie Antoine, both of which I have seen before. That SHAKTI movies of various types; But focusing on the unusual dynasty or not? Here, living in the strictness of poverty that controls terrorism in India, rather than the elegance of Versailles or the large megalomania of the Chinese Tang Dynasty feudalism? Which seeking power by itself causes damage to others and forces a riot, either or whatever
