When a wealthy wealthy was killed in a plane crash, his twin sister, Martha Craig (Madge Kennedy) does not believe that he seized control of suicide diving (Although there is a bad smell in the family), but the daughter cannot take care less. The pilot Jim Norton (John Bromfield) goes to work for Valerie Craig (Kathleen Hughes), who soon helps him control the land from his younger brother. The girl with the problem Lorna (Sara Shane) and the family lawyer (Jess Barker). Valerie wants Norton to persuade Lorna when he does not ward off the progress of another sister, Nick. Vicki (Marla English) But her plan was thrown into the tail when Norton fell in love with the victim. All bets go out as a world of woe - including companies with fraud, seduction, suicide, blackmail, murder plot, Mann Act, Double-Crosses, disfigurement and Justice, poetry - happened. Looking out to see the sea ... <br /> <br /> This amazing potboiler has created a second feature that is perfect for overwriting on WIND. Also from 1956, the legend of Douglas. Sirk of the powerful oil group The Douglas Sirk said to have inspired the TV series DALLAS 80s at night, but a short trip to the insanity of Craig appears to be that it is a sin to name her sister soap Dynasty. The three brothers (Only one person that is not really good) has a wonderful beauty. But it is the iconic cartoon character of Kathleen Hughes Valerie does not stop pursuing his family's heritage and her evil enthusiasm for evil is one of many miserable pleasures. Vicki, a teenage sister, is a piece of work, reminiscent of Carmen Sternwood in THE Big SLEEP. When they first met, she drew what was equivalent to trying to ride Norton's lap. While he still stood by him in line "I graduated with first class honors from Embrace-can U." <br /> <br /> Three bad brothers produced by schlockmeister Howard W. Koch is a wonderful rubbish in excess exploitation and actors as a movie paradise. B: Marla "She's the Creature", British 50s, John Bromfield "Revenge of the Creature" Bromfield (when Married to French sexpot Corinne Calvet) star actor Sara Shane (discovered by Hedy Lamarr) Jesse "Mr. Susan Hayward" Kathleen Barker "It's from outer space" Hugh and the former silent screen screen Madge Kennedy delivers everything they have, whether they are large or not. At least, the future Eurotrash star Brett Halsey (the trumpet of the Apocalypse) is briefly seen as one of the victims of Vicki. <br /> <br /> B: 10/10 Marla (and her body) movie ratings Create great movies! Three sisters who just saw on the big screen are part of the Palm Spring Film Noir Film Festival. But the jury still wiped out the soap from ... Hell. Hell it was noir (5/10 in noirometer).
