Most Yeti images were devastated by the innocence of energy and enthusiasm. Not stupid, berserk, and berserk, over-do-shoot-Canada-Canada-handmade, incandescent-buster: it's ripe and amazingly amazing, amazingly amazing, which comes to apotheosis - evil baked "The excess cracks and insanity <br /> <br /> The cargo ship crew discovered a 30-foot Yeti body that resembles a hairy 70s disco core (complete with waves). Arnaud big) kept completely in the larger ice cubes. They kept the evil beast, shaken him back to life with an electric charge, hurting him relentlessly and keeping poor hairy Goliath in a huge glass cabinet. Before you say "Hey, the filmmakers clearly saw that 'King Kong'" Our nasty snow broke out of his cage, grabbed the first offensive blonde claw of the Pheonix Grant. The love of his new woman Yeti was recaptured and flew to Toronto to show the audience. Of course, he rested free again, grabbed the fox and walked as expected in the city. <br /> <br /> Stupid dialogue. (Example line: "Philosophy, no place in science, professor") Magic effect (far from) (awesome blue screen and Tonka's little work, gemstone toys are especially active in Their horrors, jaws), clunky (wrong) directions and hand-heavy scripts that try sincerely "Yeti is a human or a beast". All ethical debates come together to create one of the most ridiculous, ridiculous monsters that ever roar through the big screen. Better yet, we still have a slight touch of cowardice to add extra spice to the successful schlocky movie theater: the fox was accidentally brushed with one of the Yeti nipples that caused erection. Insidious behavior (!); The fox takes care of the injured hands of Yeti as he makes her thick eyes. Yeti smashes the window with his feet while climbing the towering office building and the furry friend breaks his neck with his toes. (!!) Overall, this daring ball and the classic camp that should be highly regarded, stands as an amazing stone pillar of the Cecinoid-style offerings. Incredibly infected
