This is another movie that should be packed into satellites, shooting into space and pointing in the direction of the Andromeda galaxy to show the best possible civilization of mankind. This movie is very stupid and honest, revealing that it is already a bad movie in KING KONG from 1976 that not only manages this movie in terms of laughing, giggling, but achieving great predictions. The 2005 miserable computer cartoon of Peter Jackson with the same name "Love" between the giants (this is Yeti) and the beautiful woman (Antonellina Interlenghi of Umberto Lenzi, the city of death, which is very easy. Eyes). <br /> <br /> This film was created for children in addition to friction with fish bones and strange nipple twisting to say goodbye. You can forget about sex. - Yeti also has a strap. The giant To conceal his great package, the result was more amusing than the anatomical accuracy But as an exchange, you will receive a strange old scientist, two children who are curious to see Tony Kendall in a rare eye as a redundant bastard of a collie dog villain. Useful intelligence to your own adventures In Europe for a while) and of course, the heroes at the end for the recording of the Yeti, which became a good person. Famous things such as front loaders decorated to look like a giant monkey's hand, a monster with varying characters Climb from one shot to a scary, horrible death that will make the killing in GODZILLA VS THE SMOG MONSTER look tame by comparing the reaction of the crowd caused by the specialties of Spain, Italy or Canada, depending on the scene Saying where they were filmed from special costumes) and the most enthusiastic special effects But not suitable for working in a giant monkey movie. <br /> <br /> Here is the movie that won me: enthusiasm just as a mother De Frank Kramer was Gianfranco Parolini who brought Sartana to the world in 1968 and GOD'S GUN Last year and was an important director in Spaghetti Western and an action adventure movie from the 1960s and 1970s. He might be glad to get a job. I will say that this is his most adventurous movie of all time, or it is the movie that he has the most opportunity and may feel comfortable getting those opportunities with movies aimed at children and families. The film has abandoned negligence in a way that causes technical errors or meaningless inconsistencies. Or they are part of the fun, and if this movie is played seriously, it won't work - of course, why the MOVIE movie of JACKSON that was absorbed <br /> <br /> He forgot to have fun With the content and allowing it to be determined by the stupid army of the Power Macintosh anime animation pot, and with all Kramer's YETI mistakes + clunkiness close to the spirit of Why do we watch movies like this, part of which will see actors in a monkey costume tearing a small dress on the stage, the sound doesn't move seamlessly for hours, nothing other than hard drive space I will rank here with KING KONG VERSUS GODZILLA and IT! The curse of greatness, GOLEM is one of the most fun giant monsters ever. Since the movie looks "fake", you can beat the story and enjoy watching things. Wrecked, trampled, thrown and smashed. Knowing that and armed with enthusiasm filled with enthusiasm with the opportunity to create a movie, Parolini draws on all the stops and offers a full body adventure that may be a little difficult for a small tykes. Where i will Used to share with my grandchildren one day when their stupid parents left them with me during the weekend This is something of an era and is one of the most human expression to strive to celluloid. <br /> <br /> 10/10, it's about ten minutes too long. But who will be interested in you, come around only and I should go out with a smile on my face.
