Wow, there are many reviews for the devil trials here. Great. My name is Steve and I work on Unearthed Films. We just started releasing Guinea Pig on DVD for North America. Now before you ask why I wrote a review Instead of asking why some people beat it I wrote this review because I like the Guinea Pig movie. Why do I love them? That's because they go to the throat and they don't release. I saw it all The horror movie that most people know about is Argento, Fulci, Bava, Buttgereit. From every sense of underground cult to Hollywood movies. I've seen it before and the movie stuck in my head over the past several years is Guinea Peek's movie. Why does it not try to hide the reason we watch horror movies at # 1? This examination is for the demon trials. I find it ridiculous that I can't speak. Why do I watch horror movies? So I can see blood and blood and torture people. Demon tests not only give, but that's all there is. Pure violence is not pure. Yes i like the story But sometimes I just need blood and the devil trials sent ten times. Why do people beat it? The reason they like the story is that the torture and death of the person can hide behind. It makes them feel better about themselves. We all need blood and blood. It is very difficult to prove that it does not encapsulate the movie story. Guinea Pig has a historical meaning with them and they have created a clear splash whenever they are released. <br /> <br /> I am excited to launch the most famous horror series in the world. Maybe I shouldn't write this review. But maybe i should My view is the cause of bias being released to them. But then again, not I always tell everyone to find them and watch them before I start Unearthed Films. Of course, it is useful and superior. But that's not the reason we watch horror movies in the 1st place. Devil trials are not for everyone. It is only for those who seek excitement and gorehounds. If you think Jason's film and Freddy Krueger's movie are excellent But if you are at the next level and have seen it all, the demon experiments for you There is a reason that they have not been launched for more than 17 years. They are wrong, wrong, disgusting and unusually down, and not something that must be viewed with your mother unless she looks cool. Good luck, have fun and don't stop using your life.
