David Mamet wrote a screenplay and launched his director with `House of Games', which is a study of characters that are full of psychological intelligence that psychiatrists are tempted into the dark world of confidence games. Lindsay Crouse has succeeded in training and has written the best-selling novel "Driven". But still she was not happy with her own personal life. There is an emptiness that she cannot define or fix and is a time when she is weak when the patient Billy Hahn (Steven Goldstein) trusts her during the meeting that he owes a lot of money to the gambler and They will kill him if he doesn't pay. She decides to intervene on his behalf. This brought her to the `House of Games', a little dive spot where she met Mike Manto (Joe Mantegna), a talented person who didn't waste time before tempting her into His world, instead of the 'twenty-five big ones' that Billy claims he owes, Mike shows his book and becomes eight hundred dollars. And Mike agrees to clean the slate if she agrees to do simple things that he relates to the card game he performs in the back room. In the middle of the big hand, Mike was about to leave the room for a few minutes. As he left, her duty was to watch `tell 'of other players. Up to now, not only But Margaret only But the audience as well Mamet's unique dialogue and style and the precise rhythms that his actors deliver to their work are enticing. While Mike brought Margaret through his interesting empire and introduced her to the complexity of the game against us, being swept along with her. From the first memorable encounter when he shows what `tells 'and how it works with the lessons of` short resistance' to the dramatic climax of the film, Mamet makes the fight impossible. stop And nothing is what looks like In the end, Margaret learns a difficult lesson about life and human nature and about herself, she changes and whether it is better or not for speculation. Mantegna is absolutely sensational in this film. He gives as little difference as possible for a complex character that must be able to lead you to the shadows and willingly. Crouse has also changed with outstanding performance here; You feel the chaos that is tight and tight, under the external peace that is self-confident, and when her experience with Mike causes changes in her, she will make you feel how deep it penetrates. She makes you believe that she is capable of what she does and makes you understand as well. Supporting actors include Mike Nussbaum (Joey), Lilia Skala (Dr. Littauer), J.T. Walsh (businessman), Ricky J. (George) and William H. Macy (Sergeant Moran) `House of Games' is the quintessential Mamet. He has written and directed many high-performing movies and films since then, and no doubt will make us have a better future in the future. But this movie is a movie that defines him. And you can go to the dictionary and find it You will find it under `Perfection 'This is a great movie that you shouldn't miss. I rate this one 10/10
