Jim Carrey returned to play the same role he played in The Mask, a cowardly man who tried to move forward in the world. But seems to be experiencing bad luck Although he tried to save the homeless from being harassed by a group of robes (And of course, they must be Mexican people clearly). His best wishes for his return to his fellow human beings. In this case, it is not too difficult to predict that he is going to have a hat full of anger. But I like that this movie shows that things that should not be ignored I thought of the terrifying episode of Michael Moore when they had a man lying on the sidewalk and pretending to be dead and see who would stop and make sure he was ok. The results are not so good, so it's good to see some people in the movie as a good example. <br /> <br /> Jim Carrey plays the part of Bruce Nolan, the guy above. Which seems like life is falling apart (A little parable that happened when Bruce Marvel discovered himself as a giant news later in the movie) Bruce was almost 40 years old and all he had to show that it was a position as a news reporter. That reports exciting news such as local bakeries looking for the world's largest cookie baking He was desperate to receive a head position at a television station. But he looks cool when watching live TV when he hears that his job has been given to his rival colleagues You have to love the way they spend time revealing this news to him a few seconds before his first live report. He lost his temper on the live TV in the most fun scenes of the entire movie. <br /> <br /> Morgan Freeman gave a wonderful performance as a man himself by showing God with endless wisdom. Through Freeman's great talents as an actor He is a type of God who works very seriously. But in a way that will guide his followers (Including the audience of this film) that there are times when you have to slow down and do some self-work in life. I love his line that some of the happiest people in the world come home to breathe Sniffing the high heaven at the end of the day There are many people in the world. (Probably more than our stocks in America) that absorb by their money and their property and work, and everything they lose, dealing with their own nature as a human being completely. <br /> < br /> One of the greatest strengths is that movies can provide good advice to people in general about improving their lives, and this message is clear and acceptable regardless of Audience religion For example, I tend to reject all forms of organized religion, and I see that God and Satan are metaphors in various aspects of nature and human psychology, rather than the actual numbers that have lived or continued. But despite the fact that I do not believe that God exists as an agency that oversees the universe, or is a janitor dressed in white clothes that rub the floor of his office in the city. Delivered In this film, <br /> <br /> Jim Carrey's film shows this amazing evolution that connects them together and makes new people look better just because you can see that he has just come. where If you compare Bruce Almighty to movies like Ace Ventura (both of which I like a lot) or what he did before he entered the movie, it was amazing that he came. He has moved from comedy to television to comedy, comedy, to comedy that is truly intelligent and meaningful, such as this film, including other subjects such as The Truman Show, Man on the Moon and The Majestic ( One of his greatest films) Jim Carrey has relentlessly moved from his past comedian to become one of the most important comic actors working today. As part of the movie again, the adjacent Space Office (as part of Bruce's girlfriend) began to feel increasingly stressed from Bruce's growing stress about his life. Including his negligence to ask her to marry him There is a low eyebrows comedy in the movie that doesn't fit the importance of the meaning of the movie or the quality of the delivery, such as a dog that reads the newspaper in the bathroom and the monkey scene. Spike creates a pendant look. As Stephen King knows, it's always good to see familiar characters. It's almost like seeing the family again. <br /> <br /> Bruce has the power of God for a period of time so he can understand his life a little better and he talks about himself a lot when he uses it. Power only for his own purpose rather than helping everyone pray with him What I like about this thing is, as I said earlier, religion is absent from my life. But I can see and learn a lot about myself as well by thinking about what I will do. Endowed with such power The movie helps us to learn this method clearly, which increases the power of the message. <br /> <br /> The scenes related to the news station are the most fun in the movie, such as the scene when Bruce loses his temper About the announcer's position, Jimmy Hoffa scene (Which is conveniently buried with the original birth certificate and complete dental kit) the scene in which the rival colleague Bruce was created to see my camera and favorites Start and end points related to local bakery cooking. This movie has plenty of time that Carrey will deliver great jokes, such as when he speaks to God. (Which reveals that he is a janitor, owner, electrician, etc.) that his Christmas party must come true and be careful About drinking because in him may have to go home! I still love the end when he says that behind every great man is a woman who strikes her eyes. Too little truth and as Gallagher adds, behind every great man is a mother-in-law. <br /> <br /> Bruce Almighty is one of the more memorable comedies to come out for a while. And probably the only religion I remember seeing that I wanted to buy a DVD to add to my personal collection It's a funny movie written and performed in good taste. But with a relatively low sense of humor, enough eyebrows to keep children entertained, this is a comedy that is meaningful for the whole family, which is becoming increasingly rare and difficult today. In the world that is about to be beaten by another American Pie movie and horror movie (Which is scary just because of their savage madness) It is good to see that there are people who watch comedy movies Don't miss this one.
