Now is a good episode of The New Twilight Zone that combines interesting ideas and clever stories. (I noticed that both of these stories came from short stories) "Test Day" was set up in the future, not knowing the year, but at the point where they had a cake candle that sparked itself. And other test dates, which is the point where 12-year-olds have to pass IQ tests that the government needs. This child is the story of Dickie Jordan (David Mendenhall), just celebrating his 12th birthday and being so smart, so calm, even if he wants to test his friends easily and knows that he is better. His school grades, his parents (Christopher Allport and Elizabeth Norment) said that he should not use his birthday wishes to get a good score and while their reasons believe that he is capable and he does not Need to worry Obviously they are worried. I will not leave anything at the end. But I will say this - there is a point where we will see what will happen next, why the test is so heavy: that evening (or else) his parents asked Dickie if he wanted to watch TV either Night or not According to today's standards, we are pleased that he said he wanted to read more because there was nothing to watch ... but why did his family ask this? The taste of something that has been encouraged and discouraged in the future reminds me of the atmosphere from Harrison Bergenon (which I heard has not been well adapted to the screen). I just hope that they will open the lecture and Closed so that this theme is as effective as The Obsolete Man. I find it to be better than a short story based on I haven't read the message that "Message from charity" is based on But it's interesting because the 16-year-old boy Peter (Robert Duncan McNeil) is suffering from the unclean water. It is common in his hometown of Massachusetts ... but he can look through the eyes of a purist woman with the same fever. Charity Payne (Kerry Noonann), who finds himself able to experience what Happened to him, they both recovered, especially since it was normal that happened in 1985, but the connection did not disappear. Charity is curious about the sights and sounds that she recorded in 1985, and they enjoyed each other's companies, especially Peter, who had promoted school education enough to feel isolated from students. Others. Everything changed unexpectedly, even when the charity revealed some of these experiences with friends who brought her to the colony. Both are in violation of 13 of the UK as a symbol of the cast reinforced the fact that she survived the fever (not uncommon in 1700), both trying to learn how to save her life. The ending is sad. But there was an interesting final moment that made it impressive Both parts of the episode have a lot of pain. But both times, through lessons / warnings that seem to be what Rod Sterling will ripen and entertain, makes it cheerful as a reminder that friendship, love and wisdom can do a lot. Probably 3/4. In any way, I think it must be approved by Sterling's crew.
