Based on QUARTET's first follow-up title (1948), it helps to reduce the number of W. Somerset Maugham stories that include this film. The author still turned to suggest various episodes. But now there is no epilogue By the way, while the script of the original summary gives credit Solely with RC The sheriff here, Maugham, also assisted in the adaptation, as did Noel Langley (although it is unclear whether or not they only had one part). As expected, most QUARTET crews were preserved. For the second part - although this will extend to at least three selected members, including Naunton Wayne, Wilfrid Hyde-White and Felix Aylmer (the last two have a few pieces from the QUARTET title "The Colonel's Lady" ) While TRIO eventually appears to be less successful than its predecessor (Slightly unbalanced from the third story, which takes more than half of the run), but still continues to do the utmost care, starring by the protagonist and having a lot of fun in the bargain. <br /> <br /> "The Verger "talks about the sexton church (James Hayter), whose name is another word - who was fired after 17 years of service by the new priest Michael Hordern) just because he was illiterate. Rather than resting in his honor, despite his age, he will not only receive his wife (landowner, played by Kathleen Harrison), but open a tobacco shop, strategically placed in a long road without service. aforementioned Thriving, this is the development of the whole chain. The last scene saw him visit Felix Aylmer bank manager. But was surprised when he learned that Hayter lacked education but was prompted to ask him what he was interested in - which was rich. The tobacco responders responded by provoking one that he had called to be a verger! <br /> <br /> The second episode, "Mr. Know-All" for a short time, but may be something. The most attractive: the journey in the sea suffered from the presence of a British man, Nigel Patrick, although the name Kelada is a foreigner. The power in almost all things under the sun. Naunton Wayne and Wilfrid Hyde-White are the two passengers who have to endure him the most - after, because they share the cabin with men and the past in the view of Patrick's interest with a beautiful wife. his However, during the fancy dress party, the passengers decided to enact their 'revenge' in Kelada by letting one of them disguise him. (A joke that he doesn't like naturally) !; Still, it is here that he plans to show a good side to his character - told by Crawford that the necklace she wears is a fake, imitating Wayne, challenging Patrick to name its price ... but The latter immediately realized that the genuine article Compromise Crawford's position if he says so, Klaada allows herself to be ridiculed by the public instead of revealing the fact that the woman may have a secret girlfriend! <br /> <br /> It can also be deduced from the name "hospital" associated with many patients in such places - run by Andre 'Morell; The protagonist is the new apprentice Roland Culver, an observer. The lecture, in fact, highlights the particular three separate lines of the plot - one humor. (The feud between two Scottish seniors who lived in a long hospital, played by Finlay Kuri and John Laurie) Raymond Huntley and Betty Ann Davies, a long-suffering wife and a bit sweet (Love between innocence But with the charm of Jean Simmons and Michael Rainie, who is charming 'Savior' while Rainie left him for a few years
