Created after QUARTET is TRIO, still the quality of Maugham's previous short stories. Here are three stories: THE VERGER, MR knows everything and sanitation. The first two are cartoons (THE VERGER is like a protracted joke. But it is a joke that gives good returns) and the final story is more serious (About health issues) Once again, the author recommends movies and stories. <br /> <br /> James Hayter will soon play his signature role as Samuel Pickwick, a hero in THE VERGER. Little in the church, but the new Vicar (Michael Hordern) is an intellectual snobbery When he heard that Hayter had no education, he shot him. Hayter collected money, so he told his wife (Kathleen Harrison) that he liked to buy small items and tobacco stores. He had a good eye and his shop flourished. Soon he has many shops. When his nephew was named by Hordern, they were surprised to see how prosperous his former Verger was. The return is when the bank manager Felix Aylmer meets Hayter about his various investments. I will leave it with you to listen to the accidental ending. <br /> <br /> As Maugham meets a man like Max Kelada (Nigel Patrick) on a cruise in MR, knowing that everything Kelada is a person with Friendly and slightly overbearing from the Middle East who are on a business trip. (About jewelry) by the steamer, his roommate, Mr. Gray (Wilfred Hyde - White, quiet and appropriate), which is quite quiet, does not agree with Max. Max likes to be lively and soon is very involved in the entertainment of the ship. At this point, the story is similar to the part of the story that is not Maugham and the movie CHINA SEAS (1935), while Max bet that he can tell the real jewelry from a fake. He will see it.) I will not explain how Max increased the chances. <br /> <br /> SANITORIUM is the longest part. Roland Culver plays "Ashenden" (Maugham's alter-ego character - writer And the spy only once, as in Hitchcock's THE SECRET AGENT). Here he had to use a hospital for a few months for his health He met the amazing crew of people, including Jean Simmons, a weak but beautiful young woman. Finlay Currie as Scotsman is not annoying John John Laurie as the second irresistible Scotsman. Demonstrating his inner anger in his situation when his wife appeared and Michael Rainie was a young man with serious life-threatening illnesses Culver looked at three characters in their summary. Dealing with Simmons and Rainie is ridiculous. <br /> <br /> It was a game that was followed to the previous quartet.
