I find it hard to like anyone in this movie. The main characters are Lindy and Michael Chamberlain, whose daughter disappeared during the night in the Australian countryside, not a bad person. But of course, not everyone or everyone seen in this movie is not good. We know them better. But even though we are absolutely certain that this film requires us to feel guilty or innocent of the Chamberlain since the beginning of the tragic disaffection of their lives. But this film has a sociological perspective related to gossip, media, crowd news and assumptions. It's not a film about Australia's particularly bad society. It is just a story of a true story happening there. The society en masse is less developed than the individual's feelings, ensuring that we are people. <br /> <br /> When the guards insist on killing the dogs of the native people All due to unconfirmed actions of a single wolf Life spans beyond control because most magazines, newspapers and TV programs distort the tragic truth to the level of drama that encourages consumers to be in a frenzy. There are no signs of empathy or even looking at any reception. Knowing your self unconsciously influenced by left and right by hearsay and the intense feelings of those who surround life. The reason I admire this movie is because it turned my attention from the inside to a lot of people. <br /> <br /> Evidence from Lindy Chamberlain suspects that most are jet fuel by virtue of you In the eyes of the public, she didn't feel very worried when her daughter died. Why can you make you cold, even the indifference to look up at TV and newspapers? How much can you prevent the downward spiral if you behave more towards the public's preference for the media? Meryl Streep, one of the best actresses working today, if not particularly outstanding and other actors or filmmakers But she and the screenwriter understand Lindy. The angry thing is that it's not difficult. Obviously, she doesn't like to show emotion in public. In any case, whether or not you have access to a cute character immediately or not, we tend to sympathize with her situation. <br /> <br /> No matter how Is your show going to be a delight? As Sophie's choice, The Devil Wears Prada Angel in America or other works, it's a victory. It is difficult to make the audience feel uncomfortable when you intend to deny them the understanding of themselves. She disappointed us because we didn't know how she thought or felt. I take a moment to feel the love for you. But this is the way this film represents the reaction of the public's interest. <br /> <br /> She married a pastor and they both practiced religion in Small minorities and mostly misinterpreted Initially, they responded to their loss as if to reconcile themselves according to the will of God. Kick began to grumble. The rumors created the idea that their daughter's death was killing rituals in their parts. he What happened to the little girl, her parents, was part of the extent that most media did not immediately identify, so the first preference was to follow them with hunger ... well ... /> < br>> Meryl Streep and Sam Neill are on the screen all the time But the Australian people took the true role As with the punctuation marks for each advance plan, director Fred Schepisi cut off from the restaurant to the tennis court to a dinner party to the public office. Try Lindy and be screened according to their wishes. < br /> <br /> This Golan -Globus docudrama is not particularly memorable. The atmosphere of the atmosphere does not provide adequate compensation for the fact that there is no effective or distinctive aspect of production. But it was very successful as an allegation of conscious people
