The story of "The Thief of Bagdad" is complicated because it was told in the events that occurred and there are three separate lines and equally important that weaving together. The screenplay by Lajo Biros and the dialogue by Miles Malleson makes the story move every skillfully. King Ahmad, the young man of Baghdad, was angry at the Vizier Jaffar to execute a man with different ideas. He discovers while disguising that people blame him for Jaffar's actions and hate him. He is imprisoned by Jaffar, whom he meets with Abu. Both escaped and used the boat to Basra. There are companion spies when men clear the way, so no one will see the princess of the city passing by. Ahmad fell in love with her and visited her in her garden. He told her that he had come to her over time and won the kiss. Then he was arrested. When Jaffa himself defeated the Princess of Basra, Ahmad attacked the evil vizier who had made him blind and turned Abu into a dog. Jaffa asked for the princess's hand. He then gave a souvenir to the horse to fly to the Sultan of Basra. Ahmad blind tells his story in the market along with Abu as his dog. The prince slept and nothing could wake her. Therefore Jaffar sent his servant Halima to Ahmad and the dog in the hope that the prince would wake her. He wakes her up. She took a boat to see a doctor to treat Ahmad. But she was arrested by Jaffa, who then threw the dog into the water Then she allowed Jaffar to hold her in his arms, promising to restore Ahmad's eyes and turn Abu into a thief. The princess saw Ahmad's vision. He was in the boat Jaffar sent a storm around him and Abu was wrecked on a deserted island. Abu finds the devil or Jinn who wants to kill him now that he is free after centuries of being trapped in a bottle. Abu tricked him into proving that he came from a really small boat, then opened the cork again. For his escape, he received three blessings. His first thing was sausage. In the meantime, the princess begged her father to reject Jaffar; But Jaffa shows that the Sultan plays a new machine, one of which has six arms, stabbing him to death. Abu wants a second time to search for Ahmad, a cunning devil flying to the goddess of eyes that sees everything. Abu must climb a great web to go to the eye-catching jewel with a giant spider, then adjust the statue of the goddess Abu, looking at 'eyes' and seeing Ahmad in the valley. He has Jeanie to take him to Ahmad. Ahmad uses the princess's eyes. She smells flowers and forget everything at once. Abu wants them to be in Baghdad. But the devil laughed and went out Jaffar told the princess that she had fallen in love with him, not to mention Ahmad. Ahmad tried to fight the way to find the princess. But Jaffa smashed Abu 'eyes', found himself in "Land of Legends" in which the old guardian wants him to be their king. He stole the bow, the magic carpet and escaped instead to hurry to help Ahmad and the princess. The thief arrived in time to save the young king from the murderer by using his bow from the floating carpet until the suspicion of the crowd watching the execution. Jaffar tries to escape with a flying horse that has a mechanism. But another shot from Archer made him finish Ahmad is another ruler and plans to marry his princess; But when he tried to make Abu, his thief, the young thief refused to say that what he wanted was adventure, not working hard and being imprisoned in the palace. But it might be great This amazing story has been produced by the luxury producer Alexander Korda. The design was designed by Vincent Korda, the art director, while Georges Perinal filmed colorful movies. Credited directors include Ludwig Berger and Michael Powell by Tim Whelan, Alexander Korda, William Cameron Menzies and Zoltan Korda. Join extraordinary and many costume designs as the work of John Armstrong, Oliver Messel and Marcel Vertes. In addition to the beauty of the pictures that look beautiful and expensive, I claim that it is dominated by two elements of the melody of Melody Rossa. Rex Ingram shows the devil with curiosity as well as his normal intelligence and power. June Duprez is cute and powerful because Princess Mary Morris is a sad and beautiful Halima and Miles Malleson is a cynical and greedy sultan. Much As Ahmad John Justin seems to do what can be done with some part of the beloved little prince. He remembered well in his winning role. This film has a lot to do with this story that I found in Korda. Other works also. Its imaginative content is in contrast to very realistic scenes, sets and elements of scene design. This is one of the most memorable imaginative levels of all time and deserves to be fun again and again.
