- The film tells the story of a prince who has a wonderful life. But after the evil wizard tells him to enter the city disguised as a beggar, the wizard locks the prince and soon becomes the shadow ruler of Baghdad. The imprisoned prince met with a robber named Abu, who helped him escape from the prison and head to a city called Basra where he met the princess he fell in love with. But without knowing him, the evil wizard Jafa loves the princess trying to convince her father to allow him to marry her. Jafa soon realized that the prince tried to beat the girl's heart, so he made him blind and became a Abu dog. This led to the Prince and Abu going out on an adventure to find a way to defeat Jafa, restore peace to Baghdad and marry the princess. During their travels, they found everything from the sarcasm at Abu on a flight through a starving giant spider cloud and a flying horse that might give birth to one of the most beautiful sequences that these old eyes had seen. <br /> <br /> - This is a pure fantasy movie from beginning to end. There are flying horses, Genies, flying carpets and wizards that can actually do magic instead of just hitting people with employees. Send them It has no magical moments and love stories. Don't waste time. Production design is amazing in this film. From the palace to the dangerous traps that the heroes face Although the film is over 40 years old, the production design is better than most nonsense that has been fixed in theaters today. Music and songs are also good. Everyone who sees it will no doubt say "I want to be a sailor to sail in the sea" as one of the great musical moments in the movie. I tend not to be a big fan of singing in movies because I find that they enjoy doing my taxes. But I will be more than happy to be except for this movie. <br /> <br /> - Selling anything. The movie for me is the true truth that you see things that you don't see in everyday life. The same reason I like things like "Two Towers" and "Silent Hill" shortly before the new fantasy movies come with their realistic CGI that will make us feel like having this movie. That makes you don't have to worry about the green screen scattered all over One of my favorite images in "Two Towers" is what we see. Trolls turn on Black Gates. The main attraction of that shot for me is seeing these wonderful fantasy creatures do in Things that require labor are essentially Genie and other creatures in the movie. They are trying to earn a living like everyone who gives them a real feeling, even if they are just living things. Fantasy <br /> <br /> - It is impossible to watch this movie. The creator of "Aladdin" was inspired. The characters in this movie are characters in this movie from Genie, talkative to the flying carpet. It's not bad in my eyes because it's good to know that I'm not the only person in the world that has a deep love for this amazing movie. The first time I saw this as a child in my homeland and thought it was the greatest thing in the world and when I watched it again last week, I still thought it was amazing. That is a true proof that a great movie can withstand the test of time. Of course, the effects look outdated and wonderful. But it went back in the 40s to stop, not everything that looks old-fashioned, because most of the items still belong to themselves today when examined under today's standards. <br /> <br /> - If you ever want to watch the live version of "Aladdin" you should get Wish with this But an angry cynical bunch might do well to avoid this because this is not their cup of tea.
