One of the most beautiful movies that I saw when I was young was lost and still doing. In the case of Thief, the impression seems to have improved over time. By my daughter and I've seen it many times on TV But still go to see the picture when it comes to the local home theater When finished, we went out, eyes full of heads, full of poems and excited songs of Miklos Rozsa, who thought it would take a few hours and thought that the beautiful world was once again. Ahmad wanted to take the ghetto among his people for a moment to examine things but evil. Vajir Jaffar used his opportunity to detain him and seize the throne. After escaping from a bandit played by Sabu, Ahmad found the princess and they fell in love clearly? On the way they have many adventures. (Although it seems not enough for Sabu!) And love not only defeats but destroys everything Special effects must be fascinating in the 1940s, but the time has been affected and reduced their impact, especially since the digital illustrators have played a role. But they are still better compared to movies like Superman from 40 years later. However, if I was asked to suspend unbelief in a group of big manners, flying horses and carpets, I would suspend unbelief with special techniques. Perfect! A favorite bit: the dream scene in the sunshine garden when Ahmad reveals himself and the romantic songs of Adelaide Hall appropriately; Amazing colors in tents in the land of legend? In fact, beautiful colors throughout; The victory of Sabu and Rozsa, but the ending is still longing for Conrad Veidt to play as the baddie in two of the most incredible love films: Casablanca and dead. John Justin and June Duprez are great in the lead roles of both couples and arrogant Refreshing But the parts do not call for a variety of emotions: only pure love. <br /> <br /> There is a slightly violent picture. But please be assured that this is a delightful experience with a 100% positive message. It is a shame that today's children do not watch this thing instead of the pornography they want. One of my top ten popular movies, I can't recommend this too much ?? It may show the end of time.
