After having the opportunity to meet on the train, the young couple spent a night walking down the streets of Vienna to talk about life and love. The main reason to see "Before the sunrise" is watching the little Julie Dale, who sent her a role as "Celine". This blonde, sexy brown eye that is full of emotions is a hybrid between Brigitte Bardot and Joni Mitchell. They are in the mid-twenties. There is an excessive risk. Celine is a beautiful, bizarre and feminine ideal woman, while natural, unpretentious, thoughtful and selfless. We can easily forgive that she is a strange person and talks about the blue line because of her intelligent and sincere words, sometimes penetrating. In addition, her various expressions are not just cute and she speaks English with a very beloved French accent. <br /> <br /> If there is this movie in this movie, it must Is a movie that doesn't mess and mess her up Ethan Hawkes as "Jessie" debuted as a fascinating curse, which is the story of Maynard G. Krebs of the era. An attempt to appear and indifferent, he dragged himself. Own through some shots His pants are not fit. His tee-shirt is being removed. His wavy black hair. (The most interesting feature) needs good washing and someone should show him how to trim his goatee. However, he should be a representative of a youth who had never showered in a two-week train ride across Europe, so the appearance he was cultivated could be genuine. The cynical and humorous observations that seem to make an impression on Cain's romantic, irrational, even though she is sometimes disturbed by the extent of his alienation. Finally, when he admitted to her that he was fully ill and liked being close to her because he felt like a different person from her, we knew he was going somewhere. <br /> <br /> After blasting their capital in coffee shops, bars and diversions, they agreed that because they had never met again, they should use it as much as possible. Jesse squeezed a bottle of red wine out of the bartender. De Who is grateful for him and his beloved couples, may repair the local park in the middle of the night to sleep on the grass, looking up at the moon and the stars. <br /> <br /> From his boundless luck in the department Love is a sad story, especially when Jesse, as a definition of innocent innocence He was satisfied with his half-plan, planned at the train station quickly when he offered a good bye to gather at the same point in half a year. By the time of appointment, you just know that this beautiful and unusual woman will be involved with other women, perhaps even married and pregnant. For whatever reason, she may not show while Jesse, who works at Target or (if he is lucky), the local library will return to Vienna, hoping to meet her again just to be alone / > <br /> Despite the frustrating conclusion for me, "Sunrise" is a beautiful movie. I suggest both it and the sequel "Before Sunset"
