When I saw this movie in theaters when it came out in 1995, through free advanced movie screenings, I was fully enchanted and willing to pay money to watch. I'm sorry when I talked to many people after seeing it and those who were disappointed with it and how it ended. On the other hand, I feel completely opposite. I am satisfied with the results and everything The people I talk to say that there is too much talk! And they are not happy because they feel that the ending is over. You wonder about the fate of the two characters. I find that these observations are nonsense and it is a painful evidence that most Americans who watch movies tend to want stories that are easy to follow in movies that don't have complicated and intelligent conversations. They also like to be tidy at the end of the spoon - happy or sad. This makes me disgust. No one wants to be challenged anymore ??? And for the ending (And I don't want to be a spoiler) I am fully satisfied because I know in mind that these two characters will meet again. It's all about your personal beliefs about love and destiny. It's a private movie that doesn't speak to everyone. But it certainly speaks to me. Give a chance! Be patient with it! Richard Linklater created a very cute movie with a beautiful story behind the beautiful background of Vienna. Watching it makes you feel as though you are walking along the city streets with various characters. As if you were traveling through Europe with Eurail tickets It's very close In addition, Ethan Hawk and Julie Delphi do an excellent job in bringing complex screenplays to life. They have to be improvised in some parts and it works well. They have excellent chemical properties in their role. Their embarrassment as strangers to know each other at first is a very convincing thing and you can feel the love and bond between them while the movie goes. I feel that this is a personal job for you. Linklater and I respect him very much for creating this movie. It certainly impressed me and I hope it will make other people very impressed. Cheers for romance !!!
