I bought the DVD of Before Sunset and watched it for the first time last week. When seeing it twice, I couldn't help but disappear before sunrise, not because the sequel was not great. But I felt that both of these films ended up unlike any other sequel that I had done every time I watched one end. I feel the desire and desire to see others. So I spent many weeks watching both things repeatedly. I would be quite shy to talk about how many times. The most amazing thing about Before Sunrise is how you feel about developing the feelings of their characters to each other. It sounds very easy. The growth of chemistry. I think other romantic movies may think that they have succeeded in following the development. But for me - the unbelievable Ephron Nora - before sunrise is the first movie. Let the audience really see The opportunity to feel it When I saw it for the first time about 8 years ago, when I was 20 years old, I liked it very much. But I didn't give it a rating "Great movie" It seems that I feel like everyone else thinks the movie is good. Linklater is too smart to make it more realistic. It lasts 10 minutes. The character is too. I think I like it because it is like a dream and because I like their conversations, etc. etc. But now thank you before sunset. I feel it is more than before the sunrise than I felt before. I see more distinct elements: Jessie Leen, Vienna, their dialogue, everything. The way in which each element is separated by itself and they have the opportunity to blend the story into a time frame that I don't feel controlled. And the freedom that every scene has, including refusal to be too effective, how can I blind that those qualities didn't make me stand out when I first saw it! Now, 8 years have passed, the more movies I have seen, the more I realize that many movies are just a set of scenes that are ordered for the end of it, even movies like Pulp Fiction or Slackers of Linklaters. The story of Jesse and Celine avoided, perhaps Before Before Sunset is a better example in this case, but Before Sunrise is also one of the few films in which the ending is a sequel. From time to time, not every destination has its own life. I don't know whether Linklater or others have a sequel in their heart when they do before sunrise. But for me, one of the most amazing things about these sequels is what these two films show to each other. Before sunrise, which I thought had a constant angel and a brighter color scheme, it seems to try to capture the smallest atom of vitality. Around Jesse and Celine, the world is always full of hope, no matter how. The drama will feel or not. At the same time, I entered into a vision of boredom while Jesse was talking to a reporter in Before Sunset and Celine's first smile from the back of the shelf was the most painful smile I had seen in the beginning. Of many movies and animations afterwards Take me to a place where I don't know, with the sadness of me, no matter how beautiful Paris is, and whether I'm happy that they meet again. I am sorry that I continue to use my English long before the sun sets up to be an extraordinary movie without I having to think of disruption and it is better with the same great sequels.
