Many criticisms on this topic seem to choose the comparison of this film with "The Mortal Storm" or "Casablanca". Everyone has the right to compare the movies they choose. But the similarities of the "Death Storm" and "Look on the Rhine" are clear that the problems of refugees are threatened by Nazi leaders, while the main comparison points brought with "Casablanca" do not seem to. Fair to Humphrey Bogart in 1943 by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences because they chose Paul Lucas instead of the Academy Award for Best Actor It didn't make me completely wrong. Lucas has a good career in movies. (Both here and England - he is a villain in "The Lady Vanishes") and this performance is his best chapter Bogart has a great performance over him in Rick Blaine. (For example, he was ignored by Sam Spade in "The Maltese Falcon" and Roy Earle in "High Sierra" two years ago, both of which were the first performances and he wouldn't Won the Oscar for his greatest performance as Fred C. Dobbs in "The Treasure Of Sierra Madres", writer / murder suspect in "In A Lonely Place" and Captain Philip Francis Queeg in " The Caine Mutiny "After that, for Charlie in" The African Queen ") I think Bogie should get it for Dobbs role, but it didn't happen. But Lucas is lucky - he gets it from less defined work in his career. There are only a few people who can claim it. <br /> <br /> For me, the movie to watch with "Watch On The Rhine" is based on another drama / drama by Hellman "The Lookup Wind "They both looked at the isolation spirit of America in the 1920s and 1930s." The Lookup Wind "is a true look at the time between wars, while" Watch On The Rhine ", which is located in a few The past year has just entered World War II. Which must relate to a matter of weeks. So it was created for better and more meaningful play for impact. <br /> <br /> This film has many good performances, led by Lucas as a fighter / organizer. Send anti-Nazi weary But committed Davis as his faithful wife (Make her character the lowest key possible The center of the toy activity, Coulouris is selfish, conspiracy. Teck Lucille Watson as Davis's mother and Geraldine Fitzgerald (as Wise, Coulouris and Sad and Wives) criticized the violence. (As head of the Gestapo agency, the local embassy leader) about Coulouris and others who are dealing with the Nazis It interacts with the bite in it. And what is said is quite true There are also moments of poetry near Witness the final scene when Coulouris was left alone with Lucas and Davis and said "The new world has abandoned the scene into the old world." Sometimes Hellman can write very well. <br /> <br /> With the strength of the screenplay and the show, I will rate this film among the World War II movies.
