Before sunrise is love for the sluggard Richard Linklater's romantic drama is a true dream for most people. This film shows the romance of all things. But it doesn't have any mistakes that happen to most couples And in the short term, this film has two people who have a close relationship with perfection as the relationship comes - with only one problem, the problem of time While most relationships end in time But this thing remains strong all the time, the only thing that has deteriorated Before sunrise will not be 'Hollywood Romance' is a sentimental emotion which is another aspect that makes this movie lead in front of the claimant. This story follows two people, Jesse; Americans and Celine; French girl found on the train to Vienna They connect immediately and after telling his terrifying thoughts to the television program and almost on the train, Jesse asks Celine to join him all day in Vienna's beautiful city. <br /> < br /> Before sunrise Work primarily for two reasons - realistic performances and great scripts that create characters through their thoughts and feelings and enable us to know them as we do in real life This makes the characters free and easy to believe that these people are real people, not just actors from the script. This also helps us to feel the characters they are and not just because they are the protagonists. This kind of realism is difficult to capture at the end of the day. As we, the audience knows that they are watching movies and not observing real life. But before the sunrise will be one of the most realistic life exhibitions ever on screen. A truly wonderful script cannot work on its own and needs an excellent performer to deliver as much as it's fair and even if I'm not a fan of Julie Deply or Ethan Hawke; To watch this movie, nothing you can do. But both respect I don't know if they have a role or just playing themselves. But when this movie is good It's not important. <br /> <br /> In this movie, it's the most important writing, and in the script there are many observations about life. This shows what Richard Linklater achieved with this script. But create and create characters only But also showing true love with other aspects of life, the fact that not all the anecdotes associated with me again represent the ability to write Everyone is different and different parts of the script will attract different people. There may be some aspects about one person who loves and hates one another. And is the case with the musings in this script. Adding to the beauty of the movie is the city of Vienna. This city is not very important to this film because it is a story that can happen anywhere - but it makes the image cute and romantic, energetic and lively. At the same time, Richard Linklater created something rare in the movie world. Movies that embody the beauty of life without having to pass to the top or appreciate too. Before sunrise is what it is And what is it that is the meaning of pure movies
