When I found this movie during the Christmas season, its name was not familiar to me since I had not read the novel and had never heard anything about this movie. But after reading the content, I decided to spend Christmas evenings watching movies. The result surprised me completely: I do not remember when I saw the latest movie that was all related to me. VOW TO CHERISH. Without a doubt, one movie that is now truly a surprise That I received from the cinema This is my argument. Why do I think this movie is a good movie? <br /> <br /> First of all, all the content is about education. It has something to offer to modern audiences - pure correct faith and answers to universal questions. In our day, is there a need for Christ? Love is still important? What is faith? What is the logics of burden and suffering in life? Is there someone beside me that I can trust? Movies provide answers through content because everything that happens to the characters may happen to all of us. <br /> <br /> Secondly, this film is especially humane. The main characters are exposed to internal struggles and dealing with very difficult decisions. It would be better for Kyle, David Denman) and Teri (Megan Paul) to start their own lives and forget about the family or maintain the values ​​they teach at home? Is it better or John (Ken Howard) will leave Ellen. (Barbara Babcock) His sick wife and start a new life with Julia. (Donna Bullock) The woman he fell in love with In fact, Ellen could not remember anymore ... but he decided to pledge to be faithful to his life if Phil (D. David Morin), John's stubborn younger brother, is better. Use his simple life, even if it does not satisfy him or when he begins to think seriously about his life Phil's prayer to God in the park is a universal psychological work on humanity. These words can be said by everyone, no matter where, when or how they live. <br /> <br /> Thirdly, this movie is a great family image that is not very popular. At present: there is a problem, but there is something more powerful that will bring these people together. "Something" is love and trust. I know that it may seem rather fanciful. Not that everyone in the family will rely on integrity and may not be that easy. However, it is an aspect of education and realism. <br /> <br /> Fourthly, all movies focus on the mutual assistance of people. If we want to have a happy life in our society, we must understand one thing: we must help each other. Alexander (Ossie Davis) is an example of this attitude. At the beginning of the movie, we see him talking to John about prayer. Later he helped his brother. Alexander is the "angel" sent to John and his family. Is it impossible for us to become angels together? <br /> <br /> Fifth, the artistic features are worthy of attention. Performance: Barbara Babcock gives the same true performance as El. Lane and although she has a difficult role But she works perfectly Consider, for example, the time when she appeared at school and wanted to teach again. Ken Howard is still remembered as a faithful husband. Picture: The most memorable thing for me is the scene of John and Ellen in the park that walks on the fallen leaves. (Autumn) while sunlight (love) spread everywhere I interpret it as a symbol: even though there is sadness, it always shines with light and happiness ... <br /> <br /> Pledges to play a great movie that shows me. Realistic Love, honesty is what proves to me once again how beautiful it is to live and believe. At the end, I wanted to speak a profound word from the movie that I found to be very impressive and hope that you would make Kyle with his uncle. But no one forced you to do that Still, what are your rules?
