I will tell the story of summer 1994 to my friend. I attended the Canadian National Day concert in Barrie and are in the famous Canadian group. We arrived there, about four o'clock, waiting almost every morning, and when the door opened at 9 o'clock in the morning, we were in the first group in the door. Then we waited and waited in the hot, slow, slow sun. But we don't care because headliners are in our favorites. At one point in the afternoon, I sat down and slept with a return to the barrier. I was awakened and shocked by a girl shrieking wearing a Rheostatics T-shirt. This is the reason I hate Rheostatics to this day. There is nothing that is reasonable or does not have a taste or something, except for their fans. So I, in my band's hatred, rejected myself as a whale song. <br /> <br /> Desmond Howl has everything. It's hard to say what he lost because he lives in An amazing mansion located between the ocean and mountains (The prehistoric region in which this film was filmed remarkably) The life that most of us dream of will be demolished by dreams, ghosts and his own past until the teenage criminals in ... and repetitive as it Listen to make him crack. <br /> <br /> Canadian cinema suffers from many problems. In general, lack of money as well as lack of help (As if that feature will become a Canadian) makes the production value lower than American or British movies and most people don't like to see anything It sounds like it doesn't look like American movies. Next, the Canadian script writers often feel strange until they don't see a way to tell a good story and tell it well. Thirdly, they seem to think that naked nudity (usually a full forehead) causes art. I'm sure everyone who watched Canadian movies, especially late at night on CBC, knew what I was saying. It's almost like a guide. "Don't do this." There is somewhere and the Canadian filmmakers threw it for a long time. <br /> <br /> In the 90s and 00s, however, some movies (such as Bruce McDonald's and CRAZY at the top Great to make this mold break and manage to preserve what makes them Canadian while adhering to the production value that can be viewed and the great story. Whale Music is a film on the surface. Deeper than just the Canadian belief, it is a deep moving story of a man who lost his occupation through grief and beyond that people were redeemed with music by love. And that is ransom even Rheostatics :)
