"Emma" is a product of what might have been called the first round, Jane Austen's, in the mid-nineteenth century, and it just appeared on British television. No doubt, because of the interest in the author Created by beginning with "Pride and Prejudice" two years ago We now have in the Austen biography theater "Becoming Jane" and ITV has produced three television movies from Austen's novel. These things, including "Northanger Abbey", only one of the six main novels that have not been filmed earlier, so now the circuit should be complete. However, there is no doubt that there will be more in the near future. (That is the end of her young girl "Love and Friendship" (sic), short novella "Lady Susan" and someone somewhere, no doubt ends when she has not finished two pieces "The Watson" and "Sanditon" from There are all Austen's sequels written by modern writers. <br /> <br /> The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a young woman from an elite family in Regency England (not like That some critics consider Victoria, England - Austen's death before Emma has a better financial position than most Austen heroines, such as Elizabeth Bennett or Fanny Price, and doesn't have to find himself a wealthy husband. But her main preoccupation seemed to find a husband for her friend. She persuaded her friend Harriet to reject the marriage proposal from Robert Martin's farmer who believed that Harriet should look. The ambitious priest, Mr Elton, has a serious mistake. However, Elton doesn't care about Harriet. But fell in love with Emma The speed at which Emma rejected his offer, wondering why she was eager to pair her friends with the man she respected. (For good reason) as a married couple that is not suitable for themselves This is the plot of Jane Austen, Emma became less determined than she thought, and she found herself falling in love and leading to further complications. <br /> <br /> Emma always insists that she will not. Married without love and when she meets a handsome partner, Knightley, we feel that this will be a truly lovely marriage. However, it seems that it is not a very fascinating thing. (Unlike Elizabeth Bennett and Darcy) Knightley, who is more than sixteen years old than Emma (she is 21 years old, he is 37 years old) and is related to her marriage, which is like a father-body. More than couples In fact, there are more father photos than her true father. hypochondriac To the selfish selfish person who looks like her grandfather When Emma is rude to a boring and boring friend, Miss Bates, it is Knightley who mocked her for lack of manners. (His surname may mean showing the nature of gentlemen gentlemen in the nineteenth century, like to think of himself as a modern medieval knight, equivalent to a medieval knight with elaborate codes). Both Gwyneth Paltrow and Jeremy Northam played their roles very well. But this is not a great love for the screen. <br /> <br /> From other characters, I like Juliet Stephenson's rude Mrs Elton and Harriet's Toni Collette. I know that in the novel Harriet is a teenage boy. Naughty while she is like the Collette character playing in "Muriel's wedding" - gauche, twentysomething A little fat, a little worried about the opportunity to find men However, I feel that this character works well in the context of the film and does not deviate from Austen's themes. <br /> <br /> "Emma" is one of the lightest works of Oz. Mansfield Park "or even" Pride and Prejudice "and this is reflected on the screen We see the world of beauty and grace that is filled with stately homes, luxurious costumes and good manners. In addition to the disgusting gypsies who appear briefly, the "poor" person we only see is Mrs. Bates and her daughter, and when they live in a rosy hut filled with Beautiful, which today will change hands to 500,000 pounds. We can be confident that their poverty is not completely related in the world of Emma. Poverty means having no stately home. Own Of course, this is not a comprehensive picture of the early nineteenth century life. But no one ever claimed that Austen was a Regency equivalent to the truth in the kitchen, sink A complex romantic comedy combined with an eye that is more enthusiastic for analyzing human characters in her line. <br /> <br /> I'm not going to rate this movie quite as high as 1994. "Feelings and Feelings "or the latest pride and Prejudice" - it tends to drag in the middle, even if it has a strong starting point and strong ending - but essentially it is an adaptation Staines highly enjoyable 7/10.
