Love in the air and love is blossoming in the Victorian era in England. In this sensitive story, with society at a time when manners remain in popularity, those women are charming and elegant. Mama, based on Jane Austen's novel and written and directed by Douglas McGrath, is a cute actor Gwyneth Paltrow in the film. Emma is a self-appointed matchmaker, very pleased with the romantic idea of ​​playing Cupids and trying to match what she feels is right for each other. From a successful match that ended in marriage, she set her perspective on finding a partner for her friend Harriet. (Tony Collection) But the results of her first attempt proved less satisfying. At the same time, her efforts were molded by handsome Mr. Knightley (Jeremy Northam), who had a deep understanding of the subject of the heart, often looking slightly witty than Emma and balancing the proceedings. And Emma related to the right things for others, neglecting the most important heart of all: her own. The world revolves around and love is abundant. But Emma is about to miss the boat. However, luck for her is that someone is waiting for her in the wings. Now if you can But stopped long enough to realize it But everyone who knows true love knows about the heart, can go right or wrong immediately, depending on the smallest thing; And while love is close to reaching Emma's hand, she must remember it first and grab that moment. <br /> <br /> McGrath has created and delivered movies that feel good and feel good at Like the fresh air in us The world is often turbulent. There may be nonsense about this. But in retrospect, this story deals with something that may be the most important thing - in all honesty - with everyone: love and with McGrath's impeccable sense of rhythm and time, making everything Come out to have fun and enjoy. It is a film that is happy and has an impact on the great performers who have succeeded in transporting the audience to another time and elsewhere. It is light but absorbing; And beautiful settings and legal action, giving a feeling of well-being and peace that allows you to indulge in it and go with the current <br /> <br /> winsome Paltrow Oscar winner Best show for `Shakespeare In Love 'Two years after doing this, it seemed comfortable and at home in this style. She is an Englishman of all things and has done it with all the naturalness and facilities that are a type of performance that is easy to see or overlook. She is good at what she does and makes it look very easy. She has an attractive screen and looks cute, reminiscent of Audrey Hepburn, but Paltrow is outstanding. As an actress, she is diverse and stylish and has shown - with movies such as 'Hard Eight,' 'Hush' and 'A Perfect Murder' - she can play all parts efficiently and with privacy. Touch that makes any role that she plays on her own. But with the characters like Emma that she shines She is an expressive and open person, and her personality is so attractive that she is a person who has an easy relationship and is happy to watch, no matter what role she plays. And for Emma, ​​she is absolutely perfect. <br /> <br /> Jeremy Northam admits himself well in the role of Knightley and, like Paltrow, which fits the genre - in the right role, that is; His performance in the latest drama 'The Golden Bowl', which he plays as the Italian prince, is less satisfying. However, here he is perfect. He is handsome and takes himself in a way that makes Nightley very believable and true. Like Mr. Darcy of Colin Firth in the miniseries `Pride and Prejudice 'Northam created a memorable character with Mr. Knightley's character. <br /> <br /> Excellent in supporting roles and deserving of mention, Toni Collette, as well as Emma Harriet Smith's friend; And Alan Cumming as Reverend Elton, respectively. Collette and Cumming create a very real character and become an important asset to the overall success of this film. And it shows how valuable the players are in the movie world and towards all kinds of movies. <br /> <br /> Supporting actors include Greta Scacchi (Mrs. Weston), Denys Hawthorne (Mr. Woodhouse)), Sophie Thompson (Miss Bates), Kathleen Byron (Mrs. Goddard), Phyllida Law (Mrs. Bates), Polly Walker (Jane Fairfax) and Ewan McGregor (Frank Churchill), an upscale and elegant movie "Emma" Is a reminder of civilized behavior and the value of tenderness and grace in a world that is often surrounded Drying resentment And even through the magic of the silver screen only But it is good to be able to escape to this world only in a few hours because it fulfills the need to restore faith in the human spirit And that is the magic of the movie I give this rating 9/10 <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
