When I saw CUBE, I was a fan of Vincenzo Natali. It seems that Natalie has an improper ability to use the story and hardly squeezes the wet towel for all the stories he can collect. But he let his own story open in a natural way. In fact, you may believe that this cube is an attempt to escape, or in the case of nothing large, there is no ... What! The ads have me hooked immediately. It seems very easy! Bring two characters that no one likes and send them to a world that doesn't have anything. Natali does this to make you forget the logic without which there is nothing. In fact, the world of anything becomes irony in movies. There is nothing there, but there is also 'something'. <br /> <br /> It may be a good time to point out that I am lucky enough to really understand that this movie is leaning towards the more humorous side of the other examples, so when watching a movie I laugh every once in a while. /> If I might take a moment to watch this movie on, it is a concept. It is a genius concept to have a world that has nothing and put two characters there. Pitch two people to use the philosophy and work around their strengths point of the movie is a movie, even though at first it may look out! At each wall, the north, the earth, the south, the west, up and down is just a white plane, the perception of depth will be wrong. It is difficult to determine what is placed in the Mis-En-Scene. The movie has many moments when this happens. But in most cases, the camera is placed so that two characters or objects and characters are placed in the foreground and the background makes sense to the depths. <br /> <br /> However, this film is lacking in some areas. This movie is quite short. But even then, shortly thereafter, the novelty of this world is nothing boring and you want to find some solutions to the story. In addition, we can confirm that the performance is again suspicious. These two characters are different, so we do not feel sympathy at any point for these characters. However, on the other hand, the chemistry and friendship between the two characters seems to be enough. But there is something missing. <br /> <br /> Even then I arranged it to be a fun movie! Don't let the trailer fool you into thinking that this is a horror movie in other science fiction stories. It's more funny! Of course, it is definitely worth watching for the concept itself!
