Tweaked a little 'nothing' may be a movie for children. It's a very clever concept. Experience interesting, metaphysical themes and resist Hollywood conventions every time you think of ... anything that contradicts everything more than a letter. "Nothing"? Nothing is the story of two friends who wish the whole world to occur when everything is wrong with their lives. What is left is what they don't hate and the large white space is empty. It's hard to focus on just two actors for most of your movies, especially without cutting down on what's happening outside the plot. It focuses on a single subject. But it's the land of Vincenzo Natali. If you see 'cube', you already know that he has a tendency to like that situation. "Nothing" in this movie seems to be endless, but Natali tries to make it quite. Disgusting, if only because nothing truly exists and there is no place to go Actors sell it, even if you can tell that these people are friends. Two actors from 'Cube' come back here (worth it and Kazan) but are totally different characters. They change throughout the story, and even if they are not the strongest actors in the world, they believe at the very least. <br /> <br /> The reason I say this may be a movie for children under The right tune is Because in addition to f-bombs and unnatural blood dream sequences that are quite strange and stupid feelings of this movie are easily digested by children, so I think it's a strange option that the author decided to add to the language. Which is a little cruel and bloody, especially when considering that there are not many This will make PG ratings easier if they cut something and change the conversation a little. This film has very little offensive content. But it is enough to make the parents do not want the children to see it But because that may be the only thing that prevents this film from having a wider exposure. <br /> <br /> Every aspect is a fun movie With a few scenes drawn But in fact, it didn't matter and focused on both characters and their interactions without anything. They worked surprisingly well for independent movies.
