The director Vincenzo Natali first demonstrated his passion for flickering the sci-fi movies of the characters in his short film "Elevated" in 1997, where 3 people were still stuck in the elevator while the monster Invisible to roam in the building His follow-up project, "Cube", which was released that year, is very similar. This time, there are 6 people and instead of an elevator, it is a large expansion of the harmonization of the cube. Both admired the efforts to make Sci-Fi take another step by deliberately refusing to show that almost all of the visual stimuli were chosen instead of spending as much time as possible in aiming. Attention to human elements And dangerous conditions After his exploration into the mainstream with "Cypher" in 2002, Natali returned to the trend of his bizarre movie characters to give us "nothing", the latest and the most optimistic and funny in the world wide film. "What If?" <br /> <br /> Dave (David Hewlett) and Andrew (Andrew Miller) are friends all their lives by gathering together. Of society and no one is too Dave, which is always hindered by a selfish and dim nature, free of charge with Andrew at a poorly built house and poorly built, which he often takes advantage of Sharp and Andrew's mind Despite all this But those two mistakes were happy together until one day their deep flaws, coupled with astronomical misfortunes, put them in the midst of a serious problem to watch in prison. In addition to this, they discovered that their home was not suitable for existence and was set to be demolished before the sunset, so in the darkness, the fear of all things went wrong, they hoped that the whole world would disappear. And doing so <br /> <br /> Going forward with the conclusion will make the movie slower. (Sometimes too slow), revealing about what happened to Dave and Andrew and what they deal with their new reality Natalie's obsession with the study of human behavior under duress (ala The Birds) lies in the spades, but only makes the main character a friend rather than a stranger. He can separate from the horror-horror elements of the place. Here to open it The level is more comfortable and optimistic. Almost as though he had created a gnome as opposed to "Cube". <br /> <br /> Of course, this film is not laughter and sunshine. 85 minutes to maintain the basic realism, the resistance against the two. Enemies sometimes have nasty results. Like the "Desert Island" game, movies that see even the best friends when alone can be separated. But at the same time shows that friends are important to the quality of existence With a very distorted sci-fi method, this is a good feeling with a good heart and good intentions. <br /> <br /> However, there are a couple of qualms to have "nothing" while leading actors. Two of them, Hewlett and Miller, do well with the characters. But their characters are not as interesting as they should, because it is up to them to entertain us. Having developed the relationship and personality of Dave and Andrew, some have developed. But in the end it was not enough A generous audience will sit with the least engaging part of the film to see through to the end. But the cynicism may give up pretty quickly. <br /> <br /> Acting as mentioned is sufficient and considering the number of 'green screen' tasks that will be needed. David Hewlett and Andrew Miller, both of whom wrote a long-time friend of Winchaino. Natalie: Hewlett is featured in every movie in the movie. Tali do Maybe it was their creativity that brought this movie in a better direction. However, the story may be more relevant. It's true that it's quite fun when considering that (No pun) Nothing actually happens. But you get the impression that in the more experienced hands can do more with this evidence. <br /> <br /> In all justice, "nothing" is an impressive work in many ways. Interesting in the direction is creativity, the script works on a human level, and most importantly, it shows Natalie's creative progress for his working fans. As happy and for others it will be a great way to pass the time when not needed. It's just a shame that fixing the director in a human drama makes it impossible to be a great and fun movie.
