Nothing wonderful! As easy as that! It is a movie that shouldn't be used. Natali is still in the sci-fi kingdom. But this movie is a comedy. It looks like Cypher is a big deal that makes Natali's budget run out ($ 7.5 million! This is a low budget, creating the best independent film. Simple, good old-fashioned storytelling and film making efforts to make artistic merits, taking into account the usual reasons for Hollywood for the most financial gain. Nothing is a movie about nothing and before you ask, no, it's not something like a file! In general, Andrew and Dave are losers. They live in strange houses under two expressways. Andrew is an agoraphobic phone travel agent, while Dave is Andrew's best friend who is with him for free to help him. However, Dave was bored and had a beautiful girlfriend he wanted to move in with. Dave discovers that his girlfriend has embezzled a lot of money from Dave, the work place. Dave and Dave Andrew are accused of mistaking the sex scout girl wrongly when Ann's house appears. Drew had to be demolished and he could not stop it because the house built on the land should not be built. Both Andrew and Dave were in the house when the police and the team demolished. They were desperate and unable to escape, and in fear and confusion as the police raided, everything became white. What happened? Dave and Andrew are dead? They wake up to find themselves still in the house only quiet. No police, no demolition team, no angry girl scouts! What happened was that Dave and Andy discovered that they had the ability to "Desire or hate" when it appears that they hate the whole world They were left alone. The house is surrounded by anything which shows that it is pure white. So what this means is that the movie setting is a white house set. This film is an interesting perspective about the loneliness of humans and the mind, and of course they spend more time alone with no food and without water. They discover that they can hate hunger which is useful. But obviously things go out of hand, we will say I can't reveal much. But I must say that the head that is bouncing is the image that is seen. <br /> <br /> The film is strange, funny and interesting. The effect is simple. But effectively, Natalie gathers two friends from Cube, David Hewlett and Andrew Millar to bring the movie. They have chemical properties and work very well. They have to hold 90% of the movie by themselves and mostly in a pure white background. But can use Of course, I expect this to be treated as cruel as Cypher did and should appear on DVD in a year or two in America. There is nothing that is a high-quality and unique movie, and even if not as good as Cube or Cypher, it proves that Natalie is the best one and the audience. <br /> <br /> Natali is a man. Interested me in three Until now and I can't wait for his next qualification I was a victim of God. He did not make a cemetery that was written and directed by the ADD sufferer, Paul Anderson. Vincenzo's old friend. If Paul came around you, RUN !!! Run WIND THE WIND !! I hope and prey. This guy doesn't go to Hollywood like Alex Proyas. (With fun But with sugar-coated pussy feet with helium light: I'm a robot!) Caught my eye with this man ****
