When it comes out, this is the state of entertainment, movies, music, art. To this day, it is more fun than most because James Cine has a leading role as a producer of musical plays under the deadline and is protected from all storms by "Friday Girl", his trusty, played by Joan In addition, the musical numbers at the end, which were compiled by Busby Berkeley, are astonishing as long as that thing goes on. <br /> <br /> But this is a rather strange movie. I mean, one of those numbers, you have Billy Barty running to pretend to be a cute toddler doing all kinds of strange things. It seems like Ruby Keeler will have a nasty smile on her face all the time. Time But at least she doesn't have to act like her bad luck movie later You never guessed that Dick Powell was a tough guy who saw him in this movie. Obviously, the power of the strong man was allocated to the star Cagney. For Cagney, his high speed about music and other things was beloved and annoying at the same time. After a while it gets a little too much. You expect him to walk out and say, "Hey! I have a good idea for the prologue! Women are cigarettes and they come out of cigarette smoke! Oh no, we did that last month! "It's funny, but it gets repeated during the time he has to deal with the bad boy. Ruth Donnelly, the real Cagney character, comes out. In fact, the gangster director B is often credited here by practicing the conversation and it seems that sometimes Cagney and Blondell call the "road" even if the character is not wrong. <br /> <br / > Music, numbers ... What can you say? They stand alone as entertainment. The way Berkeley uses the human body and geometry is really shocking. But they don't mean anything. It means "honeymoon hotel". Nothing more or less. And all the excuses of merging disappear immediately, because the characters in the program are doing things that the theater audience may not appreciate, such as screenplays For example, at a certain point, they were showing printouts on newspapers, things like that. All things might be in the movie only, so the idea that the preface is true, live performance is ridiculous. I can only guess that the audience at that time is less important than this kind of thing than they would have ten years later or more because this is a very beautiful production. <br /> <br /> It's great. Who saw himself performing Cagney with his excellent dance skills and he could share the stage with dancers like Keeler. Cagney and Blondell had excellent chemistry and their scenes were really good. The song I will say is just medium. But most will be favored if repeated The general direction of bacon is very appropriate. But never interested The value of the entertainment of this movie can not be denied and also brings the value of nostalgia together It was cut out mostly. "Try to put on the show" movies in the 30s
