Oliver Stone (co-creator), the first film producer and one of the first films in Lloyd Kaufman's impressive career (co-founder and president of the only true independent film studio in the world, Troma Create a Tenger Avenger and at the famous Amsterdam Fantastic Filmfestival, the creator of award-winning films for over 30 years.) When making money for this movie, Lloyd himself This is written with Theodore Gershuni in 1970 and with regret the Gershuni's advice to direct the film, rather than doing it themselves. But before that, he had no experience in the business and probably because this decision made him no longer accepting nonsense from anyone. In fact, it is interesting to see Lloyd's own chapter as one of the brave, original, experimental and uncompromising original directors in the world. He may give more edge than it already has. But as we have the movie Gershuni directed and the weather is due to the screenplay or the fact that he is also a director of his own, SUGAR COOKIES is a very intelligent and vigilant movie that deserves more attention Received Budget shoelaces in a small studio (This is before Kaufman and his friends and partners for over 30 years. Michael Herz, founder of Troma) must work with, so well managed until the movie looks much more expensive. Look at "low budget". See all the stories. Revolves around lesbian Camilla Stone (played by the mysterious Mary Woronow) and her lover who has died in various situations. I will not reveal that it will not make me happy. This leads to the continuation of plotting, mind games and personality reforms inspired by Hitchcock's Vertigo and at least creative. The atmosphere is so scary and compared to Nicholas Roeg's and Donald Cammell's performance in this mix is ​​a thrilling, original and creative thriller that makes it quite clear how it will end with the plot. A sub-blend that perfectly combines the nods of Kaufman. Previously, FUSS spent an hour and a half exciting. Of course, it is one of the best movies in Troma's library and is also one of the films that challenge the imagination that their catalog is one of the bad tastes. The DVD was interviewed recently. Kaufman dealt with Woronov and the other Lady Lynn Lowry (later found in THE CRAZIES of George Romero), therefore providing interesting insights about what happened. During this cult Will be different if Lloyd directs it himself Highly recommended
