Starting here is a summary: Porno queen Alta Lee (Lynn Lowry) is murdered by Max (George Shannon), a lover of her photographer in the Russian sex roulette game. Alta's other lover, the ice-casting lesbian agent Camila Stone (Mary Woronov) is an excuse for Max, but Camila has her own agenda and plans related to Julie's temptations. Innocent (Lynn again) in the web of sex thinking games When the identity of the lookalikes is blurred reasonably, the stage is set to avenge a passion like the hottest sexual confrontation. <br /> <br /> Although the film is quite vague and doesn't get much attention. But I found it to be sexy, a suspicious jewel. Cult goddess Woronov has one of the best roles she has ever had, and she and Lowry, the sexy innocent, play well. The unstable music of Gershon Kingsley includes two original songs. ("All-American Boy," "You said you never disappointed me") and Jaynetts "Sally, Go 'Round the Roses" composed a memorable soundtrack. The direction of Theodore Gershuny is clear. With earth tone tones, it is ideal to introduce abominable businesses under the crust of society. With the wonderful atmosphere of New York, Ondine (a friend of Woronov and friends of Warholite) gave a great performance in a small role and Monique Van Vooren was exotic as Max's ex-wife in the cartoon sub plot. This plot, even though it looks funny But it seems that it belongs to all other movies However, I did not complain because this film was smooth, even though it changed gears and was a much more interesting story that erotic erotic junk is now cast out. <br /> <br /> Trivia: Cookies Sugar was originally rated X (soft-core) and launched by General Film Corporation in 1973. I am proud of one original poster - lucky me! In 1977, the film was cut for RM and was released again by the Troma Team, who now presented it without uncut on the video tape. Mary Woronov was the wife of Theodore Gershuny at that time and reported That was uneasy in showing lesbian scenes, lesbian graphics and him sneaking behind the camera She can still be seen in his previous two productions, Kemek (1970) and Silent Night, Bloody Night (1972).
