My current Simon Heffer, a current Cambridge writer and journalist, has presented the theory that as an English film maker in the eighties, often criticizing what they call "Thatcher's Britain", Ealing comedies Britain's Attlee ", United Kingdom, which occurred after the Labor victory in the 1945 general election. This theory should not be intended to be used to speak. "Heart, Heart and Crown" (which is, if there is anything, sarcastic in the upper layers of Edward) or "Ladykillers" or "Lavender Hill Masses", both of which May have some words But not political However, it can be applied to most movies in the series, especially "Passport to Pimlico". <br /> <br /> Pimlico is, or at least in the forties, a high-level work area of London is located at the North Bank of the Thames, about a mile from Victoria Station. It is not accurate to say as often as this film about Pimlico, the "independent declaration" of the United Kingdom. What happened is that the ancient charter appeared to prove that in the fifteenth century the area was dubbed by Edward IV to the Duchy of Burgundy. Which means technically Pimlico is an independent state and for almost five hundred years, regardless of the wishes of residents The government promised to pass a special Act of Parliament to resolve irregularities. But until the Act was granted, the rest of the area outside of the Kingdom and English law was not enforced. <br /> <br /> Because Pimlico is not a matter of English law, the owners of local pubs have Free to open every hour that he chooses, and local shop owners can sell their stuff, please let anyone who they please, not limited by ration law. When other traders began moving into the area to sell their products in the streets, British officials were shocked by what they saw as legal black markets and sealed the area to try to force. "Burgundians" while people in Pimlico change their names to give up. <br /> <br /> Many Aink comedies have the main idea of ​​a small man coming into the system as a person. Occurring in "Man in a white suit" or "The Lavender Hill Mob" or part of a large community that occurs in "Whiskey Galore" or "The Titfield Thunderbolt". The main topic of "Passport" is the story of ordinary men and women. The government service and regulations set by the government, which seem to be an increasingly important feature of life in the United Kingdom in the forties. The specific goal of this film is the rationing system. During the war, this system was accepted by most people as a sacrifice needed to fight Nazism. But it became more political conflict when the government tried to keep it in peace It was an important factor in the unpopular growth of Attlee's administration, which was elected in a majority in 1945, and organizations such as the British Maids Group were set up to campaign for rationing. I cannot agree with the examiner, stating that the main goal of the movie's satire is "spivs" (black market). The satire has a very strong goal that the government officials have shown that they have ideas. "Rules for the benefit of the rule" or the desire to pass the buck and avoid any actions. <br /> <br /> I wonder if this movie will be created today, it will have a broken end. Unlike Pimlico, which remains independent as the English version of Monaco or San Marino. (In fact, I suspect that this concept may be used as the basis for TV drama rather than movies.) In 1949, four years after the end of the war, the filmmakers were patriotic with stress and identity in England, so the film ended with Pimlico absorbed into England. One of the best known characters from this film is "We are always British and we are always in English and because we are English people that we will adhere to the right to be Burgundy." There is a clear distinction between the attitude of the minded staff. The goodness, common sense, patience and good humor of Cockneys of Pimlico, all of which are presented as unique to England, are quintessentially <br /> <br /> Most actions Occurs during the dry season and sweltering heat waves. But in the final scene after Pimlico came back to England again, the temperature dropped and the rain started to fall. Global warming may change things a little, but for many years being an Englishman is capable of believing any statistic that is contrary to that England has an unusually wet climate. The ability to create jokes about climate is equally important. <br /> <br /> There is a good performance from Stanley Holloway as Arthur Pemberton, a grocer and A small local politician who became Prime Minister of Pimlico, an amusing pendant from Margaret Rutherford as a professor of mad history. However, in this principle, it is enough for a small community-related movie that draws together. Examples of performances that do not show real celebrities. But with everyone participating in great movies It lacks the intention and madness of the satirical movie recently. But intelligence and satire are not as effective as they should be It is still one of the most fun satires in the bureaucracy ever had, and except for "Kind Hearts and Coronets" is my personal favorite in Ealing's comedies. 10/10
