It is true that Danny Steinmann's "The Unseen" is a simple horror movie with a very predictable storyline, without any twists or surprises, and has all the ancient ideas brought to the decade. It's a bad movie. In contrast, my friends and I were pleasantly surprised by this vague thing. However, the violence of the 80s was very small, most of which benefited from the brutal and superb casting. Jennifer Fast, a beautiful and ambitious journalist and her two attractive friends, travels to a small California town to film an anniversary documentary. But their hotel forgot to register the reservation In search of shelters, the three men ran into the museum, a friendly curator. But beyond doubt, Ernest Keller invited the girls to stay at the outback mansion. One by one, in the experience of the girl Keller and his sister, who surrendered and surrendered, hid the dark secrets and murders in their home. Fear and cheap. Finally, from the horror movie "Psycho" and "The Texas Massaw Massacre", the story is a collection of familiar themes that are famous and imitate without ending because of the movie. Used this as a family secret distorted in the basement, voyeur, murderer descent mania and the treatment of chickens to eat. Even so, I don't think these things will be negative words, because "The Unseen" is a thriller that does not create resentment and insecurity, which was never intended to be the biggest horror film of the decade. Although the plot of the plot is quite clear, the director Steinmann is trying to save the mystery by keeping evil in the house. "Invisible" like the name of the contract The selection of actors and performances is something that elevates this sleeper to a moderate level. Sydney Lasik has been immortal since his role as a Charly Cheswick psychiatric patient with great anxiety in the "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" is an ideal choice for Ernest's role. Keller His permanent friendliness and the appearance of the wrong nature are what the characters want. Stephen Fern, who eventually changed from something that was not seen as something that made him a great performer as "Junior". He looked and acted like a disabled person and his efforts to Getting closer to Jennifer in the basement is a real shock. "The Unseen" is a slow and predictable movie. But still has the potential in the early 80s to attract fans of exploitation in the 70s and strange things in general
