Get this movie if at all possible. You will find really good work by Barbara Bach, a beautiful movie of an eerie old house and unexpected performance? "Unseen things" I took a used copy of this movie because I was interested in seeing Bach more, which I just watched in "The Spy Who Loved Me". I love the beautiful, classic actors and admire them. Even more if they can show a little bit. So: We start with good fresh evidence. Bach, a TV reporter, went out to find a girlfriend and closed the festival in Seoul, which is a celebration of Swedish ancestors by organizing a large folk festival. She brought a photographer who is her sister and another colleague (Karen Lamm, late as the sister of Bach and if you know who is the celebrity that each woman is married, it's too funny to watch. Bach (Mrs. Ringo Star) and Lam (Mrs. Dennis Wilson), a street with a sister controversy)) Anyway, Bach, who is not satisfied with Bach's follow-up to Solvang because He didn't argue with her. There are still many feelings between them. But she doesn't want to watch him tear himself anymore about his football career Women came to Solvang to be assigned to their stations just to find their reservations being given to others. (May be a fan of Bach because he thinks where he is). The gals ask around but there is no place to go. Trying to enter the old hotel which now serves as a museum only, they get the attention of Mr. Keller (Sidney Lassick late), who decides to be a gentleman and stay at his home, insisting that his wife He will Happy to receive them! The next thing we know is that Keller is calling to his wife, whispering to warn her that the company is about to come and threaten her to play better. Problems in heaven! Women are eager to settle and return to Solvang to take pictures and interview the Swedes. But a woman feels bad Bach and Lamm left her behind, wondering about herself about Mrs. Keller (played by Lelia Goldoni, who was highly acclaimed) who seemed to just lose her best friend. Under the weather, Vicki dropped her clothes and went into a good hot tub without knowing that Keller jumped into her room to check the keyhole. She heard him think he had sent linen and thanked her. Lassik worked very well in this scene, showing Tom's anguish, obese old people who didn't look long enough. After he left, the poor Vicki fell into bed to take a nap. But was quickly pulled out (in a scary and scary action scene) by the great things that jumped through the sieve on the ground of the unseen! Lamm goes home. (Bach ended the argument with her) and didn't find anyone in the house. She knocked the fruit plate in the kitchen and in the hands and knees to keep her hair and fashion scarf swinging above the black floor grate ?? Attract the mystery again! At the time when the poor Lamm took her to the kitchen, we returned to Keller's past and told the whole story about what was sick and cruel when his passion and why his wife smiled. Much Eventually, Bak returned home and wanted to know where her friends were. At the same time, Lassik was praised by the afternoon murder by the crying wife and decided that he could not let Bach leave the place to reveal the secrets of his house. He tempted her into the basement where the final action of the Keller family tragedy was finally open to all of us. <br /> <br /> I can't say enough for Stephen Furst, which I never had. See before; Obviously he did his homework for this role, studying the ways of communication and the expression of damaged brains. Bach and Goldoni each had a variety, just giving the shadow of the movie. Not only that But the movie ends with a satisfactory resolution There are no cheap tricks, dialog boxes, swirling balls or poor angles ... it's a real treat for your collection.
