Dolph Lundgren is back! The detention is considered the first film of the Dolphs in almost 2 years and that is based on the delayed Hidden Agenda. This film is still a development for Dolph in his cheap trilogy, including Jill Rips, Agent Red and However, this movie is lower than the standard of the Hidden Agenda, which is better in almost all respects. What this movie has in this film is a favorite from Dolph's previous departure is wonderful fun. The film also has dolphins that come back to life again in high-performance roles and it's good to see dolphins making their own stunts again. <br /> <br /> This movie is about funny A former soldier is a teacher and on the last day of teaching while attending a detention center, he runs into the Slovakian bad guys who take him to school to use as a drug deal. This film has no originality. But in this type of movie, you must have fun with all the ancient ideas. If you are too serious, the audience will feel a little fun. Fortunately, the filmmakers didn't really get serious about this, including the action scenes that you can think of and predictable. The film has a touch of fun. <br /> <br /> Down is missed by Use a fairly good budget. The budget of about 10 million has not been used yet. Everything is on the screen with many killings and big explosions, but many games lack imagination. Open operation is fine. But after that, a good time will be more sparse. Have some good times You have interesting cars through the school corridors and a good starting point with a lot of destruction. The rest of the shootouts are quite mechanical. But there are many on screen. <br /> <br /> For actors The hidden agenda showing the best dolphins working together for many generations There is a good standard for DTV movie actors. However, this has a problem. Most actors are bad. Bad people are terrible. But the bad guy leads to vitality because Alex Karsis plays great and doesn't have any threats that you can laugh at. The teenager of this work is very good. But they play ancient characters They all hate each other's authority, and everyone has a bad attitude and, of course, at the end they learn important life lessons. But generally they are appropriate and especially Chris Collins This movie is about Dolph, while the film isn't as close to him as possible. It is also a turning point in his career. He is now in good condition and will have a better shape in his next film, Direct Action Dolph. Enthusiastic. Here, he makes all his own stunts and it is good to see him play. Is a typical action actor (Running from an explosion in slow-mo, one liners and handling large weapons) Again, witty and less imaginative than cliched movies like Army Of One. It is good to see the dolphins look powerful. His movies in the last 8 years have made Dolph more weary and use twice as much. (He still struggles on his own) but the new, slim-looking dolphin. <br /> <br /> Overall, this can only be seen for cheese and Dolph in Prime Action Man mode. At one place But it has an unbelievable charm **
