This is an action movie that provides great entertainment. In my opinion, there are cool characters, lots of action and great performances from Dolph Lundgren. However, Alex Karzis is scary like a villain! The story is very good and I find that the kids are the most favorite, plus Dolph Lundgren is amazing in this story! The action scenes are great and almost like Die Hard except in school! Plus Kata Dobó looks dangerous and sexy as a close friend! The ending is very exciting and it also has a great emotional moment! Anyway, I just want it to have another villain, because Alex Caris didn't cut it. It's way too insidious. OTT and laughing for my taste. This is probably higher than 4.1 in my opinion, because I think it's a great action movie, and while kids are very stupid, sometimes they have quite a lot of knowledge when this movie goes. ! ! The ending was fun and Corey Xavier's character was my favorite student! This is an action movie that provides great entertainment. In my opinion, there are cool characters, lots of action and great performances from Lundgren !, but Alex Karzis is terrible as a villain. That direction is great! Sidney J. Furie works very well here with excellent cameras, great angles and makes this film very fast! With little blood and violence We received a lot of bloody gunshot wounds, knives on the side of the head, shooting arrows, blood, clashes and other little things. The performance was great! Dolph Lundgren is great and amazing. Here he is very fond of kicking ass that normally has excellent chemical properties with children. There are great characters, very charming, and he may not be angry. He still enjoys watching a lot! He is one of my favorite actors! (Lundgren's Law !!!!!) Alex Caris is a great god as a villain. He is an OTT that laughs, is boring and harmless. He also annoyed me. Kata Dobó is very sexy compared to kicking a corner and doing well with what you have to do. She is a real villain in my opinion! Corey Xavier is a funny person like Mick. He is my favorite student and I started warming up with him in the second half. I like him a lot! He has good chemical qualities with Dolov with Dov Tiefenbach (Willy), Chris Collins (Hogie), Mpho Koaho (Jay Tee), Danielle Hampton (Alicia), Nicole Dicker (Charlee). Baxter is very cute and good as a fiancé. The rest of the actors do well. Overall I highly recommend this place! *** 1/2 of 5
