Jeopardy is a stressful and satisfying thriller cut above B, but not really important production. It has similar properties to experimental movies, as well as studios that produce it. Metro looks for new stars and directors to compete with new television media. Director John Sturges is a good player and has the best year to wait. In front He has just started directing A-level movies and has proven himself to be the most talented craftsman. Stars Barbara Stanwyck, Barry Sullivan and Ralph Meeker are in a very different period in their careers. The honor of Stanie behind her Even so, she was still able to carry the film as she proved it. Barry Sullivan, as her husband, was one of the ten leaders who started the movie in the forties that had not been successful at many. Expected for him He is a good low performer. But in the middle instead of the elite, which gives him excellent professionalism When the prisoner was convicted of being the only person who could save Sullivan's life (He was stuck under the harbor and the currents were rising) Ralph has a more powerful force. This great actor is unlucky to have a movie after Brando and Clift. He is also a good actor. But he has no charm His negotiation with Stanwyck, which came down to his sexual desire in exchange for saving her husband's life (Implied only in 1953) makes it an interesting place, which is a different type of movie Of interesting questions about the character of Stanwyck Meeker is an exciting character more than Sullivan; And in her scene with him, Stanwyck is more lively than her husband and her son. But since this is a formula picture, not a play, Strindberg, the possibility that Stanwyck might want to escape without leaving questions about the situation of her husband - not yet explored. In this sense, the incoming tide may not have one of the effects that may be needed. But the movie is still very tense and fun due to the excellent performances, shooting almost all the good places outside the Sturges building.
