I would recommend this movie! And of course I will recommend to my friends and family here and abroad! It's an exciting expectation. I just ordered in advance online. I really enjoyed it! It hasn't been released until February / March 2008, but it's worth the wait! But first, look in the cinema if you can. Nothing like Cinema-Experience Of movies created from cinemas! Confirm that the cinema in your area is put in! I went to see 'Seachd, The Inaccessible Pinacle' tonight here in London and was very impressed. It's a miracle: a truly beautiful movie set in the Scottish Highlands: You will laugh. You will cry. You will be moved in different ways. You will be amazed. And when the story is right Reveal you will Surprised by the revelation, <br /> <br /> This film is in the Scottish language with English subtitles. But don't let that cause you to lose interest if you are not a Gaelic speaker: I just started And many people tonight didn't destroy it in any way! The highest level is not enough! The shooting was great - no CGI is here and this movie is better for that - here you have real photos! The script is proficient and thoroughly written. A multi-layered plot weave the magical art of ancient storytellers. Sometimes music is provocative, sometimes haunted. But often add atmosphere, atmosphere and performances? ... Is it to see ... and actors? ... They are the true weavers of the film that are delightful. But deeply, especially the two main actors 'Padruig-the-young' and 'Padruig-the-elder' (the true poet if ever!) That both carry a heavy burden! And directions? Watch out for Richard too! And the manufacturer is responsible for raising funds, hiring key personnel and arranging for a distributor? Very good job! I hope you will make sure to distribute to our community abroad! And the Gaelic community? Uh, if without you, it won't happen! We were told that this movie was made at a low price. But you don't know it and I think it might be because for what they may lack of money, they do it with the richness of the heart. And the warmth and cooperation of the local Scottish Gaelic community. <br /> <br /> Sincere thanks to everyone involved in the creation and support of 'Seachd' - Mòran taing! (Thank you very much!) From the Gaels to the World! From the world to the Gaels!
