To include this documentary in the next few words is impossible Every fiber in your body says that this does not happen from editing the images that turn on the light quickly to the last shot of the cleanup at Ground Zero, but every frame is real. This was caused by two French brothers living in New York. Jules (28) and Gideon (31) Naudet (pronounced "Nau-day") wanted to make a documentary about firefighters in New York City, beginning with "newbie". From the academy and followed him throughout the nine-month full-time trial - a fledged firefighter searching for help from their close friends, actor James Hanlon (36), actor and firefighter at Station 1, Engine 7, Naudets passing through "Probies" And at the Institute for Tony Benetakos to focus on a number of documentary <br /> <br /> Tony became a joke slowly and learn about life outside of the family members that this intimacy. Firefighters have superstitions about "Probies". It is that they may be "White Clouds" or "Black Clouds". This means that every fire will eventually follow "Probie". The former means that the firefighting activity is minimal. Much later But one day there will be a mother of all lights. Tony is "White Cloud". After the pain begins, Tony falls into the fire as if he were an experienced vet. Then the unpredictable idea happened .... <br /> <br /> 11 September 2001, starting with a clear blue sky and having an early morning call to see if there is a gas leak not far away. From Wall Street because Jules had a little camera experience. Gideon then sent a camera to his brother and told him to ride with the head of T. K. Firfer arrives at about 8:42. Firefighters begin to use their gas detectors more than sieve. Then the sudden roar of what appeared to be a low flying plane would tear the scene and when Joule went up, we saw the first attack of the day. American Airlines Flight 11 crashed into the North Tower of the 1st World Trade. The firefighter ordered his men into the fire truck and they headed to the World Trade Center. Upon arriving there, Jules asked the chief to join the tower. The firmer says that Naudet is attached to him. Once inside, the impact of the increasing disaster began to appear on the face of the man whose sole purpose is to save lives. <br /> <br /> Gideon Naudet decided Exit the fire station and walk down to the clash area. He captured the impact of the second plane, United Airlines Flight 175, with 2 World Trade. He knew that Jules was with the fir leader in the tower. Watching and capturing the crowd's reaction to the unexpected things, Gideon began to capture the growing fear in Lower Manhattan. Within one Jules tower, save the final view of the world, or your loved ones will have a son, father, uncle, uncle, grandparents, husbands, boyfriends, friends, one by one. To help the wounded and trapped Jules also saw the chief Pfeiffer glimpse the final to have his brother Kevin while he went out to sacrifice. What is captured in the video is the loud noises of the object falling down the pedestrian from the victim, choosing to jump up from the high above the impact zone, which is faster than the face of death by the hands of flames and smoke But Jules showed respect. He never had an exciting time anymore ... the money that could be shot. His work is a professional through a fire experiment. He also caught sight of the debris falling from the second tower after it was shot by the second plane and the way that firefighters evacuated civilians from the building. Then Jules was caught in the collapse of the South Tower and the first victim arrested: Father Michael Judd, a hospital for the fire department. Then, when Jules and the fir-fir chief traveled from the collapse of one of the two towers, beginning the collapse of the structure, <br /> <br /> What results are a breathtaking view from within the Ground Zero? Because Jules and Gideon worked separately to produce documents that day. Do not know whether the couple is alive or not. Each person is afraid of the worst. When each firefighter arrived at the fire, they greeted each other with a happy hug that made it back. And in a moment of overwhelming feelings, Jules and Gideon reunite When Jules sang on his shoulder, his brother, Gideon, embraced his brother when Hanlon made this movie. There was a terrifying moment when Tony Benetagos, who had left the station with the former chief, believed that he had disappeared ... but returned to halfway. "Probie" proved himself. <br /> < br /> Showing only three interruptions, 9/11 is a great success in creating a documentary. It was there, along with a picture of Hindenburg, to show the history when it spread out. Naudets had to be praised for managing the agile matters. In the hand that is less than likely to go towards Naudets but emotional feelings, their eyes go to dignity and compassion. Lecture by Hanlon, we feel his words when he takes the audience through the September 11th event. Robert De Niro hosts the program In an impolite manner He never looked for a camera for his own glory. But he will put the scene that you are about to see. I also praised CBS for their courage that aired this special program. Being branded due to their efforts in coveted rankings, they correct their emotions towards the emotions of the relatives of the deceased. This is a must see for anyone who wants to be reminded of true courage. It's not about raising a basketball or selling an album of hate songs ... 9/11 about the best humanity. The best courage and the cost of freedom. <br /> <br />
