The remarkable documentary captures the chaos and misery that appeared over NYC on the morning of September 11, possibly the greatest documentary ever made by accident, which is even more fascinating. Until that morning, the filmmakers Gideon and Jules Naudet followed the firefighter team in New York, focusing on recruiting once in a little piece of work they had filmed with rigorous training to become a master. fire hydrant In the morning, the team filmed another clean routine. Jules lifted his camera in the sky in time to save one of the only known images of the first plane that entered the World Trade Center and from there a simple documentary. <br /> <br /> The audience will receive a first-hand account of what it wants to be in and around the ground center. It's an amazing group of firefighters and photographers. The guards led them to this disaster Naudet followed the heroes of these applications automatically, without hesitation, while it supported by all around them. Fear that does not know the cause of the punishment that does not actually know will lurk with more life. Therefore, any character's production may be perceived as we see less and more, becoming sound and visible for Those trapped inside Almost memorable is the brother of Gideon, who captures the entire city in a crowd that is more fearful and noticeable than anything they see together. When it was time for us to see the tower collapsed a second time, when the cameraman defended himself from the ruins, we should all wash away the dirt from the pictures taken closely. <br /> <br /> Obviously, The filmmakers deserve as much credit as being in the right place at the right time to record extraordinary events, even if anyone can appreciate the two siblings in adapting to the event. In a few minutes of desperation, we saw that they became like firemen that they made documents - only saving lives. They knew they had to record a video, even if they lost their own safety. > <br /> After watching 9/11 and seeing that it came out in 2002, I was not happy with the latest translation of Oliver Stone, a large World Trade Center with limited budgets. Many people criticized the film. To reduce the focus of the two survivors trapped in the ruins and even though I enjoy this movie But not as good as Hollywood focuses on small matters. Not only that, the image that will be fully watched will remain a clear collection from that day. But transferring the inspiration to the new level ensures that the film has both heart and character that doesn't need to be excited anymore.
