The ultimate in fluid entertainment, along with outstanding actors, starring characters and adherence in the 1950s. At that time, RKO became a dozen classic noirs. But regardless of the value of these shadows, it will reflect the mood of the war soon to make way for the great Pope of the Eisenhower era. Some movies in the late 1940s are far from the Noir cycle or adapted to the upcoming consumer decade than this little comedian, Jim Blanching (Cary Grant). Working as an ad man. In the words of a young daughter - he sells products to people they don't want at a price they can't afford He made good money. But like thousands of others, he was tired of being in a "cave" in a cramped city. So with Myrnah Loy's wife, they come into their dream home amid the rural forests of Connecticutt. Needing to speak in the arms of nature, they get more than they negotiate and in hilarious fashion. <br /> <br /> hardly any lines in all scripts I do not know that the writer Panama and Frank have an Oscar. But they should have Of course, humor will solve problems that arise when people in the city build a large house in a rural area. These distractions are almost as fast as mortgages, with all kinds of unusual things that show construction and give a difficult time. Of course, there is no one who carries more frustration or frustration than a joke like Grant, so it is only a laughter that is well placed after that, especially when the locked cabinet seems to have a bad heart. Nonetheless, this movie does not seem to have a funny high point. Instead of laughing away, so expertly that they don't get the highest point at any point. That is the true victory of movies of all ages. <br /> <br /> When we go back 60 years later, we will see that the script's ideas are more advanced than just behind. With their housewives, Blanding may not be a typical American family. But post-war immigration from the narrow city to the extensive suburbs is normal. And what is the work that is directed for the upcoming consumer rather than Blandings as "advertising people" who have been assigned to look for ways to sell more "ham". However, more than anything else, this movie Still being optimistic Oh, sure that the feeling is sometimes unsettling. But the belief that a better future is on the horizon if Blandings attaches to their dreams. Of course, life will be better for many people in the upcoming period, so I expect that this movie will resonate with the audience each day. It's a short, easy-to-read narration, with full entertainment, making this movie a major comedy in the postwar era. <br /> <br /> So if you don't see it, catch it next time.
