Many years after the Second World War saw that Americans had evacuated their apartments to the suburbs where they could fulfill their dream of owning their homes, directed by HC Potter and Written jointly by Norman Panama and Melvin Frank ("White Christmas"), a lightweight comedian. But surprisingly, in 1948, received a lot of attention. Of course, it helps to have three professional actors ?? Cary Grant, Myrna Loy and acerbic, especially Melvyn Douglas? Heading for the trial with their natural fondness that contradicts the growing disappointment of being a homeowner Although this movie is now sixty years old But there is a timeless quality for the dreams of Blandings and the obstacles they face in achieving their goals Clearly, Hollywood thinks that because it was rearranged at least twice - for the first time as a comedian, Tom Hanks, who has a very dramatic character, "The Money Pit" in 1986 And again last year See the HGTV programming schedule to show you that the situation here is still resonating today. <br /> <br /> The plot begins with a male ad Jim Blandings, his wife Muriel. And their two daughters Manhattan apartment Instead of following Muriel's idea of ​​renovating the apartment for $ 7,000, Jim saw a Connecticut home image in a magazine and realized that this was where they wanted to move. With the help of an opportunistic real estate agent and not following the advice of lawyers and family friends, Bill Cole, Blandings decided to buy a house that doesn't need repairs. However, the foundation has deteriorated so much that the house must be destroyed in favor of the new home. This sparked Blandings pushing the architect to design the house too much, until the second floor was twice as large as the first house. Increased costs with new complications, each mood, flames and even the romantic triangles that fantasy among Jim Muriel and Bill. In the end, the importance of distinguishing itself But not before having a humorous comedy scene and intelligent dialogue that refines the unhappy ignorance of the new home owner. <br /> <br /> By spending his two times and delivering the calls at Impeccable This type of joke and Jim Blandings is a clear example of the character in his middle career. The original role for Irene Dunne Myrna Loy shows why she is the perfect wife of Hollywood. She didn't get many funny roles. But she blends a special blend of harmony and serenity together to make Muriel an attractive character by herself. Watch her masterful showdown at the house of a painter who is overly satisfied with her strange color palette. Bill - Smoking pipe ("Cole ?? Bill Cole "), Melvin Douglas, demonstrating the nature of his élan as simple as Grant's foil. The small role is full of expertise by the famous Harry Shannon, Mr. Tesander, Lurene Tuttle as an assistant to the disgusting Mary of Jim and Louise Beavers as Blandings 2004's cute maiden Gussie. Presenting interesting ancient content, including two radio movies - the first film in 1949. The edition ended with a pair of Grant and Dunne, then the second generation of the 1950s to have sex with his wife Betsy Drake. He is the ideal comic in 1949, is "The House of Tomorrow" which includes a tour of the comic dream home in the future. The original movie trailer for Grant's ten classic movies complements.
