The Keko mask of Tomo Akiyama (1993) of Japan is a fun junk movie and looks very fun! There are also some sequels. But I haven't seen them because these movies are very rare. Sometimes the release of some days is good because I think many trash lovers like these movies. The tongue in the cheek is about one of the most rigorous schools in which teachers think that torture students in order to have discipline which is the most important thing in education. The school is led by an incredibly funny look. (Just looking at the set!) The human wizard / whatever is like the headmaster in the school and it adds to the camp that it never explains why he wears such a costume since all. The teacher wears normal clothes perfectly. The important thing about this film is the name Keko Mask, which is a beautiful fairy and wearing a mask that has been used to save the lives of girls and students who have been attacked and tortured by teachers! Yes, this superhero is a powerful woman as she kicks and fights against the evil teacher, along with the soundtrack that is completely played. The most important thing is, of course, that she does not wear anything except the Cape and the mask that does not have other parts of her body! Her identity was never revealed in these movies and the credit said "Keko Mask: Unknown" while the cast list was on the show. <br /> <br /> The most hilarious thing in the movie. This is how Keko Mask kills her enemies. She has a beautiful vagina. But can die! Yes you read correctly She kills her victim by flying forward, spreading her legs and letting the enemy become enchanting in view after she flies closer and pulls their necks with her legs! The most common last line that the characters say in this movie is like: "I've never seen a beautiful vagina" and "Now I can die peacefully." The film is great !! <br /> < br /> In addition, there is a good flattery for Japanese society, such as attitude towards sex in movies. (Japanese sensors have a view that fog / blur pubic hair in any movie) and about some limitations among school students. (For example, girls and boys are not allowed to talk in this movie, etc.) There is a wonderful scene in which a fool sees a naked woman. What do you know for the first time and say that "Hey, there is no fog in it!" I can't help laughing during this scene because I think the Japanese camera thinks about this. One character ultimately said that he would return if the Japanese movie allowed to create a sequel. I'm glad it was allowed because I heard that the sequel was equally outrageous. One sequel should include Blues Brothers (Yes, THOSE Blues Brothers!) In that, etc. <br /> <br /> This is the most fun, fun, and smartest trash, so it's a little shameful for movies. These are rare. This will be a much bigger experience if it moves faster sometimes, since it's a little boring at one point, but fortunately, those parts are very small. This film must be fully believed because there are many trash elements that I didn't mention here and it was not necessary to tell them all here. If you like trash in cinemas and movies made with tongue-in-cheek, I think you will love the little gem that I made and the director is absolutely genius in this field! 8/10 Perhaps the only movie that the vagina shines is life-threatening.
