I borrowed this movie despite having a very low rating because I want to see how the crew can make the world exist. Actually, they didn't - at least it seemed. The appearance of the pendant is somewhat clumsy in the movie - that's what most viewers think. However, the surprise came to an end and, unfortunately, when most viewers stopped this movie I was surprised when I saw that the Brazilian-Portuguese title in this film means "Travel to Death" This is a spoiler. <br /> <br /> This movie is about a lonely girl on this boat. (For completely unclear reasons) You understand only in the last 5 minutes. When you start the movie with the English name "Haunted Boat" in your head, you clearly think that the appearance of a strange figure is "ghost", but in reality this movie is not like other horror movies. Told from a writer's perspective, a writer who can differentiate between reality at different levels at all times. It tells from the perspective of a young girl We didn't see you alone. But together with the four friends because she saw them We didn't see that she was alone. Therefore, the parallel world is not a pendant image that flashes in the image stream. But it's the main story! We have at least two parallel worlds: the world in which girls are and the world in which four friends are The invasion of the third world is probably a young man with medical skills that came for a short time on the boat. <br /> <br /> I can't get rid of the deep confidence in this film. "Cheat" thousands of spectators by letting them believe that what they do is a second year film student who is created with haste. "Choose" the deceitful actor who met a lot in the night before starting Do Left after at least twelve beers How can we be mistaken! But in addition to this great surprise that we only learned at the last minute The girl was rescued by the crew in a helicopter and another ship. When she recovered from the shock, she came back to visit the port where she boarded the ship again with four friends. And have them again! They waved to her from the boat that had left the land. She jumped into the water, arrived at the boat - and they would go out. Amazingly beautiful It reminds me of the rhetoromance of a writer's poem: When I woke up, I saw death standing in my bed, but I closed my eyes when I opened them again - he had gone.
