It may be a slight mistake in opening reviews by explaining movies in terms of other movies. But I think it is the best way to estimate the place where the election takes place. It works somewhere between The Godfather and Kinji Fukasaku of the Yakuza Opus. The Yakuza Papers (AKA fighting without honor and humanity) are both romance and realism, darkness and courage. But it is Johnny's movie, and hence it has a different touch from Hong Kong's director. <br /> <br /> Every two years, HK Triad recruited a new boss. Only this time, one candidate was dissatisfied with the results of the competition, so he decided to manage himself so much that the rest of the Triads and the police were disappointed. That is a short story but can be sure that there will be more. Like in The Yakuza Papers, there is a lot of planning, stabbing and forming and changing loyalty. (Sometimes it's just a phone call - in one of the most memorable scenes I've seen in the past) that may not necessarily be done for deep drama. But doing so for an interesting plot and a conflict of good characters, fans of the gangster genre tend to appreciate it Elections do not focus on actions as they should. Although it is severe And I'm not talking about the violent and glamorous Hollywood style This is dark and scary. The camera reflects the light in the scene of the people who act in ways that reveal both humanity and the inhumanity of the perpetrators and victims. After all violence is an important part of us, whether we like it or not. <br /> <br /> If you are familiar with the style of To, you should know what to expect. The rhythm is rather slow and carefully considered. Filming is excellent, slippery and dark at the same level, using dark shades (brown, dark green and orange), while smooth tracking increases bright quality. In the end, the election in a strange area It is not a true character education and not an action-packed gangster movie. It explores the situation. (Elections and consequences) but done in a style and true and romantic. (The three presenters, especially in the echo of the Oriental Oriental godfather)
