Could not deny that Hak Se Wui (the election in English) is a well-made movie and has good ideas This film uses a lot of clever identity throughout playing with modernity. But still adhering to tradition? The theme that was played throughout the film in which Hong Kong's John Woo's films contain action stories and explosive content, as seen in Hard Boiled (1992) and when Hong Kong's films are settled in The rhythm of storytelling from In their view, sometimes they can stutter and become impeccable. A good example is City on Fire (1987). <br /> <br /> Elections are memorable movies for scenes that are not. May be predictable Spontaneous actions and violence that occur in a realistic and tasteful manner (If it's the right word) as well as creating a 'small piece' movie that is clever is difficult to notice during viewing But the election was created in a three-act structure: there are first issues related to real elections and whoever gets the vote will be voted as well? Not everyone who likes to make decisions But what Uncles said is that the second action is to pull the ancient baton from China, which requires a tradition during the third and subsequent positions of some positions and characters. Come up with your own ideas about how the triads should and can work. Needless to say; Some events and twists occur in each of the three-thirds, some of which are small and insignificant, while some are bigger and exciting. <br /> <br /> Elections have errors. Something Trying to kill the time in the election, which takes only a few minutes to complete, is a difficult task for writers and filmmakers and shows in many points. I feel that some scenes just started somewhere. Before the police were interrupted and everyone was arrested This happened a few times: fighting in the restaurant. But the police were there and everyone was arrested There was a secret meeting about blackjack during the Triads, but the police appeared and everyone was arrested. Other triads were talking before the election. But the police appear and guess what? You know, <br /> <br /> When that movie came out of the groove, I thought it would be a sacred blackjack as a plot device for everyone to move. Blackjack lays some good fighting scenes, such as chasing a truck after being late, chasing again, dealing with motorcycles and fighting kung fu with melee weapons in the streets? The scene is unpredictable, rational and violent. But as I said, they were in a 'tasteful' manner. In the event that the election turned out to be good attention to detail, when the triads were in prison, the bars were covered with wire, saying that they were all animals in the cage. Because that's how they behave outside when in conflict Another interesting thing in detail is the way in which Uncles's toasts use tea and do not drink alcohol. Elevate yourself above the other gangsters who use champagne (The Long Good Friday) and also refer to Chinese tea drinking traditions. To celebrate or commemorate br / <br /> Elections are good movies that are well-structured enough to enjoy and movies with amazing scenes when you see what happens. Some indoor settings and clothing, including the style tank that is poured into the search and chase of the batons become more intense. The debut is like another short film and can be combined with this movie very well. Hinting at the Chinese tradition in the process I feel that the best scene is the final scene that it concludes perfectly: two characters, fishing and arguing the rule of the Triads while remaining realistic, realistic, unpredictable and violent: in a way that is definitely tasteful.
