Twelve years ago, the production ceased when dab "Hot Blooded" because almost everyone in the set began to die. Now, two film students decided to finish the film, despite the fact that there were rumors that the movie was cursed. They are going to find that some curses are true. <br /> <br /> When Scream is released, every country seems to need money for success, even in Australia. The concept that has been made today (slasher movies in slasher movies) is quite cool and original. This movie was released before Urban Legends: Final Cut and Scream 3 (not in America But in Australia), so it feels like the first movie with this concept. When Urban Legends 2 was released, most of us were fed up with the idea and because the film wasn't as good. The movie failed now. Cut is not the best way to flick and not try at all. It knew that it was a fraud and that they were still actresses that looked like Neve Campbell in the starring role. But instead of trying to add some new and original twists, they decided to tear off 80 flicks like "Nightmare on Elm Street" as well and surprisingly enough. A very creepy killer and a mask that is just a killer! And instead of trying to frighten the audience, they created a good and creepy atmosphere that led us to wonder through most movies. There are a few points of penetration in the movie, although I can't ignore all. The ending is the biggest plot hole in the movie. Front spoiler; I mean, they burned copies of a single movie so they found out where they were performing in the final scene. I can't tell at all The end of the spoiler In conclusion, cutting is an idiot that is creepy and silly. But I think this is one of the better scream that never made it big. I'm surprised that this has never been a sequel. But I think it comes out too late. <br /> <br /> Australia's slasher is anxiously flicking with a little fear. The cut is still a slasher movie that is complete and I have to introduce this film, although I think this story is quite stupid because it is completely ridiculous.
