When I thought of the most miserable genre movies, the first thing I thought was the 80s slasher movie. Really bad slasher. Measure Formulaic movies that every chapter needs is 2 parts of blood and many nude pictures to create. <br /> <br /> At the end of the 90s / early '00s, the slasher's flick was revived with the success of "Scream" in 1996, just like in the 1980s. Lack of strength The deal surprised by labeling themselves as. "Hip, hip, tongue in cheek" of traditional slap From the latest blend of "The parody of the" hip-mimicry "Neo-Slash. The only measure worth looking at is" Cut "with a limited budget directly to the video." <br /> <br /> Flickering " Cut "relied on the production of a flick in this case, the movie" Blooded Blooded "in 1985 to wear the" Hot Blood "role. Never finished production because someone killed by wearing the mask of the bald Scarman movie In which his mouth was sewn closed and dark Learn more now, 12 years later, a film student at the faculty are involved in the production decided to tap into the underground actress who survived the original movie ended. But every time the movie is screened or the scene is shot, "Scarman" comes back and there are dead people. If you want to refer to the slogan, will they finish the movie before the movie ends? <br /> <br /> All of this sounds terrible and to a certain extent (actually has something like this? No character development ("new director" was revealed as the daughter of the original director of "Hot Blooded", whose life was destroyed after production was canceled, which is the perfect detail for work. The plot, but it never talks again), and as with any other slow slap, there are too many bodies to be interested in. The actors were not excellent, even according to the standard straight to the video. But most have fun with their characters (And for those who do not, it is a show of unintended characters, because there are no characters in the movie that want to work "Hot Blooded"), especially those who are lucky enough to play the cut "Scarman Climax" There is nothing big "at Dunn" to expose the killer as in the movie "Scream". There is no mechanical killing of the movie "Urban Legend". What it has is the original and interesting concept that is also diluted. "This way, we can write the sequel if it's selling well." The ending, but that's a story that needs to be learned. <br /> <br /> Follow a reasonable viewing standard. This is a scary movie that should be avoided. This quality "is what makes it true in the roots of the slasher genre, and this is what makes it more fun than other fast-paced neo-slasher slaps.
