Like all Angelopoulos movies, "Stork's Suspended Steps" implicitly requires close and close participation in the audience, a fact that has limited his work. Being limited, without accumulating or exchanging outside conflicts, doubts or inner feelings of the characters The producer likes to keep the audience away from his own emotional responses and instead of forcing them to explore and study the identity of the characters themselves. For this reason, the performance is clear and implicit, as opposed to clear and clear. <br /> <br /> The action scenes are defined during a long period of time in which the audience is asked to be participant The actor is detailed by his or her mind. In the novel, the drama is placed on the author's full writing, so the template that the reader's imagination and / or past experiences flourished. The drama of Angelopoulos rests in his image: the use of long shock. take a long time The pace of the conversation that has become his trademark invites the audience to experience the movie from his or her personal perspective. Angelopoulos uses silence to capture moments of high intensity, back to a non-language. The words of gestures, voice and music when he believed that the words can take us a long way. <br /> <br /> The song by the long-time collaborator of Angelopoulos Eleni Karaindrou. The background is prudent. But became an important element of the story The majority of this film consists of taking pictures outside with delicate colors recorded in the cold winter light. Angelopoulos presents us with "Greece, the other", one that is different from Greece's travel brochures as well. The ethereal blue sky and the emerald sea drowned in eternal sunlight. Here the sky is covered with gray. The cold and misty and sandy beaches of the pristine beaches have been replaced by the dirty snow trampling of Angelopoulos Village. 'Genius through Arvanitis' is displayed throughout the film. <br /> < br /> "Stork's Suspended Procedure" above all is a political statement aimed at the socio-political situation in the Balkans at the end. Of the twentieth century It is deeply related to the meaning of "border" and to those who are victims of international confusion in the "waiting room" facing the Albanian border. Refugees, politics or others are expelled by remaining humanity waiting. They may stick to the political border. Unfortunately, they still carry with them and hang on the deep ancestral frontier: language, language of customs and of ethnicity. Although the political views of Angelopoulos are well known But this film also presents a clear political discourse about the causes of the fate of refugees. In this process, Angelopoulos forced us to meditate on the concept of "border" in geography, culture, politics and personal. <br /> <br /> Angelopoulos considered himself to be a historian of the twentieth century Greece and he likes to take lessons. From Greek myths in his discussions In this film, he has a cross border between Greek and Italian cultures drawn from a mixture of Homer and Dantesque traditions of Odyssey's journey. Alexander is the Telemagus in finding stories about the younger Greek politician / Odysseus who disappeared without being heard again. This man was an unexpected and unexpected great speaker and did not explain the convenience of the existence of the middle class, his wife and his wonderful career in staying anonymously in the refugee camp. Lowest threat He became an exile poet who wondered how to change the world. Of course, "politicians" were not Alexander's father, but "politicians" stood in front of Alexander, like his father / Odyssey. Like Homer Telemarkus, Alexander grew up like a man during his time in bad conditions. <br /> <br /> Sure, watching this movie is a telling. Tell of Odyssey's In the contemporary context, Angelopoulos portrayed Odysseus' journey only to structure and specific elements for his film at the end of Angelopoulos. "Odysseus" was like Dante's Odysseus: he didn't travel to Ithaca but still Will continue "Hold the suitcase" and Alexander / Telemagus was "stopped" during his journey home and career, or began a journey to "somewhere else" to speak voice-overs in the episode. At the beginning of the movie, a few lines of transcription from Dante's "Inferno": "And do not forget that the time for traveling back again, the wind blowing your eyes away." <br /> <br /> Finally, even Angelopoulos are not religious people. But there are Greek Orthodox religious topics presented in this film in the form of a suitable yellow line director who goes around to improve things for humans, connect communication and the body of politicians Being like Christ In the final scene, these yellow men show the influence of Byzantine once again in the work of Angelopoulos. They look like "stylites", religious figures found in traditional traditions, lonely and eager people who come to live on top. The pillars in the form of asceticism <br /> <br /> The movie ends without a resolution. According to the true character of the character played by Mastroianni Angelopoulos, does not give us any clue and the wife's statement. "It's not him" is far from convincing and not clear enough. The important question of this film is not whether he is or is not a lost politician. But he is a politician But this film still ends with a optimistic view While the wires are tangled from one pole to the other, running along the river only, so communication across the border is still impossible and it cannot pass. We know that this last scene was taken from the point of view. Across the river: The camera has crossed the boundary and the trace image is inviting Alexander and the audience to follow beyond the limits of this account. Angelopoulos gives us hope that eventually some borders. At the break
