One of the more enjoyable aspects of Asian movies (Or actually anything that is made outside of the United States that is more sacred than these) is a permutation that occurs For example, in Japanese comics after the Second World War (comics) will find a variety of stories that do not really end. Most of them manage in a unique way. The same thing happened in the creation of the film as well. Although again, I mean movies made outside of the US $ (which we just "are complex" with in our hearts to appreciate things that are not related to or by us). For example, American companies will not return again. But is a film series that has a professional wrestler wearing a mask (El Santo) or a werewolf (Paul Naschy) or a martial artist in real life (Bruce Lee) ...? For television: Forget it. While I still love the KUNG FU series that starred David Carradine at the end, I often felt that the American martial arts in the American way was a way to make it lack of favor. To this day, there is no pay-per-view channel that will have Asian martial arts artists playing Asian martial arts artists in Asia. (There are many softcore porn movies wearing masks as entertainment items. But, as it is called, the action channel has not yet imported or produced a real martial arts television program) before Brother Cadfile investigates the murders that BBC is at least one thing. Kung Fu movies that focus on groups Of martial arts more or less involved in the mystery of murder: The 5 DEEMLY VENOMS, in terms of its own fascination as well as the type of investigation Other (Western, police, show, etc.) Masterpieces of this martial arts stand out as truly superior works. Now available from the Dragon Dynasty and the prints are beautiful and the DVD commentary by Bey Logan is a genre that is genuinely intelligent and thoughtfully analyzing these gems. If you are a martial arts movie fan, rejoice: one of the greatest movie genres of all time (Especially the martial arts movies of the 1970s and 1980s) get a second life that is long overdue on DVD
