In the late forties, the era of horror movies ended as the movie was moving in a different direction, funny and otherwise. Hollywood will be in a difficult time. Which movie wonders would it be possible if the television didn't come in or the arrival of the scene was delayed five or ten years? Mr. Blandingsbury built his dream home, offering the only way to create comedy comedy. <br /> <br /> Advertise Jim Blanching with his wife and two daughters. In a house that is too narrow When one day he received a bright idea that it might be fun to realize his dream of building a house in the suburbs. So he bought some property in Connecticut and built it for his precise specifications almost if he knew he was having problems because he might change his mind. Then again, he may not have you decide. In this weak place there is a great film work full of conflicts between the middle-class dreams of owning their own homes and unwanted reality. That happens frequently in acquiring Nothing in this life is as easy as Mr. Blandings learns. But we do not need to be happy because things are not normal That is, after all, long term But Blandings asks himself every few minutes. How long <br /> <br /> This movie is a delight. I don't think it's a masterpiece in tradition. Capra-McCarey But is their thirtieth successor and may be the source of things if the arrival of the television does not change the cultural landscape severely. There is a real warmth in the image and a true agreement (WC ) Fieldsian The truth that is difficult to crush periodically but not as much as to leave bad taste. Every person in the movie is smart and good. But the decision of the middle class, professional, not the noble working class. <br /> <br /> Players bring Cary Grant and Myrna Loy to play Mr. and Mrs. Blandings for perfection; While Melvin Douglas is a legal friend who often has unwanted topics such as working in the real world. There is also a great feeling of what is needed. A better word may be called suburban love, which is in its infancy during the postwar years, as soon as the forest and streams draw people into. The first country. These people are the absolute fish in Connecticut in the countryside. In the next few years things will change, while the madness in the city will be filled with gear, destroying the innocence of many innocent monks who wished in a small town that will soon connect. With the highway strewn with bottles and cans Living creatures in this city
