"In the world of school-age kung fu movies that have taken pictures of revenge for dozens of times, it takes a lot of time for films to stand out - and moreover, to make it a favorite of fans over the years. Chang Cheh's best films still have an influence over the Hong Kong film industry from themes of loyalty, brotherhood and revenge, as surveyed by John Woo (who started in the Hong Kong film industry working for Chang) during the prosperity of Bloodshed between In the late 1980s, more modern movies, such as A Man Called Hero, a character in the costume inspired by this film, also led to other aspects, such as music from Wu-Tang Clan, television commercials. For Sprite and video games such as "Mortal Kombat", so what makes this movie so special, the plot - on the surface - quite easily. It deals with members of the rogue group known as "Poison Clan". Searching For hidden treasures by their sifu, all members of the klan have extraordinary kung fu abilities represented by their animal form or "poison" (lizards can climb walls, scorpions have violent attacks, etc.) Distorted is because the group always wears a mask, not everyone knows who it is. So the plot is easy to become a thriller thriller. We do not talk about official suspects here. But above all, many other kung fu movies. At that time, assuming that Golden Harvest was not happy with Chang's script - like most of their movies, they felt it was too dark and violent - and they wanted him to increase the relief. Chest of cartoons in a wide range Fortunately, the elephant was attached to his gun and remained with his original script, regarded as one of the best films of that era. If never ending an almost perfect curve and giving the spine. The perfect action scene. <br /> <br /> But the thing that makes the movie hard is Venom. Chang Cheh enters the magic formula with the actors. But he will receive a talented martial artist (Which is a movement of competition without the help of wires or other special techniques, making the most modern martial arts artists The formula was so popular that elephants often had at least one poison in his movie later. Back to the hand story in school movies, most actors seem to play cardboard cutouts. But here the actors create real characters It seems that everyone has a favorite poison. (My is Philip Vork - well known for many things like Mad Dog from Hard-Boiled - like Lizard) and it's a personal connection with the characters at The Five Deadly Venoms. True of the genre Although you are not usually a fan of old school movies, you have to check out The Five Deadly Venoms if there is no other thing to see where modern movies are inspired. "
