From all kung fu movies created in the 70s and 80s, it is a movie that has truly evolved. Except for all movies that Bruce Lee starred in, the film is a film that has been tested over time and is a unique story. The old kung fu teacher told the last student Yang Tieh (Sheng Chiang) about the five students he had trained in the past. The five men wear masks and no one sees each other and they are trained differently. Their specialties in Kung Fu are the names that they accept, such as Lizard, Snake, Centipede, Toad and Scorpion. The teacher calls them Poison Clan and he doesn't know what happened to them, so he wants Tieh to discover them. And help those who do good to stop other evil people The old man who was once a member of Poison Clan had a map in which he hid a lot of money and it seemed that he was the target. Tieh didn't know how they looked, so he had to go to society and think about who he was. Found that the snake is Hung Wen Tung (Pai Wei) and along with Tang Sen Kue (Feng Lu), which is the centipede they killed the family to search for the map The map was found by a mysterious man who became a scorpion. But know who knows who he is Local police named Ho Yung Sin (Philip Kwok) investigating the murder, along with his partner, Ma Chow (Chien Sun). Sin had a friend named Li Ho (Minglo) who is a toad and they know each other's identity. The snake bribed the local authorities to freeze Li Ho's murder and while he was in prison he was tortured and murdered. When Xin knew that he collaborated with De, then they went to fight Tung and K. <br /> <br /> The film is directed by Cheh Chang and he is a special director when it comes to these movies. Chang is not Director of Kung Fu, director and his films are always of exceptional quality. While most martial arts movies involve revenge, Chang doesn't use that as the main theme. Even if revenge occurs later in this story, the film is more complicated than that. Five men trained by the same teacher in different ways and wearing masks Then they are all in the same area and don't know who it is. A unique story makes this film different from other stories and most Chang stories are in the class by themselves. I will not put it in the same league as "Enter The Dragon" because Bruce Lee is an icon around the world and the martial arts he shows are more realistic. This film still has some unimaginable songs, such as clinging to the side walls and everything through the air. But this movie doesn't have to be about fighting scenes. It's more about the intrigue of the story and the characters involved. This makes it different from other kung fu movies. All done very well with unique stories.
