This is one of the best kung fu movies ever, and probably one of the best movies ever ... It has a great plot that acts like a puzzle puzzle with a liking. Attracted and many doubts This film is full of cat and mouse games and deception by people hiding their identity and appearance. The characters in this movie are alive and breathe more than your average kung fu movie character. They are interesting and interesting, and the film serves well in the scene to show personality and desire. <br /> <br /> The fight scenes look like little stories and many scenes are new. And exciting It has an excellent training sequence and excellent martial arts skills. They enter the realm of fantasy. The poison family has a total of 5 members, each with their own style that mimics the special skills of poisonous animals. Each character's style is fun, and you can see the techniques used in the training used in the movie ... When this happens, the director uses the cutting back to the training scene quickly to draw parallel lines. These cuts come with musical changes and sound effects and all that works well. <br /> <br /> One thing about this very original film is the way it is. Treats to death. Director Chang Cheh is clearly worried that this film does not cause a slight death. Making some scenes in the movie more effective. We are really interested when people are killed in this movie. This is because the camera reflects the horror of death, even when the villain is killed. Some of the scenes in this movie are truly heartburn. When the character goes to search for revenge, you will feel truly angry and hurt. <br /> <br /> At the same time, this is a fun movie. It has everything you would expect from a traditional kung fu movie. There is a bad polish, the characters are willing to fight at the hat. Some hilarious sound effects and sometimes the character's behavior is unbelievably unrealistic ... all this adds to the greatness of the movie. <br /> <br /> And don't forget that this director As a picture The stylist has more talent than most of his models. If you watch this movie closely, you will notice that the technical prowess that appears is a reliable thing. Everything went quickly. (Because of the fast cutting style and fast camera movement of the type) that is easy to overlook the beauty of the movie The light and the elements are beautiful all the time. The operation and movement of the camera is extremely complex with interesting quick editing ... in the scene that shows the suspicion and interest. Imagine that Hitchcock moves at double speed. Chang Cheh is Artisans and artists who truly know his type and can produce important materials while working within the boundaries He didn't shake the boat of the Kung Fu movie. But in a profound way, his skills absorb every scene and every shot and they greatly increase the quality of the work. He is an important filmmaker who still has a lot of influence on people. <br /> <br /> This is the real movie of Kung Fu that gives all levels. It's art. It's junk. It's moving emotionally. And it's fun. It has a true sense of morality. But do not allow morality to get in the way of good deeds I advise everyone whether you are a fan of this type or not.
