When it came out for the first time, this work by the Meysels brothers was very criticized and even decided to use it. Fortunately, it is now regarded as a masterpiece of a documentary film, especially now that the society is exposed to the true exploitation of reality TV and the evolution is not good. Of the most direct cinema We must say that this is not a movie theater that can really be directed. The difference between the two is very small. But mostly the fact that in this documentary we were made to feel the presence of the Meysels brothers and they interact with the characters that were filmed. This also makes it clear that there is no exploitation. Meysels are allowed in the house and they are included in very unusual situations of very unusual households, and both Edith and Edie just like the idea to be taken. <br /> <br /> It would be very disappointing to be able to show only the voice from the words of God and the interviews that are shallow. Here we get the full picture of the madness of the house, the madness that seems to go down well with both Edie and her mother Edith. Their house is a mess, litter and all colors of animals and furniture throughout the house. And the ongoing struggle with the constant interaction of reality These two people lived together all their lives and didn't fight in front of the camera because they needed attention. But instead because they can't help each other They are well known to hide their inner feelings, not necessarily. In the end, though they blame each other for their lives, they love each other deeply. Edie said that she didn't want her mother to die because she loved her so much and Edith said she didn't want Edie to leave her because she didn't want to be alone. <br /> <br /> But aspects The most interesting of this movie is regardless of their age, two women can't help. They can't help one of the other singers. Show all the artistic skills in front of the camera When Edie asked David Mayz for rhetoric "Where are you all my life?" She was so happy that she was finally able to show the world to herself and her great acting skills. Images that are important to the stylistic and beautiful that should not be seen again, as Meysels and others can do.
