"Cypher" is a clever story about industrial espionage in America in the near future. While the subject is not complicated, this film offers many different perspectives on personal loyalty, ruthlessness and organization collusion. To a certain extent, this film also tries to represent modern organizations and companies, ignoring the risks that their contract employees make on their behalf. <br /> <br /> The movie begins with a moderate salary. Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam), used by the Digicorp group to work as a spy After the initial briefing with the security chief of Digicorp, Sullivan will receive a new identity. (Jack Thursday) and sent to a business meeting with a duty to record the spokesman's speech related to the marketing strategy of each company. Upon completion of the first mission assignment, Sullivan / Thursday will be sent. Also additional missions to receive the same type of information previously collected However, in one of His "business trip", he accidentally ran into a woman named Rita Foster (Liu), whom he had met in his previous assignment. The result of a brutal conspiracy involving Digicorp's espionage program began to appear and Sullivan was forced to cover up in one of Digicorp's major competitors> (( The spoiler ends here)) <br /> <br /> The thing that I like most about this movie is the use of light and shadow effectively in many scenes. The use of fresh light in settings Mostly in the country / household While using a lot of shadows and dark colors for settings related to deception and concealment I was very impressed with Jeremy Northam. I didn't see him often in the leading role and the fact that he played a married man who didn't care directly from Wisconsin was great. Personally, I think he is one of the actors in the industry that doesn't get a more challenging role. Lucy Liu is also incredibly part of her and makes the tone of the cloak and dagger true. In addition, the rest of the actors did a great job. However, my only complaint was that some characters were able to explore more so that planning and closing were a little more complicated. For example, I would love to see what will happen if Jack Prath has developed a close relationship with "His second wife" Overall, this is the story of a clever cloak and dagger that helps you guess the end of personal loyalty and professionalism, and whether anyone in the movie. This story will be reliable. With a smart and stylish soundtrack and excellent camera functionality, this film gives a frightening picture of how companies will operate in the near future. I was surprised that I never watched. "This hidden gem" comes first. This is a wonderful spy thriller and not too complicated, so I gave 9 out of 10.
