Cypher is a smart, powerful and creepy movie. Its good evidence is well presented and the content is delivered in an effective manner. But still in the type that needs Even if someone can immediately film in science fiction But still a little more It has a clear science fiction style. But the movie is more like a sensation / detective than other things that really add to the story. <br /> <br /> The overall movie plays like a nightmare. Therefore creating and maintaining a good atmosphere We are not sure what has happened. We are not sure why something really happened and we are not sure. In some people, it's like having a dream? Ambiguity dominates all of us ?? Including heroes and I have never seen this being pulled out like this in a movie before the Brazilian bar Terry Gilliam With the agility as mentioned earlier, Cypher presents himself with elements of horror as well as detective, noisy fiction and science fiction that gives the impression that there is something in it for everyone and that it combines various elements Together It is also a secret service that gives the feeling of a movie that helps the detective side of the story. The mystery surrounding almost everyone is disturbing, and I find the fact that the character of Rita Foster (Liu), which should be similar to a bad woman, can be seen as a threat to everything. Happened around the hero: The person who looks like a friend is not true. The person who says that they are helping is active and who seems harmless enough to be more dangerous than they look. Although there are many things that go around, but twisting the plot many times and following the instructions that make them look like the world will end if they don't do it. One of the most dangerous things is the connection or connection with the character of Lucy Liu? And she tried to help (!). This film confirms that both sides are fighting against the espionage war, scouting and keeping their employees and opponents. Everything looks like a cold-small war; Something that resembles the United States and the United States in the war of the era of their words, and it comes through in the cold black screen that is often CGI littered. <br /> <br /> What is interesting and impressive is the insertion of some American state travel images that resemble microchip computers as if our hero flew and returned from the destination he specified? Significantly, he then followed his own motivation and Foster, in this order, would disappear because he had broken from the life of computer controlled repetition and control in which he was ordered to live and Separated <br /> <br /> Cyhper is consistent in content and has all the elements of a good movie. Saying that it is similar to Jason Bourne's first film, which is in the sci-fi category only, it doesn't reduce enough. But you can see similarities Although both of them will be released in the same year As I said earlier, there is a feeling like there is something in this movie for everyone, and if you can look through the disappointing end that a few people have successfully predicted, you will find yourself enjoying. With this movie
