In fact, it was a good thing that Sean Connery retired as James Bond because I was sure that he would not be able to keep up with the current spy business without the fast cars being replaced by advanced brainwashing techniques. There is less sexy than advanced computer devices. "Cypher" is a creative sci-fi thriller that often provokes a feeling of fear and fear that is scary, even if not fully credible. You know the trend of this type of film: nothing is possible and when you think of a complex plot, the author must be sure to insert a new thread that makes everyone confused again. Events in "Cypher" are expected to occur. In the most prominent region of the computer world, giant companies do not do much, in addition to trying to steal each other's thunder. To millions of people and give them a new identity to allow them to penetrate into the spy in their biggest rival, Sunways Corporation. On the other hand, Sunways tries to expose Digisoft mice and recruit them. He again as a spy twice During all non-profit businesses, Morgan Sullivan stands; Thirty people who seem to have no color chosen by Sebastian Brooks (über-spy) to follow the secret policies of both companies. Trust me. Actually, it's less complicated than the voice and director Vincenzo Natali (friend From "Tube") spend his time carefully in introducing less important and important characters In the first half of this film is somewhat reminiscent of the tragic "second" jewel of John Frankenheimer? Starring Rock Hudson ?? It also involves a lot of deletion of identity and changing your past lifestyle. Even the set of pieces seemed to come straight out of the 60s movie, with an empty white room and an eerie walkway that seemed to be endless. There are also great actions and doubts, especially when Morgan has clearly experienced the Digisoft team examining the results of brainwashing techniques during boring meetings. The middle part of the movie dragged a bit, because you already know that it is just creating a plan that has been missed many times, and I hope to get a slightly more terrifying future. Jeremy Northam is completely selected. And Lucy Liu, the cute, mysterious, trustworthy as a fox woman who seems to be on his side The director's choice, David Hewlett, has the most memorable supporting role in the strange position of engineer Virgil C. Dunn. Suways "Cypher" has been well designed and adrenaline adrenaline glands for entertainment. Sci- Fi is highly recommended for those who want to use the brain's ability from time to time.
