This is an excellent low-cost sci-fi movie from the director Vincenzo Natali. This movie plays like Phillip K Dick with Hitchcock and Cronenberg and this film gives a unique feeling that you never saw before. This film has done a great job. I like this movie. It feels fresh and original. The plot of the wise explores themes that are similar to movies, such as Total Recall, Dark City and the Matrix, and the main attraction of Sci-fi Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam) is a boredom of life He and decided to work as a company spy for Digicorp, a large technology company. He met the recruitment staff at first, which brought Sullivan to the plane and ordered him to do what he had to do. Basically, it involves a meeting of a competitor company and records via a satellite transmitter disguised as a pen It also means that he must wear a different role and keep it secret from his wife. After his first job became a strange thing, his habits changed, his personality became different and he had neck and head pain as well as nightmares. He met a beautiful woman named Rita Foster. (Played by Lucy Liu, an interesting actor) he immediately attracted However, when he went to work and met her again, she revealed that he was a representative of some type that revealed that his work was not what it looked like. He later discovered that he and others who attended all the meetings worked for Digicorp. The entire meeting was comprehensive, so the company men brainwashed their spies. Sullivan, whose other name is Jack Thursdayby, received an antidote to the drug-supplied Digicorps, and while the rest of the spy at the last meeting floated to what seems to be a dream on the day of his death. While the speaker emits Suddenly, the fire in the room goes off and the Digicorp workers will shine in everyone's eyes to make sure they don't feel awkward and in a bad situation they bring. Head set for each member Messages in the brain and brainwashing to believe that they are others Digicorp is using these people as puppets and creating personality and life for these people while wiping their own existence. Now, Sullivan must pretend that he is totally convinced that he is now Jack Digicorp. Want to steal information from their competitors. Samways and want to make their own puppets. Now they can control what these spies are. Effectively, except Sullivan, when Samways took over Sullivan and found that he was not really brainwashed. They decided to use him as a pledge to spy. Digicorp made Sullivan into They know that Digicorp has sent Thursday to work in Samways and find a way to manage the system until he can enter the situation to download important company information that can close the company. Samways realizes that he has been cultivated. And decide that they will play along with Digicorp and allow Thursday to infiltrate the database But they will give Digicorp discs which will destroy their systems The plot began to twist and turn as both companies were using Sullivan's premiums. He is stuck in the middle and Rita Foster is a mystery as he tries to find out why she saved him. When a mysterious third person is involved, the person will be revealed that Foster works for Sullivan to decide whether to go to this independent agent, which can guarantee that he will have a new life and safety. Or stuck with one company, all the tension created for an amazing climax as if everyone wanted to get rid of him when his benefits were embarrassedThe great Northam actor is excellent and the subtlety of his performance is excellent. He brought a wonderful aspect to his eyes, telling the story and we saw a very subtle change when his character changed from Sullivan to Thursday. Lucy Liu is more sexy than her beliefs and appearances, making the movie very powerful because it seems to have a strange selection of actors but actually works. The rest of the actors are also good. <br /> <br /> Director Natali, whose previous movie is the classic Sci-Fi Cube flick, has a real flair for sight. He did a great film as well and made it look good. For movies with a low budget, it has visual effects and imaginative effects, although CGI is not great. But never start from the center too much to cause negative effects on the movie This film brings the feelings of The Matrix and other sci-fi movies to them. The plot is almost too complicated sometimes. But in the truth that helped in this movie, that is what influenced Cronenberg and Lynch clearly, this movie keeps you constantly working on what's going on and truly surprising. This is an obvious classic cult, and I can see that this is incredibly popular when published in the state **** 1/2 <br /> <br />
