This is from a comic book, right? Video game, drawing by 3 years old? <br /> <br /> There's nothing in this movie to be serious. Not a character, not a dialog, not a plot, not an act, nothing So stupid, sometimes it is almost hilarious and others, even the file names that the villains use are dumb ("Tango-Tango") movies that entertain through Good action and snowy scenes. Oh, right: and unintended humor. <br /> <br /> This movie debuted with a bad and unbelievable gay parody. Truly between our lucky and happy characters who clearly have "swollen" time, then the part that fails to help sweat, helps everyone who has high fear problems to pull me. come out And then we had a bad conversation and then there was a great action This is the rhythm of a short film. <br /> <br /> Stallone's fascinating exchange with Turner. When they meet for a long time, there is soap. So, very old and terrible. Self-respecting viewers Shortly after writing this great dialogue, we are witnessing a beautiful and wonderful plane hijack. All actions are a great nonsense. But it was fun without reason Although the rest of the action is exciting and fun. But the plane scene is the highlight of the movie After landing, our main criminals will ask for advice and end up with Stallone and Rooker. They send Stallone to find the first money. In any way, they do everything to make it as hard as possible for him to reach it. They removed most of his clothes. (So ​​he can freeze) and they will not give the equipment that he wants (In order for him to be able to fall) can these GANGSTERS need their money received? Very stupid, apparently they do not believe Stallone. But of course they know that they can blackmail him at any time by using Rooker as a hostage. However, our gangsters make Stallone's climb difficult. If at least there is no logical reason, then at least show us that they are really evil - in order not to doubt. And for those who still suspect that those villains are evil, they do too much, boast and laugh in a truly evil manner Everyone is confident or bad. You should be better. Otherwise, the author must execute twenty children to ensure that the evil of the bad person is clear for everyone. <br /> <br /> The old man who flies the helicopter. How did he fall into the trap? First, he had to be warned by the MTV station chief about criminals and secondly he had to hear Stallone's voice and the player's voice on the walkie-talkie. A group of insane verbal exchanges occurred by Lithgow having an incredible honor of receiving the majority of the silly strings. "Come down to my back!" Lithgow: "I haven't started climbing on your back" or Lithgow arrives at Stallone: ​​"We have an agreement. But now we are together! "And for Lithgow's assassin group: These guys don't seem to want to kill immediately. They are very creative about this. They create a philosophy that pretends they're playing football with your body and so on. <br /> <br /> Stallone wrote this story together. I do not know what drugs he has when he does. I hate to think that this script is bad because it's a low question.
