The film has four criminals trapped in a prison that wants to escape from the cell, hoping that the black magic mystery book written by former prisoners around the year 1920, named Danvers, wants to use spells to make his skin youthful. <br /> Carrère's criminal (shortcut) business strategy (shortcuts) made him jailed with three football players. .. Markus transsexual Those who ate rice, he touched (.. and in prison to eat his six-month-old sister) and obeyed his orders as if "he" was his mother and an academic Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach) who didn't read. Or eat breakfast (the latter who killed his wife at that time of the day). The following movie Carrère, as he read from the book, tried to understand its meaning, hoping to find a way out of his prison. Carrère loved his children and while believing that his wife would take him out before bailing When she betrayed him, Darren began to slowly become angry with hatred and wanted to see his beloved son. Carrère's most difficult critic is Marcus, who wishes to be a woman fully while still folding many male traits, such as exercising and leaking. He spoke firmly and used his muscles as a fearful tactic, although in the depths he was a world of weakness. Pâquerette is completely under the control of Marcus and behaves like a dog to its master .. even the shocking scenes that Pâquerette gives milk from Marcus! Lassalle is a mysterious puzzle that opens to allow us to understand the hidden motives. His slowly and what is in his terrible brain It is clear that there is intelligence and the holding of possible secrets from others. Lassalle is the one who keeps motivation in following the secrets of the next book. Soon, those who do not threaten this book will seek to escape the "real", not so much from the four walls of the cell. But the cells that imprison their true desires After some murders, this book was thrown out of the room with a very interesting character coming into the movie with a video camera as if he was a new owner .. who is this person and he understands the power Of how this book What better way to use? The constant in this film is that each prisoner will always see the time to look out the window to the far world. <br /> <br /> I'm glad I had the opportunity to watch this movie. It plays like "Monkey's Paw". The characters get what they want. But must find the price There is a story about the movie, a terrible moment of graphic violence. But in my opinion, this is the first and most important story that drives the story. Blood is the result of what this book released. One of the groups received his limbs twisted while floating in the air while the horrific open action showed the remaining murder from the awakening of a man's desire. We saw the fate of Danver at the end, with an amazing special effect sequence about a baby that is melting Lassalle's fate into a sequence of special effects. I would say that Maléfique, through the great direction of Eric Valette, made me always interested and for being a lonely movie (.. About 95% of the film happened in a strange place, prison cell) seems to have never dragged. I guess this is a testament to interesting actors and interesting characters, not to mention interesting stories using supernatural things to propel them.
