If you are one of those who know happiness, such as the name of the mystery, such as 'Book of Death', 'Book of Eibon' or 'Necronomicon'. You should feel at home with Malefique. One that has the power to change the fate of everyone involved Discovered by four French prisoners who shared a horrific object prison, placed at the wall by Danvers, a serial killer who was imprisoned in 1920. The man was obsessed with revival and black art before he disappeared. The sudden finders of this book are Carrère (Gérald Laroche), the embezzler company that his wife, Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach), who aspires to be a woman. But at the same time, the body created a plan to escape half the Pâquerette (Dimitri Rataud), which once ate his sister and Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), a librarian who was mad, had read cranky, which killed his wife. Remind viewers of the equally strange Meat Loaf, bosomy male in Fight Club (1999), Lassalle started when a prominent member of the Quartet, who was especially protected from the newborn Pâquerette. With the arrival of this book and the need for comprehensive decoding of dangerous content, Marcus is becoming increasingly important at first, ensuring that he will be bailed ahead of time while Carrère takes more time. Interested in academic events Suddenly he needed an urgent escape option, and while Denver's prisoner trial began to reveal some horrifying power ... <br /> <br /> Most scenes in the room Imprisoned and between four Or five characters. Malefique has an uncomfortable climate suitable for the topic. (Including the limited budget of the creator) only at the beginning and then we will get out of the scope of the cell which is the only open channel that will emphasize the closing of the business elsewhere. More than anything, this is a movie about being imprisoned, whether it's a victim of a crime in your past or from a mysterious event, "I will escape," Garrett said at the beginning of the film, hoping to What's more, to join his wife and son again No matter what he is doing, it will have a terrible price and the big friction of the film is the best form of 'escape'. It may not be something that a man might imagine. <br /> <br /> With everything, budget constraints are extremely important for credit. Film director Eric Valette is the first time that his film was as successful as it did. As critics have observed, it is Freudian's extravagant movie - the distinctive mammal of Lassalle and adult breasts such as The image of a living vagina and eye development Mature people who dissolve back into the fetus; Denver's original placenta; The dark room as a traditional womb is waiting for 'delivery', etc. With many interesting aspects in the script, Vallette is almost distorted and he succeeds in creating a truly unstable atmosphere from what has happened. It is just a matter of four people, four beds, one folding table, and one book. There is a genuine Lovecraftian frisson that grows steadily while men call the darkness that has no name coming out of the page while one or two minutes. - The flashing vagina mentioned above or what happened to the Pâquerette - in the end, the pace of the dark events in Malefique is pondering by refusing to cut quickly. The track of the film's Hollywood lot: how cultural videos often subversive terrifying sight. Perhaps this is the nature of Europe, especially when recalling the shocking hallucinations in movies such as Verhoeven's The Fourth Man (1983), which is a film with particularly nasty images by expansive eyes. <br /> The lens in 1.85: 1, Malefique has benefited from a great performance, and at least the conclusion cannot be explained as it used to be. The journey to the final shot is worth it soon after. The launch of Haute Tension has been well received (eg: Switchblade Romance, 2003) This is one of the reasons I appreciate the horror that happened again in France. The only worthwhile product comes from Asia.
