Maléfique is a very interesting movie. It is a pure alloy of victory and failure. The main idea is excellent. There are three inmates who have a strange personality. Join one of the four. (Which the audience identified as well) and they tried to escape from the cell using the magic books found inside the walls. <br /> <br /> The atmosphere that weaves makes me think of reading about entry. Edmond Dantes prison in Château d'If (before becoming the Count of Monte Cristo), the director creates the feeling that the character is tied to the cell, especially the character that we intend to identify with (Carrère - White collar criminals that are not identified crime But it was suggested, indirectly, might be a hoax). On one occasion, when Carrère exited the cell for exercise, and the cell door closed him; We never leave the cell. In addition, there is no picture of the prison outside the cell and the view through the bar is a sunset that stretches across the general prison wall. So even though this movie looks very modern But giving the impression that the ancient world had to be imprisoned. <br /> <br /> The characters are interesting. We have Marcus, who has been changed sex before violence. The player is a mother who insulted Pâquerette. (French for Daisy) A young man with a mental retardation Pâquerette likes to eat everything he finds beautiful and unfortunately, this includes his sister too. So his current situation (I like this comment about La Salle is an elderly person who has been deprived and killed in brutally killing his wife. <br /> <br /> The important message of this film is your desire to destroy you and have a ritual. Related to that matter I think that is the thing that disturbs me the most when I see people destroying themselves in a ritualistic way. It has a real life ring for it. The soundtrack is quite simple, backing up the sound well, every step deep in the suction sand comes with the monotonous ringing of gongs. In fact, I heard the gong and then every time I do something that destroys myself. br /> <br /> I think one of the plot problems is that the end of the character does not reinforce the message in particular. Carrère's concept of this book seems to change throughout the film, not in terms of continuous revelation as well. I think some of the images we see are a little bit of a story, skillfully designed by more than executions, such as the famous "vagina eye" and Lasalle's sodomy. At the end of this movie, it feels like the director is in a hurry and something doesn't seem reasonable. For example, we are taken awkwardly to believe things about Carrère's children. This does not change the fact that what we have here is a rare bird, a "pure" horror movie, with no solid waste or funny classifications such as Cube (1997 / Natali). It's an immersive experience that you feel like being in a room with the characters. This last comment, I made it a "pure" experience. I think that is what others are talking about too, so it's a fairly fair issue. <br /> <br /> In my favorite personal record in This film is when La Salle talks about his past as a librarian. He explained the scene where he went to work clearly one day and sat down in a normal place in a room with all the books arranged in a circle around him. The book seemed to pray to him that he would not have knowledge. This will tell Lasalle to go crazy. That is the problem of being overwhelmed by understanding and knowledge. It's what I feel myself. <br /> <br /> One last comment is two comments that are quite well received on the board, causing the name of the character to be confused. To convince yourself that Lasalle is an older librarian, just click on the Philippe Laudenbach page and you will see that he was born in 1936.
