French horror theaters saw revival in the last few years with great movies such as Inside and Switchblade Romance that burst into the scene. Maléfique brought a little revival. But stand up to the head and shoulders above the name of the most modern horror story, and of course one of France's best horror movies! Clearly, Maléfique was shot at a low budget. But it was created in a way that is more than the originality of the film and this has received great praise from writing and acting to ensure that this movie will be a winner The story focuses on two main concepts; Prison and black magic The main character is a man named Darren being sent to prison for fraud. He is trapped in a cell with three other people, Lassalle, an idiot. Marcus and Daisy, his mentally retarded boyfriend. Soon after, in the cell, they were found hidden in a wall with old journals. After some translations, they realized their magic power and realized that they might be able to use it to penetrate. The prison wall <br /> <br /> Black Magic is a very interesting topic and I am actually quite Surprised that there is not much of this movie because it has a lot of scope for things to do. It is fair to say that Maléfique does the best for the property, even though it is limited, but the film never feels restrained and well managed. Director Eric Valette gives a great atmosphere to the movie. The fact that most of them happen in the central prison room ensures that the movie feels very awkward and this is very useful for the main idea of ​​the prisoners who want to use magic to separate themselves from the cell - it's very easy. To hide behind them! Often, the unknown thing is what makes people afraid, and this film proves that the director is confident that we cannot be sure that things around the corner and this can help ensure That Maléfique Quite scary! This movie is a memorable story for many reasons outside the center; The characters are all interesting in their own way and the fact that their own books are used with their characters is very well done. Everyone is worried that the film will not be delivered at the end, will not be disappointed as well, because the ending is both rational and scary! Overall, Maléfique is a great horror movie and one of the best decades - highly recommended viewing!
