A good horror movie from France is quite rare and it's quite easy to see why! Whenever a talented young film director screened a new movie, he moved to the glorious Hollywood immediately after directing the creation of a great movie with a budget for another classic story! How can France create a strong horror reputation when their genius director leaves the country after a single movie? "Haute Tension" is a great movie and received a ticket for director Alexandre Aja a (one way?) To America to create "The Hills Have Eyes" (which he did very well, I might add). Eric Valette "Maléfique" is a horror-themed movie that he has traveled to Hollywood to direct the "Miss Missed Call" of Takashi Miike. So you have a Frenchman who has Two unlikely talents Will create a movie in their home country for a while. "Maléfique" is a simple cooling device But effective that requires patience due to a slow start But when the plot is properly developed, it will give tension in a good atmosphere and many amazing special effects. This movie took place almost entirely in one place and introduced only four characters. We were in a French cell with four people. The new arrival is a businessman who has been convicted of spending time in fraud, elderly and "smart" prisoners, killing his wife in a brutal manner and then having a crazy imitation and mentally disabled boy. They found an ancient record in their cell walls, which belonged to a sick killer in 1920 who specialized in black magic rituals and supernatural methods to escape. The four inmates begin to prepare their own escape plan using the strange formula of this book, only to realize the mystery is something that you should not interfere with ?? Eric Valette dedicates the ocean of time to the character's drawing. Of the four protagonists, which sometimes result in redundant and boring sub-plans But his reason for this became clear in the horrifying climax when this book became the Wishmaster. "Maléfique" is a black film with a truck carrying a lot of tedious tension and many distorted details about Human behavior before some wealthy American manufacturers decided to remake the four handsome teen actors in the role. The unbelievably hard-core criminals.
