In addition to a few movies and the new Sherlock Holmes movie, I think I watched every movie that Guy Ritchie directed twice. There is no need to say I'm a big fan and Revolver is one of the reasons why I think. This movie is a different way from Ritchie when you watch this movie compared to Lock, Stock ... and Snatch. The pistol is set for us for psychological thrillers while gambling is found. That he himself was at the mercy of the enemy that he had not expected and that he had walked for redemption that he didn't know he wanted In addition to seeing André Benjamin from OutKast, famous for his acting ability, other notable performances are Ray Liotta, who played a crazy role by Mr. D / Macha and Mark Strong who played Sorter. > <br /> After being sent to Jailed by the ruthless casino owner, Macha, Jake spent his time alone to finesse the plans of humiliating Macha and forced his hand to compensate him for seven years that he spent. When he won the card game and accumulated a lot of money from Macha, Jake found himself dying because he had fallen and was diagnosed with an incurable disease that led him to live for three days. However, the shark recovery team has an answer for him and a ticket for life - only when he gives him all the money and is willing to work for them all in a trick that will cause tea to show how dangerous. He makes himself to himself. In addition to having a weaving machine of death and a pair of sharks that had money in the field, one day Jake had to deal with being fired at him, which introduced Sorter-hitter under Macha's employment. The depth of the story comes when Jake realizes that there are some prisoners that he spends in isolation, possibly a shark loan team, to take him to everything he has by defining all the unfortunate events that Jake looks like. Will find his entrance when faced with this truth, Zack (Vincent Pastter) and AV show, Jake just twists him from being alone, with only the company in his heart and his ego, which makes it real even Jake. This film represents the process that Humble both Jake and Macha because they both shake hands with the devil inside. <br /> <br /> The theme of this movie is the best while you feel the crime world. Show and character. It includes Although nodding a lot in Ritchie's previous movies here, there are still appearances from the dialogue, series and experimentation with the gangster genre. It is also a wonderful journey about humility and perception when you can let your ego or pre-defined thoughts mask you. The ability to achieve what you want or overcome your things. should The characters are well-crafted in this film, with all aspects being molded and true for Ritchie's fashion. They are all tied to some secrets that make the wrench in every matter of everyone. I can and want to go about this film and the unique differences. But I don't want to separate myself from it too much if you haven't seen it. <br /> <br /> It may take a while. Glyphs to pass through all the complex layers But it is a great movie and should be watched If you're lucky and you don't see the United States release, see if you can get the original version of the United Kingdom or not, because it will make the conversation a wonderful story among friends. I see it with the team. My early years 2006 and we still talk about it with the little things we choose today. It gathered the status of the cult and it was appropriate to receive when the movie Ritchie steps out of the box and destroys his norm. <br /> <br /> Standout Line: "Fear or pay homage to me. But please think of me Special. We share drugs. We are approving garbage. "
