OK ... This movie has been criticized by critics and forum posters too. (Although playing as a devil's supporter, you can suggest that critics are often people who do not do for themselves as filmmakers. So I want to sit in the corner of Guy with a magic sponge that may reach two people who decide not to watch a movie from the manner in which everyone seems to be insulting. Their combined nose is approved at <br /> <br /> The biggest flaw in this film that is widely supported is the unexpected complexity. This story has been described many times for the film's audience. "Inaccessible" sequences of movies are quite non-linear and the characters are not only But is a storytelling method only But also a device for showing us the delicate bias (Or not very detailed) we give things Ray Liotta's character wielding a gun, saying "Fear me" is a pathetic image that is both pathetic (from Statham's POV) or questioning and courageous (from Liotta's POV). This is just one example of how. Ritchie's older adults bring to create a movie with Revolver. We have a good storyline. (Strong anti-hero weapon But remained silent, being released, but unintentionally pulled into the world of corruption ... I mean, it was drawn by the film noir here here, all the way to the poem of choosing vague words and dubbing But then Guy used this frame of philosophical and complex issues. <br /> <br /> Take the scene that Jason Statham's character ran on the car. This release sequence may be released from the movie and does not make any difference to the story ... But Ritchie is pointing out that the opportunities that arise, such as receiving a phone call, can make a difference between How can life and death> <br /> So the final scene of this movie is quite incredible to believe. I will take p * ss if I say I don't spend the last 20 minutes or more. That ... wtf? "... but that's a boring reason for ignoring any art. It's too easy to dislike anything because you think it's hard to understand. And easier to say "Nobody likes to understand it, so it must be a movie full of truth!" In my humble opinion, Revolver is a complex and mature modern art which should be greeted in the same way. And that we will give the work of the Saatchi brothers If we choose this opportunity to say "Ah sh * t, I want a movie about the burden of thugs with blood flowing" in the loll of thugs ... Guy Ritchie is a nipple! "Then that day will come when filmmakers. Was allowed to do what they expected from superficial people, just because Guy created a name for himself with Romney. Funny, funny, pale, does not mean that he can't be deep without a "fake" joke. g Can think as well
