I recommend the family, if possible, to show this to a child older than something. In this movie, it may interfere with the little boy who manages it. The documentary of the male fox, which at first was protecting his land and finding a mate, begins with the sunrise and the sound of beautiful music. Breathing, you should soak in the scenery as much as you can. Ugly later they gave both foxes and foxes the name But I do not remember what they like of me. He fought this intruding man to win her love. They later created a cave and a fox. Gave birth to four cute children, one of which was blind, had many happy and playful moments with a fox family But unfortunately and unfortunately hit each other soon. The first victim was a blind puppy approaching the peak. And the stream was washed away. The second victim was the mother, while stealing the chicken was deceived by the dead. The chicken hung on the pole, she didn't know how to walk into the foot trap while trying to escape. She tore her feet, causing her to bleed to death. The rest of the fox family was forced to watch her die under the tree. Now, a single father is forced to act as a mother and father. He must teach the skills they need for life only later. It proves inadequate when two grown-up children find an ugly destiny. Their own; Thanks to the negligence and cruelty of man, I will not destroy the surprising ending for you. But it shows that the farmer and his dog are close to his tail and it is a deserved ending after the audience and the fox family Enter. I want to say that I saw this thing when it first came out in the early 1980s when we had something called Showbiz cable. I was only 4 when I saw, but I never understood why they would not allow. me See all. Now I know why after I watched it when it came to Disney when I was 9. I felt very sorry after seeing all the evil that happened. But dark and ugly like It is the purpose for people to know that these and other animals and why they are close to extinction, this documentary wants to get messages about this endangered species and I hope it works. Like Disney's real life movies, they do not teach why animals are extinct, land invasion, killing. Leaving the main victims of foxes and killing these beautiful animals, resulting in them becoming endangered animals. I hope they will make the sequel of this movie (Glacier Fox 2005) to see if they can. Get better practices or not. Is a child of a fox named Teresa and her siblings who grew up. This film reflects what has happened to the human family, sometimes especially when one parent dies immediately. The surviving mother spends both time. The important lesson of life is not enough to protect them when they are adults, especially when some of their lives become ruins or they are the victims of the best tragedy around the soundtrack and music. I've heard
