Now I have read the negative reviews for this item on this website and quite frankly I was shocked. For anyone who thinks that the Sopranos are not television, I am afraid that I do not know how the world will come. What will i tell you I started watching many TV programs, such as Lost, Prison Break, Dexter, Deadwood and Invasion, but all the performances made them lose their feelings after the first season, especially Lost and Prison Break, which I refused to watch because the company used Think 2 geniuses and kill them by doing more than one season. So then we have The Sopranos. I can honestly say that this is the only TV drama I've ever watched that I've been attracted to every season, and more importantly, it's the whole episode. There is no department in which this performance is not great. Performances - nothing great. James Gandolfini is one of my favorite actors and I feel that his performance is amazing at every stage after I hear that HBO Want Ray Liotta to play Tony. I feel it will be a better option But after watching the first few times When I knew that HBO had done a great job in selecting James as Tony. The raw emotion he showed was excellent. Then we have other people, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Lorraine Bracco, Dominic Chianese (which I remember as Johnny Ola in Godfather, Episode 2) and my two favorite characters, Tony Sirico and Steve Van Zandt Paulie 'Walnuts. 'Gualtieri and Silvio Dante. These actors show the best quality and everyone gives a great performance in each episode. If so, then we have stories. I have never been sucked into the program. VV before that story is nothing great. Each episode has an excellent rating and the score of this performance is excellent. I feel that The Sopranos is a program that I can watch again and not be bored. It has everything from hilarious jokes to brutal violence, but it is and will always be the best thing to make TV a favorite, and I challenge everyone to find the real flaws in the list. Just saying that it is too harsh or they feel that Tony's character is immoral. I mean, it's a mafia show. At the end of the day, I don't think the characters will be honest.  หรือภักดีต่อพระเจ้ามาก . ฉันขอร้องให้ทุกคนดูการแสดงนี้เพราะเชื่อฉันคุณจะติดยาเสพติดตั้งแต่ตอนแรกที่ฉันเป็นและฉันมีเพื่อนสองสามคนที่ปฏิเสธที่จะดูการแสดงครั้งแรก Trust me when I say that this program is a paradise compared to the shit that comes on TV after you watch the first season. You will inevitably agree with me when I say again that this program dominated the TV and there is no TV program. Nowadays or the future will advance the magic that is The Sopranos
