Although the "soprano" is still a gift from the megahit "Godfather" and later, which is a drama, and at a certain level, it looks like the mafia "Soprano" takes another nail. Not suitable for the classic gang here that has houses in Lake Tahoe and Stakes in Vegas Casino - these are Gumma, along with the waste management pages that deal with things that Fell from behind the truck, bar without money What the villains in that area are about <br /> <br /> The colorful characters dominate this series, which does not suppress sexual violence and graphics. Tony Soprano (James Gandalfini) is a group leader with a wife and two children living in New Jersey who suffer from panic attacks while he tries to balance his family with the mafia. In order to go to the peak of his attack, he saw a psychiatrist Jennifer Melfi (Lorraine Bracco), who feared him and still attracted him at the same time. Tony's henchmen - Polly, grandson of Christopher, his uncle, Jr. (Chief of the rank in the group), his good friend - is a character full of movies. <br /> <br /> When we learn to pass the series There are enemies not only But from the outside But from within and one of those enemies, including a terrible mother But terrifying of Tony (Nancy Marchand), which makes Junior believe that Tony is dangerous to him. Janice, Tony's sister, is searching for money in the mother's house with headphones and a Geiger temple. Tony has a problem with women and wife (Edalfo) who do a lot because she loves him all the time that is bound to her Catholic religion. "The church frowned upon the divorce," she told a woman who thought separately. "Let the Pope stay with him" is a response. As far as Tony's mistress's problems, his psychiatrist points out that Tony is interested in calling for a woman who has nothing more and asks him if it sounds familiar. Yes, it seems that his mother <br /> <br /> I'm an Italian descent, and yes, I'm bored with the Italian people who have been shown negatively and everyone thinks that every Italian is a gangster. Even so, you can't help but like this performance, which is a reminder of our culture. (Thanksgiving, it points out, not turkey and sweet potato pie - it is antipasto, manicotti, meatballs and escarole, and then the birds!) Not to mention the correct pronunciation of words like melenzana (mullinyan), escarole (scarole). , manicotti (manigot) etc. The only thing that isn't about Tony is that he doesn't have a basement. There are some things that have never been heard before in my family. (Except my parents never had it at all) <br /> <br /> The prominence of this performance was Gandolfini as Falco's brutal gangster, who was excellent as his wife and Bracco as torture. Jennifer But everyone is excellent If you can use violence and language, this is a great show, a picture that adheres to the life of the New Jersey mob.
