Not only the story in "The Sopranos" attracts audiences from all over the world, but I think (at least for me) what makes the audience come back to play a role. (Not Gary can argue about this) James Gandolfini, the leading actor Tony Soprano, became one of the "Hollywood Elites", one of the actors in the television drama. I will not go ahead and compare him with Robert DeNiro or Al Pacino or at least not just that. However, he works as a part of Tony Soprano. In the years since 1999, Gandolfini has grown tremendously as an actor. (Mostly thanks to his role in The Sopranos) that today he is considered to be one of the best in the business. And it's not just him "Soprano" is a great actor, including Lorraine Bracco, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Dominic Chianese and Nancy Marchand, Tony's awesome mother. At this point in the show, it is considered a classic and correct cult. The first two seasons are not unusual. There is violence and horror in a manner that is quite common. But no doubt that he had done something special The third season is great. But rarely live according to season 1 and season 2, which ended before the new year is the weakest season (Or at least in my opinion). Even though it is a dry matter But I still find it (the 4th season of "The Sopranos") more entertaining than most competitions, and it speaks a lot because recently I noticed trends in new television programs. Examples of this: Six Feet Under, The Shield, Curb Your Enthusiasm and OZ (which is not a new technical item But ended up with a memorable season this year) to return to my point, even though considering performing better than all competitions during a bad year, especially quite a bit, was successful in terms of The writer "The Sopranos" is at the top and above all other television programs of its generation, and the writer deserves a lot of credit. To close, I want to say that "The soprano singer" is the real deal. For the average audience (age 17 and older) who enjoy acting and are not interested in using violence and a little rudeness, you may want to try it out. "Soprano" If you have a chance Believe me it will be worth the time
