It may not be fair that I have to see the most interesting comments of the Sopranos and add things that people have forgotten. How do the actors fail with these characters? Each person is passionate and serious in seeking life. Tony Soprano - While the "Capo" crowd and suffering from mental illness still see his life in front of him and know what to do to survive. Each of his people, you will truly see their lives from within, such as the form of true tourism. Of course, it presented the "nose" in every audience and I included myself here. <br /> <br /> While some of the above are not interested in Bracco, I must say that this is the new role. She has been there for many years since Good Fellas. She is Tony's side, which makes him listen to the reason that he is a good person, which makes him feel nervous when dealing with the human emotions that he has not felt long ago. She is just his savior. (Not speaking with a religious voice) <br /> <br /> But the amazing performance here is undoubtedly Edie Falco. To see the role of her prison guard in the HBO series, "Oz "And seeing her as Livia is the best compliment for any actor or actress. She crossed the boundaries of recognizable actors. There was something that only actresses like Merle Streep could escape. The sort of quality chameleon to overcome the role But as I said earlier with this strong character, what will the actor fail? <br /> <br /> The strength of Livia lies in confirming her faith every day. She is a survivor because she hopes that her husband and family will be survivors. She prepared for the worst thing because she knew the dangers of her husband's business. But knowing the way of life that she has more than most women from New Jersey She's smart, if not smarter and smarter In my opinion, this is the worst thing about the HBO series. It's what makes Larry Sanders, Sex and the City, Dream On and others come back to popularity and eventually kill them. There is too much space during the season and sporadic. Until then, I would watch the projection again in the hope that the gap in this program would be filled.
