I like MIDNIGHT COWBOY and have it in my video collection because it is my favorite. The interesting thing for me is that when the MIDNIGHT COWBOY came out in 1969, it was a shocking thing for the audience to be rated X. Of course, at that time X means Maturity. Since I was only two years old at the time of The movie debut, it is difficult for me to imagine that the shocking audience is back. However, when I tried to consider how many topics covered in the film, including prostitution. (The name itself is slang for male prostitutes); Homosexuality; loneliness; Attacks and drugs are difficult for many people to say to this day. I can begin to feel what the audience of this movie thinks of when released. It is worth noting that in 1970, MIDNIGHT COWBOY was downgraded to R, and although still rated R, some scenes were rated PG-13 according to today's standards. <br /> <br / > I want to summarize a brief summary, though it may be known that almost everyone who has heard this Jon Voight plays the young man named Joe Buck from Texas who decides that he can make it big as a business man in New York City, taking rich women. He mimicked the cowboy actors Roy Rogers by wearing a cowboy outfit, thinking that it would make a woman impressed. After being rejected by all the women he met, he met an enchanter named Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo, played by Dustin Hoffman Ratso, convinced Joe that he could make all kinds of money if he had a manager. Once again, Joe was imprisoned and soon there was no residence. However, Joe met Rutzo and was invited to stay in a dilapidated apartment. I want to say that the rest of the movie is related to Joe and Ratso, as they try to help each other in an effort to fulfill their dreams. IE Joe makes it a gigolo and Ratso is going down. Florida, which he thinks he can regain his health. <br /> <br /> I want to comment on the movie itself. First, the performance is excellent, especially the actors. Although the film is really sad from beginning to end It has a classic scene. In fact, there are some scenes that even if they do not intend to be funny. But i think it's funny For example, there is a classic scene where Dustin Hoffman and Jon Voight are walking down the city streets and have a taxi running through. Dustin Hoffman hit a taxi and said "Hey, I'm walking here! I'm walking here! "I was kicked out of that scene because it was normal for New York City that a lot of people were in a hurry. Another scene that is thought of is the scene in which Rutso (Dustin Hoffman) sends Joe (Jon Voight) to find a man named O'Neill. The funny thing is that at first we thought O'Daniel was there to get gigolos and can see why Joe was so excited. But then we began to realize that O'Daniel was not just a religious nut. In addition to the two scenes I talked about, I loved the scene where Ratso and Joe debated in their apartment when Ratso spoke to Joe that his cowboy outfit attracted only homosexuals and Joe spoke to protect himself. "John Wayne! You will tell me that he fag! "My favorite thing is to deliver on that scene. <br /> <br /> I'll say that even if the MIDNIGHT COWBOY will be put in the late 60s, but it is true today. That is because even though the area around 42 streets in New York has been cleaned in the form of Disneyfication Over the past several years, homeless people have remained as prevalent as now 40 years ago. In addition, many people have unrealistic dreams that they will hit it big just to get their dreams broken. One of the things that impressed me about Jon Voight's character is how he was a survivor and I felt that at the end of the movie he made a deal. Very grateful and Ratso (the character of Dustin Hoffman) has an influence on him.> <br /> In summary, I want to say that I suggest that when watching this movie, we should watch the movie at least twice because there is many thing For example, there are sequences and dream sequences that make me more meaningful after watching a few times. What I think is interesting is that this movie has many things that have been left to interpret, such as what happened to Joe Buck. (Jon Voight's character) and the people in his life in Texas Although the ending, while I do not want it to go to those who do not watch movies, it is open.
