The masterpiece of John Schlesinger's seamless and beautiful acidic performance is no less than 35 years ago when American life became more confusing. This film may not be able to be created at any time in history because of the many chaos that occurred in the late 1960s: the final collapse of the Great Western Americans, the escalation of war in Vietnam and Conflict of social ideals Creating confusion in a variety of <br /> <br /> 'Midnight Cowboy' is widely known as the only film that won an Oscar to get the 'X' rank, but more famous It is beyond the norm as a work of art. While this movie (Based on the novel by James Leo Herlihy) There are many stories that discuss the collapse of American life. But it was beyond the 1960s politics by looking at the hidden friendship of friendship and dealing with themes familiar to humans of all ages. In fact, the two main characters are the standard anti-Eleanor, the man who has nothing to offer. But there are many that will drain out of our world. <br /> <br /> The beginning of the 28-year-old 'Midnight Cowboy', Joe Buck, plays Texas Jon Vo, a native Texas physical. In the opening scene, we follow Joe's bus journey to New York City, where he plans to use a few of his true talents, the ability to make women satisfied and earn a fortune from being a businessman. We learned when he arrived that Joe was innocent in prostitution. Garbed in a cowboy outfit and declared himself a 'One hell of a core' Texas children struggled through his first trick before joining with Enrico 'Ratso' Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), a male prisoner, a criminal and a small bandit from the Bronx. Rutzo is short, thin and has a limp, proving a little financial aid to Joe. They quickly ran out of money and when their lives grew violently during the winter, Joe and Rutzo were trembled in an apartment building in Manhattan that was barely labeled as money or square food. It's a time when strong friendships develop between them. Two men rely on each other to fight a tremendous opportunity. <br /> <br /> Throughout the story, Joe listened to the story a few years ago in Texas. Including his life with Grandma Sally (Ruth White) who acts as a guardian His relationship with 'Crazy' Annie (Jennifer Salt), a famous local girl And the tragic events that Joe and Annie were attacked by the townspeople who wanted to destroy the love story. For the most part, the 'Midnight Cowboy' gathered together in a flashback of the dream sequence and psychedelic imagery that shed light on The main drama at the same time distorts their background. For every moment of understanding that we receive from Joe and Rutzo, additional questions about their lives will be created. Both men had no doubt in rags. They have no clear direction until Ratso falls into sickness and eventually Joe feels the purpose of living. This revelation pushed the 'Midnight Cowboy' to the conclusion, which is quite a hopeful story of horror. <br /> <br /> While Joe and Rutzo want bad luck, the direction of John Schlesinger is clear. The atmosphere of Waldo Salt's screenplay makes Voight and Hoffman grow. Their interaction is very natural and the supporting actors with Sylvia Miles, Brenda Wakaro and members of the Andy Warhol group presented. Itself is an important part of the story The historical sequence related to Voight, Ruth White and Jennifer Salt is especially impressive in dealing with the sadness of the time of loss. <br /> <br /> Young people who are wondering about the psychedelic era are advised. Watch this movie. Thank you. The best movie of Adam Holender ('The Boy Who Can Fly,' 'Smoke') and the editing by Hugh Robertson ('Shaft'). A picture of the work of 'Midnight Cowboy' with the soundtrack. (Composed by John Barry) is a rigid unit, sometimes looking at music videos in the last two decades. Everybody's Talking's lead song is sung by Nilsson, which is used as a temporary track during editing. The memorable organ theme played by Jean 'Toots' Thielemans <br /> <br /> 'Midnight Cowboy' has been published in two collectors editions by MGM / UA, which has a wider range of features and descriptions. Also available in 1998, DVD (used for this review), which has dual widescreen format and standard format, with 5.1 Dolby Digital sound enhancement; Three language subtitles and closed captions for French 'Polish'; New movie trailer (not 'original' as advertised); And an eight-page production book Both DVDs have 25-year-old movies that have been shown to be original. Deserves three Oscars (The best picture, Schlesinger, Waldo Sault) and additional nominations (Voight, Hoffman, Sylvia Miles, Hugh Robertson), 'Midnight Cowboy' will be sure that it will be on the list of immortals. Classic br /> <br /> *** ½ from 4
