Joe Buck (Jon Voight) decides that he will leave his small life in Texas and make it big in the big city. Women were there to ask and most men would be "tutti-fruttis" He came to New York, not preparing for the shameful evil he experienced, which was worse than anything else. In the middle of chaos, he met and became close friends with Rico "Ratso" Rizzo (Dustin Hoffmann), a homeless man who lived in a condemned building. <br /> <br /> There are not many stories. As a MIDNIGHT COWBOY is a short set of articles that are defined not only But will make Joe Buck only in the city But still cut off his past and showed us the shock and semi-delusional dreams of his past Annie, his girlfriend (Jennifer Sault), who was raped by the gang, was abandoned by his mother and insulted by his grandmother, who had a habit of rushing for money. The atmosphere of pessimism dominated the movie almost from the beginning of the yearning, while Nilsson played throughout his opening credits that insulted "Everybody's Talking" "We felt that even when we wanted Joe to create His reputation in the city at the end of the high odds, he will not and will end up working for Penny in a deadly job - shown in a picture from his outside point. Watch later in the movie while he watched the guy work as a dishwasher in the soup kitchen through the window and saw himself. We know from his eyes that he does not want to end this way. <br /> <br /> The dark story of the noble hope, John Schlesinger creates the hallucinations of the lost souls at the end. Of the 60s and that is the center of friendship that occurs between the two men as they struggle to give some meaning to their lives amid the elusive comfort of an elegant life There is an idea implicitly that they may be lovers - Ratto reaches out to embrace Joe in the party scene, and their final scene ultimately points to this point - but this is a buddy movie that survived. Literally going to death and bringing hope to Joe, which ultimately in Florida seems to have changed a lot
