Midnight Cowboy opens with the Drive Down in the theater, with the voice of the main character Joe Buck (Jon Voight) singing in the shower. He was singing a cowboy song, what he committed was Joe picked up his mischievous life that lived in Texas and moved to New York City with the dreams of many women and more money. He dressed as a good example of a cowboy. But in a cartoon style, not even his friends would seriously make him He began his journey on the bus to New York and we can see quickly how Joe diluted through his interactions with other passengers. This is a story of recognizing the harsh reality of Joe in the world of True, <br /> <br /> He started out as a very naive Southern man, thinking that he could build it in New York with his good looks. He had no other reason to think otherwise because they proved to be useful in the past. We learn this from the many events that he has. In the beginning, the incident will be taken in a manner that shows that they are rather strange. They were gloomy and loud, as if they were from a distance as they were. They were coming out of his past. However, as Joe delves deeper and deeper into the reality of New York's cruel atmosphere, we see more of his past, which is not uncommon. But with more flair, filmed in black and white with a quick fix to convey the brutal nature This is especially evident in his past and his girlfriend who was attacked and raped. In one of these events, we saw a building destroyed by a brick. This reflects the way in which Joe himself was broken; The innocence that he once made fell from him. He and Rutzo (Dustin Hoffman) lived in filth and could hardly find food to eat. Joe is realizing that he cannot live from his face, which is New York's weakness that he doesn't imagine. His subconscious reflects the way in which his real life appears. <br /> <br /> Ratso also acts as a mirror for Joe as well. But on the other hand Ratso is Joe's foil paper. Joe is a handsome and strong man, most of whom have good external characteristics. On the other hand, Ratso from the first time we see him sitting next to Joe in the bar, we can tell that he is opposite. He is short, dark and always coated with sweat. He understands how the world works. It is not forgiving and sometimes, no matter how hard you try, you will fail. Like his father did They live in the same world, the same apartment, even if they understand things at a completely different level. <br /> <br /> The pattern of distribution which is common in this era is Very clear in this film. Joe and Rutzo do not match the culture around them. Joe felt trapped in Texas and moved to New York, where he was a very outsider. Ratso, who lives in New York's cold, wants to move to Florida, where he thinks he can find a good life. Although this is his ideal But in the imagination that we received from Ratso's point of view, it is clear that he knew he would not really be in society. In the imagination that people live around, he turns out that he is still an alien outside of society. <br /> <br /> It can't be until the end. The gap between Joe and Rutzo begins to narrow. Joe uses violence. He used the idea of ​​this city to receive money to escape in Florida for himself and Ratso. On the trip, we saw Joe coming out of the store, not wearing cowboy clothes that he had never had in the rest of the movie. He is dressed as someone who looks like they're heading to Florida for a vacation. He dressed Rutgers in the same way. He was tired of getting them into the new society that they came in. But nothing useful When the death of Ratso on the bus, their fellow passengers watched them again as an outsider. Even in this new culture in which they entered, they could not escape from the alienation they encountered every turn in this film. The film ends with the hope that Joe can bring his new knowledge about how the world works and create a better life than he used to be a businessman in New York. Midnight Cowboy is a great movie that represents The truth of society and alienation with the great performances of both Voight and Hoffman
