John Schlesinger's 'Midnight Cowboy' movie may be the most popular film in history, an institution that will receive an Academy Award for Best Film This is the first time I heard this story and actually I didn't expect much from this movie. This is not to say that I think it's scary. In any way, I didn't think it was a movie that I liked to watch. This is one reason why you should not believe your own instincts about this manners ?? The remarkable combination of outstanding performances, ambitions, directing and memorable soundtracks ("Everyone is talking about "Where I do not hear the words they say") make this movie one of the best explorations of life, innocence and friendship Newcomer Jon Voight) Dressed proudly as a cowboy. Rodeo traveled from Texas to New York to seek new life as a prostitute businesswoman. However, women seem to be reluctant to pay for their services and Joe faces extreme poverty because the supply of his money begins to dry. During these exploits, Joe met Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), an impostor who was seriously ill at the beginning. When they realized that they were both in the same situation, Rutzo offered Joe a place to live and work together. They tried to make their own lives. (Most dishonest) In cold weather /> <br /> Joe believes in herself that New York women are willing to pay more sex. However, his first business venture ended with him paying the wrong woman (Sylvia Miles) twenty dollars. Although he may think himself to be quite smart But Rasso is innocent like Joe. Ratso, with his limp pain and hacking, was always convinced that if only But he was able to travel to Miami that was warm, everything would be done The misunderstandings that things will improve easily are reminiscent of Lenny's classic novel and George of John Steinbeck 'Of Mice and Men'. <br /> <br /> Shoot mostly on the streets of New York. 'Is a realistic look in the slum life in the slums Watching the movie, we almost felt ourselves in the formidable Ratto's house and our agility. Our joints were frozen from the cold winter. The show contributed to real realism. Both Voight and Hoffman demonstrated both the degraded waste of modern society. In particular, Hoffman is special in his role. (I'm walking here! I'm walking here! ") Management to avoid being typecast after he was highly praised for his debut in 1967. After that, both stars were nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor. (Like Sylvia Miles, who has been nominated for an award for acting without appearing for more than five minutes) The seven-time nomination, including Best Picture, Best Director for Schlesinger and Best Writing for Waldo Salt <br /> <br /> 'Midnight Cowboy' was told in linear form. Although there are many incidents that have hinted at Joe's past instead of explaining clearly what these short examples are about, the audience is invited to think about it by themselves and these situations will lead Joe How is the path that he is carrying? The dazzling final scene gives us the light of hope. But there are many uncertainties, courageous, thought-provoking and fascinating. The 'Midnight Cowboy' is a scene for all ages.
