"Midnight Cowboy" has never been a great movie to begin with. But it is a classic movie Did you know that it's a classic time, a song that insists 'Everybody's Talking' begins in the soundtrack (actually not written for movies) and the way the camera introduces us to Joe Buck ( We had seen Jon Voight before but never really noticed him. But when he told us that he was 'One of those who doubt him? This is a great show that has the status of a star, including the complete understanding of the character, and if Voight has never done anything else, his performance here will remain a legend. It is Voight, not disappointed on the screen. ; Even the pieces of the ham disappeared as his work in the glorious garbage "Anaconda" is the source of happiness. <br /> <br /> The film became known and lost almost overnight. It's a favorite crowd. (Even though it ended with humor) funny and sexy and remembered 'real things'; (It was the end of the sixties and all the characters came true.) It was the first popular movie 'X' to receive an Oscar as an annual film, Adapted (Wally) by Waldo Salt from The novel James Leo Herlihy is probably the first mainstream commercial American film to deal with 'taboos' such as homosexuality and drug abuse in a realistic manner. Everyone is a human wart and everyone and everyone is treated sympathetically. Joe Buck of Voight is innocent in foreign countries. Candide, who travels to New York to seek his wealth as a businessman. (The profession he saw as charming and seedless) He is a hybrid between gigolo and social worker. But when he was rushed by a small villain, 'Ratso' Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman, fresh from the "graduate" and he was a revelation) he realized that perhaps the truth might be different. From a little pipe - a dream. <br /> <br /> Basically it's a love story of a man. (Although completely calm) between these two people is not surprising. Both alone, the needy both became the defender of the other party. (Wojciech with physical courage, Hoffman, along with his road intelligence) They went wrong from the mainstream, acknowledging their own characteristics and the deviations of others. 'It's not just a homosexual behavior in the 42st Street Theater with a boy who is lonely than himself. (The whole film has a strange 'Christian' attitude. <br /> <br /> It also acts beautifully while Voight and Hoffman hold the screen throughout. There are great short articles from Brenda's favorite things. Vaccaro and Sylvia Miles as well as John McGiver, Bob Balaban and Bernard Hughes as diverse customers Completely while the direction of John Schlesinger made the film have the feel of a documentary film, as well as a view that separated from the perspective of an American under the stomach without rancor. And without criticism In the second thought, maybe it's a great movie.
