It is not a timeless masterpiece that you expect it to be based on the acclaim received. The 1969 "Midnight Cowboy" is still a place to show power for two young actors. person Directed by John Schlesinger and written by Waldo Zalt, the film seems to be a work of that era in the late 1960s when the American film was especially expressed. But still spell the spell because of the story No matter what time The film's influence can also be felt in an unspoken emotional emotion found in Ang Lee's "Brokeback Mountain". <br /> <br /> The following winding plot Joe Buck. Texas native Stud for rent for wealthy women Full of energy But lacking any understanding, he failed miserably But not willing to accept the defeat, despite the diminishing financial status He met other people who were named "Ratszo", a disgusting Rizzo who saw that Joe was the first to pledge easily. Both depend on each other and Rizzo begins to deal with Joe. What happened at the psychedelic drug party that Joe eventually lands, the client pays. At the same time, Rizzo became ill and both traveled to Florida to seek a better life. This is not a matter of attracting everyone's attention. In fact, some people may find it a nasty thing that businessmen and thieves become sympathetic individuals, but they feel that it is real. <Br /> <br /> At first, the important role Jon Voight was chosen was excellent, as he brought out the thinness of Joe's bravado and deeper sexual insecurity. As Rizzo Dustin Hoffman succeeded in creating a clean image, posting a college from "graduates" and absorbing personal degradation and flashing hopes. The integrity of their image was enhanced by the treatment of Schlesinger's film, which clearly captures the filth of the Times Square area at that time. The director also effectively inserted the montage of past events and fantasy sequences to fill the fragile minds of the characters. The credit had to go to Salt, in order to avoid the cynicism that dominated the pathos of the story. Other performances were just a coincidence of the journey of the main characters, including Brenda Vaccaro. At the Sylvia Miles party as a middle-aged woman, John McGiver is a religious man and Barnard Hughes. <br /> <br /> Two DVD packages 2006 include Transfer the original print Restoration of 1994 and the explanations provided by the producer Jerome Hellman, because unfortunately Schlesinger Salt or alive. There are three wonderful features on the second disc - a documentary looking back. "After midnight: Reflections on the classic 35 years later", which comments from Hellman, Hoffman, Voight and others, as well as related clips and videos. Is a screen test of Voight "Controversy and Acclaim" which examines the origin of the 'X' rating of this film and the response to the movie. And tribute to the director "Celebrating Schlesinger"
