Horror may be one of two types that logic cannot always overcome. We all know that killers like Freddie, Jason, Michael and even Leatherface shouldn't be able to keep the amount of pain that they do and still live to fight again. Most of us do not believe that zombies are raised from the dead to secretly follow people and eat their brains. And hope that at least some people know that when you enter places such as funhouses and old mansions where unspeakable crimes are not punished for them This is where the imagination wins over reality. Most horror movies and movies generally require us to stop believing for a few hours and go with the stream. This is often not a problem when I watch the ball bouncing off the stairs at George C. Scott, or when I see unseen forces stalking three amateur film makers in the woods near Burketsville. But what I have Digestive problems (Without wanting to flow back) is when the movie has a killer like people in this movie To tell who the real killer is, is a big spoiler and it will make fun of watching yourself But enough to say that I really like this movie until the last scene when the killer is revealed There were too many events in the movie that caused the feeling that the murderer was a person, but 90 minutes before this point, it was a wonderful movie that blew with the horrors and skills of John Hough. If this film offered another killer To me, I will praise This may sound like a perfect reason to destroy the film's reputation. But I believe that everyone who has seen this movie is almost sure to agree with me. <br /> <br /> John Castes played the role of Dr. Sam Cordell and his daughter Jenny (played by Erin Flannery) recently moved to this small New England town. Cordell was recently widowed and it is unclear how his wife died. We saw many scenes from the mysterious woman. (The only one able to assume that it was his wife) was putting the back on the ground during heavy rain. Her face was blood and her eyes were closed. Again, I'm not sure who this woman is and is related to her story. But she was there It must mention Cassevetes. It's strange to say a little. Cordell is a dear father. But his love for his daughter seems to be a little more than parents There are some scenes that indicate the possibility of incest. It doesn't come to achieve results. But it seems to have all power But some are under the proverbial carpet Fortunately, the movie never explores the elements of this relationship. But it makes you uncomfortable. <br /> <br /> Casevettes seem to be a cross between a porn star John Leslie and a wonderful James Caan movie. He has a deceitful smile and a bouncing sound that commands you to sit up and observe But he seems to be taking off his clothes during the business luncheon in every scene. He just had an uneasy, unobtrusive fluidity about him. He never really seems to trust him in this movie. I guess that it is a credit for writers, directors, and caves. There's always something that bothered me about his character. <br /> <br /> The story begins with a great note, because two couples are swimming in a local mine. There is a change in the old factory that is rickety near and as we see there is something or some people are watching. When the young man disappeared from the truck for a moment, the girl walked into the penthouse to play prank. When she was there, she was attacked. The young man rushed to the shed to find her, and he was plugged in with the board and cleverly nailed Hough. We were rewarded when the young man came in. The room and then smacko, the men understand It was a very stressful time and it started to make this movie in the right note. <br /> <br /> I also knew the story of the tale of a young man named Tim who seemed to have a strange dream. A woman bound in a torture room surrounded by men with a face mantle Tim seems to think that his dreams are related to murder, because every time a murder occurs, he has another dream. Throwing a quiet and indignant grandmother, a woman who has a moral and strong sheriff. But distressing, and you have all the ingredients needed to create income in the small town of Galen. <br /> <br /> At all times, many people are killed. But in most cases, men are killed by violent prejudices and women are raped. This is the first time I'm weak. (And be careful) trying to tell you that this is something that makes me not confident with the storyline It doesn't respond to the correct record. <br /> <br /> Incubus is a movie that is very well done. It's tight, stressful, and even most of the performances do very well. I was fascinated by Timmy's dream and I wanted to know how important they were to the story and the murder. But when you pass everything that is well done in the movie, you will still have an acerbic taste in your mouth. And the bitter pill is usually harder to swallow than sweets. <br /> <br /> 7 out of 10 - this may be a very bad nine.
