If you have the opportunity to see Sandra Bernhard on your own I saw her last year in Los Angeles when she toured Everything Bad and Beautiful and I still couldn't believe that I was in the first row and was lucky enough to experience Show a miracle Now she is in New York with the show and it happened with her famous stuntshall release. We lost Richard Pryor, Lenny Bruce, Nina Simone but Sandra remained with us. Patti Smith disappeared in Work, but not Sandra. Barbara Streisand looked over her head for a while. But Sandra did more than he had at Bass. Okay, I want it to be known. Ms. Bernhard is an influential actor and many more. I want to push this movie because of truth, honesty, humor, eclectic music. (From Laura Nyro, Sylvester, Nina Simone, Prince) and the script that defines decadence, happiness, sadness, ups and downs of the 70s and 80s. I think many cartoons (And I mean many) have been lifted. Okay, so much stolen from this list, if not from Sandra himself. I will not name But will come with you and I know who they are See what it is, Bernhard plays according to her own rules. This film shows, like her live performance, that she is an actress who still adheres to the old school of the show business as well as moving forward. Her performance is reminiscent of a smoke-free jazz club. (At the time of Miles Davis, Coltrane, Monk) TV shows in the 70s, intimate cabaret shows and concerts reminiscent of everyone from Judy Garland to Joan Jett. Most comedians couldn't feel that Where did Sandra come from? So here I was when one year ago, watched Sandra at Silent Movie Theater with fear and joy. I want to meet you after showing you something that has some meaning to me that will hopefully mean to you. But I listened to my copy for it to hurt and just thanked her for praying that made me laugh, making me think that made me feel. You can't deny the appearance of this woman and of course you can't deny the ability to just run out of the stage. She's still here. Even after releasing her without you, I had nothing at all 15 years ago and she looks good by the way. I know this directly from the theater where an audience said to others, "She's very funny .. and she still looks incredible !!! If you haven't touched your life, please watch this movie for me. I hope Sandra will see this thing. You have a lot of meaning for me, causing me to pass through difficult times like crazy. If you can email me, please do it if you don't know if you still kicked it. Going out and still going to do that is enough for me. Come on, people give up on Lady !!!!
