On pet topics for Sematary, said George Romero (Stephen King's director of Creepshow and The Dark Half) is designated as a director and pulled out. One wondered what he would bring to the film as director Mary Lambert, while not a really bad director, did not bring many fantasies to the adaptation of this King's novel, which he wrote. film script Of course, there are some very powerful and surprising scenes (mostly related to Zelda, the sister would be exciting for children if they watch the movie) and the casting in some roles is perfect. But there are some things that are sometimes missing, some styles that may correspond to a devastating Rajasthan atmosphere, which in this case is about an anomaly while you are about to receive without a human being From the tomb that was thrown If he would record that in his last novel ...) <br /> <br /> As mentioned, some of the casting actors are excellent, especially Miko Hughes as Gage Creed Boy. The little one that went from being one of the The most cute little boy in this 80s horror movie, to be a small monster (I said that it is definitely a compliment, especially in the scene where the scalpel is spinning) and still has a juicy supporting role for Fred Gwynne of the Munsters, who played this mysterious old man with the correct notes of the plays being played and the punishment. And the applause to the person dressed on Andrew Hubatsek, but there are other shortcomings, although in the selection of other actors Show the woman who didn't work for me. <br /> <br /> In terms of settings Some of the few cool pieces that stand out: the exact plot time (In order not to lose, it is related to the cool Ramones song) and the first coming of a sematary pet (the bigger one), including the type of mysterious whiz. Excellent, even though it is darker than that in order to be consistent with the script. If thinking in logical terms (Although in terms of kings) it is one of his more powerful works over time. But it does not increase as it should be or should Even so, it made a good midnight movie.
