"Pet Sematary" is an adaptation of Stephen King's novel of the same name. The story is based on a middle-class American family that moved into a country house. The family consists of Louis and Rachel and their two children, Ellie and their toddler son. The house must not be better and the family met with a strange old man. But friendly, that is Jud, who lives across the street He led them along the old way into the forest one day with a pet cemetery - filled with a large number of animal graves. And besides that, the sacred burial place of India that seemed to have strange powers when the church family's cat was killed, Louis saw that it was appropriate to bury him in a pet cemetery and after that For a long time the church returned to life But now there is something evil about him, he is not the same cat he used to be And when a tragic accident takes the life of a young man, Louise decides to use this same concept to hope to restore his dead son ... Unfortunately he received more than he negotiated. > <br /> Read Stephen, the King's novel. I can say that this book is better than in many movies. Do not say that this movie is not good because it is not - a little better. The true strength of this movie is in the story, which is both a strange story. But it is something very strange, something that the story of King is commonly known The script has been adapted from the story very well and while it has a slight difference in some aspects But it is a good screen conversion There are a few planning holes here and there is nothing important. In addition, this movie is really scary and it has succeeded in the intention of doing so. There is a nuisance scene that has happened throughout the story and I have to say that Zelda's sister Rachel's previous sequence is number one. Actually it's the most nasty and annoying thing I've ever seen in horror movies - it's not blood and blood. It's just disgusting. One thing is certain that the image will not leave you soon. <br /> <br /> The performances in this movie are very similar and I have no problems at all. This movie is a true story full of blood. There are many nasty little scenes that will make everyone afraid. There is, including horror, at the end. I like the way they ended up with this movie suddenly and inconclusive. But it works better when considering everything. <br /> <br /> Overall, "Pet Sematary" is a great horror movie that I d recommend to those who are fans of Stephen King or fans of General type The story is the greatest asset of this film and it's a creepy story as well. One of Stephen King's adaptations is better than I say. 7/10
