Louise Crick, a doctor from Chicago, moved to a large house near a small town because he would attend Maine's university. Along with him is Rachel, his wife and their two children, Ellie and Gaet, as well as Ellie's Cat Church. Soon they met their new neighbors and the old man named Judd. CrandallJudd not only warned Louis and Rachel about the dangers of a highway that ran through their homes. (Which is the way that large trucks use all the time) but still show Family pet cemetery located near their home. Judd began to talk about the importance of pet cemeteries. But Rachel disagrees to talk about death and spirituality with her children because she has a wound from the death of Selda's sister. <br /> <br /> During the first week of The family in the new house, Louis, has a dead man who has to deal with: Victor Pascow, a student who was seriously injured in a car accident, speaks his dying words to Louis personally, although both men are stranger On the following night after Pascow's death, Louis experienced what he believed to be a bright dream, which he met with Pascow, who led him to a pet cemetery and warned Louis not to. "Go far, no matter how you feel Louis woke up in the bed the next morning and believed that it was only a dream until he discovered his feet and bedspreads covered with needles, soil and pine. However, he rejected the dream. Many strange things began to happen and Ellie's cat church died while walking on the highway. Louis still worried that he would talk about the death of the church with Ellie. But Judd was sympathetic to him. Jude took Louis to the pet cemetery to consider burial the church. But instead of stopping there, the judge brought Louis far more than traveling to Scary "True Cemetery": an ancient burial area that was once used by Micmac ('... the Indians ...'). There, Louise buried the cat according to Jud's orders. Jud said that the animals buried Then returned to life again And that's where the true horror story begins ... <br /> <br /> I found this movie very good. It's not the most scary movie. But it is one of the best horror movies that I watched. The way in which Gage died is almost impossible to not be in your memory. It's very cool to see Stephen King's seal as a funeral minister. <br /> <br /> Of course, there are some mistakes in the script: a doctor who is rich with two young children will be there. How to live Dangerous highway near his home? Gage, no scratches or anything after being hit by a truck Why would Louis still resurrect all members of his family, knowing that they would all be like monsters? Things that are not reasonable But I can understand that every horror movie script has a superlative idea of ​​work. <br /> <br /> The good thing I have seen in this movie is the need to talk about it. Death with children, no matter what religion you are or whether you are a person who does not believe in God and avoiding important subjects does not help anything. Because Louise was afraid to be honest with Ellie and confronted her and said that her cat would never return again. All nightmares began.
