The ring is made from a single screenplay written by Hitchcock and is related to his first picture of a love triangle. When looking at the first glance, there seems to be an update of moral jokes about the unfaithful theme of Cecil B. De Mille, but more than that is the first talented Hitchcock image. Even though he has not yet used the thoughts and aspirations of the thriller, he still develops tools that will create little doubt. <br /> <br /> including being a German-style student Expressionist strokes style, the revision of Sergei Eisenstein affects Hitchcock, but here he keeps not only rhythm But with correction But with the content of the image This is a clear picture from the opening of the stadium, where the venue revolves around the smooth rhythm builder. And just like Eisenstein, the editing style seems to suggest sound For example, when the ringing of a bell that is loud for a fraction of a second, we almost hear the sound of the subconscious because of the very vibrating image. In the United States, the ring doesn't mess too much with the name card. As much as possible, was conveyed by the image and Hitch had enough confidence for the audience to read the lips, or at least summarize the meaning of the words of many characters. And it is not done by using symbols or exaggeration, which is done by making the right angle and the right time, especially with the perspective shooting, including the strong but fragile performances. Too many bright ideas (Especially double image) which is not necessary But this thing is less than in the lodge. <br /> <br /> Please give a few honor. For such actors, first and foremost, Carl Brisson, who is handsome and talented in the leading role At first I felt a little confused as to why he had a role as an honest person. He looked more like a ballet dancer than a boxer! But that shows how much I know when Brisson is a former professional boxer and has no experience in acting. His opponent is Ian Hunter, who has the ability to have a long career in supporting roles until the age of 60. The most demanding role in the ring must be given to Lillian. Hall-Davis, which is torn between two lovers She pulled it out very well. But with a feeling of bad acting and it's a shame in her career that has never been in the age of sound <br /> <br /> The ring of the great fight of the Ring is Hitchcock's most impressive moment of the silent era. Martin Scorsese may be fixed on the ring when he directs the scene. High In Raging Bull because of his keywords for these scenes. "In the ring" The fighting in the ring begins with a fairly normal shot. But when the action became more intense, Hitchcock made us fall in the middle with close-ups and perspective shots. It seems that Hitchcock's goal must always be relevant to his audience, and this is important in his career after the secret of his success is successful, causing the audience to be fascinated by fear or paranoia. The drama <br /> <br /> deserves more recognition than the inferior But better known It is a work that is refined and professional than the previous image and may be the best feature of all his silence.
