I thought I was the # 1 fan of Hidden Frontier because I was one of a small group of fans who met these people. Actually - not counting meetings. Of course, I watched Hidden Frontier since 2001 and I Having said that, I am still impressed by what these people are going to happen. <br /> <br /> Hidden Frontier is the creator of Rob Caves's brain and his own studio. Arak Pictures, which worked out of the back room of his house While not as "fancy" like saying the new TOS-based Voyages (which sometimes gets some of the actors / writers from the original series such as Walter Koenig, aka Chekov, aka Mr.), Rob and the actors And the HF crew manage to create a worthy series that will replace the horrific tests we call "Enterprise". The most successful and controversial story is the introduction of Star Trek's first openly gay character. Corey Aster ( To be introduced in the second season), and his search to find a partner. Somewhere in the series later, he met Jorian Zen, the executive officer of Trill's of Excelsior in the recent story featuring these two characters. (Warning: MAJOR SPOILER. Don't read if you haven't watched Serie. So far, Zen has joined with the exiled symbiont, causing tremendous changes. His relationship with Aster, although the future is uncertain - when seeing the latest episode "Beachhead" was shown to HF fans in the chat room last night - I think this relationship will last. But only time will tell. <br /> <br> Gene Roddenberry created Star Trek with the intention of giving a story about his character rather than fighting in space. Rob Caves created the Hidden Frontier for the same reason - and this is what makes This series is popular as it is. According to previous comments, I hope that I will give a score higher than 10, but it must be sufficient. Although the next season will be the last time But still maintaining the tradition of acting in the seven seasons that started with Star Trek: The Next Generation - I'm happy to bet that we will hear about Hidden Frontier after the final episode.
