I have all the Weissmuller Tarzan series on DVD. (The version has been completely recovered) & I never bored to watch them. My personal favorites are "Tarzan and his partner" because of the clothes of Maureen O'Sullivan (And almost all) and occasional flashes of her genital area under the leather plate hanging in front Before everyone claims that A - it's not really her or B - it's not what it really is. Let me say that I have watched many times in high zoom mode and believe me ... It is you and you. Naked under that costume ... many times, especially during the lion's attack. At the end, watching slowly and the maximum zoom reveals that she was shaved except the small dark hair covered lips .. Not Errors yet For the swimming scene is a double body in the "skin" set. Yes, it is twice as much. But she did not wear "skin" or anything else ... again. Slow motion and maximum zoom show everything to those who see Who want to see Now, the controversy has come. Let's see the real movie ... I think this movie script is very good and is written tightly ... The action scenes are great. Weissmuller fought with a real big lion. ... The use of the background image, which is the second thing from Africa, blends well with studios and locations in the United States, making it sometimes difficult to tell which one. Don't complain too much. Remember that 90% of all movies are fake, so just relax and enjoy the things that are cursed with popcorn, big bowls, cold beer and new cigarette smoke ... sexy and girlfriend / wife. Willing to be outside of the same line ... LOL Oh ... the last word about nudity ... At first, while the white hunters were talking, the conversation looked at the background, plus ... with pictures. Sa Bare the African people. (Obviously from the position) behind them Another thing that this film is not racist according to the standards of the 1930s to the 1960s ... That's how people of that era thought and envisioned at that time. Schaff did not think at that time and the audience would not accept their other paintings at that time in history. Safari uses the natives to carry luggage on their heads ... and the character of Chew is bravely dead, trying to help the white and Jane predators. Actually, it wasn't until Gene Autry treated the Native Americans and people of his color in the West, like the real human that Hollywood began to see that it's okay to do that.
