Tarzan and his friends (1934) are the only Tarzan movies I have never seen when I was young. It sounds boring. Now i see I've seen Monkey Man (1932) about one hundred times and keep a copy on my drive. It's an amazing movie. Almost flawless Tarzan and his colleagues (1934), however stumbling It's not a harmonics, and the parts often use their own lives. The different parts of themselves are very good and the action scenes are great. Big budget expensive Tarzan is a co-star in the show. She develops and becomes a wild girl, so I often forget the criticism and sing her praises instead. She let her be tricked by the pot that kissed her and later killed the elephant. She insists Tarzan will carry a bracelet that belongs to her father forever. What will break apart as soon as he goes about his business in a stupid forest? Later, people found it in the river. Now should prove that Tarzan is dead. Some cheap plays A pot with a clear interest in the dead Tarzan and convince Jane that he has gone away. She uses their words to receive and wants to be taken. (English) Stupid. Jane seems to have forgotten how difficult Tarzan is. How hard he is to kill. The caravan is about to leave and Jane goes with him. Again potholes She can make the caravan rest for a few hours or more to collect and say goodbye to the wild and her dead husband. She may be wise. She can dive as they find a floating bracelet. Check the bank's traces. She can shoot within 15 seconds and swing in Liana's. Finding traces should not be too difficult for Jane. She can talk to monkeys and others. If she returns to England without doing this, she will become miserable. Jane is intelligent. But the cheap drama made her disappointed And why in this world to let people rape kisses too "I blame myself as much as you". The punishment for being a propeller may? Nonsense The fight is hard and tells Tarzan to be appropriate. Still, this movie is far from bad, even though the potholes are large and sometimes deep. Just lean back and enjoy it It is Tarzan and Jane for the benefit of God.
