This superbly directed fantasy is the second game that is popular with the defective Tarzan series released by MGM. It is a first class adventure for many reasons. I recommend - good quality shooting. Good imagination, delightful actors, great wild replica locations and very exciting stories. Johnny Weissmuller plays the unique Tarzan single syllable, which is not like creating a request. Edgar Rice Burroughs. But he is honest, honest, brave and very brave, and he needs to be in the process of telling this story As his wife Jane Parker, who had been Jane Porter in the novel, Maureen O'Sullivan, was very charming and lively, just like the sport that the script calls for that quality. The effects of the light set that is spacious and intelligent is quite strange. This is an outdoor adventure filmed on the MGM back-lot, which actually works. Mutir Escarpment novels are remote places that help Tarzan and Jane have a life that is not disturbed. But the people in search of them, the elites, the emissaries of civilization, left behind and made Tarzan unable to live comfortably. One of them is Harry Holt, who is also in love with his friend, who seduces her with his back to civilization. Dresses and perfume interested her But she refused to leave Tarzan Tarzan must protect her from many wild animals in a scene that looks like a humane king. The group claims to want hunting and Tarzan agrees with Jane's sake of trapping the big game. But at some point, the idea of ​​ivory and fortune has changed the mind of the traveler. Tarzan was shot to death. And the group forced Jane to go with them on the journey as they followed the dying elephant to go to the "Elephant Cemetery" but they found an area protected by a fierce tribe and attacked by a lion Tarzan rides an elephant that he revived over time. In the scene that is filled with the most beautiful elephants, he saves Jane's life and the rest of the journey to the returning home. But much smarter as Jane continued with her new husband The film is directed by Cedric Gibbons, who designed the scene and is quite beautiful as well. His work and lighting are outstanding works of entertaining and exciting movies that seem to be true, despite the shortcomings of Hollywood from beginning to end. Neil Hamilton, Harry is very good, Paul Kawasaki Mishnah better both before and after he revealed himself badly. Forrester, Harvey and Nathan Kerry round out a small, very professional throw. Strange and well-known fantasy movies with interesting situations and strong encounters as well.
