The Ruth Snyder - Judd Gray's murder in 1927 inspired the Ogden Nash to write a more famous Broadway play, Machinal. It inspired James M. Cain to write two short novels, which anyone who Came to the point that they were reading this review to be familiar with - double compensation and The Postman Always Rings Twice. Both became classic noir movies in 1940. The double compensation is the complete content. The best that I have ever done The real-life elements of Snyder-Gray's story are captured by Adam and Eve-old and Albert Gray's indifference, the high sexual drive of Ruth. Love and peace The missing elements include the fact that the real environment is Manhattan - Albert Snyder is a respected newspaper editor. Many incompetent and failed attempts were also ignored in order to cut the chase. <br /> <br /> Cain's double compensation is perfectly filmed by Billy Wilder - so look at the wig. Stanwyck's ridiculous hair! The postman Always Rings Twice, however, was filmed three times and the Italian version of Ossessione and Luchino Visconti's first film for the first time in three versions. Before commenting on this issue, I will introduce Lana Turner - John Garfield, a 1946 version, complete and five minutes of the 1981 Jack Nicholson - Jessica Lange version for a great sex scene on the table. <br /> <br /> Ossessione is not as loud as the postman rings twice. It has a strong new look which makes it a great movie. But many noir elements are missing It doesn't have important low light and exotic camera angles. The dialog box is not boiled hard and instead the film focuses on a particular style. This is the longest version of the story. It still has more sex than the Lana Turner version. We have obviously an affair. And Giovanna is clearly a nymphomaniac. The new character is brought into the story - La Spagnola - with obvious overtones, homosexuality. It also has a small role, but plays very well for dancers who shine moonlight as prostitutes. <br /> <br /> This is a better study of the laborer than crime. The audience gets a feeling of poverty and dirt. The homeless is a complete homeless person. The wife has no Lana Turner and may be a prostitute before marriage. Her husband is a rude capitalist - a fat, rude and arrogant person. I think the casting is excellent for this movie. My only beef is too long work time. Everything has been pulled out for too long and will be more effective if saving more. However, fans of noir and realism like Ossessione as I do.
