This film is a new film about THE POSTMAN ALINGSS RINGS. Twice, it is clear that the director and producer have never bothered to pay royalties for this - perhaps the fact that we are in the fight with The Italians in World War II may make them forget about the royalties! However, this movie is not only a real Italian Hollywood movie. In some ways it is much better and in other ways it is definitely not. <br /> <br /> The three main characters in this movie are really ugly ones. In fact, male and female lovers look rather cowardly. The male lead is quite common, except for the feathers that have many shapes. (Especially at the back and shoulders) and his woman's love is to make straightforward, unattractive They are a very crying voice from Lana Turner and John Garfield in the Hollywood version and the unfortunate husband is a fat man and loves to walk around the shirt - and his partner in the American movie Cecil Kell. Away is definitely better. (And may look better than the other two leading Italian actors) Elaborate Lana Turner in the middle, nowhere to marry Kellaway - I'm 100% confident that she will have dozens. Of better deals! While frankly Italian wives may not be able to do much better and make marriage more believable. <br /> <br /> Part of the faith of Italian movies comes from the way of sexual abuse. Hygienic American movies try to make you believe that although Turner and Garfield will kill Kellaway, but they never have sex! This is stupid and unrealistic. In addition to the informal sex of the movie, it is also quite easy to show a bad life - a lot of people have sweat bands floating over the kitchen table and everyone has to bathe <br The movie is still very fast compared to the American film. And what you get because of all the poorness This film lacks the style and refinement of American movies - with images that are wider. Of course, it's not a beautiful movie. But the realistic Neo style makes the movie look more realistic But it cannot compensate for shortcuts in the story Many plot elements in the later versions of America disappeared entirely or were not polished. And the ending seems less interesting than American movies - and misses the dilemma of all human nature when Turner and Garfield open each other like a rat (The best part of American movies) <br /> <br /> So which movie is better? Most of this may be up to you. For me, the Warner Brothers movie is too simple and too unrealistic. (Although it is a very stylish style and may not like watching movies with subtitles) - but it ended up wonderful And the Italian movie is more realistic until the crappy ending which seems to be too hasty So this movie is not great. But I would like to nod to the Italians to look a little better. It's terrible that they can't combine the best elements of both films into one of the most prominent films.
