With Fiji, Michalika Koanyis may be the first film director to succeed in bringing the feelings of the ancient Greek theater to the screen. His own screenplay, the adaptation of Euripides' tragedy is far from easy compared to two films in the ending he directed. The story has been carefully fragmented from the Euripides version and placed in a logical sequence of time and strictly in accordance with modern methods of storytelling. Cacoyannis has added Some plays in his films that do not appear in the tragedy of Euripides: Odysseus, Calchas and the army. This was done to make certain issues of Euripides about the church war and The government became more clear. Finally, the Cacoyannis' Iphigenia ending was rather vague compared to Euripides. <br /> <br /> The film was filmed at the location where the director of photography, Giorgos Arvanitis, showed us that Greece is strong. But beautiful, which since the Homeric era seems to be stagnant He takes advantage of the body, arid land, ruins, strong light and darkness. The severity of the terrain is particularly suitable for the spirit of the character. The camera uses the entire scope of the existing image from a distance, supplementing the vastness and desolation of the landscape, as well as the size of the human being associated with a very close cut and elaborate deep into the spirit of the character. Torture. Especially the release of this film with a fast and brave shot track along the line of ships with beaches followed by aerial views of soldiers. Thousands of people lying on the beach are a very effective way of political and military communication of the responsible Agamemnon. <br /> <br /> There are no words except "noble". Costa Kazakos (Agamemnon), Irene Papas (Clytemnestra) and Tatiana Papamoschou (Iphigenia) Kazakos and Papas gather the delicacy of the classical Greece tragedy. The character of Kazac is extremely down to earth and his powerful look into the camera, rather than his words, reveals the unbelievable torment that has torn his soul. Irene Papas is the essence of that. Modern Greek Classical Drama In Iphigenia, she was very terrible and, moreover, for what we knew would be her revenge, Tatiana Papamoskou, in her first role on the screen, had a remarkable image of the innocent Iphigenia that was in conflict with Showing the strictness of Kazakos about her father Agamemnon. <br /> <br /> Cacoyannis is faithful to Euripides. Of other characters: Odysseus is a cunning, cunning, politician, Achilles, nonsense, narcissistic warrior. Menalaus is centered on himself, obsessed with his honor, eager to take revenge and receive his wife and property revival. <br /> < br> Dresses and scenes are true: no Hollywood. Agamemnon's rooms are like barns. They dress up like everyone else in a hand-woven, easy-to-wear dress. The Clytemnestra is built from rough wood carvings. <br /> <br /> The music played by contemporary composer Mikis Theodorakis. Theodorakis's score has increased dramatically and the film's exposition reflects the psychological aspects of the tragedy. And emphasizing the dimension and reality of the movie. <br /> <br /> This film and the story tell the insights about the ancient world. The Greeks thought that it was a crucible for many of our modern civilizations. It teaches us a lot about ourselves as individuals and as animals, society and politics. Euripides asks about the value of war and patriotism when measured by the simple virtues of the family and love and reflects the weak position of women in the world of manly violence. In adapting to the tragedy of Euripides, Cacoyannis reviewed all of these issues in a modern, clear and dramatic way. The relationship that controls the political mechanisms clearly shows: the war destroys and destroys the human spirit. At the level that a person or group is no longer able to work normally With the possible exception of Menelos, whose honor was dirty by his own wife and her lover, everyone had a personal motivation for war with Troy, which was not related to Helen: Power thirst (Agamemnon), greed (army, Odysseus), or glory (Achilles), so in reality Helen became WMD of the Trojan War. The war that has been removed from Homerick's glamor and religious sanctions is only a joint venture of imperialism that has been motivated by the desire to receive all the objects as a convenient excuse. Comfortable <br /> <br /> Conflict in the movie Between the church and the state, Calchas, a representative of the Church, felt a challenge to the authority of the monks and wanted to destroy Agamemnon for insulting the gods he served, telling him to sacrifice his daughter. In consenting to sacrifice the king to come close to his moral cessation But in rejection, losing power over the masses (His army) which was brainwashed by religion Of course, for Agamemnon, it was a game. The king had to go along with the cunning man, whether he believed in God in good faith or not until he realized that it was too late that he caught himself in a nasty suicide. <Br /> <br /> Is it a sacrifice? Murder and how can we tell the difference between the two? By focusing on the violence and horror of the traditional human sacrifice - and most importantly the sacrifice of their own children - Euripides / Cocoynis created a drama that was once a story Politics and personal matters It touches on the most complex and subtle ethical problems facing any society: the horrific conflict between the needs of each individual and the society. In the case of Ephedonia, however, in the biblical story of Abraham and Isaac, his father asked to kill his own children with his own hands. What kind of god will confirm this payment? Could it be just morality or even being inspired by God? Finally, the death of the daughter's sacrifice is different from the death of every son and daughter sent to war? These are many in-depth questions caused by two-hour movies.
