The launch of TARZAN THE APE MAN in 1932 caused excitement. It may be difficult to believe that 70 years later, but this film has the same impact as THE MATRIX or THE LONDON OF THE RING can be achieved at a time when movies and radios are an important entertainment source. Tarzan becomes a pop icon immediately. 'The Highness of Fear' that every woman imagines and everyone desires to be The only person who is unhappy with this situation is Edgar Rice Burroughs, while he agrees with MGM's creative freedom and is happy with the cost of checking his royalties. His drama grows. ') Not faithful to his vision (he will start a production company and will soon create his own' Tarzan 'movie) MGM recognizes the value of being' The new 'newest know that the sequel will be even more exciting than the original ... and TARZAN and his partner would deliver <br /> <br /> The film is a story dating back interest; MGM's legendary art director Cedric Gibbons has been committed by the studio to direct the sequel before the release of TARZAN THE APE MAN, even though he had never directed it before. And do not think that the new director will be very important in the movie 'exotic' ... and they want to make the department leader who wins the Oscar happy.) Gibbons, a talented visual artist And imagine having loved the freedom of Hollywood in the pre-code era and decided to give TARZAN and his spouse 'Push the envelope' to the limit ... Tarzan and Jane will enjoy swimming, nude and Jane. Will appear on most screens of movies Maureen O'Sullivan said in an interview shortly before she died in 1998 that while being used twice for swimming, she trusted the studio and spent a few days in filming Headache, trying to place trees and fruits to protect the nipples and ideas were abandoned. (This film was filmed in those days that should be worth the fortune!) She made a nude nude scene in the tent, a summary of her 'swimming' and wearing a 'Jungle' dress that has been modified. There is some excitement and opening on the side ... and the outcry that will help 'create' the Hays office and self-censorship. Will soon swallow the whole industry. <br /> <br /> MGM draws Gibbons from production (the official 'reason' received is his work as an art director) and veteran Jack Conway Jersey was listed as the new director, critic ... though James C. Mackay will actually direct this movie because Conway is busy with 3 other projects in cluding VIVA VILLA! <br /> <br /> This film consists of the best elements of the original. (Safari tribal killings Tarzan fought wild animals to death to rescue Jane) and a narrative that Harry Holt (Neil Hamilton) from the first film return to Africa for ivory from the cemetery. Of elephants and trying to persuade Jane to return to England with gifts, silk dresses, lingerie and fragrances He brought Martin Arlington (Paul Cavanagh) to him, who was a crack and flirtatious sly, who mocked the pursuit of Holt's knight and followed her as a potential 'conqueror' (including When he was able to go out without being seen) <br /> <br /> Tarzan barely tolerated the invasion of his happy life with Jane and put his feet down. Will allow hunters to enter the cemetery Arlington found his chance, captured the only man Ape and shot him, then returned to the camp with a story invented by his death. Now, Jane has no reason to stay in the woods and she can take them to the cemetery before her long journey back to England with Arlington who is sympathetic. But the brutal tribes and distressing torture are waiting for the group ... Tarzan is able to return to health care by his 'family'. The monkey is recovering when he can help Jane. <br /> <br /> While Stock videos are widely used again. The race of the 30s is clear and the gorillas are actors in the TARZAN and HIS MATE monkey series, achieving unsurpassed levels of sophistication in other 'Tarzan' movies, including the sexy TARZAN erotic. Blatantly, APE MAN can't touch Johnny Weissmuller in the highest condition. Maureen O'Sullivan's body is not beautiful and 'Africa' never looks more romantic and dangerous. <br /> <br /> TARZAN and HIS MATE are victorious ( although Day is Modified for many years) and still be the classic of the series to this day!
