I heard from somewhere that Ossessione was the ancestor of the Italian film and was my favorite 'Giallo' ... but actually apart from the fact that this is a thriller created in Italy. Both are not involved at all. In the sixties and seventy, Italian film makers will get a reputation for tearing out almost every successful American movie story. They didn't do that, but Ossessione followed almost the same story in the American film 'The Postman Always Rings Twice', without James M. Cain, who wrote this book as a credit! However, the plot focuses on the handsome magician Gino Costa who accidentally stumbled upon a coffee shop where a woman named Giovanna Bragana worked. He soon realized that she was married to Giuseppe; Is an annoying person, the big fat that Giovanna couldn't bear to touch her He wants their partner to escape together. But she was not enthusiastic about this idea However, the fate intervened and her plan to kill her husband was successful ... <br /> <br /> Although the film lost some credibility because it didn't give credit Compose that its story is on It can be said that the director Luchino Visconti used the noir style in this film, and in the way I liked the atmosphere of this movie more and more with the classic American Noir. The story is as strong as you expected, and Visconti managed to pull out a good performance from his actors. Visconti dragged the film out a bit too much, and with the time spent nearly 135 minutes, I felt that the story was too thin to guarantee this length. I almost felt guilty of adjusting all this criticism at Ossessione because it was a good movie. But it's not a 'great' movie. The relationship between the two main characters has never been properly explored and it seems that this movie will make us distract from it instead of letting us go into the character's head. There is not much mystery in the plot because we always know what has happened and not always focus on the characters. This movie is not as interesting as it should be. Even so, it makes the look interesting and recommended for the reason that ... although not as good as James M. Cain, the same classic version of 1946
