Today's audience may watch movies like Ossessione and do not consider as never happened before when it came out. The structure of this film is different from the Hollywood sap-happy conventions and other important theatrical elements. It is based on drawing reality in a frightening and silent light. sedate This kind of movie - a new movie created to reflect the darkness after the Second World War Ossessione tackles some distracting problems that may not be seen on the screen before the war, including: adultery, conspiracy, murder Pregnant, etc. In addition to the image of a crane and the musical moments swollen, the beauty of the movie is quite raw and courageous: taken in places that use natural light and actors. The most unpopular. All of these elements help convey the issues explored in the film, with the following emphasis: The negative karmic effects will haunt those who deliberately commit immorality. <br /> <br /> Both sides bring Gino and Giovanna opposite the polar But both have ideas: we are bored and we want entertainment Gino is a vagrant. The only traveler who gathers life and constantly fluctuates. Giovanni is a boring home wife in a permanent marriage: she doesn't want to leave her house and husband. But wanting to stay there because she is safer than Gino's lifestyle, showing Giovanna's ideal lifestyle. The only difference is that she was too scared to live on her own. That's the reason she falls in love with Gino: He. Show everything you need But without the courage to get She wants to live in a world that is free from the monotony of living with her precious husband. Gino is the perfect ticket for this world. The relationship between the two audiences seems to be difficult. In the 40s, I mean, before the new era of movies, it was never really shown the scandalous behavior on the screen. If to say the least, it is a bit shocking. <br /> <br /> When combined with the theme, the Neolithic style will help reflect the negative effects of adultery behavior. Adultery (As shown in the movie) eventually leads to a life of depression and life. When Gino and Giovanna conspire to "get rid", Karma's husband Hannah comes to haunt them like an epidemic after the action is complete. They return to their home: the atmosphere is overcast and boring. (As expected from the Neorial style) they are not happy They are increasingly depressed. They thought of eliminating Giovanna's husband that they would have a happier life. But they were deceived The film ends with Giovanna's death. It is like the karma of the death of her husband. I think this is a very satisfying end for many reasons. This is the reason why <br /> <br /> There are many discussions about the evil that should appear on the screen and if so I think explaining that evil is absolutely necessary if the evil that appears is not regarded. But it shows that evil acts have a negative impact. As Ossessione's description asks, adultery and murder are bad things. I think the movie responds enthusiastically. Yes! Adultery behavior between the two shows how happy they are. Even so, at the end of this movie, when they seem to be healed from the depression and see the bass in each other's arms in the car, the author of this film shows that their happiness is in reality. façade: The car crashed off a cliff and into the river to kill Giovanna; Police arrested Gino I think it is the author's intention to say that although sometimes people try and demonstrate their immoral behavior in the end, karma will come back to haunt them. I agree. I think both The two get things that come to them because they are both selfish, unbelievable - want immediate satisfaction and refuse to endure all the time. This is clear, especially after the first signs of the hardships that Gino and Giovanni have experienced in their relationship: he is unable to cope with the pressure of living in the shadow of Giovanna's husband, so he Leaving Giovanna and sleeping with another woman This is a normal part of a personality that is not known enough and has faith in love. <br /> <br /> Overall, this movie seems to have a high risk at that time. However, the audience is ready to watch this movie because the war caused sobriety. The movie before the war, happy war and good luck, no longer believe. Viewers who go to the cinema are ready to watch and consider difficult movies with complex characters: they want to see the characters that their lives are involved in what is called 'sin' because it is a reflection of Their own life problems, so Ossessione served as a great catalyst for the future of the film. That is the nature that we see today. It can be said that it is influenced by the movement of new movies.
