When people today hear the 1940s drama, they often appear at close range, claiming that they are actors with great stars in sad and melancholic roles. However, this comment is not similar to the Neorealist movie, especially the film directed by Count Luchino Visconti OSSESSIONE, as he debuted once and was regarded as a true masterpiece. Still loved by some people and received much criticism from others The conflicting opinions about the movies that appeared in this 65 years seem to be due to the content of the movie. There has been much debate in the present and past times. At the same time, it depends on James M.'s novel. Cain The Postman, throughout the ring twice, is one of the most original screen adaptations that the director still maintains his own style, his own artistic perspective. I watched this movie twice and the second viewing gave me a very detailed analysis that I wanted to mention below. <br /> <br /> First, the movie of Visconti looks like Will touch all the psychology and actions that people may do In life, especially those who absorb the needs These people make tragic decisions despite the serious consequences they have to face. Gino (Massimo Girotti), a traveler with "Bear on the shoulder" appears at the junction of the motorway near Ferrara and into the tavern. Even though many people go to eat there, Gino gets something more - more: Giovanna's indomitable desire (Clara Calamai), a married woman and an old man who takes care of Mr Giuseppe's bar. Bragana) Her body and her music are totally his heart and from the moment of their first love they both plan to get rid of the old obstacles and create a new life together ... but there are people tied up. With the offense in front of your desire? Can people create love from murder? What is love and what is loyalty? Wishes lead to addictions, harm or even obsession? Such questions arose intensely while watching movies when reaching the core. The audience would get in-depth information about the characters. "We have to love each other intimately." Giovanni's answer seems to heal everyone who is guilty of conscience. But may need righteous love and cure all things? "It's not something we both want." Saying one of the pairs ... It happens that it's not. Therefore, the content of the movie looks very dangerous if not analyzed by intelligence and heart. <br /> <br /> Secondly, OSSESSIONE has a lot of strengths that speak to modern audiences: great moments and great movies that match the sequence. Memorize and power These things make the modern audience realize that movies that have been made for nearly 70 years are truly entertaining things. They range from tasteful erotic pictures to technical shots. Who can cross that time in Ferrara, where Gino meets the beautiful girl, the style of "Ragazza Perfetta" (the perfect girl), the dancer Anita and buy her ice cream? His wishes show him a completely different direction ... The audience is not interested in the first meeting of Gino-Giovanna? The first focus of the camera is on Giovanna's legs, which shows the erotic desire over Jino's love. The magic of the shooting is Gino and Giovanna, leaving their investigation rooms and their close shadows that bring our attention to the suspicious look. <br /> <br /> Third, OSSESSIONE can show the work. Superbly Actors supporting Massimo Girotti once said in an interview that working in this film is one of the hardest jobs he has ever done. But what came out was an impeccable performance He plays a male tiger torn in the desire to commit crime. But could not stand any items that reminded him of the victim, which shows the conscience His bioscience indicates the nature of Lo Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo), which he encountered in a very surprising situation in the train for Ancona Clara Kalami, who played the role after the famous Anna Magnani. Has refused to be suitable for the role and we may claim that there is a chemical reality between both of them They have a lot of confidence. In addition, I like Juan De Langa in the role of Bragana: He plays the old husband who does not love his wife and is also crazy for high art. In some of his most witty moments, he asked his wife to wash his back or walk on an empty road, sing opera, his favorite music after performing karaoke. <br /> <br /> In summary, we as Modern audience With the ability to view important aspects, must watch this movie objectively It is certainly an art, thanks to the various aspects mentioned above. It is also a powerful story. Is it education? Visconti is not a Fellini that says he doesn't carry any messages for humanity. In such cases, his movies will only entertain. (Of course, that's not Fellini's style as well). Visconti often has something to convey. He wants to say something here. Does this film resist bad marriage? Or is it against the wrongdoing of those who are obsessed with desire? The shocking moment finally speaks for itself. Although you don't have to agree with the vision, OSSESSIONE is an amazingly realistic movie that is one of the best 8/10 of Visconti.
