The first feature of Visconti is Ossessione, an adaptation of The Postman Always Rings Twice by James M. Cain. Now I'm not familiar with that book or in other movies, but I'm a big fan of Cain's Double Indemnity (more than I am a big fan of Billy Wilder's movie. Actually). Both novels seem to be very similar. Both were involved in an illegal love story in which a hungry wife complained to a morally weak man that her husband was worthless and meaningful to her. Giovanna, an Italian version of the woman, played very well. Clara Calamai was not born. Come evil like a wife in Double to pay damages. But it seems that she is losing a lot. Her husband (a great performance by Juan de Landa) is cruel to her. But she executed me as at least she would not compromise with him He is older than her and is not beautiful, so she is quite uncertain. When Gino appeared, the muscular young man took about five minutes to take him to bed. She sweats that she wants to be with him forever. But she stuck with her husband They broke up at first. But when they meet again, they (Obviously this is an ambiguous intent). Plan to kill the husband. They succeeded and they moved back to the woman's hometown to go to a bar owned by her husband. Gino is very enthusiastic about this. He wants Giovanna, but one thing he certainly doesn't want is sitting in one place for the rest of his life. Their relationship quickly fell. Ossessione is a very complex movie with complex characters. It's always interesting But it took too long In two hours and twenty-two minutes, I can't think of how long it takes! Partly because of the neuroscientist's stylist that Visconti had invented in this film It was the first movie to receive that award. We saw a lot of action as long as it was in real life without rushing to the next planning point. I've seen many movies of Visconti, and the only thing I like more than this is Rocco and His Brothers (1960). His direction is as great as it used to be, with the camera having great moves and corrections. perfect I also felt the need to point out the best performance of the movie by Dhia Christiani as an exotic (dancer) and part-time prostitute Anita, which Gino met after he started trying to separate himself from Giovanna. She was just in the movie. This story may be five or six minutes and she has only a few lines. It's shocking that Visconti and Christiani can do with this character in a short time. She was definitely heartbroken 9/10
