Ossessione adapted loosely (or if loose or close to the version I saw of James M. Cain's The Postman Always Rings Twice twice with Jack Nicholson and Jessica Lange. I'm not sure) by director Luchino Visconti. Less prominent with the wrong use of the music scene. (Both dead and not dead) and acting. I don't know what to expect Whistelt to do with the object after seeing La Terra Trema and seeing that sometimes his political motives sneak a little. But this is a drama that is full of characters and emotions with borders on the subject of melodrama. (Without the need for less enchanting conventions) and with the style in the best path of the Noir Visconti film movement, creating a related launch Like all other genres related to truth, Neo-realism can claim right because this is an ancestor (along with The Children Are Watching Us), which will form after the war. Although love and romance are played here more than in the more famous new attempt But it is related to nudity and it is linked to other familiar themes in neo realism, desperation) <br /> <br /> In addition to the stories that are just as described on the website This art that Visconti captures and layers them with objects. (Gino Costa's profile shawl when in the wrong) The shadows and darkness that tend to overcome various scenes in the movie (generally Gian and Giovanna) and the feeling of Italian roads in many external scenes. Domenico Scala and Alotonti (Which will be filmed by Rossellini and Fellini) helping to see the image of Ossessione, which usually moves into the character and stops reading the cute emotions and their gestures Ugly, sad and dark and romantic I think I have scratches on the surface of how powerful it is while I am moving the film, even though I'm afraid of the future of both sides. Both leading actors (Massimo Girotti and Clara Calamai) show the emotion, attractiveness, truth and perseverance nearby, and important supporters are not qualified. <br /> <br /> It's a great modification. Great, and it points out that it is a sign that stands out for what will happen to Visconti in his career.
