Watching "Ossessione" today - more than 6 decades later - is still a powerful experience, especially for those interested in film history and especially how Italian filmmakers change movies forever ( From "Ossessione" and "I Bambini Ci" Guardano "Both 1943 to 20 years later with Fellini, Antonio, Pasolini) Visconti makes the best director using the plot (uncredited) of" The Postman Always Rings Twice "is a line In developing the theme /> <br /> his own, it gives us the impression <br even today, "Ossessione" was filmed Fascist Italy during World War II. (Think about it !!) It shows the scenes and themes that make this movie to be banned from the cinema immediately and the fact that it uses the plot of the famous American novel and without copyright does not help. <br /> <br /> "Ossessione" reveals the time of war in Italy fiercely. (Far from Italy, the ideal that appeared in the film "Telefoni Bianchi" of fascism); But it has a lot of courage in straightforward sex with a big shirt. Gino (Massimo Girotti, who brought Brandow's Kowalski in "A Streetcar Named Desire"), received Giovanna (Clara Calamai), a married woman who went to bed. Just 5 minutes meet. We watched a disrespectful story which is the true story of Calamai and the homosexual affair between Gino and Lo Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo), an attractive actor. His face is no different from Pierre Clémenti that was shot by the Nazis. In the year 1945!) ... in a few more Words: sex, greed, greed and relentless poverty like before in Italian movies <br /> <br /> All copies of "Ossessione" were destroyed after opening - it was called scandalous and immoral. Visconti And when the film was released again after the war, most critics call it the front runner of the previous Neo-Realist Movement, Rossellini's "Roma CIttà Aperta" of Rossellini and De Sica's "Sciuscià". Other critics may be more appropriate to see "Ossessione" while Italy and "Realistic poetry" of French movies (Remember that Visconti had been a Renoir's assistant), especially Marcel Carné's "Quai des Brumes" and "Le Jour se Lève" and Julien Duvivier's "Pépé le Moko". <br /> <br /> While "Ossessione" may be a Neo-Realistic in visual language (depiction of life in the war era in Italy, with popular trade shows, poverty, child labor, prostitutes, cheating, cheating, etc.), characters And the theme is definitely a Viscontian. He is interested in a tragic character, passionate, passionate in society / politics / branding. Separate the skin color in the degraded matter of the upper class rather than the characters and themes "Realistic" daily life, which is supported by DeSica and Rossellini in "Ossessione". We have discovered the elements of drama and tragedy that have been developed later in many of his films, especially "Senso" (important departure. Of Visconti from Neo-Realist aesthetics) and "Rocco e Suoi Fratelli" ... even in the "Neo" movie "La Terra Trema". True, his fishermen increased from day-to-day characters into numbers. In the legend <br /> <br /> "Ossessione" is a great opportunity to confirm the theory of great artists. The body of the work method analyzes and develops specific themes and concerns over and over again from their first, final opus, whether the scene, background or time setting may change - Visconti may Play with frame The essence of his art is recurring, not to be missed. "Ossessione": You will be obsessed with powerful and powerful movies.
