There I sat alone in my flat on Saturday night with the option of watching CITIZEN X or the Eurovision Song Contest and for the benefit of Americans reading this, I would explain that TESC is an annual event. At musicians from various countries across Europe And Asia Minor have a song contest At the end of the country vote contest to see what the best song is. It is a less exciting contest that is heard and may not be as shocking as I say that singing and songwriting is not the skill of Lennon and McCartney, and I should fix something in the first sentence of this review because the word "Choices" are misleading because they are music lovers. I do not see TESC. In any situation, <br /> <br /> I sit down to accumulate credits for CITIZEN X, expecting a serial killer to work. Remember, each with a manufacturer. But I will make everyone misunderstand, calling it Obviously, within the first 10 minutes of the CITIZEN X survey, what the movie did was point to the failure of communism: "The serial killer! This is the Soviet Union. The successive killers can exist in the degenerate imperialist capitalism. "This ludicrous attitude goes far beyond denial. Sitting in a frozen train station, keeping an eye on the suspects that might have happened while wearing a police jacket because it's a warm coat that he has! And of course, every suspect who was a member of the Communist Party was released without questioning which would ultimately affect the deceased. All of this was done very well since we showed that it was a system of communist parties that were under trial. But about two-thirds of the use through CITIZEN X, we found ourselves in the 1990s because the Communists were in the final leg and there was a police investigation reform. At this point that the film is quite uninteresting due to lack of The political commentary and the film became the movie for the average person. But don't let it cause you to slip. CITIZEN X is a genius thriller shown by the actor, especially Donald Sutherland as the police chief. <br /> <br /> Strange enough, a few years ago I read what was written. By celebrity The criminologist Colin Wilson, in which he said something along the lines of the serial killer, allowed himself to be caught saying that they would be the focus of the media spotlight and I found myself almost Sympathetic to the party leader who denied that Soviet Union. After all the media were controlled by the party and everyone who was too old to listen to the Moscow radio or read the English translation of Pravda would know that the Soviet Union reported only one matter, such as harvesting, harvesting Produced coal and thanked letters from Afghanistan, Cuba, etc. Soviet aid The concept of being a serial killer in the communist system is unreasonable. But I guess if the tree fell into the remote Siberian forest, it would still sound, even if no one heard it.
