I remember following Andre Chicatillo's case in the newspaper while I was living in South Africa. They have photos of him sitting in his cage while being prosecuted in court. Not as it appeared to protect the court members But to protect him from the public This is fascinating, even as a reader. Later, I heard that this movie was created by HBO about this case. But it's done for American TV nemesis! Surprisingly, CITIZEN X received limited screenings in South Africa. I jumped to the complex Ster Kinekor building and bought a ticket. (I'm alone, my girlfriend at that time is interested in STEEL MAGNOLIAS and FRIED GREEN TOMATOES) Wow! Is a great movie Why isn't it open for a wider audience? If it wasn't created for the TV, it might have been nominated for an Oscar or 2. There was no way to make the ending. Who is the murderer will not be kept from the audience? Jeffrey DeMunn shows a truly terrifying mental image. He was calmly considered as a failure of his wife and was mocked and humiliated by his boss at work. He will feel strong and powerful. <br /> <br /> The fight to catch him at every opportunity is an excellent pathologist played by Stephen Rea in one of his strongest performances. He had to fight with the snail of the Russian bureaucracy, which was the original resource he managed, and his superiors refused to accept that the Soviet Union had a serial killer. General responsible person (Joss Ackland) said that the serial killer is a "Western degradation phenomenon". Only Donald Sutherland is willing to help. But his help must be under the counter The clever Max von Shadow plays a Russian psychiatrist who destroys the protocol and decides to help the investigator on a quest. It is the first time in Russian history that stands for the creation of a profile of a serial killer that is still loose and he has everything to lose if his involvement is publicly disclosed. <br /> <br /> CITIZEN X is good at writing, good writing and music and editing, increasing the tension and style of the movie only. The excellent support from Imelda Staunton that is poor and the true sense of punishment will make CITIZEN X a worthy movie to watch. This is too good to create for a TV.
