The spectacular seventeen-minute dance sequence of George Gershwin's orchestral piece in 1928 "The American in Paris" is a controversial masterpiece. The design is uncompromising precision and flair by Gene Kelly. The lively combination of colors, music and dance is still surprisingly eye-catching, as the pieces are divided into scenes inspired by Selected artists - Dufy in the Utrillo flower market on the Paris Rousseau street at the Vincent Van Gogh fair in the masterpiece of Place de l'Opera and Toulouse-Lautrec for the Moulin Rouge that Kelly wore a white bodysuit at The celebrated his 97 minutes ago This is an exciting ending soon. But there is some charm in watching the 1951 Oscar-winning musical. <br /> <br /> Director Vincente Minnelli and the screenwriter Alan J Lerner is a surprisingly complex form, if a little romantic story focuses on Jerry Mulligan, a former GI who remained in Paris after the end of World War II, trying to make a living in As a painter With the Braunachio dance style and his sporty dance style, Gene Kelly can show annoying and annoying attitude as the screen personality. But he seems to find that he is eager to become Jerry The plot of the love triangle focuses on Jerry's involvement with Milo Roberts, a self-proclaimed art patron. But being a sex hunter when talking about young artists On their first day in the Montmartre nightclub with a lot of people, Jerry fell in love with Lise, a young woman who became Henri's fiancé, a professional actor and friend of Jerry's Adam. Romantic complications occur inevitably until the end. But not before the performance of many classic Gershwin songs. <br /> <br /> The best thing about these songs is the most imitating - faux river romance - Seine in the cloudy fog. With yellow fog lights The way Kelly and Leslie Karon surrounded each other was great as they approached each other in the first place, then synchronized the songs that led to the final hug. A few films show two beautiful people falling in love with a beautiful and concise "I Got Rhythm" and "S'Wonderful" Kelly's spotlight dancing and a pleasant singing while "hugging you" dancing. Impressively by Caron in the editing of the five scenes of all the descriptions of Lise to Henri Adam, designed to show Caron's dance versatility. The sequence is similar to "On the Town" at Vera-Ellen. Show her dancing skills when Kelly's sailor character describes the diverse vision of Miss Turnstiles. <br /> <br> Caron's 19-year-old girl Lise (in her first movie) dances superbly and manages her role with charm. That does not change with her acting ability that will not bloom for many years Nina Fak looks older as Milo, who is influential and well managed for us to take care of her fate while Oscar Levant is only a miserable person as Adam. The elegant performance "I will create a Stairway to heaven" George Queret plays as Henri so you feel bad that he lost the woman at the end. This is not the best MGM music. But there is enough magic movies to make it worth it. The 2000 DVD has a fairly pure print. But there is special in terms of special
