What makes the best picture material? The Oscars have entered a number of awards for overpriced low-priced glasses and omitted "caregivers" that will be deified in the past decade. Not because Hollywood is against the art or creativity. The Academy Awards are an industry choice, and that's why at least in the classical era, they often reward the greatest cooperation. The most exciting meeting of creativity <br /> <br /> The Arthur, an independent unit at MGM, has been striving for glory, winning an Oscar for many years by this point; It was only a matter of time before Freed received help from his strongest director, Vincente Minnelli and the best performing musical actor in the business. Freelance has made more content to elevate the status of music more than anyone else, creating pictures that taffy stories and songs together without losing the lively musical phenomenon of the 30s. The issue of independent musical drama is the lyrics of the song which Unlike Hammerstein or Lerner, there is no need to tell or relate to the story. The important thing is the sound of the music and how to present it with the structure of the movie. <br /> <br /> Americans in Paris are the first of three independent musicals. (The other two stories are Xin Rain, The Rain and The Band Wagon) which bring the existing numbers from their original context and make them work on completely irrelevant matters. Words are not suitable for the plot. But the routine works on the show, so when Gene Kelly sings I Got Rhythm, he never has a girl. But the way in which the French children participate is a part of the character and the refinement and dance that makes the film slightly elevated It needs this point. Americans in Paris use the rules to break the rules that are allowed to add strange exotic little flights to tell stories like the dance dress that comes with the description of the character Leslie Karon. br /> <br /> And the better director for this project is Minnelli, a painter and pianist. At this time, no one has a better feeling for Technicolor, while some directors will make each scene saturate in one color or fill the screen with a clash of shades. Minnelli's color scheme has been carefully controlled. tightly But never forced In the opening scene, the sound is quite muted. But not boring and especially without red During the meeting of Oscar Levant and Georges Guetary at the coffee shop, there will be a bright shade of color. Then, in the first stage of the musical "By Strauss" Minnelli slowly brought the red splash to the tablecloth, a bunch of roses? Until it finally dominated as if the song awakened the color tone of the image For most songs, colors are designed to be as complex as the general ones. However, in some numbers, such as "Tra-la-la", he uses the original shades and opens the space instead when the music is louder and the characters become more lively. <br /> <br /> The Achilles' American heels in Paris is the story of it. Personally, I found that the romantic corner, especially not delicious, played like it was the final cheers for the love story of the women who reigned supreme in the 30s; Women who are stubborn and independent are rejected, while the gentle and delicate women are harassed by their love for the hero. Even if you don't think it is difficult to connect emotions with the story because it is constantly overshadowed by music and dance. Compare this with Singin 'in the Rain, which doesn't have many wonderful routines or memorable scenes like the Americans in Paris. But it has a winning story. Singin 'in the Rain was overlooked at the 1952 Oscar, but is considered a classic of the genre today. But sometimes I think people forget that movies are a form of visual entertainment that not only covers But is a storytelling method Americans in Paris are not deep or involved or torn, but like DeMille, who received the highest award in the following year, of course it was a great performance.
