Parsifal (1982) starring Michael Kutter, Armin Jordan, Robert Lloyd, Martin Sperr, Edith Clever, Aage Haugland and Reiner Goldberg's voice, Yvonne Minton, Wolfgang Schone, director Hans-Jurgen Syberberg. <br /> <br /> Straight Coming out of the German film school, which is a popular symbol and Ingmar Bergmanesque surrealism, the film comes from Wagner-Parsifal's final masterpiece film written to be consistent with Friday / Easter and Bayreuth's dedication. Opera House This movie Follow the music score and the correct plot But the manner in which it was filmed and performed was courageous and avant-garde, and without Parsifal, others wore a crown in a strange movie. Syberberg is known for controversial movies. Before this film, he screened movies about Hitler and popular Nazis, Richard Wagner and anti-Semitism, and a documentary about Winifred Wagner, one of his daughters. This movie may interfere with many aspects of Parsifal (sung by Reiner Goldberg but served by Michael Kutter) as a man throughout the first part of the film. After that, after the kissing of Kundry became a woman's charm. This sex-bending element represents the nature of femininity / male / female-yang of the Holy Grail's quest to serve all mankind and redeem it through the blood of Christ. In the fortress of the wizard, Klingsor has a terrifying portrait of Hitler, Nietzche, Cosima Wagner, and Matilde Wesendock of Wagner. The Swaztika flag hangs outside the Parsifal fortress, traveling to the 19th and 20th centuries throughout the Maidens. Tempting in the nude Kundry is a beautiful image, but Mary Magdalene or Eve from Genesis. (Played by Edith Clever but sung by mezzo-soprano In the end, this movie is intended for fans of German / European bizarre symbols metafiction and for intellectuals who like history symbols and opera lovers Wagner. Indeed, the singing is great and interesting. Reiner Goldberg's Parsifal is a strong and intense voice. But lacking the depth and greatness of the great Parsifals of the stage - James King, Wolfgang Windgassen, Rene Kollo and Placido Domingo. Yvone Minton is currently exciting and exciting Kundry by delving into the status Who tortured her perfectly While the unorthodox production certainly was not possible, Wagnerian (Wagner's concept was Christian Pomp, a ritual with Grails, spears, castles, knights and wounded kings, dark magicians, darkness became light .it still Is a fun home movie
