This is a great movie to watch or show to young people. In addition to the short nude scenes, it gives an interesting glimpse into colonial rule in Africa that you rarely find in other films. It has similarities, superficial to Out of Africa, but without romantic fluff. The white French people in Cameroon are fascinating because they do not see the native people as people. White people are all bosses and they expect black slavery without questions. However, unlike true servants, you only once heard white people say 'thank you' and there is no other thing for these people. Repeatedly, it is like a pet or a slave, because the feelings of the people have never been considered. <br /> <br /> The main illustration of this unconscious is the relationship between Emmie and her servant Protée. Although sometimes they spend a lot of time together and it is normal for them to begin to have sexual feelings, white women never think of Protée or the existence of their feelings. A good example of this innocence was when she was wearing Protee's dress and apparently he was very sexually disappointed. In addition to this relationship, while almost all white people do not care about the fact that African people are few people who insult and treat them like garbage, <br /> <br /> Interest is relationship During Protée and the little girl (who was originally grown in the beginning and the end of the movie) while they were very close, sometimes he was like a toy or a pet and the girl never played with a native child. <br /> <br /> There is a strange white character that seems to be sometimes considered better than blacks. Unfortunately, his character is inconsistent and confused. For a moment, he worked hard alongside blacks or eaten with them. (Some things that other white people never did) and later he tried to beat Protée! I can only guess that what motivates him - perhaps he is just a jerk or a madman, or maybe a person who harassed the Communists trying to motivate black people to fight with white people (who knows!) In reality. In addition to a few good scenes, this character looks quite empty. <br /> While I am happy with the insights that this film gives, I hope it will be more than a character. A little of this world Through the perspective of a child in a certain period of her life The context and what happened to get rid of colonial countries has never been resolved, and this film makes me want more. This film started in the early 1980s (since she wore a Walkman-style headset) and when the film goes back in time, it seems that the film will be screened around 1960 (more or less) but not Used to mention Violence against colonialism in the 1950s or the independence of the country in the early 1960s. I guess some confusion might be due to the confusion of the filmmaker and SHOULD started this film earlier. (Like the 1970s) and letting women think of her life there in the early 1950s - before the country experienced political change. <br /> <br /> In addition to the brides Lost and confusing at various times using the prologue and epilogue that show her that as an adult traveling to that country is a good idea And I admire the ending because it is a pleasant surprise when you search for more information about a good man who offers her horse riding services. But overall, it feels like something is missing - there is no resolution or any other text except to show that colonialism is without thought and cruel.
