I don't know anything about Chocolat before I watch. I don't know anything about stories, actors, directors or anything about the history of the movie. All I know is that it's a famous French movie. If I knew more, I might not have seen the picture with an open mind. On paper, evidence is not interesting for me if I know that Chocolat is about any time in advance. My interests while watching are limited. However, knowing the story helps me enjoy it. Throughout the past, I have no clue where the story will go. What will the characters do and what is the end result? If not, otherwise it is not a predictable movie. Of course, it may be according to the story in the past. The storytelling in the events that occur frequently is a risk for the filmmakers. Since the main character appears today, the audience knows that she will live. By using backward techniques, director Claire Denise can convince the audience that young girls make adults without serious physical damage, causing the audience to feel that Chocolat is more emotional than outside. The lesser filmmakers will make one of the fading faces of France screaming in a confused and unusual childhood. Denise proposes France as a beautiful, beautiful person outside. <br /> <br /> It may be argued that Chocolat is more about the mother of France because she has time to show. More than this, although I believe that finally about France For me, the thing about Chocolat is the mother's actions that affect her daughter. It's about parents' behavior towards their children. France was not destroyed by the actions of the mother in the story. But the actions of the mother clearly made the impression in France. If France is not affected by the actions of her mother, the story will not be relevant. <br /> <br /> For a movie about two periods in the past and the present, Chocolat is a very good rhythm. Excess fat There are no scenes that feel irrational or out of place. This film has a good rhythm, a sharp correction, leaving only what is needed to tell the story. With stories told, editing and organizing, the Chocolat is one of the better French movies I've ever seen. It is responsible for the launch of Claire Denise's career and for good reason: it is an incredible debut.
