Claire Denis' Chocolat, located in the Cameroons in West Africa in 1950, is a poetic tone with beautiful photographs and emotional reflections that illustrate the effects of colonialism that is dying in young families during the last year. Of French rule The theme is similar to the latest Nowhere in Africa, although the movie has a vastly different scope and significance. This film tells from the perspective of an adult traveling back home abroad. France Dalens (Mireille Perrier) A young woman traveling through Cameroon, recalling her childhood when her father (Francois Cluzet) was a government official in France. And she has a warm friendship with the pilgrimage Protée (Isaach de Bankolé). However, the heart of the film revolves around the mother of Aimée (Giulia Boschi) of France and love / fear. Protée despise her seems to be an unspoken sexual tension that /> <br /> households out into <br public and private. The family white room is private and has limitations for everyone except the Protée working in the house, while the servants are forced to eat and shower outdoors, revealing a bare bronze figure staring at the family. White It was clear when her husband Mark (François Cluzet) went out to do business that Aimée and Protée were sexually attracted. But the rules of society prevent it from being accepted openly. In one sequence, she invited him into her bedroom to help her wear a dress, and both staring at each other's pictures in the mirror with a challenging eye in their eyes, knowing that any interaction was <br /> <br /> <br /> The French boy (Cecile Ducasse) builds a bond with the contractor by feeding him from her plate while he shows her how to eat the ants and take her up. On the shoulder At night under the night sky. The true nature of the relationship between the servants was clear when France instructed Protée to interrupt the conversation with the teacher and immediately take her home and when Protée stood by her at the dinner table waiting for her next command. Lost the propeller and forced to land in the nearby mountains, the crew and passengers had to move into the area until there were replacement parts Each visitor expressed disdain for one African, the owner of a wealthy coffee garden, bringing the remaining food from the kitchen to the black mistress hidden in his room (Jean-Claude Adelin). The arrogant French white man, racial balance when he uses the shower outside to eat with servants and taunts. Aimée is about attracting Protée to take her to the final emotional confrontation with the person. /> <br /> chocolat serve as autobiographical as <br loosely adapted from memories of childhood, and it was directed to walk slowly and mystery as well as a separate territory in which it was filmed. Denis points out the effects of colonialism without having to preach or make romantic characters. There are no victims or coercists. There are no good people easily. Protée is a servant. But he was also a guardian, like when he stood guard over the bed that Aimée and her daughter slept to protect them from rampant dogs It is a sad fact that Protée is treated like a boy and unlike men. But Bankolé absorbed his personality with honor and height that reduced pain. Western audiences may have to work hard to appreciate the movie fully and Denise is not in the phrase of Roger Ebert "Our Emotional Coach". The truth of Chocolat is in the position and eyes that touch the quiet desire in the heart. our
