Andy Goldsworthy, a Scottish artist, presents natural materials to temporary artworks, gathering stones into oval caves, filling rock pools along the river with hot flowers and stitching thorns and twigs into intricate web forms. Some original works and photos of his other creative works are hidden in the corner of the Southampton Art Gallery. (Close to where I live) but even though I found these interesting pieces, I realized that the Goldsworthy event watched the new film of Rivers and Tides. <br /> <br /> Thomas Reidelsheimer's movie With beautiful instrumental music by Fred Frith bringing Goldsworthy and his art back to life again by showing artists at work. The opening scene captures the fragments of ice into a thread like a snake on the tree stump. Working with his teeth and bare hands, Goldsworthy is a beautiful and never before crafted work. More recently, this delicate sculpture will melt away with the Nova Scotia sunshine. This scene is one of the most beautiful movies. But the breadth and creativity of Goldsworthy's work is remarkable. Reidelsheimer Demonstrating success and failure, capturing the frustration of broken parts before it is complete, including the glory of those who shine, even if it takes only a few minutes, minutes or seconds. <br /> < br /> himself gave a narrative. Goldsworthy spoke slowly but thought about the style in his work. He made him want to work with nature alone in it and to understand it through trying to work with natural materials even if they worked with him. Sometimes he goes down to earth and has a sense of humor. Sometimes he struggles to show his purpose? Something that is quite understandable when seeing his amazing work directly. The name 'rivers and currents' is becoming more and more relevant as we see natural materials through the hands of artists flowing from one form to another. The creation and dissolution of Goldworthy's work is a remarkable work of art. <br /> <br /> Although Goldsworthy works with a wide range of materials and covers the entire region of North America and Europe in this movie, fatigue; It gives the same feeling of fatigue that I received when I spent too long in an art gallery and struggling to get something new. A short time we were introduced to the family and hometown of Andy is everything that makes his art long. However, Reidelsheimer Worked greatly in Goldsworthy photography and his creative work is set in a wider environment, from the winding rivers of Canada to the rainy hills in Scotland. This film ended with casting from the world and snow into the sky. The pattern of disappearing from the dust even when dispersed into the air This is an expression of pure beauty that can be found in the works of this remarkable artist.
