I admit that during the first 20 minutes of this film, I'm not sure I had to sit and watch the whole story. Like everyone else, I found it quite boring and I didn't expect to see this hour and half of this guy's look biting and sticking it together. However, if you sit to create his first work long enough to see the finished product, you will get an idea of ​​how impressive the rest of the film is. I think it's a sad story that a lot of people find that this is impossible, boring or a comment that other artists do. <br /> <br /> Rivers and currents are quiet studies. Of Andy Goldsworthy's art and some methods which make his art work out of things in nature in general, resulting in the parts being burned naturally as usual Entropy process It moves slowly and does not stand out. But I think many of the issues of this movie are to show that Goldsworthy's art does not need any acting to be appreciated. I've heard people complain that they often talk about the whole story rather than just letting their nature and art speak for themselves, which I think is crazy. <br /> <br /> In many ways There are people complaining about the CD that comes with the lyrics written inside. Many musicians think that their music should mean what the audience wants to be meaningful, without the musicians performing the correct lyrics. I think I am the type who believes that I want to know that art. What are you trying to do? To accomplish with his or her art I can still get what I want, even though I know what it should do. I can understand that I don't want to hear him talk through movies. In the end, he lost his mind and found himself unable to explain his work more than once. But if you don't want Goldsworthy talking about his art while you watch movies, turn off the sound if you don't want to know what musicians are singing and want to interpret their own words. <br /> <br /> Think of Andy Goldsworthy's work, which I didn't know before. Watching this movie is very impressive and I'm glad that this movie was created to show it. Indeed, because his work is not a form that can be transported into the studio, photography is the only media that can be displayed in movies and I greatly appreciate seeing his art and methods. Only using natural things Whether you like certain aspects of how to present this movie or not, Goldsworthy's work is moving enough to overlook because this film is not a star. And due to lack of music or even the smallest special effects and slow moving nature of the movie, it seems to me that director Thomas Riedelsheimer knows that
