Zero Zero has a purpose and this is not just entertainment. It sends messages about filming in specialized schools. Chart the lives of two friends. Andre and Cal lead to attacks in their high school. <br /> <br /> While the film begins in a rather unassuming manner. But the sudden announcement of an attack in the amateur teen style followed by a brief confrontation with the boy family Shortly before we started doing business with children, showing us that they had accumulated their love-fetish guns, sprawling imaginations, periodic narcissism, and even in the controversial scenes of creating pipe bombs. <br /> <br /> What movies are you trying to say? What inspired the killer soon Seems difficult to identify Of course, they do not encounter cold-blooded psychosis. But they are planning a truly brutal action This makes me feel that genius is part of Zero day. Cal and Andre talk about what they are at different levels all the time. What are the rest of us and how are they? How can 'leave us behind' like the Columbine killer? They feel truly superior. As well as the confidence of Nietzsche Res and the values ​​system of Andre seems to be caused by the rejection of their society But we have just received a glimpse of this thing, an expression of hate for popular athletes like So where is the inspiration? What I feel is that Coccio shows that both people are desperate to show their superior power. But there is still no suitable place for it So they turned to the massacre and what would make them more interested than they knew. This is the reason why in some gun schools, it can be done cruelly even from a stable love house. Murder is a part of fantasy. Cal and Andre are totally in their imagination. They almost fail to see the reality of the action. They change their imagination into a tragedy. <br /> <br /> The most fascinating thing in this film is the development of characters and their reliance on Cal and Andre. Andre is throughout the story, revealing that the leadership of both Cal's embrace for his behavior and costume seems to be forced. Andre is embarrassed. Andre is serious and serious. He completely avoided other people except his family. He was meticulous and precise about everything he did and while it appeared that the prime mover in the plan to attack the school. Even though he was fond of his own style, he did not embrace the nonsense of teenagers and in some parts we felt compelled to agree with him. But these moments were destroyed by Andre's violence towards us. Cal, on the other hand, seemed more relaxed than Andre than accepting more truth. But he is a person who stands out in his own way We have a personal moment of introspection with a video diary of Cal, the scene when he is alone and apart from Andre. It seems that Kal is struggling with his own personal demons and using their plans to drive them out. Andre is jealous of Cal who goes to a party with an old friend. He wants Cal to approach himself, comfort Andre, and encourage him. For the first time in his life, it seems that Andre will find someone who believes in him and those who admire him can not lose, while Cal finds someone who offers him a solution. <br /> < br /> This film accelerates and develops when it comes to a horrible conclusion. Had a great time when Cal attended a dance school in high school Suddenly the stars of the movie were shy and unfit for his friends. But we tend to feel more connected with Cal than with the evil crowd loudly screaming of children and youth while drinking heavily in a limo They are all episodes that are too common and known. We didn't want to involve them when it ended and Cal returned with Andre preparing a video in our final episode quietly. We like the characters to feel safe again in the fantasy world they created. We feel like escaping the masses as they have. <br /> <br /> The last scene is the ultimate. The final video saw Andre and Cal armed in the car before being attacked. It is too real and creates a feeling of imminent punishment. Knowing that we know Cal and Andre and are realizing that they are actually doing it with a terrifying passion, we still enjoy the movie. <br /> <br /> The massacre in fashion, CCTV is Sometimes shocking And while it is the absolute perfect choice to depict the massacre, if we arrive it is not a flaw The most important thing is the sudden change in the sudden perception that we have with Cal and Andre. When looking at them in this person, suddenly they are the stubborn murderers that we know of them. will become It is violent and true. Our heroes have become monsters and the reality in their imagination is a terrible tragedy that causes them to lose everything. <br /> <br /> The last scene shows. That the teenagers are shooting the cross Andre and Cal disgusted that they were recognized by Andre and Cal. We can feel sad almost forever, and of course they don't win anything. <br /> <br /> Day Center This is what the media people are. It is a study of characters that should be worth touching.
