A couple of years ago I bought (And enjoy) DVD MGM double the Kolchak TV movie, two stories THE NIGHT STALKER (1971) and THE NIGHT STRANGLER (1972). When the Universal series of television series later came out, I intend to buy immediately. - But the rumors of playing with the scary DVD-18 made me unable to add it to my collection. Recently, I submitted an online order consisting of a multipurpose box set, a discount and a purchase decision. KOLCHAK 3-Discer as well <br /> <br /> Watch now, I can say that I can't. Do not regret the crime / horror series (if short lived) Beloved: It may follow the formula as a standard-journalist, Karl Colcick, cunning and witty, an actor led by Carr. The Great Rain Mac Gavin Oakland, a long-time repressed colleague, a number of dictators, a number of monsters and many villains face an inevitable threat. (And often is supernatural) only But eventually being pressured to keep his story Inspired by famous guest stars and the credits behind the impressive filming) make the show very enjoyable. <br /> <br /> That said the quality varies in each episode and A bit more budget afforded. They result in speci al and makeup effects which can sometimes cause it to be desired. (For example, werewolves in this bar list and crocodile alligator creatures in the last period) - not to mention the fact that these programs are limited to 50 minutes and are intended for family consumption in boots rather limited to Simple and useful alfresters of interesting psychological and metaphysical themes. (In the case of a werewolf again, he never saw anyone biting at all. But rather stupid! <br /> <br /> While the heroic storytelling of the hero can do many things to pull one thing into a dreamy land But there is a relief of the humor involved in each episode (often but not specifically) revolving around the relationship of McGavin Jack Grinnage, the scary reporter - will not say anything about the sensible atmosphere. (Mostly Chicago) and suspicion to make driving more satisfying, with scores bounced by Gil Melle 'and Jerry Fielding <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> for saving the monster at Kolchak Meet (but not always defeat) throughout the series: revived Jack the Ripper, various cult (Aztec Native American Cult) aliens, vampires, werewolves (around it - familiar With this concept, especially when cruise-lining!), Doppelganger Setanta creatures, mass, power, robotics, apeman, witches, headless motorcyclist, succubus, armored knights who murdered his own life. (Now may be the best supporting role - featuring John Dener Emhardt), Helen Of Troy (!) And some crocodile actors (other than those played by Kolchak's colleagues) come back in Same role - Keenan, William and Ramon Bieri (both as a legal officer), John Fidler (As a tavern attendant) of the hero. If I was pressed, choose the best episode. (Or the most entertaining) I will lean towards fear in heights (co-starred by Phil Silvers and Abraham Sofaer) and those who mention KNURLYLY MURDERS - the weakest and then go to THE WEREWOLF (due to the reason I have already explained) and CHOPPER (according to the story written by Robert Zemeckis and Bob Gale!) <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this set doesn't have any extras: it would be nice to see features that talk about Many concepts involved in KOLCHAK: THE NIGHT STALKER, including the series, enters the context of TV being the original broadcast episode, or even describing the lasting influence that it has on the popular endless sci-fi series. Current In fact, Kolchak himself - in a visibly younger and darker mask - clearly came back in revival in 2005; This model is available at a DVD rental store in my area ... but for many reasons, I'm not sure I want to check it soon after 1974-5 Classic!
