It was a real shame that this TV series was inspired by movies created for the TV "The Night Stalker" and "The Night Strangler" that lasted only one season and the twentieth episode, because the best program is frequent. time The winning combination and the high entertainment of cynical humor (Karl Kolchak's verbal competition, spells competing with Tony Vincenzo, editors irritated and agonizing throughout the treatment to watch and hear), clever writing, Men Supernatural, great in "The Spanish Moss Murders" "The Sentry" and "Horror in the Heights" and you won't miss out on the awesome favorite game of the terrifying Try''true, such as zombies, vampires, werewolves and witches). Colorful characters. A lively show from the raft of the top guests (Legendary biker flick icon William Smith has very little chance to deal with the lead hero in "The Energy Eater", while other episodes are very experienced actors like Keenan Wynn, John Fiedler John. Dehner, Severn Darden, and William Daniels in a juicy role, a powerful moment of genuine suspicion (The culmination of "The Spanish Moss Murders" is especially harrowing) and the best of all. McGavin in a form that is full of fun, aggression and alertness. But in general, a courageous and honest man in Chicago, the newspaper reporter Karl Kolchak in Illinois <br /> <br /> Kolchak is the main protagonist of the 70s. A friend who is witty and witty. Strong nose for delicious scooping and special abilities that are unfortunate for experiencing all sorts of problems. What's more, Kolchak, who occasionally fails? But above man; He often stumbles or stumbles while running away from a serious threat. But with the strength and courage inside that allows him to save the time and time of the human race again from all kinds of enemies that are deadly. Kolchak is surrounded by a number of fun secondary characters: Simon Oakland is perfect As the head of Tony Vichenzo, Carl's poor, Jack Grinnage, while Ron Updyke, Abbot Ron Ruth McDevitt is cute. As Miss Emily Cowles and Carol Ann Suzy are also fun. Rookie G at Beaver Monique Marcel Stein. (Which, alas, disappeared after appearing in three episodes only) received performances from the lackluster makeup and special effects (lycanthrope named in "The Werewolf". Unfortunately, similar to the Yorkshire Terrier !) And later talking to stupid creatures like "Chopper, Cathy" Lee Crosby is Helen of Troy in "The Youth Killer ') but even the second-rate show was exchanged by the trademark of the evil, sarcastic, sarcastic program Whether wisdom and the power of limitless vitality McGavin and scratchy.
