There are two different ways to enjoy writing urgently. Semen TV programs ("Godfather" with X-Files and Buffy etc.); Is a monster show (It scares me when I'm a child!) Or is a famous writer / actor / actor. It works at both levels. Shortages may be reduced over the years. (It happened in the mid-70s), but I was surprised when I discovered the new program again (via DVD). In fact, I like it a lot more. For this reason, Darren McGavin is Karl Kolchak. The hunter-journalist / monster creature cherishes the beat, who, according to the story, often finds a supernatural angle; So much to the pain of the boss, Tony Winchenso, who stresses the real stress of Colck. (Performed with extreme fatigue from the world by Simon Oakland, the late great man, you can feel the pain of his blisters!) The interaction between these characters is broken and witty. (Similar to Spock's STAR TREK and McCoy, which is more acidic!) Throughout the period of two pilot television films and one season series, Kolchack fights against vampires, robots, werewolves, zombies, conspirators. Of the government, aliens and ancient myths (Listen, it looks like all 9 years of X-Files! In one season!) And Kolchak do it first! And for the composer Gil Melle of the main title song with some vibe ... uh, Chris Carter, creator of X-Files, called Mike Mike's (very similar) X-Files main theme as' Show respect 'Both themes work well; Leave that and different from modern horror / sci-fi performances. Most KOLCHAK monsters will be shown in shadows and in fast cutting. (Effectively and sometimes fortunately; Since some people do not depend on modern considerations; Modern horror performances Record: Less than! One of the small flaws of the show (and it's a small matter) is a sunny place and California that passed from Chicago with strong winds. NALL GALLERY has the same problem. Unavoidable for performances that use a small budget And some of the supporting characters seem to fall into what looks (now) as clichés (a weak journalist, Ron Updike is often used for comic relief; Sweet, old woman / columnist introduces Emily's advice.) But they all have a moment to shine. (Not like many TV characters that support since ancient times?) KOLCHAK is a timeless program that acts as a template for many of the following and Karl Kolchak is one of the richest characters. Who had written for a horror TV show (Mulder's father, a real agent) and in a footnote I tried to watch a new episode of the show "re-imagining" it is a clone of X-Files (copy?) and that is not so good. Carl Kolchak became 30 awesome cute models (stewarded by Stuart Townsend that is boring) and giving him The Scully type partner is also a weak concept. It destroys Kolchak as a lone war for Don Quixote! And Kolchak and Vincenzo accept together? Where is the tension Influence each other? That they chose to hang the name KOLCHAK on a little shit. This regurgitation is a good example of how not to do remake: use the beloved cult series to sweep all the unique things about it, drain all the body and color (but Keep the name! Want credible cult!) And voilà! New hash immediately! It gets 'F' in 'Re-Imaginings 101'! This new version has been an ax! Next to a short but classic manuscript, it will actually improve with age
