Warning: possible spoilers (But not really - continue to read) Ahhh has many reasons to become fully addicted to this tricky gem that I will not have space on all of them. Open credits to create playful scenes with Kitsch cartoon slides in late 1950; Prado Peres 'Prez' Mambo theme is charming, which seems to be unquestionably examined. (But his roar is incomprehensible and nobody does it); And with a familiar actor name, including Kathy Najimi, a year before she joined Sister Acts 1 & 2 and Teri Hatcher from Superman's TV. <br /> <br /> Every scene is full of injustice. Full of actors, actors and TV program production during the daytime Looking behind these people's careers is just an excuse for outdated and delicious jokes. Robert Harling wrote a feud that played like MAD magazine, but felt like a gift to the audience. Some characters that look obsolete But with high jealousy, especially with Celeste Talbert (Sally Field), which is an ever-present presentation of the "America's Sweetheart" nickname. The daytime Emmy awards will introduce us to With Celeste's performance The Sun also Sets Celeste wins again She was very happy because "Truly excited": "Adam, do you watch? I won. Um ..." The reason for Adam becoming an excuse for all plans soon and we immediately Hang out with Celeste's nerves She cried, screamed and twisted her hand, even though the rest of the movie, while the author Tawnee (Kathy Najimi, constantly waddling after Celeste couldn't see through the mist of Celeste's paranoia). Only <br /> <br /> Rosie Schwartz (Whoopi Goldberg) saw it before She is the chief writer of the program, and she and Celeste are a wonderful network of support for each other for 15 years. So when Celeste freaks, Rosie offers her to write the program for six months: "We just said that Maggie. Went to visit with the Dalai Lama "but Celeste had doubts:" I think the Dalai Lama moved to LA "" - Well, Lama, the other Fernando Lamas came in! "The line Such slope must be relevant With beef actors Lorenzo Lamas, son of Fernando Lamas (d. 1982) mentioned above (d. 1982) <br /> <br /> Those who can remember economics professors ( Ben Stein) on the day Ferris Bueller closed (1986) as he called the book roll ("Bueller. Bueller. Bueller") decisively to enjoy returning to see him again as a writer. Other people of the actors are Garry Marshall (in real life, Mr Happy Days and Penny's brother) who " Has paid $ 1.2 million to make a statement, "The Sun has set in - he says he likes. "Fast and cheap"; And Carrie Fisher as Betsy Fayachon, a "female" <br /> <br /> Jeffrey Anderson (Kevin Kline) is "a delicious dinner With a spoon "(and he was going). Now the actor saved his life from hell by David Seaton Barnes (Robert Downey Jr.) and brought back to the original program he had been canned 20 years ago. Of course, this presents some logical challenges for the current playwright. From his character, Randall Randall, should be executed many years ago. Anyway, they work with logical difficulty and Geoffrey Anderson steps out of the choo-choo. <br /> <br /> Now Celeste can get worse and her trick is to cross the Washington Bridge. Not helping anymore First, her hand trembled while trying to wear mascara. But soon she became a stalker Unfortunately she couldn't easily get rid of Geoffrey Anderson. Jeffrey was promised to develop his single play about Hamlet, and he meant to seize the producer as promised. "I won't go back to Florida. No!" Jeffrey stated. " You try to play Willie Loman in front of an old fart that is eating meat! "And of course, seeing the way of life in Jeffrey's theater is a joke. Back in Florida in the fat suit Willie Loman in his room, Jeffrey Anderson was called to the stage "Mr Loman". He was forced to do something with a cockroach that crawled through the TV with shoes. And use pliers instead of replacing the broken analog channel Now he finds himself as a delicious surgeon dating to Laurie Craven, the new venue for the show; So he didn't go away. <br /> <br /> Elizabeth Chu, beautiful (like Laurie), came out to perform in a series of amazing actors, all of whom did a great job of those who knew. All the schemes are too good. But of course the course for true love has never been smooth. Montana Moorehead (Cathy Moriarty) Hot cheer awaits her rising star and desperate force for some dissemination. <br /> <br /> Her plots will succeed in the best? Celeste will calm her or will she kill Thun first? Will the producer get Mr Fuzzy? - You just have to watch * The second half of this most cute and ugly riot. <br /> <br /> And you have to really believe Jeffrey. Short-sighted, read his script. Fresh glasses. Turn off TelePrompter. If you are not stitched with laughter and tears pouring on your face, do not hesitate to request a refund from the rental. Soapdish video (1991) is a gem that is not. Should miss the visit, which you will need Over and over again because it's not often that a movie can be transferred to many hilarious lines. This is an almost well-built humor in writing, drawing with Blazing Saddles (1974) for an uproarious apoplexy value, though different. Watch it and cry Happiness source for everyone's video stick 10 of 10
