I love KOLCHAK: THE NIGHT STALKER. Since I saw it on the night of September 13, 1974, premiered. I loved the monster that seemed scary at that time and the cool song by Gil Melle (Hey, where are they? )? Always thinking about what makes this show perfect for me, and finally concludes that the reason that it is enduring when others are not a simple and important element that is almost impossible to perform Other fears most people can relate to in everyday life. When Darren McCaw of Carl Kolchak began to discover a strange situation, he responded like most people would. He found them strange, and when he approached danger, he was terrified, even though he knew he had to move forward to try to overcome the danger that was revealed at that time. It is difficult for him to be brave enough to stand against some supernatural powers. He often places traps and hides or waits in the wings to see if it works or not. Sometimes he is surprised that he can defeat the enemy as we are. At one point he went to find a monster in the drain. But when he saw it for the first time, he ran out of there. But unwillingly imprisoned, he must return and protect himself He was brave because he was willing to do things that most of us wouldn't do. But that does not mean that he may not do anything for others instead of him He is a normal person, working, trying to flirt, not a monster hunter. He had just been wrapped in things that were related to the supernatural things that he was interested in. But he doesn't want to hurt or kill anymore than the rest of us If his plans to overcome a non-working creature, you will often see him running away from his life to escape from it, which of course is what I will do in the situation. That's why I always watch the pinnacle of acting through my hands as a child. Kolchak is pleasant and you care if something bad happens to him. You are scared of him and other characters too. Obviously, producers and writers know that everyone can create a monster set, scary music and direct suspicious scenes. But it didn't work if you didn't care about the character. Darren McGavin said the reason for the show was only because he was tired of doing the show. "Monster of the Week" and he decided not to continue I can tell you that I am sorry when this program was canceled when I was a child. But as an adult, I can see why it's not possible to follow that formula for a very long time. I still love the episode 20 and the two movies starring McGavin as a violent, determined and ferocious person. But being a good hearted journalist of the INS, also known as Carl Kolchak. I seriously suspect that anyone who plays or films will understand why I like acting. It's not a monster, a dark light, a creepy music or a stupid guest star, even though they are all important ingredients. The secret of success is there in the name - "Kolchak: The Night Stalker". Without McGavin's lovely love, Carl Kolchak made a mistake to take root and take care of it, not Night Stalker.
