Bill Crain is a rare movie than a rare "slasher", certainly not according to the rod standard and the slash approach that becomes necessary for its partner. This time, bogie users use grenades and small weapons, as well as excellent melee weapons - unacceptable sins in the post-Halloween game. But there is still enough familiarity to prevent people who are blushing from checking the rules and plot, not straying far from the path you expect As with Wally Koz, the surprisingly precious 555 seems to have received help from many members of his family. Mirage seems to be a collaborative work from the director's relatives. From watching the credit, I noticed many 'Crains' that were identified in key positions throughout the feature creation. But despite the relatively good distribution around the world But the film was not able to impress on both sides of the Atlantic, and now it has become the illusion of the VHS market. However, this makes me feel more attracted and therefore I squeeze resources to track copying? <br /> <br /> Everything happens in the middle of the dessert, which I'm sure you'll agree with the most exciting place. With that said, I must admit that there will certainly be no chance of the law. John Q, who has no nose, appears unexpectedly. Four undeniably beautiful teenagers head to the sand to drink and enjoy the night that often uses the wrong methods. Chris (Jennifer McAllister) and Her boyfriend Greg (Kenny Johnson) Meet a new hippie. (Kevin McParland) and Mary (Nicole Anton) at the camp. Shift brother Greg Kyle. (Todd Schaffer) and his girlfriend, Tom Bam, Bambi (Laura Albert) soon turned to join the candidates to count the bodies in the quest for a grave. Kyle had been dating Chris before his brother took the freedom to steal his squeeze? What Kyle didn't look keen to forget Does it sound like the motivation for the massacre? What do you expect Not long ago, there were some unseen people who drove trucks with tinted windows together with special techniques like no other. Will one child survive the sequel? <br /> <br /> I'm having trouble tracking any information about this feature. I don't even know if director Bill Crain is William Crain? The man behind Midnight Fear and Blacula and others, Mirage definitely does not appear in his official film work, so your guess is as good as me. Judging from the reliable work behind the camera, I must say that I think it's hard to believe that this is the debut of a guy who has no previous experience in the movie. This film is filmed in style with a great job from DP Michael Crain and the director has a reliable ability to create doubts when necessary. R. Christopher Biggs was created in the imagination. And terrifying and the glory of the sleepy leader over the mysterious BBFC to pass through UNCUT in the 18th ranking. The strict double murder is a terrifying thing.A man was buried in his neck in the sand before facing a grenade while the other stood up aimlessly after a battle with chains and pickup trucks! There is also a black humor that is not intended for sure. We used most of the features to watch the killer boots as he stepped out of his vehicle and pursued the children, but when he revealed that it resembled Keanu Reeves like Bill and Bogus Journey's hilarious journey of fun. I don't know what to expect. Fortunately, Crain knows how to treat things that are creepy and that the tournament is meaningful, especially when the priest speaks Chris who has a habit. /> <br /> The Devil model has shown that <br nice surprise. Jennifer McCallist, the Holy Spirit, has done a great job as a heroine and BG leads portrays off his rocking brain with gimmicks. Casting director chooses wisely to choose the most beautiful woman that had been slaughtered in the slasher theater, and it was not exacerbated by the potential costs. The soundtrack works well to create an atmosphere of loneliness, which is managed by a director who should be signed and raised by Hollywood bigwigs. Watch out for the terrific nightmare sequence created by the horror movie. <br /> <br /> Mirage is a good entrance in a rather unfortunate cycle that missed the boom years among elite nobles. When you consider that this thing has been created with only seven and a pickup truck, you have to say that they do very well. There are many bugs. But never distracted from the net results Unfortunately, you may have the opportunity to find gold in a cup of coffee more than you have ever followed a copy. If you see this thing covered with dust on the top floor of your local video store, then make sure you pick it up.
