Some of the best movies in the "Comedies" category are blurred between comedy and drama "Bandit" and "Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kids" which were created at the end of the year. 1960 is a perfect example. Are they funny actors that have a lot of humor or drama? In many ways, "odd couples" fall into the same category of being both funny. But very remarkable with deep support about human nature What happens can be a joke for the audience. But the characters didn't laugh. <br /> <br /> Although there was a relatively light TV program in 1970, but "Odd Couple" was not just a neat man. And busy people who are forced to live together because of the marriage situation It is about two opposites that have to face the reasons that their marriages are broken and how their harmful habits reveal themselves outside of their marriages. (Jack Lemmon came out best) and the chaos which was the character of Oscar Madison. (Walter Matew) is just the beginning and quite shallow. We find that these men are more than neatness and chaos. <br /> <br /> This short story about Felix Angar, who had to face a divorce from his wife Francis. That we have never encountered before But is an important character throughout the story Nearing suicide, Yucar goes to the only place he knows: Oscar Madison's apartment, where poker friends often go out. We learn that Ungar is not only a member of "Poker Club", but the group knows what has happened to him and try their improper way to help. Madison is the best way to help Ungar. Let him move with him until his suicidal tendencies deteriorate. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Madison doesn't know what he's doing. Madison is a lucky person who is happy if, unfortunately, the person who cleaned the refrigerator last time may be possible when Herbert Hoover is still in the White House. Madison's idea of ​​serving snacks is to catch the mold cheese and stick it between two pieces of bread and throw the contents of the chip bag on the table. On the other hand, he enjoys drinking and women in a short time. Have a good time. <br /> <br /> Ungar is not only totally different, he is not only a person who is passionate about Who found happiness in disinfecting the apartment rather than meeting with women But he knows more than most women who cook and eat At one point, he called his ex-wife, not talking about reconciliation. But to get a formula for meatloaf In a period of time, Ungar is about to spend the rest of his time cutting the cabbage to make cauliflower. When Madison was not impressed, Angar finally confesses to him. But made for his roommate because he could not stand it with Cole Slaw Who is this man But he has another intriguing feature: Felix is ​​a patient. hypochondriac He was obsessed with his health to the point of causing a strange public voice that claimed that he helped his sinus. It seems that he has all the health in the book. And if they make up, Felix might have them Finally he absorbed himself too much. <br /> <br /> Running throughout the film is a reference to marriage. At one point, when Madison tried to convince Ugar to come, he said "What do you want a wedding ring?" But he knew little that he was not a neat person who couldn't handle a busy person, but a different way. Their friendship became an evil relationship. And the climax point when Oscar invited two isolated English sisters to come together with funny and sad results. This is one of the best genres of the genre ever written and should not be missed with the best performances by Walter Matthau and Jack Lemon in a role that is hard to imagine playing better by others. It is a pity that writing this talent lacks sadness from most comedies currently produced.
