The original movie, The Odd Couple, has a great cartoon. The whole world seems to know the story of Felix Angar, who has a sensual nervousness and is a funny, disgusting joke. Oscar Madison This mismatched roommate created one of the most successful and countless television series, regardless of where he was imitating. <br /> <br /> The movie Odd Couple has Wonderful jokes about The sloppy habit, he said, "Who needs food?" One of his poker players' friends asked, "What did you get?" Oscar said. "I got a brown sandwich and a green sandwich" "What is sugar?" Whether it's a new cheese or a very old meat! "I also like Oscar's refrigerator." It was not ordered for two weeks. I saw the milk standing there, which wasn't in the bottle at all! "There is no question that Oscar Madison of Walter Matthau is happy to watch on the screen. He is almost as good as the Jack Klugman version of the TV series. <br /> <br /> The problem with this movie is Felix Ungar of Jack Lemmon. Jack makes a lot. The sincere effort in the role of the problem is that he makes Felix down and collapses, causing him to become even more annoying. Tony Randall's comedy in the series brings humor, warmth and joy. Swaying Which is the image of Lemmon, lacking Felix Unger. Tony is clearly sometimes annoying. However, in the TV series, it involves a specific situation that needs annoyance in the story of Jack Felik. Ungar, the movie seems to be unhappy, fun or together. Esting the movie Felix Ungar is a roommate who pushes you up to the wall all the time. <br /> <br /> The movie still has Great time to withstand the test of time martial meatloaf celebrated as one of the greatest scenes ever! Another great example of Felix's "little note" on Oscar's pillow will be remembered forever. However, there are some darker sides that Oscar goes to top his "crying" near the end after the fight with Felix and the scenes related to Felix's monkey dinner party. (Even bright with funny lines) looks more depressed than jokes. <br /> Perhaps there isn't enough time to see the lighter side of these characters that make this series memorable in the movie. Beginning 20 minutes, very boring. The same problem arose with Felix's conversation with sister Nok Dove. The ending of the movie is predictable and end up too. There is very little attention or sympathy for each other. The result is the dark side of the movie leading to depression and anger over jokes, unless you watch the wonderful scenes described above. It seems that Jack Lemmon's Felix personality will bring this movie down instead of adding or embracing the comedies between the characters. <br /> <br /> It used the television series in 1970. To make the couple as strange as possible, the original movie is still very good However, the TV series is much better.
