There is more to the presentation of The Odd Couple than in all movies. Felix Unger (monogram of a poor man cursed him) Check in at a hotel in New York. Cleaning lady says "Goodnight" "Goodbye" He responded in his room. His horns, then struggled to remove his wedding ring, just to put things in the envelope neatly, addressed to his wife and children. Finally, when the audience merged together ?? aha he will go off himself ?? We watched him fight to open the window? Oh no, he's going to jump ?? The poor people hurt his lower back. Is this all you need to know about Felix Unger? His wife left him. He was clean and cunning. And all in one scene This is the genius of Neil Simon's comedy ?? It's about situations and characters. Are there any physical jokes that are obvious? Do not kick the groin without a cheap porch? Funny characters in uneasy situations And of course he was an expert in dealing with the expectations of the audience from the Swingers era. Imagine what I thought in the scene when Felix lamented the fall of his marriage with the girls at friends. Joining his room, Oscar works hard to enter his apartment. He's blowing, right? Think again. Girls love his sensitivity, the ability to cry in front of them. They invited him back to the place since Metloaf burned because Oscar didn't pay attention to it. He's like Flynn, right? Uh, yes, but he doesn't want to go with women because he feels weak, good things, and it's even bigger with a style that helps to reduce and add the best eight-room apartment suite. Do you have Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthews, who wreak havoc at Chrissakes? The visual style reminds me of Tiffany's breakfast with the wonderful effects that are made from a large field and the interaction between the planes. Actions of special memories are scenes that Felix fled from Oscar, blocking the partition only to know that the partition was not covered by the Oscar side. You get a real sense of the style of the apartment and make the intimacy that both divorces live. The twist here is that the two are really married ?? to each other. Therefore, observing about married life that may be overlooked in ordinary romantic comedy makes everyone more hurt because they are two men.
