I don't think I used to give Walter Matthau as a comedian. Of course he is a great person in a light role. But I think I often succeeded with the resentment and brutality of his character, in contrast to the colorful personality of Jack Lemmon, his regular star, and I think it's natural. An extension of his previous work in an amazing picture. See Gene Saks. '' The Odd Couple (1968), 'Adapted from Neil Simon's drama, which has a sudden click popularity: Matthau is in his own right. Absolutely hilarious! Initially, his dirty, dirty, and uninteresting audience, Oscar Madison, was finally able to finally break into our hearts by confessing the hilarious emotions that Matthau sang in the voice of He himself At the same time, while holding himself as a comedian, his involvement with Lemmon is definitely perfect. In fact, this movie belongs to both actors who have never failed to screen. The movie screen, let yourself be together. <br /> <br /> Call to think of Billy Wilder's movie, 'The Apartment (1960)'. This comedy of Neil Simon created. Up around the place that is quite normally Felix Unger (Lemmon), a coerced house cleaner, was driven out by his wife twelve years ago, trying to commit suicide. But left the idea in vain after he destroyed after trying to open the hotel window He came to the house of a close friend, Oscar (Matt Weaver), a divorced friend who lived alone in crispy potato chips and green sandwiches. (There may be new cheese or very old meat!) Oscar offers accommodation to Felix. But soon he was dominated by his friend's fussy personality Both are strange spouses with Felix, assuming the role of a weak and nagging wife at all times and Oscar as a polite and impolite husband who comes home later than he should. Will This is a marriage that just takes three weeks and at the end of the marriage we can sympathize with the unseen Felix's ex-wife. <br /> <br /> 'Strange couple' is a story. Wonderful jokes Mostly because it has many hearts For all of their arguments, it was clear that the two roommates had a lot of love for each other, most of which was seen when Felix tried to shoot in an angry insult instead? May be intended? Ending the announcement of Oscar as "tops", his four-pair poker partner (John Fiedler, Herb Edelman, David Sheiner and Larry Haines) are constantly in awe of the ambiguous nuisance. But you can't deny that they have the best intentions Their decision to treat Felix as if nothing had happened to him might sound good in theory. But sometimes being ignored is not a correct solution for Felix's insolence and inadequacy. Unlike some comedies from popular stage plays, {recently, I was disappointed with Wilder's The Seven Year Itch (1955) film, this film not only hit the same chord throughout, and the relationship between the two. The lead shows are constantly evolving, tears, laughter and disagreements.
