"In April 1946, the University of Chicago agreed to use the Argonne National Laboratory with the Midwest University Association that offered research support. So Argonne became the first" national "laboratory, but not in The original location in the Argonne Forest in 1947. It moved west far from "Windy City" to a new site on the farmland in Illinois when Alvin Weinberg visited the director of Argonne, Walter Zinn in In 1947 he asked him what type of reactor The new site, when Zinn described the energy-intensive reactor, one tenth of the reactor material design under design at Oak Ridge Weinberg joked that it was easier if Zinn used the Oak Ridge design and carried out a material testing machine. The capacity of one of ten jokes proves to be an unintended prediction. "<br /> <br /> S-50 plants use convection to separate thousands of isotopes in high columns. It was built next to the K-25 power plant which provided the necessary steam. Less efficient than the K-25, the S-50 factory was destroyed after the war. <br /> <br /> Concerned that the research project of the Atomic Energy Commission may become too technical, Lilienthal established an industry advisory committee and During a visit to Oak Ridge in November, he talked with Clark Center, the manager of Carbide and Carbon, a subsidiary of Union Carbide Corporation at Oak Ridge. The possibility of the company Henry (of Prussia) came to Washington and visited the German embassy (1902), apparently with Prince Henry of Prussia, according to the principles of science and their dangers. There is already about the use of the new science that has been used by the military. The Hohenzollern (1902 / II), "the beautiful yacht of Kaiser Wilhelm at 34 St. Pier, New York, taken at a certain time Of the arrival of Prince Henry and the upgrading of the royal standards "If the dynasty knew the precautions necessary for the welfare of citizens, what is the necessity of the WWI war and the Second World War? The quality of the management control that I assumed. <br /> <br /> So, the Commando of Operation Swallow volunteered for a military mission or business plan based on the safety principles of laboratory management? Because assuming that they were not survivors and those arrested in Europe were ordered to be executed From a 400-man commando team, survivors captured, executed under the command of the German army against the overthrow and espionage of Germany WFSt, Führer Headquarters, Oct. 18, 1942, Adolph Hitler (Signed); Translation of document number 498-PS, Chief Counselor of the United States of America, Certified true copy Kipp Major, no longer confidential DOD 5200.30 23 March 1983, Repeat at the US National Archives <br /> <br /> OSS Society® 6723 Whittier Ave., 200 McLean, Virginia 22101
