I received this movie from my cousin in Norway and had to convert from the Norwegian to American style with the copied video. Compare this film (1948) with Heroes of Telemark (1965), Kampen om Tungtvannet (The Struggle for the Heavy Water), cast a sabotage by himself, play the role, respectively, even if the actor is cast to play the role of the sabotage At Give their lives in the struggle for freedom of Norway in the latter campaign. The story consists of four languages: Norwegian with French, German and English. (With Norwegian subtitles) <br /> <br /> This impressive history is what led to the fight. French scientists are interested to gain two hundred kilograms of weight from Norsk Hydro in Vemork to bring back to France to study the effectiveness of the laboratory. At the same time, the Nazis were interested in receiving plenty of water to create a secret weapon. The French were concerned that the Nazis might be led by the invasion of Norway and with their secret code, they escaped the Nazi spies carefully when traveling to Oslo, where he gained weight and returned without barrier He was watched by two spies while he boarded the plane. But they didn't see him jumping on the other side where he crossed the tarmac to another plane near where his goods were waiting for him. This clever trick works by using the airline as a lure that the Nazis forced into Hamburg later. <br /> <br /> However, the Norwegian invasion on the morning of April 9, 1940, the Nazis entered. Occupy Norcross and It is based on Norwegian intelligence and British intelligence in London to act. Professor Leif Trondstad volunteered to serve eleven young Norwegians, "Swallow" and "Gunnerside" groups to sabotage production. The weight in Vemork was successful. This shows in detail about how they actually work, including the sinking of the ferry after the Nazis abandoned Norsk Hydro. Rotate the delivery weight on the tram to Berlin /> <br /> The quality of the film <br this fair, although there are many in the film splices. I would like to recommend this movie to anyone interested in World War II history.
