Someday there will be an essay comparing Paul Nash's "Fury of the Wolfman" to the great Spanish film "L'age D'or" and "Un Chien Andelou". The movie Naschy is a work. A masterpiece of delirium from beginning to end Dali and Bunbu El should like it and be happy when seeing someone do it easily as they have to put their brains out. <br /> <br /> The movie lacks a tight structure, even though it has a story. Move from A to B to Mishmash, something about "Professor Walter Man" - his first name, your heart - who was bitten by a monster during a trip to Tibet and not the same since it was understood by one of the colleagues who envied Mad's daughter Wolfe Stein knows about his condition and reveals that his wife is unfaithful to him. But it was a set for a distorted scientific experiment to release his inner animal. <br /> <br /> "Walter Man" turned out to be a werewolf, killing a few people who were burned to death. Buried Go to the castle full of quirky circus, lines to various machines, zapped with various electronic effects, injected with potent lozenge, chained up, become a werewolf, a woman in an evening dress. With Nazi boots Escape helps the cute female doctor to find a way out of the castle, fighting with strange monsters with axes. The fight eventually turns into a werewolf and must fight the death with the human werewolf of his wife's cheating. A woman wearing a Nazi boot shot a silver bullet from her Luger gun together and the beautiful doctor walked out in the morning with a reporter who did nothing. "Look, it's a really beautiful day!" <br /> <br /> "La furia del Hombre Lobo", written by Paul Naschy, hastily. The original director Enrique Aguila has been fired and replaced by Ho. Maria Maria Sabala, a drunken man who was drunk and was ashamed throughout the production He often can't work. (Although he was looking for time to teach his 14-year-old nephew to adapt the screenplay) and Naschy directed an unreliable movie, Zabalza, mobilized enough to shoot the action scenes from the previous movie "Mark of The Wolfman "of Naschy. The scene was lucky enough to be used twice, although the costumes were different and helped to cover the run after Zabalza refused to get out of bed to finish the movie. Post production is a nightmare. No one knows who is editing, the money has gone out, the prototype is gone for a moment, then in the premiere of the film for the movie distributor, the executive arrives to find Zabalza pissing into the theater's front pipe. He was too drunk to find a bathroom. But at least he sent to the edge of the road. <br /> <br /> But this movie works if you release it. It is the key to the brutal memories that we have about the dimly-lit castles. The tombs with curved roofs, chains, whips, falsely blown. Fans of those things will find it being watched like hypnotizing, though the overall story. It is not reasonable because of the discontinuity of executions. In one scene, there was rain and the wolf came up in the lightning. In the next match, the bone was dry and he was great at the full moon. Then it will rain again. And yet you do not see it as manners It's like a dream that exposes the possibility that the opposite conflict will be the same. The first time the werewolf took the wire and screamed, then the power line began to generate electric sparks. People say that its low budget has a negative effect on overall performance - I say that this movie will not be able to verify if they spend more money. It is a miracle that creates something from emptiness and without success because of what is possible. But because of what is done It's easy to laugh at this thing and even easier to cancel. The trick is to be able to look through physical abuse or rather to treat chaos as a part of the result. <br /> <br /> Paul Nashee died last week at the age of 75. He had already had pancreatic cancer. One year or more is working on a film project until his last day. But died in Madrid, Spain, with his family while receiving chemotherapy His long and varied career is a legacy of a stubborn man following his artistic vision in the face of international mainstream. And in all of us, there are eleven-year-old children to watch his movies, such as "Fury of the Wolfman" in fear Even those who don't like Euro Horror will find something in this movie to be surprised if only one minute on the second point. You can search for free at Archive.Org or even buy on DVD for nickel. It's worth it. <br /> Humorously <br /> Naschy is afraid to learn that other people, like me, think that this movie is a little bit distorted, sick, and degenerate into a classic. The problems he encountered during the production and the disorientation of the movie that was left behind may have been a personal disappointment to Naschy to forgive. I never thought of forgiving him. But I will say this: I should see "Fury of the Wolfman" in the screen that is full of destruction and deteriorating than it had been before. Spin out at the Swine Flu theater on this holiday or other holiday. <br /> <br /> The world loses a great artist this month. Watch his movies and remember <br /> <br /> 9/10
