Jokes about the riots in the world of soap operas in the charming daytime! This movie is hilarious! It is acceptable that you have to have a taste for movies that have an amazing conversation, hysteria, improper performances and plot reversals. But if you do, you will be in hell of healing. <br /> <br /> Sally Field plays Celeste Talbert, "Queen of Misery" in the daytime. Celeste's comfortable life was thrown incessantly when the arrival of Lori Kraven (Elizabeth Chou), her long-lost niece and Jeffrey Anderson. Anderson (Kevin Klein) but Celeste hides a deep and dark secret and the arrival of Laurie and Jeffrey may bring it to the surface. Add to the brutal Montana Moore Head (Kathy Mori Arty, a wonderful story in full "A beautiful woman with a testosterone to a backup mode"), which seeks to destroy Celeste's career. David (Robert Downey, Jr.), the producer Do the secret soap plan with Montana to destroy Celeste; And Rose Schwarz (Whoopi Goldberg), the playwright and true confidant of Celeste and you are ready to help you in small matters and general turmoil. Difficult to perform 'Mixed Nuts'?) But when done out well, it's funny, really cute! The essential ingredient needed for a good comedy is to choose a professional actor who knows that many times the most funny thing doesn't speak. But expressed through expressions or field views, Kline, Goldberg and all the rest work together well and have a good time that is clearly difficult to attract by their energy and enthusiasm. Obviously, Shue is the weakest point here. But she attracts her attention just because she is surrounded by Field, Kline and Mori Arty. The person who stands out in the villain role makes you think that you are the greatest person you have ever seen. !! There are also many familiar faces that you can remember in a small role (but still there is everything that is funny), including Carrie Fisher, Garry Marshall, Kathy Najimy and Teri Hatcher, director Michael Hsu. Aphman's fast pace and the historical plot moves to a great end. Must mention Robert Harling's screenplay, which was carefully crafted for theatrical drama in the television drama The conversation was booming with a beautiful speech delivered by the actors. (I am happy to bet that these things have been improved) <br /> <br /> See if you want to see a group of Professionals do what they do best and have a good time doing it. Get in this hand. If not for anything else, it will give you a good mood and make you laugh!
