It sounds strange to call the movie about the shocking and wretched war because many of us are well aware of the horrors caused by war and violence. With the use of 'shocking' adjectives, I didn't intend to imply that I was surprised by the things mentioned in this film or that I had never known them before. It was just that I was very impressed with The way this movie Demonstrating the madness and incredible horror that will kill each other, whether or not there is a 'reason'. <br /> <br /> The first part of the movie focuses on successful participation. Hanna's in opposition to Hungarian Maruschka Detmers will never receive an Oscar for this performance due to inconsistent governance. But her performance is still strong and she has a lot of charm. She is handsome as well as Hanna and has immediate sympathy. Of course, her beautiful appearance can help. But that doesn't involve being a good actress. <br /> <br /> Some uncertainty arises in the Hanna war. Sometimes I get the idea of ​​director Menahem Golan (often insulting The Gianni Versace Murder) in a hurry and actually should be allowed a few more per scene. On the other hand, I am very grateful that he created an impressive and thought-provoking film, and because I think optimistically about this, I think he is doing well. <br /> <br /> The second half of this movie. Is The most interesting and sad thing It focuses on the suffering of Hanna. (Beware of the scary depiction of Donald Pleasence of Captain Rosa, cruel and immoral) and shows the injustice and horror that comes with hatred and violence and war. I received Hanna's war, especially in the second half as a strong anti-war film and for Golan, the only person who deserves credit. It is also the second half of Maruschka Detmer's ability to create characters that go into film history, one of the strongest and sadest acts ever shown. It is also a good thing to see Ellen Burstyn, whose appearance and acting style often reminds me of Romy Schneider that she lives and is an actor - to be effectively involved in Hanna's war <br /> <br /> The tragic consequences of the second half and the hopeless tensions that are sometimes replaced by hopeful and good news leads to the final scene that shows things. The unexpected tragedy and poetry in motion, so the tears. And when I realized once again that it is not fiction, it actually happened, I found myself more tears. The image of Hanna written by Maruschka Detmers will be in my heart forever.
