This film captures many flak images. But in general, it is a scary and full-length movie that is played on US television and is also known for death in companies buying VHS and DVDs such as Alpha, Unicorn etc. The movie has never been shown in America. Although it was chosen by Avco Embassy in 1973 in Spain at that time, when there was pornography related, the filmmakers filmed two versions with clothes and another. Printed, completely uncovered in English, titled WEREWOLF, never sleeps and appears to be published in a Swedish home video only back in the 80s. It can be found on eBay and like and I strongly recommend that Avco reduce the film to receive an R rating that never happened in 1974. It was released by Avco to the television named FURY OF THE WOLFMAN and the model that was worn for With this TV print cut to 12 years later and FURY OF THE WOLFMAN appeared on the home video on the charter label This model seems to be something that Avco is about to launch in '73. It is a version that has no revelation, with some nudity that will never be broadcast on TV or in PG movies. There are many scenes on the charter tape played with nudity. Wearing in TV printing (Source for all Dud and VHS dollar versions) but compared to the uncovered WOLFMAN NEVER SLEEPS, showing that there are 2 scenes in this version! (Spoiler in the next paragraph) The scene in which Ilona has Waldermar chained to the wall and whip him after he transforms into an incomplete werewolf. After hitting him with humility, she began to take off her clothes and start to love werewolves !!! Werewolves also respond positively to these sexual beliefs as well. This scene has been rated as one of the most unusual movies in the history of horror. It's not graphics. But the implicit nature is too much for the audience in the United States or more likely than MPAA. Ilona lost his love for Valmar and could not occupy him, so all of her plans to control the minds of Wal's wife Dermar and related to her in the story She wants to destroy his marriage and she can do this while Val is in Tibet. Unfortunately he returned to be a werewolf. But this does not slow you down. If she can't have him as a man, she loves him enough to have sex with him as a werewolf. This also helps explain the next scene in which a werewolf sleeps with a woman he sees naked before sleeping while peeking through her window. This scene presents a nude version of a comprehensive and unreasonable version. In the uncut version, it seems that the love of Ilona made him a werewolf and needed liberation, so he raped the first woman he could escape. have Another scene is a scene full of Waldemar with Karen and she sees nude. Very similar bedroom scenes were cut from the WEREWOLF SHADOW US version (WEREWOLF VS THE VAMPIRE WOMAN) as well. This movie has a problem. But for some people Director of Mau Mau, a bad leg for a werewolf at the brutal English conflict, the combination of the first movie, Waldemar MARK of THE WOLFMAN AKA FRANKENSTEIN BLOODY TERROR and too damned. Seen in the original and uncut widescreen format (eg: WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS) is one of the most cruel and cruel werewolf Daninsky series, with an unparalleled plot. The pan that was cut / dressed and scanned the full screen copy of this movie didn't do anything, and unfortunately it was a version that almost everyone commented on in this movie. This film is copyrighted in 1970, and I bet that the IMDb 1972 release date is incorrect. The movie WEREWOLF SHADOW (aka WEREWOLF VS THE VAMPIRE WOMAN) in the series and sold before WEREWOLF SHADOW. Of course, the end of the werewolf never sleeps / The wrath of the WOLFMAN is opposite to the opening of WEREWOLF SHADOW directly by offering. Concrete evidence Unfortunately, the complete version of this model may not be released for sure. The perfect launch will be an uncut English version. But in Spanish with English subtitles English reproduction makes a serious pain. But any Spanish version will reflect the comprehensive version, as shown in Spanish in the French era, which is a verboten nudity
