I saw this when it premiered and just watched it again on the IFC. Again, this is telling a lot of possible stories about the immigrant peasant population that came to Hawai'i to work in the sugarcane plant in the early 1900s. My grandmother was part of that migration. My parents were born in Cola (Big Island) at the time of the movie. I moved to Big Island last year after living in California for over 30 years. I was surprised to see that in the past, many sugarcane cultivation areas have not been developed with wild cane growing. Many years after the plantation area was closed I have heard many stories from my aunt and uncle who are children who grew up on the farm. This film helps to visualize those stories and memories. This is a historical document rather than a romantic movie about the plot. Makes me shake my head, read reviews like ccthemovieman Some people do not understand. <br /> <br /> I can't remember that Youki Kudoh has an actress role that she works incredibly. I remember her great performance in Jim Jarmuch's "Mystery Train" and in the Australian film, co-starred with Russell Crowe "Heaven's Burning" Tamlyn Tomita. Works great with Pidgin. Her English, especially for people who do not grow in the islands I have forgotten that Toshiro Mifune has a cameo role as a narrator for animated performances. And I missed the fact that Jason Scott Lee had an unspoken part and didn't speak as a farm worker during the pay day. <br /> <br /> I was sad to see That director and co-author Kayo Hatta died in a drowning accident in 2005. <br /> <br /> There are two other great foreign movies. Experience this sugarcane plantation: "Gaijin" about sugarcane migrants in Brazil (Many people are Japanese) at the same time and "Sugar Cane Alley" about sugarcane planting experiences in Africa. The back is still usable, but "Gaijin" sadly seems to have not been shown while Another great film about the early Asian era in America where immigrants are slaves is "A Thousand Pieces of Gold". This is the beginning of the participation of Chinese workers in the construction of the railway, Rosalind Chao, Chris Chris, Michael Paul Chan and Dennis Dun
