This is the best content that movie director Haim Bouzaglo has done until now. A good TV director who has been well trained in storytelling and in directing his actors through long poems, he tries to capture in movies with this low budget, which is the essence of the situation. Very special psychology The attack results in a 'distorted' life. Each character tries to use his own life to see and control other characters while being watched and controlled by other characters, and mostly from extreme pressure. Continued by political and historical forces that are beyond his control Some people call this fate. But fate has a very concrete representative in this film. <br /> <br /> There is no clear political speech in 'Distortion' The character never talked about politics, even at the level of 'bad' when they heard that a new attack occurred. Their reaction to the event is to limit attacks and to count victims by using official terminology and media for the dead and injured. They didn't really live, but they survived during the borrowed time, which was happy to be survived by a bomb and waiting for another match to happen. Personal life, professional society seems to be working well. But has defects and is influenced by various events The main character, played by the director, is a playwright with a personal and creative crisis in the middle of life that has been expanded by the pressure of the event and from the fact that he is lucky enough to leave. Website He hired a private investigator to follow his girlfriend, a television investigative reporter, who he suspected of being in the story of her next performance - another failed man, a former soldier whose business and family life were dismantled. Under the event He started writing plays that mimicked the realities of carbon and brought it to the stage in the cinema in the movie scenes that made Hamlet think of 'Synecdoche, New York.' He didn't want that. But the Israeli director's screen was great in anticipating the movie later (and directed by Kaufman first) while the American movie actor played the real person and began interacting with them in a mix of reality. - Direct - Step - - - Match the truth that is not logical, at least not an artistic logic. <br /> <br /> Normal abilities trust them and help them to be free to use biology. Through situations rather act on their behalf. His style is free here than in his TV series and 'distorted' effects, although borrowing from American horror movies is quite good. The ending seems to me to be very stylistic and not satisfied. But the shadow of a suicide killer who haunts the movie and the whole situation in the temples will follow the audience when thinking about this movie later.
