Distortion is a film that creates a nuisance about art, imitating life and art that reflects life. Haim Bouzaglo, a film director, plays Haim Bouzaglo, a dramatist and impotent blogger who finds inspiration in Doubts about the documentary of his girl friend As a suicide bomber, the Arabs wore American helmets and t-shirts, walking through the terrain to find his goals and nerves. Haim relayed his young friend's life as she filmed a documentary and included himself. With the lives of actors during rehearsals But the bomber had already attacked and Haim left the restaurant a few minutes earlier. Despite having to deal with time and place But the story is clear, comprehensive and interesting. Great comments about "The distortion" of everyday Israeli life in which politics is related to personalities that everyone lives on the edge "and people never know that they are playing a leading role in their own lives or are just those. Play a bit that can be distributed in the story telling of other people. <br /> <br /> Bouzaglo plays with the thoughts of everyone who is an actor in the production of others. We are always watching the characters who illegally see the director. But what the "real" director chooses to reveal To remind us that these are violations of privacy. Bouzaglo takes us into the bathroom and bedroom. (Sometimes the bedroom is a street and on the roof) and frame his views on TV, video or security screens repeatedly. The actors play the role of the actor representing the "real" characters played by actors. Of course, each actor is the star of his or her production. But realized their reduced role in the actor's private movie The detective is hired by the playwright to become a character in the drama. The actor was hired to play a detective, seeking a detective for the "trick" about how to play the detective role on the spy tape, captured by the detectives on the surveillance tape and they join the party as their real one. <Br /> <br >> Despite many views But there is no clear fault in the narrative: the playwright, searching for bombers, trying to find the target and the detective is the filmmaker. And there is no difficulty in finding the ultimate goal of Bouzaglo, which makes Israel powerful and inefficient by realizing the dangers that threaten But could not do anything meaningful. Israel is a playwright Bouzaglo wearing an inefficient role that can destroy his own life for his plays. Israel is also a bankrupt military entrepreneur who is a documentary filmmaker, director, actor and cheating actor and cuckold husband. They are all Israelites because they are all But useless, stuck in nothing or do anything that is pointless because the bomber will scan the scenery for his best goals Every character can do it when it is reported that there is a bomb again, having sex and keeping the "scores" of the victims. <br /> <br /> Having a personal victory, revenge may be revenge at the end of the drama. In this movie But the audience must be shocked by the state of Israel, even though they are full of admiration for Bouzaglo's memorable actions on the state of his story.
