I have read with great interest the previous comments on this film and I would like to say that I understand the views of previous users who have commented on this movie very well. : See from the perspective of Israel Imagine that this movie has a very delicate problem and a little detail may be very important for the audience that is directly related to the events that appear in this movie. What I want to say is 'Distortion' was screened at the Geneva Film Festival in November 2005 (the 'Cinéma tout écran' festival) which won the audience ('Prix du public'in French) for what affected me. I like work Mr Bouzaglo's 'nervous camera', which in my opinion, shows a very tense and uncomfortable atmosphere in this film, and I think most Swiss viewers appreciate this in the movie. However, this view may See the 'extraterrestrial' altogether with the Israeli audience. But it is not surprising when talking about the Swiss audience because Switzerland is a country that has never been attacked by terrorists. Therefore, it is no surprise that the audience in Geneva will judge this movie with a more 'separate' view. I want to say what Bouzaglo said when he was interviewed by the Geneva newspaper. (I translated from French): 'After 50 years of staying here and after going through all this violence, we may ask ourselves if it is still normal. Maybe we think suicide is easier than living. are We are like the characters in my movie. '' At the edge of '' This is the reason why a private investigator who is' voyeur '' is the happiest character in the movie because he earns money from the system so he uses it. Benefit from this situation. '' This is the content. The important thing that I and the Swiss public pointed out in this film and we didn't pay attention to some inconsistencies about the characters in the movie that the previous critic pointed to precisely and with humor. Therefore, to summarize, different countries = different perspectives But I think this is a great thing because it gives me confidence in what affects the future of the cinema, saying that it has never been formatted.
