- The lovely red head girl is waiting for the plane to meet the charming young man she connects with. While both traveled and sat next to each other, the young man Jack became dangerous as he threatened to change the room that Lisa, politician and his wife would be in, otherwise her father died. See if this is what you happen when you fly. Coach, something that never happened in the first class. <br /> <br /> - In addition to the conflicts that occurred in the flight, other things in the movie. This story is shared with "Flightplan" is an unbelievable belief. * If that is the word * of the story, the whole point is to make the main character change the room of the politician so that he will be assassinated, which is a plan. Significant Reliability But it won't be easier or if Jack will find someone who understands the computer and has hacked them. Hotel Login? Today's teenagers can do anything with their computers, so I'm pretty sure it's easier for him to let someone change it using a computer instead of encountering a spy problem. Lisa and take her to a situation where She falls into the movie. <br /> <br /> - Another thing that makes me bizarre is that no one in the plan hears the only thing they say This is a very small plane that is mentioned here, and since their voices are raised occasionally, it seems to me like other passengers should hear something, but I'm 100% sure that I read too much. This movie is as realistic as the episode "24", so no one is confused with such complexity. For all my complaints, this is still a very fun movie that makes my work complete. It's not the type that needs to close your brain. But at the same time, there is no need to have good intelligence to fully enjoy. <br /> - I like to sit here in my comfortable chair and Rave about the great performances in the movie. But actually I can't. I love Rachel McAdams. I love Cillian Murphy and I like Brian Cox but they don't really stretch their performance here. It's not a problem because this is not a movie that the studio hopes to receive many awards and performances are not bad. But it's not great. Wes Craven is not the first person to think of when you think about a movie like this. But he works very well considering the time they have to film and lack the depth of the screenplay. It was a disappointing big update "curse" and as much as I liked him doing something different from this movie, I still love him to go back and do what he did in the past which is a great horror movie. that is Talked for decades after the release. <br /> <br /> - One good thing about the movies that I really appreciate is how short the movie is. It's a good thing to sit and watch a movie for three hours or longer, but today it is like every movie that comes out to feel too long, which the film feels right. Not too long and too short They don't have to waste time trying to develop characters too much because they know that this is not a movie for that matter and by doing so they make a very good short film. I must say that the best part of this movie is Marco Beltrami's most wonderful score. It's a very good story to see Beltrami starting from writing predictable things to the great music that he has done now. I am a really wonderful techno / orchestra that he did with the main name. Unfortunately I can't find the soundtrack anywhere, I like to listen to music whenever I want, instead of having to appear on the DVD when I want to listen to it. <br /> <br /> - Overall, good for things. It is and while it is far from a good cinema, should have a little fun time and a half.
