Red Eye started in Texas, where the hotel receptionist Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) is about to board the 'Red Eye' plane. The last trip back to Miami, where she lives and works. While waiting for her plane, Lisa met Cillian Murphy, a handsome and charismatic, and both of them seemed to get out of it. Then, when they boarded the plane, they found a coincidence. They sit next to each other. When the plane flew up & they were in the air, Jackson revealed that he was really anyone & it seems that the opportunity in the meeting was not a coincidence. Jackson said that he worked for the people who wanted to assassinate the Secretary of Homeland Security Charles Keefe (Jack Scalia) & they want her to change his room at the hotel where she works in Miami Jackson. Tell Lisa to call the hotel and let it happen. When the father is killed ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Wes Craven, who may be well-known in his horror movie, such as The Last House on the Left (1972), a nightmare on Elm Street. (1984), Snakes and Rainbow (1989), People Under the Stairs (1991) & Screams, Teen Trilogy, Short Slashers, Fast Fleas, Little Thrills, Like Red Eyes The big departure from the movie Craven often makes Carl Ellsworth's script surprisingly exciting. I have to admit that I'm really happy. With just 85 minutes, it's a fast, economical and direct movie. To the point of focusing almost entirely on the movie Plot instead of going out in various directions with many sub-plans. Some people may like this method as I do while others may not. But I think it attracts you into action more because it's thicker and faster without using the film to slow down. I really like the plot for Red. Really embarrassing. This movie will have a moment or two of suspicious moments in terms of planning But what the hell is it a movie created for entertainment and for me that's what it's doing. I like the two main characters of my own. Lisa joined well while Jackson Ripner (The play that is clearly seen in the serial killer Victoria notorious Jack The Ripper) is a fairly cool villain. 'Type of thought Another advantage is that I don't think anyone will be too stupid. Here, everyone seems to be really human and movies play in a reliable way. I like this and it's one of the better movies of Craven. <br /> <br /> Craven is a thriller that is tight, fast-paced and exciting, along with interesting actors. Of course he will not stop and when he starts moving and the tension he never gives up, the most powerful part of the film is when Rippner holds Lisa hostage on the plane and when the movie turns into the father of Miami & Lisa's house became a little routine. But still good A special mention to Rachel McAdams, who is absolutely beautiful in this story, may I see Red Eye again just because she's in there. Those who saw Wes Craven's name stuck with Red Eye, expecting that the horror movie should be considered again because there is no fear in this story. I'm not sure about the ending. On the one hand, it's a good thing to see criminals live for changes that are contrary to traditional expectations. But it is satisfying to see Lisa kill him in some way. <br /> <br DreamWorks Obviously, Red Eye has a budget starting at US $ 44,000,000, but is reduced to $ 25 million, although it is still a movie. Which produces well and has a shiny production value Real shot in Los Angeles and Florida in California The film was written by a husband & wife, Sean Penn and Robin Wright Penn, with the aim of being a leader. But eventually the producer chose to be a younger actor As I have already said, Rachel McAdams is a pure eye food & is all babies in this story and is worthwhile to watch this movie for yourself. Oh and she has a good job as well. <br /> <br /> Red embarrassing is a tension that is quickly taught, filled with a little thriller that I enjoy. I don't think I will. As fun as I do & I'm glad I decided to watch it. This is definitely a suggestion from me. & Rachel McAdams is interesting in this ...
