Scream is the last great thriller of Wes Craven. Since then there has been nothing but the line of Hollywood trash that is hardly able to be good enough for a great night as well as disappointment. In Scream's sequel, perhaps the genius and craft devoted to the movie drained the energy and creativity away from him, so at dinner time he had nothing to serve us. From his own doo, finally after knowing the number of bad movies later, he gave us a horrifying and horrifying thriller with Red Eye. <br /> <br /> Rachel McAdams offers another fun show. At the time when she played the hotel manager Those who are associated with important and unfortunate political figures at her hotel She then met with Jackson Ripper (Cillian Murphy, Batman Beyond) at the airport, where she got to know a little better after a late flight and Breeze Bay. What she didn't know was that he already knew her. And he knew her father that she would never see again if she did not cooperate and meet Jackson's needs - use her connection to establish a hotel regularly to assassinate <br /> <br / > You may think like this Nothing except the thriller in your daily life, including the guessing and chase scenes. Although this is a good old-fashioned thriller But that is the beauty of it No special techniques No cheap cosmetics Just a classic suspense You feel hopeless and sorry for every decision that McAdams is forced to do and you really care about her while you are encouraging her in every movement. She must escape from her embarrassing position. <br /> <br /> As always, fun and reliable performances Whether it's a sweet face or her mysterious ability to cry sincerely But you always seem to sympathize with her if your role needs it. On the other hand, Cillian Murphy is naturally creepy, so even though the trailer doesn't reveal it, his last change from a stranger to a charm until The merciless man is not surprising. Perhaps it would be more difficult to see the beautiful people like Toby Maguire become an uncontrollable madman. However, Cillian Murphy, after creating his true identity, has a strong role that you want him. Die or at least get fired. <br /> <br /> Don't overlook this feature. There are times when the blackboard is screaming and the heart jumper will keep an eye on your screen instead of the watch you see from Craven's latest picture. If not for you, do it every time you see your boyfriend or girlfriend or someone. With popcorn jumping and sticking with you. Finally, Wes makes it right. In addition to his unquestioned trademark expertise, Red Eye did not have any sense of humor because Cynthia McAdams, who replaced the lock reception for the hotel, was in good condition. It was a relief that Red Eye was not disappointed. But you will be satisfied by seeing McAdams presenting incredibly talented performances. Murphy looks creepy in no time and Craven crafted a traditional thriller. Delayed flights and probably the beginning of Craven's renaissance when it arrived after Scream
