On an overnight flight from Los Angeles to Miami, Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) met a charming man who became a mercenary killer who needed help killing a businessman. Her father will die. <br />> Red Eye is a great thriller that puts viewers on their seats. The location is similar to Cellular and Phone Booth, but Red Eye is better than both. Almost everything about Red Eye is above average, including suspicion, acting and direction. Most movies take place on the plane. But that didn't slow down the movie This film is fast and exciting without slow or boring points. Wes Craven works very well behind the camera. Instead of focusing on excitement, he focuses on stories and characters. This movie has a suspicious moment. But that's not what this movie is about I like the way Wes Craven focuses on other passengers and important small details later. Red Eye demonstrates his skills in telling stories. <br /> <br /> Red Eye also works well because there are young actors and talent. Rachel McAdams gives an interesting show and character She didn't like You may end up with a loud encouragement. Cillian Murphy gives a creepy and powerful performance like a villain. How he showed charm at first But after that, the mind changed especially impressive. The supporting actors are quite good, including Brain Cox and Jayma Mays. <br /> <br /> The film is also very stylish and has an overall creepy atmosphere. The setting works well because of fear, isolation and no escape. Overall, the sound of this film is constantly creepy. The screenplay is not as strong as everything. There are unrealistic moments that may distract the audience. Most didn't bother me. But there are only a few that make me shake my head In addition, the ending was disappointing. It's not a bad ending, just a very simple method and a different approach would be better. Because the movie focuses on the characters so there is no screaming for a moment If you expect horror movies, you will be disappointed. In the end, Red Eye is a thriller and is one of the best movies of the summer. Score 8/10.
