I found that I enjoyed this show. But the format requires some work First of all, a good feature I like the way this show will lead us into the daily life of the addict because the manufacturer has a special ability to stick to show us that they have allowed their lives to become bad. Followed by an intervention followed by results Interventions are not something that is coated with candy and sometimes results. (Usually short-term due to time constraints between filming and broadcast) is a negative result. This makes all positive results better. <br /> <br /> What I like about acting is Is the quality of the camera With the fact that these cameramen had to squeeze anywhere and didn't benefit from taking a new scene, the shooting was surprisingly good and stable. It actually surpassed the scripting program like "The Shield". The shooting is not very good. It can cause nausea. <br /> <br /> Now for the bad things. Sometimes there will be two completely different and unrelated cases that will mix together during the show. You will be caught up in the story of an addict, and suddenly you are thrown into another person's story. Drowned in that story. Suddenly, you returned to the first addiction ... or not? Up to now, you may have forgotten that in any case, the person on the current screen Continuous reversal between drug addicts causes chaos during the intervention scene because the show combines both completely unrelated interventions! I have heard of Bachelor of Marketing. The reason for this bad design: "The performance may be so intense that the transition to other addictions makes the audience have time to absorb what they watch." Oh, please. Obviously, the reason for doing this Because they have two cases that are not large enough for one hour of the show, so they mix the two together By mixing them instead of giving each block half an hour, just as they should force the audience to see everything (and advertising) if they are interested in one case but not again. <br /> <br /> I've met the episode These "blender" are annoying until I tell my TiVo to record when there is a stick. But it is easier to save them all
