The first animated film from Ireland is one of the best animated movies I've ever seen. Is a true wart and all the stories that are not the same as the nominees for the Oscars and other movies from this year or any other year. <br /> <br /> The story of the film is the abbot of K Villages in the village Ireland built a wall around his city to prevent the Vikings from destroying the city if they should attack. Brendon, his nephew, is a young monk who does the best he can. But found his uncle's anger by doing things in his own time When the legendary Fire Aidan arrived from the destroyed monastery, Brendon drifted towards him and his warm personality. The shame of his uncle is so much that Aiden proposed to teach Brendon how to give light. In order to help Idan to work in his big book, he was rescued from a destroyed monastery. Brendan went out into the forest to receive items to make ink. While outside the wall, he met Ashley, the spirit of the forest in which he developed friendships. Unfortunately, the abbot knew that he had gone out of the wall and had hell to pay. But lurking in the distance is Viking ... <br /> <br /> Forget what you think you know about this movie, you're wrong. Even the things I explained didn't make this thing fair. It is easy with many stories going on. This is a great movie about trying to find your path in the world above the demons that are coming and discover the beauty of the world outside the wall. (As the movie says that the world is a dangerous and non-stop place, even if you build a wall) <br /> <br /> Its movies that treat the audience as adults and involve all life, including darkness. There is death, destruction, happiness and happiness. It is not coated with sugar, dead people, strange creatures. (It makes some kids weird) But eventually there is hope. The straightforwardness of the darkness in this film is unlike anything in the latest American film. Forget the "sadness" in Pixar's movies. This is real and it is refreshing and it shows that Homer. Became homogeneous, even though Pixar became the animated movie Genndy Tartakovsky-esquire The look is based on Celtic art at that time. It's a movie that doesn't look like everyone else. Here again is another movie that uses the film frame and uses it in every way possible. Pictures are designed to fill as much space as possible. Often movies deal with things to make it look like the pages of the Book of Kells in myths, beauty and the best explanations, as remarkable as art comes to life. <br /> <br /> Director Tomm Moore created A movie that is a masterpiece I can't say more. It's a masterpiece Is one of the best animated movies I've ever seen
