In 1945, and after a solid propaganda piece in World War II, Errol Flynn continued to make the US box office revenue, began to decline steadily, despite the increasing burden of watching fade away. Create many movies Make his name: The first thing that the fraudster is really good - The Adventures of Don Juan (1948) - but it proved to be a vehicle The rest of the day holding his sword was used throughout Europe: in England for KIM (1950), MASTER OF BALLANTRAE (1953) and DENGER AVENGER (1955) in France for the adventures of Captain FABIAN (1951) and Italy. For the cancellation of WILLIAM TELL (1953) and SWORDS SWORDS (1954). However, Hollywood has asked him again with his old maritime method - even though it is a universal image that has been modestly allocated to the budget. Warner Brothers 'A' production He was familiar when he reached the peak ... <br /> <br /> Still, the glorious Technicolor film jumped out of the screen here and while Flynn, who was older and weaker, might have Like his former pale shadows, his red head Maureen O'Hara has a field day as a pirate tomboy leader. Deep down, wanting love, romance, and wanting to be treated like a woman Anthony Quinn is still a few years away from vehicles larger than his life, so here he is often seen as a bad guy - pirate captain Rob Brasilia, who is a role that he attacks with gusto. Like SHIELD OF FALWORTH (1954) - previous viewing - compared to all flags, took me back to my beloved childhood in watching TV fixed when Hollywood Hollywood movies Lee is the order of The day /> <br /> channel for everything <br I know this may be the first Pirates movie I've ever seen, and I cringe at the thought of the younger generation, which I believe is believed that the pirates overwhelming. The Caribbean Trilogy is a maritime thing! As I said earlier, all anti-flags may not be the best pirate yarn ever on the screen. But it is a clear example of all these rich types Today, the diligence of an Indian princess who is shaped like a child (Alice Kelley) to her pirate captors, Flynn may have hit one that is very stupid. But the rest - even without adjusting the height of the SEA HAWK (1940) and THE BLACK SWAN (1942) to mention the best navigation of each star - have a fast walk and participate reasonably In addition, the film will be re-created later as THE KING'SS PIRATE (1967) and Doug McClure! <br /> <br /> For the worth, the unprecedented success of the box. The unappetizing office is the most delightful thing that is induced by the reluctant movie studio to clear the catalog. Compared to all flags, it is the only gem in the collection of "Pirates of The Golden Age" from the Universal collection, which consists of obscure waste such as BUCCANEER'S GIRL (1950; With Yvonne De Carlo), CROSSBONES pair (1951; With Donald O'Connor) and YANKEE BUCCANEER (1952; With Jeff Chandler)! Worth the money, maybe But up to now, I just flicked Errol Flynn from other sources, even if I felt that in the future I might want to lay my hands on similar marine adventures like MUTINY by Edward Dmytyk (1952), YANKEE BUCCANEER and Pirates of TORTUGA (1961)
