SECRET OF KELLS is the first animated film that will make your eyes and move your heart. The shortcomings of the limited budget of this film, and sometimes the limited animations, are more than compensated by the poems of the story of Brendan's courageous quest to become a master of light. In the dark age This history was in the late 8th century when the Irish Learning Center was taken over by the Vikings. The Vikings appeared here as a great enemy, equivalent to the North Sea of ​​Huns and Mongols that plundered the east. The film tells the story --- which acts as a metaphor - the center of the conflict between Brendan, who tries to create beauty in his light during the darkness that invades and his uncle, the strict abbot. - Those who are trying to protect the city of Kells and his nephew, whose walls appear to be a barrier against the Norsemen. The abbot ignores the value of Brendan's art in the pursuit of perfection. danger This is an external conflict of movies. Brendan's internal conflict is the search for hidden eyes of creative light that will allow him to write the most difficult picture in the Book of Kells. With this mission, certainly as the Vikings killed from the outside (That is the story that I will reveal!) <br /> <br /> The thing that I like very much about this movie is the understanding of the creator's imagination on the greatest art that will survive in the western world. When 1200 years ago, the characters were styled in an abstract style that was defined according to the original line of the Book of Kells (especially important is Aidan's pet cat, which is defined in a few lines, but all --- and even The The cat miraculously changed course), the range of emotions that Brendan and other cartoon characters convey the economy because of the abstract design as a tribute. The art of the director and his animation The decorative border on the edge of the image changes to complement the dramatic effects of the set scene and the appearance of light from the dark era brings to life the magical motion in the secrets of Kells. Of course, historical drama often tells us about our own time rather than when these dramas try to explain. However, by introducing the typical elements in this story, the author and director of THE SECRET OF KELLS conveyed a vast sense of life from a very long time in Ireland which gave a psychological sense. But the script may have strayed from the historical truth. (The group of United Nations illuminators that appear as the club of artists in The SECRET OF KELLS is unlikely in the past. But they are all well designed and are outstanding characters that do things to attract universal attention. Irish stories.) Animation seems to be the best vehicle for me to help us understand visual art at different times and cultures. The magnificent artistic direction of this film comes from clear historical sources. But has also been adapted to the need for intelligent storytelling with animation If there are animations in the Dark Ages, what are the secrets of Kells? Finally, finding the hero of Brendan in this movie is an artist's forever quest to convey the spirit of beauty, life and inspiration. (Without having to preach or especially Christian, this film confirms Jesus' command that "Man is not alone using bread alone") In my assessment, the most inspired film about the creative process of visual artists is Andrei Tarkovsky ANDREI RUBLEV, the great Russian icon painter. The 15th century SECRET OF KELLS expresses the mystery and excitement in the same way as the quest for the image and creative process of the artist. Of course, it's not as deep as ANDREI RUBLEV, but --- hey --- it's a cartoon! (And one thing that will attract the attention of children and adults alike) I think this movie will make the viewing process well repetitive: with a way to confirm their own simple life. SECRET OF KELLS The brilliant class. Classic
