After hitting the audience with three very different episodes from the bat, Serling continues to introduce the audience to 'The Twilight Zone' in a very strange way by scheduling the largest growers in Serie. Is the fourth episode of 'The Sixteen-Millimeter Shrine', which is one of the more complicated episodes focusing on the inability to cope with the changing times of older movie stars and introducing a supernatural element. National minutes With this method now under the whelming of the first episode, but the subsequent look reveals that it is a beautiful and beautiful short story. <br /> <br /> Both lead to Ida Lupino as Barbara Jean Trent. And Martin Balsam are discouraged agents But caring for her shine in their performances The main problem now is the picture from an 25-year-old female actress who is unbelievable. Lupino seems to be the same when playing a young Trent as she did when playing middle-aged Trent. Where Lupino shows her socks to convince us to despair of returning to the past It's a situation that most people are sympathetic. But Trent is far from the sympathetic character She is a pre-Madonna who gives a little feeling to those around her, such as the devastation that happened to her colleagues who are estranged because she thought of her just a few days ago. It is quite surprising that she was rewarded with a happy ending. Obviously, what happens from the moment we see the large projection screen and it is cleverly cleared at the time of opening when Trent makes her afraid of the housewife by stepping out from behind the screen. What is not clear at the beginning is that being sucked into the projector will prove to be a reward or a cruel lesson in appreciating what we have and living in that time. When it appeared that Trent was allowed to return to the past that she had dreamed of to prove the strength of mankind who desires to desire. <br /> <br /> 'Sixteen millimeters' shrine is better every time you see. Written and a superb performance combined to create a short, powerful drama that reflects the human nature for a long time in the past, even though we cannot return except in the Twilight Zone.
