Elvira Mistress of the Dark (1988): Cassandra Peterson, Daniel Greene, William Morgan Sheppard, Susan Kellerman, Edie McClug, Jeff Conaway, Jeff Conaway, Phil Rubenstein, Larry Flash Jenkins, Tress MacNeille, Damita Jo Freeman, Mario Celario, William Dance , Charles Wolfe, Sharon Hays, Bill Cable, Joseph Arias, Scott Morris, Ira Heiden, Frank Collison, Meng Marie Stewart , Marie Sullivan, Jack Fletcher, Robert Benetetti, Kate Brown, Alan Dewames, Timm Hill, Scot Read, James Hogan, Derek Givens ... Director James Signorelli ... Sam Egan, John Paragon, Elvira, Mistress of the Dark is an 80s TV icon that has Her late night performance on cable She hosts and presents many classic American horror films, while engaging in cool and funny jokes. Actress Cassandra Peterson has today riding on that success in the 1988 film. Her first release Playing as yourself, you are showing a monster movie. But stuck in Las Vegas and made a huge income Her agent Manny proves disappointment. Shortly before she inherited the mansion from deceased relatives, dogs, pets and recipes books She came to receive her legacy in the small Nevada city - she was traveling to Vegas and lost - and soon stirred up things in a peaceful community. The innocent woman in the city council openly chastised Pariah (Edie McClurg), soon seeing her as a threat to the suitability and value of a small town. His seductive body and award-winning personality soon drew youth. Of the city She fell in love with Bob Redding. (Daniel Green) City, maintenance technician / carpenter, but before the true relationship blossomed, she found herself having a lot of problems. Vincent Talbot (William Morgan Sheppard), an old man The creepy, which was determined to inherit part of the fortunes of Elvira's cousins. In fact, the old-fashioned sorcerer who has a malice towards Elvira and Elvira's aunt, he knows what is called the "recipe book". That really is Book a powerful magical powers he wishes to refer to themselves. He planned to destroy Elvira by letting the city burn her at the pole of Elvira. How to get out of here? This film was not truly successful at the box office, attracting the most young audiences who are familiar with Elvira's performance. In the cable, the truth is that this is a funny movie and feels good. The script is full of all kinds of jokes, bad things, good jokes, sexual innuendo, funny pictures and overall solidarity, such as the hilarious final scene that Elvira has performed in her strip in Vegas. This movie is a classic movie show for Elvira fans. You can't enjoy this movie otherwise. In addition, looking back at the "pop" culture in the 80s, Elvira was an icon of the 80s as much as Alf, Vicky the Robot, Hulk Hogan, Mr. T and Madonna.
