Since the beginning of her career in the 70s and throughout the 1980s, Elvira (Cassandra Peterson) has grown into a modest icon and true cult figure in the world of horror. And the evil demons, while Ms. Peterson has many supporting roles in the film, covering a wide range of genres. It is Elvira, her television character that makes her the most famous. Charming part of her ?? And respect from fans ?? In the fact that she never turned back to the horror genre that made her famous (Which is different from many big-name actors and famous actors who want to break out of the job "fast"). But her hijacking role in the latest song "Mistress of the Dark" of Ghoultown made me try to see more of her things. One thing that has been clear to me for a long time before this music video: Over the years, Elvira has become a powerful influence on herself in the mid-80s. <br /> <br And in 1988, after movies such as "Fright Night" and "TerrorVision" included showing respect and forgery on her TV event, it finally happened: "Elvira, Mistress of the Dark", now I saw the trailer for it on the day of the VHS rental. But it took me until last week to see the real movie A few years ago I tried to watch "Haunted Hills of Elvira" (made in 2001) but for some reason it didn't make me very impressed. Is it really memorable or should I give it another look? Actually, I felt like watching again now because the first Elvira movie from '88 made me really convinced. Although some may be responsible for creating this movie But may be Sam Eagan and John Paragon who participated in the screenplay But there is no way to deny: Cassandra Peterson has a sense of humor. (She also wrote the screenplay as well.) <br /> <br /> When Elvira knew that she was one of the beneficiaries of the big aunt. (She had never heard before) She used this opportunity as a long time to begin her performance in Las Vegas. In order to claim the money he had earned rightfully, she traveled to New England, a quiet town, but Falwell's famous Falton people were still undergoing treatment. In a short time, she was shocked and insulted to the people who lived in a conservative small town with her. (Usually not intended) provocative behavior Making things worse, her legacy turned out that she didn't expect: a mansion with a shape, a cookbook and a poodle. But what she didn't know, and her evil uncle, Vincent Aldott, was her great aunt, a witch, and a cookbook with recipes to cook the darkest power of darkness as possible. Can imagine And if you haven't closed the movie at that time, Elvira has cooked her first dish from the recipe book and can be sure that you are going to ride this car with a smile on your face. <br /> It is surprising that the script is written in conjunction with jokes, one witty, movie references, internal jokes and fun to taste. But connected While other films that rely on hard-mouthed situations often make you follow the story completely. (Such as the movie "Naked Gun"), this movie is not There were many horror comedies produced during the 1980s, but they were not very effective. Let alone the horror - spoof that does not derail at some point ("kill party" even though I am grateful for this person to be completely mad at the last moment) or become boring too quickly. ("Saturday 14"), although "Elvira" is more funny than a horror story. But did not follow what he had done and built continuously in a bizarre, gentle ending with a supernatural showdown in the streets of Falwell between the newborn witch Elvira and the evil uncle Wiz Talbot. Including the hunt for a witch that is faithful to the true God and the time of Elvira's self-burning The first giggles I got was during the opening credits when Daniel Green's name appeared. Daniel, who? Oh yeah, I remember his name. How will never forget Daniel Greene ... "Atomic Cyborg aka Fists of Steel"! But if you don't see "Atomic Cyborg" I'm sorry, but you can't laugh with his face in this one. And from the side observations: I never imagined that Elvira would look cool while driving out of the gas station unawares. Even Robert Rodriguez couldn't make the picture look better.
