"Why do they make them big? Why don't they just give money to the poor?" The question about the cathedral was asked by students about Mr. Harvey during a school trip to Salisbury Church. "That's a good question," he replied. "Some of them inspire them - so they search in fear." I'm not sure that the cathedral affects everyone. But this movie definitely affects me. It's great! <br /> <br /> It's not like that. While it seems to be less than the image of - good - school trips to Salisbury Cathedral. If you have been on field trips to anywhere You have a group of children who are not interested in most, just being happy to leave the school for a day. Bus drivers who are crazy about them and some teachers are trying to control everything. At that time, doing that, received a T-shirt as my initial reaction. I think in the end this will be normal for teachers who manage to inspire students who are not interested in gasping! But it turned out to be more! Timothy Spall is a great person when Harvey is a pathetic teacher. Throughout the movie, his story will gradually appear and become the focus of the story. In addition, we have been introduced to students who have problems - Helen, the most outstanding and also performed by Nathalie Press, who is good at cutting himself. In religious form When Harvey Jonathon's colleague (played by Ben Miles) said, "I don't care if anyone will believe as long as they don't try to force others." "That doesn't endure - in reality (In my opinion) things that are often passed for religious tolerance in our society There are scenes of reconciliation between the characters and the final scene of the movie. While Harvey climbed back onto the bus, director Susan White had a camera that gradually moved up so that the final shot was just the sky - listening to Harvey's opinion that the purpose of the cathedral. That is to make people feel scared The cathedral achieved its goal. We looked up at the universe with fear, searching for something bigger than ourselves. However, we chose to define it. This is a very powerful and inspiring movie. 9/10
