Match 1: Team Table tags match Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley vs. Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley start things with Tag Team Table paired with Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit according to the rules of the competition. Playing both sides must pass the table to win. Benoit and Guerrero became hotter by turning the first spike hammer first, then bubbling Ray. A German named Benoit goes to Bubba to pull the wind from Dudley's brother. Spike tries to help his brother. But the referee banned him while Benoit and Guerrero came to him in the corner of the room. When Benoit ran to Bubba, Guerrero put the table outside. The needle hits the ring and somersault over the top rope to Guerrero on the outside! After recovering and taking care of Spike, Guerrero then placed the table in the ring and helped Wolverine set up. Then, in tandem for the Superplex pair from the middle rope which will make Bubba go through the table, but Spike hits the table to the right before his brother breaks! Guerrero and Benoit grabbed another table and tried to win the game. Whip Spike passed, but Bubba rushed to block his brother. Bubba was burnt and raised both sides into the back body. drop! Bubba struck Guerrero and Spike trampled Wolverine from the top rope. Bubba held Benoit at the bay to spike up to Wassup! strike! Soon afterwards, Benoit intercepted Spike in Crossface, but the match continued, even after Spike came out. Bubba came to rescue his brother and Bacon Benoit, stretched on the table. Bubba jumped from Middle rope But Benoit moves and sends Bubba to slam through the forest! But because his opponent didn't force him through the table, Bubba was allowed to stay in the match. The first man was eliminated shortly thereafter, while Spike placed Eddie through the table with Dudley Dawg from the apron ring to the outside! Benoit placed the spike on the table at a later time to score. Within a few seconds, Bubba caught the Bubba bomb that put Benoit through the table and made Dudleys win! Winner: Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley <br /> <br /> Competition 2: Cruiserweight Champion Jamie Noble and Billy Kidman Billy Kidman Challenge Billy Kidman, who brings Nadia with He won the Cruiserweight Championship. Lords and Kidman Lock and Fall the Ring But ran back in and caught again When Kidman intercepted all noble movements, Noble fled outside the ring at Nadia to encourage him. The fight spread outside the ring and the nobles threw his girlfriend to the challenger. Kidman threw Nidia to the side but was removed with a modified arm band. The nobles continued to attack Kidman's injured arm again in the ring. The danger of Kidman's injury hindered his actions. But he still fought hard Noble, trying to make Kidman out with power But the challenger responded to the face Kidman completed everything with the Shooting Star Press, but the nobleman tried to try to go to the Shooting Star Press again, but this time the nobleman had just been out of danger. The nobleman turned Kidman into a power blast shortly afterwards and received a pin to save the WWE Cruiserweight Championship! Winner: Jamie Noble <br /> <br /> Match 3: European champion William Regal vs Jeff Hardy William Regal took the position of Jeff Hardy. Later, in an attempt to win the European Championship tonight, Jeff shot Regal over the top rope, then took him down with a hurracanrana from an apron ring. Jeff whispered in the wind to knock Regal into a circle. Jeff goes to Swanton Bomb. But Regal kneeled up to hit Jeff with a devastating shot. Jeff managed a Regal surprise by quickly canceling and picking up a pin to keep the European champion! Regal began to shout at Hardy when celebrating on the way back to the ramp. Winner: Jeff Hardy <br /> <br /> Match 4: Chris Jericho vs John Cena Chris Jericho promised to finish John Cena's career in that match. Vengeance, which follows Jericho, tries to teach Cena a lesson when the competition begins with a suplex on the mat. Jericho continued to knock Zina around the band continuously until his cockyness improved. While on the rope, Jericho began to show the boat and allowed Zina to grab him to the top! Cena followed up with a tilt-A-whirl, but was brought down by an offensive dropkick. Gut, Buffy recovered and hit the abdomen following Plex. But could not get rid of the Y2J. Jericho made his debut in Lionsault, but Cena dodged the movement. Jericho hammered the Bulldogs and then connected with Lionsault, but didn't go to cover. He lifted Zina to his feet so he could put on the wall of Jericho. Cena had other ideas back to try to pin and get 1-2-3! Jericho went berserk after the match. Winner: John Cena <br /> <br /> Match 5: Intercontinental Championship RVD vs Brock Lesnar Disqualified The Big Big Next Thing and Mr. Pay-Per-View intertwined with the Intercontinental Championship on the line. Brock grabbed the name from the reference and leaned over his shoulder while staring. Looking at the RVD, the speed of Van Dam makes Brock the perfect place to start. The big man rolled the ring out and kicked the iron out of frustration. Brock pulled himself together and began to take responsibility. With Paul Hayman smiling at the edge of Brock Road, RVD and hard ground outside the ring Then Brock conquered the RVD, hurling him easily on the top rope. The RVD painfully fell on his back and then suffered a broken spine with an iron ring. The fight returned to the ring with Brock squeezing the RVD around the ribs. RVD broke away and shortly thereafter, Brock with a kick to the RVD temple followed by the Rolling Thunder but Brock tried to kick out after counting two. time The fight seems to end soon when the RVD goes on a five-star level. Brock, though, drew a dam on his shoulder and went to the F-5, but the RVD swirled Brock into DDT, followed by splashing the frog! He went to find the needle, but Hayman pulled the reference from the ring! The referee demanded immediate disqualification and exchange with Heyman shortly! After that, RVD jumped onto Brock from the top rope and threatened to attack the Van Terminator! Heyman grabbed RVD's legs and Brock picked up the championship, this time connected to the F-5 on the steel chair! Winner: RVD <br /> <br /> Match 6: Booker T vs. Big Show Booker T confronted the Big Show face to face with Stood Booker T of kicking and punching and stabbed Booker into the corner after being thrown. Leaving the ring, Booker picked up a chair at the shore. But the big show then punched back into the face of Booker. Booker tried to come back into the game again by choking the show with the camera cable next to him. Booker smashed the TV screen from the Spanish spokesperson in the skull of the show and then sent a kicking scissors that put both men on the table! Booker crawled back into the ring and the big show soon staggered. Show the booker's throat But met with a low hit and kicked in front Booker climb the top rope and nail a somersault pin to pick up a pin! Winner: Booker T announced <br />: Triple H came in a loud applause when the fans hoped to know where the game would end. Before he could speak, Eric Bischoff stopped the game to apologize for his personal business involvement. If Triple H signed a contract with RAW, Bischoff promised that his personal life would not be played again. Bischoff said he spent two years building a network in Hollywood. He said that everyone is looking for a WWE Superstar that will break the next time and they are talking about Triple H. Bischoff guarantees that if Triple H signs a contract with RAW, he will get the greatest chance of coming in. Stephanie McMahon stepped out to open his own stadium. She said that due to her personal history with Triple H, both of them are very well known. She said that the two of them were unstoppable and they were able to come back again. Bischoff cut her out and begged her to stop. Stephanie claimed that Triple H had told her that Bischoff said Triple H had no talent and no charm. Bischoff said he was still a child at that time and didn't know what he had. But he still has more experience than Stephanie The two continued to fight until Triple H stepped up with his microphone. The game said it would be easy to say "ridiculously you" with any one. Triple H went hand in hand, but Bischoff pulled it away. He said he wanted to go with the demon he knew more than he didn't know. Although before he could go further than that, Shawn Michaels came to catch things. HBK said that the last thing he wanted to do was cause trouble. He doesn't want to participate. But he remembers pledging to bring Triple H to nWo. HBK said that no one in the world that Triple H is a better friend. HBK told his friends to imagine the two together once again, making Bish's life. Asf is a living hell. Triple H said that it was an attractive offer. Then he turned to embrace HBK, making him officially changed to RAW! Triple H and HBK left and Bischoff looked at his victory. Bischoff said that the difference between these two people is that he has no testicles and she has no Stephanie whacked Bischoff at the head and left! <br /> <br /> Match 7: Christian Tag Team Championship Tournament and Lance Storm vs Hollywood Hogan and Edge. The competition starts with the song "USA" and Hogan through the ropes and Leaving the ring Canadians occupy from there But Edge scored a kick for the Christian head and put the buster on the strom to mount the tag at Hogan. Hogan began to appear and soon caught Christians with big boots and put a leg! Storor broke the record and Christian Chuck Hogan left the ring at Storm's possession. The Edge icon was tagged soon after and left the opponent. He stabbed the pair into the corner of the turnbuckles, but missed the spear, the storm, and banged heavily instead of Edge. DDT was able to catch, but the reference dropped and couldn't be counted Tested, ran down and took Hogan down with the edge boots. Storm tried to remove the pin, but Edge kicked out. After that, Riksihi ran in to prevent the test, allowing Edge to revive and Storm Christian's spear distracted the reference and Y2J hit and clocked with Tag Team. Championship! The storm rolled back and received a fall to win the title! The winner and the winner of the new tag team: Christian and Lance Stokes. <br /> <br /> Competition 8: WWE, the undisputed championship match, The Rock vs Kurt Angle and the Super Undertaker. Three of the most successful stars in WWE, three matches in a match, a threat with a championship match without problems hanging in the balance. Taker and The Rock face Kurt Angle. He received attention in the form of beating down two others. Shortly after, Taker came out of the ring and The Rock quarreled with Angle Angle, giving the Duplex series that destroyed Rock. But Great One countered with the DDT that managed to count twice. The fight continues outside of the ring, with Taker coming back to life again and getting the clothes corner and hitting The Rock repeatedly. Taker and Rock go back into the ring again and Taker leaves The Rock with a pedestrian walkway to Count twice The rock rebounded, picked up the receiver on the neck and nicknamed him! Angels stopped trying to pin, which should make The Rock the name The Rock retaliated by locking the ankle to Kurt Angle, the corner of the movement and Rock Bottomed, the public champion. Soon after, the Rock made a corner and hit people's elbows on the corner Undertaker. Trying to take advantage of the closure. Use the Great One outside the ring and cover the taker that kicks off after counting two. Outside the ring, Rock picked up a large leaf from a nearby water bottle and sprayed the liquid into the face of the light to make the blind champion. The receiver didn't turn off for a long time and was able to beat the rock and turn his attention to Angle. The receiver of the guillotine fell to the corner, placing a ring apron. Rock picked himself up in time to separate Pin's efforts in Kurt Angle. The rocket hit with DDT and set him to be a chokelam. ANgle tried to sneak up an iron chair, but Taker went into the gunhouse and hit it out. His hands The referee was caught in the fire and didn't see Angle, knocking the stupid Taker with an iron chair. Angle is obscure Taker while The Rockon is upside down. But the man lifted his shoulders up Angel tries to pin the stone. But he kicked out Rock up and land a corner in a sharpshooter! Angle seemed to touch him, but Taker kicked The Rock out of surrender. Taker picked up Rock and hit him with Last Ride while the dead covered him for victory. The corner ran in and picked up in the lock. Foot! The servant was raving with pain. But able to respond. He picked up the angle for the final driving, but Angle would suffocate! It seems that Taker is going to pass, but The Rock destroys Angle's hold, only to find himself stuck in the ankle lock. Rock out of holding and watching the chokeslam angle taker. Rocky banged at the rock butt. But the receiver refused to go down and kicked out. Angle threw the Taker into Angle Slam, but was rocked by the Great One and pinned! Winners and new WWE champions: The Rock <br /> <br /> ~ Finally, there is a good PPV! Recently, PPV was not that good, but this one was the winner. I gave this PPV A- <br /> <br />
