Many people know how it feels when your loved one loses. The pain, sorrow and grief are unbearable. However, sometimes it is a memory left behind that causes sad emotions. This theme is a great show in the short film 'Tulip', directed by Rachel Rift, an award-winning Australian actress. Explained as a movie 'About as much memory as it is about love', a string of sensitivity and a spiral feeling that specializes in this 15-minute film. <br /> <br /> 'Tulip' story The warmth of a man's journey to cope with the loss of his wife through the relationship he shared with a very special animal 'Tulip'. The film opens with The rising dawn, the birds singing and the vast landscape that offers the feeling of rural harmony throughout the movie, playing soft music, marking Jean Bain's entrance. She wore floral dresses and aprons. With a sun hat on her head She slowly brought her pet tulips to fondle her ears and slapped her back. The decoration of the house is impressive and attention to detail is reliable. (The tulip vase can be seen on the bench) which reflects the peaceful rural community. Will (Charles 'Bud' Tingwell) greets Ruth as she draws milk from the bucket. They pour milk and coffee together as a symbol of friendship and teamwork. Not the words spoken But clearly their relationship is close and cute They draw a picture of perfect happiness. <br /> <br /> Sadly, happiness is not forever. The tragedy of Ruth will deeply affect. The powerful scenes of fading cars will focus on Will's isolation and vulnerability at the end of the funeral day. He soon sank into despair and distracted the surrounding things when everything seemed hopeless and lost. At the time of the desperation of the tulip, the tulip becomes the symbol of Ruth. The true connection takes place with his late wife. It passes through the tulips to learn to cope with the lack of Ruth and overcome the lonely feelings of loneliness. <br /> <br /> Each character has a realistic and tight image. Charles 'Bud' Tingwell Bring the characters to life through personal investment. The recent loss of his own wife (Audrey Tingwell) reflected effectively in his performance. His shoulder shoulders and frowns at all times made the audience very sympathetic to the characters. Ruth's characters were used by Jean Bain astonishingly, although Ruth wouldn't say a single word throughout the movie. But her sweet personality and love relationship with Ville was clear. Lois Ramsey and Kati Edwards gave a delightful performance in supporting the role as Margaret and Mary. Friendly. They also added delicate humor. <br /> <br /> Little stories from the childhood of Griffths. The story of the loss and discovery is remarkably recorded in the beautiful 'Tulip'. This great show will make you have an eye for victory, or feel like drinking a cup of milk.
