Most successful comic books are based on having a bigger villain, life ready to jump off the screen and strangle you with a smile or dementia or two interactions. Tim Burton, it has the same as (In a more grotesque manner) Xin City, with the producer / director / actor Dick Tracy Warren Beatty, a gangster until it becomes part of the frame As a homage to the 1930- gangster picture, but this time for children, as opposed to Bonnie and Clyde - Dick Tracy, full of joy and happiness with the master and bright colors that criminals carry Tommy guns and Up on Face to shape their personality. Villains like Stooge, shoulders, lips, eyebrows, Mumbles, Blank, Pruneface, Spud Chester Gould give names to his characters that suit their profiles and make the hero's jaws. He can cut the glass. This movie is a continuation of a serious serious joke. <br /> <br /> If at that time, movies like Batman and (underrated) ninjas become dark in reality within the comic book outline. Dick Tracy is more than an old school. It is the story of police and robbers or Tracy's police detective as he tries to catch the Big Boy. (Al Pacino, in his greatest performance to date and in the sense of his great style), but without such luck In addition, there is a little boy called Charlie Korsmo who brings courage to this little boy more than imagined) and Tracy's love is interested in Tess. And then there is a 'Madam' nightclub (Madonna, which might not have shown a great performance But may be suitable for a good play, and she sings in a wonderful way when being called) that will not be a witness unless Tracy admits that he doesn't feel No for you Then there was a complicated correspondence by Tracy down and the mysterious noisy mask. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, as if mimicking the movie of Hawks Hawks in the style of visual A. Great effects and explosions Tracy adds in comedy, winking and nodding and action like syrup on high pancakes. It is surprising to see this world created in the way that they are obsessed today, just as a computer proxy (such as Sin City, which can be compared to Beatty's movies). This in a great shot, then pushed in the plot or whatever was in the editing of the masterpiece with the camera angle that seemed to come out of those little tilted panels in the old cartoon. I almost thought of the club during these scenes, whether it was the story, the music, the details and the punches and firing a few guns far to reveal what I had to say. It needs and has many catchy conversations from the script. (One of my favorites: "The enemy of my enemy is ... My enemy" includes any Pacino references and other numbers in quotes. <br /> <br /> Review this. Again after seeing it for the first time in the cinema (And remember only a little bit) Dick Tracy is the best boiled imagination. It is full of good cheers for children and with a nice, cute action that has gone out with no more malignant intentions than in the movie, its cousin. (Eg PG-13 fare) and for adults Beautifully dressed and a solid feeling for unsubtle. Even Dustin Hoffman took it up and he almost spoke in a voice!
