The launch credits are created for great entertainment and are the atmosphere of adventurers full of nods in the comic strip. All good people are good people, bad people, not everyone. And this movie is packed with familiar characters, which are covered with gruesom, together with their hi-lite features. <br /> <br /> Warren Beatty Dick Tracy is the most straightforward, tough, generally tough person who is usually a better fighter than the other man Al Pacino, while "Big Boy" Caprice stole every scene he was as a gangster. Backed in a city without their names In the 1930s, Madonna played the best person she could play. Breathless Mahoney, a nightclub singer and a bad woman who had her little agenda were going. Gleanne Headly is an aggressive and independent woman. long And then there was the funny Tracy Street Kid Tracy, who acted as a model after his agent's father and helped Tracy when the detective accepted his blown fate. <br /> <br Who is the character of the character Charles Durning, the police chief Dick Van Dyke, is a district attorney who bribes from Big Boy's followers to keep him on the road. Dustin Hoffman has humor while muttering snitch, which is a language that is unreadable. Police can't make the head or tail of what he can say. RG Armstrong is Pruneface, one of the gangster. Fight like Big Boy, creating a special loyalty to create a network of crimes that spread throughout the city. Mandy Patinkin is 88 Keys, a pianist for the Breathless show. Paul Sorvino plays the former Manlis lips. The grace of Breathless until Big Boy gave him "The Bath" James Caan plays a role in his makeup, quite a bit as the only gangster that does not fit the Big Boy William plans. Of Big Boy, Flattop and Itchy. <br /> <br /> This film preserves all the comic strips of corn, full of bright colors. Almost all sets are complicated in blue and green and yellow and red. Every color of the rainbow is found in this movie - and then some! The real drawing used to realize this world is a two-dimensional, only performed in a three-dimensional set. There is a lot of humor. Al Pacino fills the shoes of his character, unlike other characters he played before or after. Big Boy is crazy and self-pitying. He is a strange little man who is proud of the message of our founding father and compares himself to a great political leader. People with plans are always looking for the smartest way to do business.
