In the late 19th century, some in western America, many cows needed money to hunt buffalo. The leader of the group believes that the buffalo is too large for hunting to have any effect, but more experienced hunters see how quickly the population can collapse and he is not sure. Presenting buffalo flocks living in South Dakota and showing real hunting movies (The introduction of the movie explains that it needs to be thin.) This film serves a great role in presenting the condition of the buffalo. Being taught about this story <br /> <br /> True story, but about an unusual family created by a small group established to hunt animals. The father figure is Charlie, a man with a short fuse. Sandy "his brother" is an experienced hunter who is tired of killing. But wanted a job after losing his cow Half Indian boy who hates the fact that he looks all white people, he plays a adopted son, a grandfather (and a moral compass), a buffalo with alcohol; Charlie's "wife" is an Indian woman who killed a friend after stealing a horse. <br /> <br /> Charlie is clearly the most interesting person. He has meaning and insulting everyone around him. But at the same time, he knew that they were just family and friends that he had He expected that the kidnapped Indian woman hated him and accepted him. But he didn't know how to respond when she refused to do that He was the one who made the family together at first. But he is the one who destroys it in the end. <br /> <br /> All of this is similar to the "Red River". A classic, strange family that has been torn by a more violent and strange father figure. As expected, this movie has a problem in comparison. The story does not focus on character development and family dynamics and the direction fails to make every scene work towards this common goal. Charlie is a very disgusting person from the beginning until we have no reason to care about what happened to him or his family. However, in a positive light, the message that surrounds the killing of a buffalo adds a special dimension to the movie and its conclusions are superior to the end of Hollywood, which is attached to the end of the "Red River". The Last Hunt "is an interesting and fun movie created well But lacking the need to consider that it is a classic movie
