Scarface is one of the most obvious gangster movies in the 80's. Scarface is a movie of that time. The first thing you notice when you watch this movie is that it makes you shout 'Made in 1983' costumes, music scores, and hairstyle soundtrack. Don't make mistakes. This is a movie about crime in the 80s and in While should be dated, it is not terrible. This is a great movie. While the songs of Georgio Moroder dated fairly But still admiring the story of Tony Montana. Thanks to Oliver Stone's excellent screenplay and the first direction of Brian De Palma, one of the two things he did with Pacino (another story) is a wonderful way of Carlito) All trademarks of De Palma are here; Strong language, graphic violence (Moreover), exaggerated style, such as a great set, and of course the camera works in style. <br /> <br /> Pachino dominates this movie and I mean literally. He is the star of this film. His performance above the film is one of the movies that Pacino didn't say much as he shouted them this time with a great Cuban accent. However, this is Pacino and he did it amazingly. Only he was able to reach the top and remain far away from the movie with his honesty in acting. While some people may complain about his shouting and all the exaggerated things, this is a movie that is too much. See the production design of Tony's house. See the violence in this movie. The frantic event is cruel and their blood is everywhere. The shooting at the end gave the body a lower rate, similar to Schwarzenegger and Stallone in the movie Rambo, rather than watching the amount of coke that appeared in the movie. this story He received support from actors that were similar to speaking their roles in a more controlled manner. In particular, Steven Bauer as Manny, Tony's best friend is the outstanding actor who supports it. His performances are controlled and quiet in De Niro's style, which is surprising that he has made a soft porn video. Of course, Michelle Firfer adds charm, seductiveness. Robert Loggia has added normal attraction. And Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio, the grand opening as Tony's sister. <br /> <br /> Of course, this is just a movie that is beyond There is much more to drugs, violence, rape, fanaticism and a big shot. This is a movie about the dark side of the American dream. In many ways, it makes it different from the movie The Godfather. Tony finds himself coming to America, getting everything, living the American dream and then Lost it all in a violent form and by saying that he lost everything, I mean he lost everything He killed his best friend. His sister was killed. His kingdom fell around him and was killed in his own mansion. The bullet penetrated him. <br /> <br /> Scarface is one of the movies. At the beginning of the year 80, of course, it didn't have the subtleties of The Godfather, but it was still a good movie and it was worth it again.
