I have been privileged to watch Scarface on a large screen with 35mm print that has been beautifully restored to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the movie release. It's very good to see this thing on a large screen because it's missing a lot on TV and the overall picture of this project can't be stressed enough. <br /> <br /> Scarb is a remake of the rag. Classic, rich, to the story of hell with Al Pacino as Tony Montana's Cuba In this version, Tony came to America during the Cuban wave in the late 70s and early 1980s. Tony and his friends received a quick green card from political drafting in the tent city and after staying at Cuban Restaurant Tony launches on his horrifying path to all destruction This movie, over the last twenty years, Robert Loggia as Tony Frank Lopez's patron is great. His character has too many errors of trust and when Tony quickly understands. Omar Suarez, Lopez's right hand, played by F. Murray Abraham (Amadeus), one of our great actors, Suarez is the best and Will do everything for Frank; It was like he didn't have his own heart. Tony quickly saw this, and he fought with Suarez continuously, but actually saw that he was a little problem to pass. The character that came back to me like playing perfectly, was the Melbourne-style detective Miami Narcotics that Harris Yolin (the training day) that was corrupt, played by Mel without any guilt. He played the role of Tony from Frank until he met him in the scene of the film Frank and Mel. It is an invaluable story when hearing that Frank asks Mel to ask, because Tony is about to kill him only to hear Mel's answer. "It's Frank's tree. You're sitting there." This is from someone who Frank paid for protection. <br /> <br /> Tony's rise is a meteorological story and paired with speed and violence from His only mistake and fast burning After leaving Frank and getting Tony's greed to do business, he seems to be inadequate. While Tony kneels deep into the world of drugs, greed and inability to trust, he eventually kills his best friend and his sister who falls in love and marries. All of this caused the end, which Tony's troops had been attacked by his suppliers who felt betrayed because Tony had not passed the political assassination ordered. All of this happened during the time of sympathy when Tony refused to be an accomplice in the murder that would involve the wife and children of the victim. <br /> <br /> All of this is a great picture. Of cocaine's excess culture, DePalma works well to integrate into one of the three fastest moving movies. The violence is a great graphic, and there are a few scenes that will be buried in the audience's heart forever, especially the chainsaw that saw two shots shot in the head and the blood-like battle that ended. the movie This movie is a movie that is made especially for those who are not bored or for those who want to finish the scene with fast pace and potential sequels.
