"Classic is something everyone wants to read. But nobody wants to read the classics, it is something that everyone admires. But nobody reads "-Mark Twain <br /> <br /> 'Classic' seems to be the word used to describe" Scarface ", Brian DePalma's movie in 1983 about wealth, self-surrender, greed and danger. Among Florida's drug rings People and critics (And the rapper for that) saw that this movie was 'The Great Classic Gangster' or 'The Eptiome of the Gangster Movie' When it was anything but highly regarded for the wrong reason, Scarface is a great movie that deserves praise from all corners. But not every compliment received from the audience today and to get a good score that the general public can't miss. <br /> <br /> First of all, this film is about Cuban refugees who Is there a past wanting to escape from communism and understand happiness? Yes. But the layer of genius, director of De Palma and the great story written by Oliver Stone (Yes, I know he actually wrote the real thing here). Play all. Every character is looking for an escape because escape is a natural element that is relevant to everyone in the movie. Each character has something to offer, which makes everyone who likes this movie a favorite. They have been included in the magical world and money. But everything is as much as they learn Each character thinks that they have a better chance in life when the real drama irony. They are worse. 'Tragedy' is a better word to describe this movie. Everyone who appreciates this movie because of drug use, violence, dialogue, missed the issue completely. There is nothing positive about this movie, in addition to the positive expectations of the characters. And that is why this movie works well Destruction throughout the film serves to send the film's message, not cool or attracting viewers. Brian De Palma does not make movies for gangsters, cults or incompetent action fans. <br /> <br /> Continue This movie is an adult drama. It's not a 'gangster movie'. It has a share of actions. But with careful planning, so there is no issue like "aliens" - an example of a big stupid action movie and most viewers think that this movie is a big stupid action movie about Taking drugs and shooting ridiculous people. Hogwash If this movie is about that, it's a very bad thing. It's not a promotion. <br /> <br /> This thing is said to be a really good movie. It has a great movie that draws you into the story. It has an amazing score (in true Giorgio Moroder style) which may make you feel chills or make you tears. This movie is quite long. But it is a story and every moment counts The performance was excellent. Al Pacino - When speaking, he was able to do whatever he intended and this was no exception. The beautiful boy Steven Bauer is Manny. I didn't miss him so much in the other movies he did, but he actually made you like him when he was under the guidance of Maestro de Palma. Michelle Pfeiffer is a real gem like Elvira reappears on the heels of disgrace in "Grease 2". She gets her tickets to ride. The show doesn't hold the show of beauty beyond sight. But three real diamonds in this rough place are Mary Elizabeth Mastrontonio as Gina, Tony's sister. When she smiles or cries, we see her spirit and her new life and look worse. Paul Serne, while Alejandro Sosa is a drug-addicted godfather who runs deeper than the river and Sern plays him like that. And Miriam Colom as Tony and Gina's mother who has been torn The three dig the film as deep as possible. <br /> <br /> This examiner learned important things when watching "Scarface" for the first time, often going into unsuspecting movies. The advertisement and talk of this movie cannot prepare you for what you see. There is only knowing that De Palma (like me) can let you see what the film holds. So don't overlook the clutter, ignore the violent supporters who don't care and fix themselves. Bailey glass on the rock and release yourself to watch the mood of the great movie "Scarface".
