Those who received this low score may not have seen the famous George Balanchine production on stage or let them scorn the casting of Macaulay Culkin's influence on their decisions. Ballet in Atlanta, fortunately enough, from 1960 to 1980, was the first ballet company to be allowed to produce this drama, in addition to the ballet New York City and I saw it performing live on stage many times. I assure you that this film is a very accurate presentation and the use of children with limited dancing abilities in that role is not a cheap acrobat that dreams of showing Culkin; It is Balanchine's idea to use the child in this role, just as he thought of using the child for the role of Marie. "Heavy" dance was left to adults in this story. <br /> <br /> This is an aggressive film; It is similar to Laurence Olivier's "Othello" as in the film. The production on stage has been expanded to the size of the movie stage. But did not make anything less artificial, and the ballet was photographed with a close-up, straightforward and without fast cutting "Music Video" featured in 1986, Beyond Real, Maurice Sendak - Carroll Ballard issue. There are only two mistakes in this film. In 1993, one was to add a completely unnecessary and unnecessary sound effect. (The mouse's treble, children whispering "Ma-gic!" To Drosselmeyer and others) Those sound effects were never heard in every production of the "Nutcracker" and they were organized. To be a cheap concession, just to please the uncomplicated audience who may not enjoy the idea of ​​watching ballet on film. <br /> <br Other wrong steps are the makeup of the crackers of Macaulay Culkin, which looks absolutely ridiculous When he was on the screen as a Nutcracker instead of wearing a large mask (As always done when producing Balanchine performed on stage), Culkin was actually created as a toy - he wore something that looked like a bald hat, just like White beard and beard wig In addition, he still has his face tumbled somewhat, and the worst thing of his makeup is that it still recognizes his face, changing like an amateur in a manner similar to Ray Bolger Jack. Haley and Bert Lahr's makeup in "The Wizard of Oz" (although the effect of the film's performance is amazing as it is not) and the comparison with Baryshnikov's nutcracker in * results His show shows how Baryshnikov's nutcracker mask creates a miracle - "jaws" that seem to be moving whenever Baryshnikov tilts his head. <br /> <br /> Own dance in Macaulay Culkin, of course, that version is great, except for Culkin, whose dancers like I don't mean to be beautiful (Sugar Plum Fairy and Cavalier have her outstanding dance roles in the production of Balanc's "The Nutcracker" hine) although the color of the movie may be slightly brighter because this IS is a fantasy The choreography is also excellent, and its adaptations are faithful, including the sequence of songs added from the ballet Tchaikovsky "The Sleeping Beauty" - while Marie sneaks down to the floor, sleeping on the couch. And the dream at Drosselmeyer "The broken Nutcracker (this sequence is definitely not included in the original ballet of Tchaikovsky --- it is the only sequence in this production that has music from other jobs than" The Nutcracker ") /> <br /> Those who miss the picture Foreign matter or insulting. (Or hate it) should give an opportunity, even if there are two big disadvantages It's better than anyone else first heard that Culkin was in there.
