Released as Zentropa in North America to avoid confusion with Agniezska Holland's catastrophic film Europa Europa. This film is the third story of a filmmaker who has never been surprised to be inspired or seriously shocked. After the end of World War II The American name Leo does not have what he does fully. He has been involved in the repair of the country since his heart. No matter how he listens, he is not a Nazi sympathizer or a professional, especially German. His uncle, who worked on the railroad, received a lion as an assistant on a sleeping car and he was pinned to the vortex in 1945. The horrors and puzzles of Germany <br /> <br /> This progress Started when Leo Memorable play by a calm and restless actor, Jean-Marc Barr, met with a hot woman on a train played by Barbara Sugawa, a gentle actress on the surface. But with internal strength She tempted him and brought him home to meet with her family who owned the company that produced the train. This is a precise train that leads Jews to death during the war. But now they run a boring day-to-day table and that Uncle Kessler's uncle is one of the good Germans who have just worked for them. There is also the great actor Udo Kier who blows me out of the shocking Epidemic of Von Trier. Although here he is just a scenery scene, <br /> <br /> Other guests in the house are Eddie Constantine. A silent actor Is playing as a somber American witty person He can confirm that Uncle Kessler is a war criminal, although everything is messy with Leo. Americans have had a marked negative impact for decades. But they didn't care more than Leo, who returned to his work in what seemed to be death. <br /> <br /> The story was told in an unconcerned manner by the director. The Danish version of the film is Lars von Trier, who is an amazing film and film commentator. He photographed black and white images. He used exposure, double light effects, and trickery photography. After the actor interacted with the back projection, he placed his character in the gray internal organs world. So that they feel like insects The mirror for our more accurate surveys. <br /> <br /> The Sirlyalis work that received the Grand Jury award is comparative. But may be a clear voice for all audiences I interpret it as a movie about the back legs of Nazi ideology, the symbol of the train and the ethical responsibilities of Americans and others who appear too late to recover martyrs of these trains and the camps in which they distribute vehicles. Condemned transport At the time of the film and the Nazi state and the importance of the train that died But like the chicken that was executed, they still stared through the reaction. <br /> <br /> Music characters, conversations And the plot is intentionally deliberately and almost procured from the film noir meeting The most interesting point in the movie is the point of filming all the movies. Two trains stopped back and forth. Barr continued on one trip with Sukowa, a blood-filled underwater image. An unusual expression sequence in which it must be like drowning And things that have metaphysical impact on most people. Shooting an anesthetic when Max von Sidow's voice attracts us to return to Europe with him and abandon our personal restraint.
