For some reason, this film never appeared in the original language in my neck in the forest. (Although the owner of the TCM UK Cable channel, which broadcasts the MGM name for the week), is more frustrating than MIA on the DVD, even from Warners recently announced "Western Classics Collection" ( Which includes other attempts by Robert Taylor); Maybe they're saved for "Signature Collection" finally devoted to the stalwart of this MGM, which may come next year in time for the 40th anniversary of his passing. <br /> <br /> I say this Because this film made him a vile role as a selfish Western man with a hatred for Indian and who chose to take advantage of his expert marksmanship. The statement opened to shocking statistics that the population of this species decreased from 60,000,000 to 3,000 in the area of ​​just 30 years! As a colleague, Taylor chose the former professional of the Stewart Granger trade? The congregation of alcohol-pinned Lloyd Nolan (who constantly mocked Taylor and vindicated Taylor continuously) and a half-breed teen Russ Trumblin for this purpose. As expected, the company's relationship is shaky? Remind the memories of that at the center of THE ANNEDED SPUR (1953) of Anthony Mann, a cool outdoor western MGM. In fact, this film has been closely recognized for the taste and strength of Mann's work in this field. (Although being the first writer / director Brooks to leave only a few places Here too, storytelling will appear in public. (Debra Paget half-breed) to fight between two strong actors? And Granger, such as James Stewart of THE NAKED SPUR, cannot return to his work. (His remorse for killing buffalo for sports and profits is well known.) <br /> <br /> Taylor uses Paget for himself ?? She is brave, but calmly patiently approaches him while secretly wishes Granger? And let his frustration with the villagers at the bar while drunk! Taylor didn't come out of the deal: like the protagonist of the story of SIERRA MADRE (1948), he became shy and jealous of his colleagues, especially with a rare story? And therefore have value ?? Hide the white buffalo caught He reached the point of buffalo madness at one point. (As Nolan predicted) made him become a thunder, a thunder that shook from the flock of the race! The hunting scene is impressive, right? The buffalo broke down to the ground when attacked, the endless capture of the day and the remains that later disturbed the meadows. The unusual but memorable feature of this film is famous: with the full winter, now paranoid. Dealer - Go out to find Grainger's blood in the waiting outside of Grainger's Cave. (Which later and Paget had escaped); When Grainger emerged the next morning, did he find Taylor in a stupid position? Frozen to death! <br /> <br /> By chance, my father is the owner of a novel from this story. (By Milton Charlotte) from the time of the original movie: In fact, he has compiled a lot of books like this ?? After all, training is still in popularity? Newly released book to promote adaptation in the cinema Similarly for Taylor and Grainger notes ?? Who works well here Have worked together (As a sibling whale hunter!) On a maritime adventure, everyone has a sibling (1953) - which is surprising enough to be hard to see. Show on Italian TV for what looks like age) !!
