Come immediately on the heels of Match Point (2005), which is a rather repetitive piece of "Woody serious". Scoop gives new hope to a small band. But Allen's hard death Found his form again One frustrating effort that caused Melinda and Melinda (2004) to be disgusting and embarrassing (2003) caused a lot of suspicion that another comedy about Woody. One with or without his participation as an actor Happily, the card becomes a tarot deck that acts as Scoop's clever Maguffin and gives positive readings for the future of Woody Allen comedy. <br /> Woody's handsome cast - sad one. in The weakest element of his film in the past few years - this was the inspiration for mocking himself and finally humbling that he would not be able to play a romantic leader with a young woman. To be a daughter or granddaughter in Scoop, Allen has assigned the role of Sid Waterman, an old magician with a cheap trick and a stage actor who is like Woody himself. His performance went to London, where the audience - if not open - at least polite. Just like Chaplin's Calvero in Limelight (1952) Sid the masked paddler gave Allen the chance to wear a slightly distorted mask of the artist who rejected art and who The audience is not large or grateful anymore. Moreover, since they look like the characters of Allen's ticks and the protracted impostors, they are less distracting here than they sometimes. <br /> <br /> The characters of the paddlers also act as Regulation in the plot The magic box that melted in his body became a reasoning place for a visit from Jostrombelle. (Ian McShane), a famous journalist and victim of cardiac arrest Presented on a ferry to the Pex River to Hadstrombelle, jumping on the boat repeatedly because he could not rest in eternity without having to communicate the last "scoop" about his identity "The Tarot Killer" Unfortunately, his first return from death led him to the magic show of a paddler and a single conduit for his heat, becoming an undergraduate in journalism. Sondra Pransky (Scarlett Johansson), which was called from the audience Magician's trick Sondra seized the opportunity of an enthusiastic journalist and pulled the reluctant Waterman into the investigation to play the role of her wealthy father, as shown in Lost in Translation Johansson. Allen is very amusing and many others never threaten to become a romantic prelude. <br /> <br /> Scoop's serial killer storyline involving murder and prostitution The chief suspect nobleman Peter Wyman Wyman. (Hugh Jackman) There is no doubt that the predictable results of London's long exposure to Allen But in other aspects of the Scoop (at the meeting point) comes from Woody's childhood life that encounters British culture. Level structure, etiquette, idioms, costumes, architecture and strange driving habits make new materials fresh for observing human behavior as well as sharp social friction. For example, when Sondra tried to congratulate Peter Lyman in a luxurious private club, Waterman noted. "From his point of view There is a lot of humor created by contretemps of England's strict reserved social manners that confront popular Jewish borscht-belt. And of course, there is a fun way out of the smart car paddlers that he doesn't remember having to drive on the left side of the road. <br /> <br /> Normally, Allen's humor in the scoop includes the amount. The heaviness of in-jokes, using the style of allusions to movies and literary sources as well as increasing, according to his own film work In addition to the prevalent Jack Ripper references, for example, the soundtrack of the film was managed by Grieg's "The Hall of the Mountain King", which is a song by Hah. Beck Curt The manifestation of the funeral of the journalist who spoke about the exploits of Joe Strombel, who had just gone to imitate the opening of Broadway Rose (1984). Deconstructing Harry (1997) including the use of Death as a character (along with strange sounds and costumes). Using Mandelbaum as the character name and mention of Adair University (Harry's "alma mater" and Sondra is now Students) In addition, the use of Greek mythology systematically on a cruise in the Hell River came to Hades, reminiscent of the use of Greek gods and singers in Mighty Aphrodite (1995). <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> For the jokes-liners than they are Before this point in his career, but the Scoop at least a few people to remember. For questions about his religion, Waterman replied: "I was born in the persuasion of the Hebrews. But later I changed into narcissism. "And Zondra removed the scrambled crime detector of Waterman:" If we put our heads together, you will hear a hollow sound. "In conclusion, Scoop is a comedy that The most satisfying in a decade
