Hello again from the darkness. Remember all "What happened to Woody Allen" funny story? Even Mr. Allen spoke with the fans who wanted him to continue making funny movies. Like the great artist, Mr. Allen's craft developed over the years, and he lost fans. Last year's masterpiece "Matchpoint" shows that he is still relevant. And irritated like in the past of "Annie Hall" and "Manhattan". The most outstanding thing for us 40 years. The fans are Mr. New York. Clearly he really likes England !! While filming "Matchpoint", Mr. Allen was fascinated by Scarlett Johansson and the real-life spirits and humor. This gravitational force made him write the best comedy in many years. Scarlett, while having too high a risk, must get credit because not only choosing a movie that makes her fall in a charming light She is not afraid to look and act like a real person. In the movie "Scoop", she screened comedy films on screen and in many scenes, she presented an interesting story for Allen's young man. Of course, whenever Mr. Allen decides to put himself in front of the camera, he will receive more than his share of one torpedo and social commentary - which is good because few people do better. <br /> <br /> The great support works from Ian McShane and Hugh Jackman. In fact, Mr. Jack Man told us why many of us think he is the best choice to replace Brosnan as a bond. New card Like most of Allen's films, the script is not an actor. Although Scarlett delivers this wonderful place and is a great difference to Allen and Jackman, it is a disagreement. .. especially the parody between Allen and Scarlett. If you're not a big fan of Woody, don't be afraid. He limits his screen time and he is quite effective. In this short scene, two or three scenes that almost looks like it will not happen. Another tradition of Woodman is the sparkling musical background and "Scoop" is no exception ... especially in the composition of Strauss. <br /> <br /> "Scoop" is a good cross between "Annie Hall" and Marx's best brothers, Gary Grant's comedy or drama Yes, it's a joke for adults. But actually it's very cute ... especially for serial killers and funny jokes !!
