First, let me comment that the audience likes it from the first moment. Perhaps the current events in the Middle East might make people think "I am a comedian and by George, I will enjoy it." But for whatever reason, everyone looks really funny. A few times, Woody tried to make jokes (Crooks Small Time, Curse of Jade Scorpion, Hollywood Ending). I felt like one person torpedo felt a bit stressed and outdated. I remember thinking of one point. "It would be funny at the beginning of the sixties." So in this movie I was afraid that Woody would become a deaf voice. Admittedly, there are many AARP cards that my friends hold in the screening, but there are 20-somethings and 30-somethings. As well, and all of them seem to have received it and laughed from time to time, in addition to many guffaws, chuckles and dislikes. In many occasions, throwing them makes people laugh loudly until you miss the next line. < br /> <br /> In my heart, Woody is capturing the familiar area. As I doubt from this movie trailer, there are a lot of Manhattan murders in there. But then again, there is more than a smedgen of Oedipus Wrecks (New York story), Alice and even a little tribute to Broadway Danny Rose at A good starting point <br /> <br /> Even though there is a woody in the Scarlett movie as Sondra used to be a woody proxy. But her character is far from Nebisch, which says that Wilferrell will give us Melinda and Melinda or Kenneth Branaugh, trying in the Celebrity instead of the typical tick and Sondra's quirky temperament directly from the history. The family she shared first In many times "Family business" leads her to the irregularities that we receive as an audience while the characters on the screen can recognize that they are not strangers. Since we are in a joke, we can't help but laugh, but the laughter doesn't come from remembering Woody Nebibic. But comes from a real character At a good level, which is different from Farrell, Branaugh, Cusack or even Mia Farrow in front of her. Scarlett does not need to use Woody to make Woody a role, so we do not find ourselves torn apart by the voice of Wood. Daddy emerges from the face of others. <br /> <br /> While my friend commented on Sid's exit, the character played by Woody Is a factor But in the middle more than I expected. However, this time, Woody seems to write a script that fits his personality today. Different from his character, Ed Dobel, in Anything Else or his blind director in Hollywood Ending. This time the character is casual, perhaps more important, this time the character will work on this issue. Within the elevated circles, they find themselves as fish that come out of the water more than Scarlett, which is used in great comedy performances throughout. Sid is a traveling magician who has reduced to play with a small audience, but the fact that he came from another era is placed in front and is the center of our entertainment. <br /> <br /> But Jackman What? Then Ian (Swearengen) McShane, I like them both as much as they used to work. I like McShane's short but powerful change, especially Jackman. It's charming with the simplicity of the "old money" that is usually shown in the movie 50 years ago (the echoes of the purple rose classroom of Cairo) <br /> <br /> What do I think? The short answer may be his best comedy since Bullets Over Broadway in 1994, a little more chic than the great Aphrodite, less erosion than fragmentation. Harry forced less than crooks. Wa Small asses or endless Hollywood. Woody finally discovered the comics that were active in the 21st century.
