"Scoop" is also the name of a thirty-old novel, Evelyn Waugh and the new film of Woody Allen. Even today, there is charm and retro simplicity. It does not have the depth of character traits, intense performances, fear or shocking in the final stages of Allen's final effort. "Match Point" (argued by many people, including this critic, will come back strong. ) But "Scoop" Allen's final outing focuses on the British nobility, luxury flats in London, murder and detection This time, Woody walked away from the mysterious assassin and returned to be a comedian and himself on the screen as the famous male singer Sid Waterman. Dini Belongs to the persuasion of the Hebrews But when I grew up I switched to narcissism "after the revelations amid the non-standard actions of Splendini with Scarlett Johansson (as Sondra Pransky). The unmatched volunteer audiences were interested in the post. Of the British writer on the edge of Styx Joe Strombel (Ian McShane) recently discovered the shadow of Lyman's son's secretary who said she had been poisoned and she told him that Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman) was a murderer. g Tarot Serial killer in london Sondra and Sid became an amateur detective immediately. With Sid's sluggishness and Sondra's amazing beauty, they quickly cut their sleeves to the noble noble creams in London. <br /> <br /> Woody doesn't hold his young woman's heroine - In "Match Point" Johansson again - like in the past, this time, more than that, Scarlett is not an ambitious movie star and a movie star. She surprisingly transformed into klutzy, bespectacled but still coed. Beautiful Sid and Sondra had no flirting which was a great relief. They collaborated more politely or less to follow Strombel's desire to make friends with Lyman and watch him for clues to his faults. With the slightest protest, Sid agrees to appear as Sondra's father, Sondra, who is Peter, who falls in love with the club's swimming pool. Mr. Spence is Woody breaking the rules of play. card But he played with them and played with the husband in poker, causing him to not stop and be clearly successful as he was in the oil And the precious metal like "Jade" told him to say <br /> <br /> that's all about it or what can be said without losing the story by revealing its results In Allen's first decision to make Johansson a naive, innocent, and poorly dressed college girl, it seems not just mercy. But it was a bad decision, but Johansson, who had plucked and dressed as an actor, managed to perform miraculously by Jack Man, an actor who knows how to make any actress to look like it if he wishes her. This film creates a sense of relationship to create a finite character: Sid and Sondra Spar in a friendly manner, and Peter and Sondra have convincing charm even though they are inventive and broken. Sleeping with madness to kill the suspect) <br /> <br /> The little thing Paul is is that Allen once again rang from the wealth and class of England. Things in his Brooklyn Seems to have left him for. Jackman is an impressive, charming and lively friend. His parents are English. But the comedian, musician, this athlete can be raised in Australia ("Wolverine X-Man's"). Really, is it a good person Maybe in the movie (here and in "Kate and Leopold") <br /> <br /> The film isn't as strong as "Match Point" but it can be said that it is a loss because some viewers. There are quite wrong. It is not deeper than a half-hour radio drama or TV program. But Woody's jokes are more fun and original than you can get in any media, and sometimes they come back with intelligence and intelligence. It does not matter whether the movie is stupid or slash-dash when changing the entertainment in the summer. On hot days, you don't need heavy meals. Something that encourages fun during the time when the movie comedies are an entertainment that is not shaken by Vince Vaughan or Owen Wilson. Critics are eager to tell you that this is a return to the rejection of Al. Lane that leads "Match Point". Don't believe them. He didn't try too much, why would he? He might be 70 years old, but verbally he still looks good. And his body is moving fast as well
