I was lucky to receive a free pass to screen 'Scoop' in advance last night. Full at the theater and when the movie ends, there is a natural applause. I didn't speak to anyone who didn't like 'Scoop', even though two teenagers were sitting next to me, sighing and restless, uncomfortable for most movies. They are exceptions because everyone, including myself, is really happy. <br /> <br /> 'Scoop' is a fast-paced murder mystery. A young journalist student was unconsciously forced by a force outside her control to try to catch a loose serial killer. And she falls in love with a young, cheerful and charming nobleman. <br /> <br /> 'Scoop' is not part of Woody Allen's film work. It's not his best job. But it is a fun and cheerful song I think it is perfect for the average movie of Woody Allen in the middle of the envelope. If you are a fan of Woody Allen, you will enjoy yourself. If you are not interested in his work, 'Scoop' may be enough to make you more interested in seeing. I don't think anyone who doesn't like the style of film making and his acting will change his mind. Woody plays the same type of character that we have grown up, even though it has the risk of being forced and superior in this film. While it may intensify for some people who may find themselves wanting him to hurry up and spray words My thoughts, even though I found myself thinking of Ian McShane, that was excellent and not on the camera almost enough. Hugh Jackman is great as a charming nobleman, and I think Woody Allen has discovered a new star that will work with Scarlett Johanson. I think with 'Match Point', this is her second match and she just uses magic and materials that Woody gave her. May be the beginning of a beautiful relationship! I'm glad I watched the movie and definitely recommended it. A comedy that is more complicated than a movie like 'Scary Movie 4', so if your comedy brand is more of a movie than the past, Scoop might not be right for you. On the other hand, if you like the touch of class, complexity and fun, 'Scoop' for you may not be the movie of Woody Allen that I introduce to newcomers. But everyone should try
