I didn't watch this program as often as I was a child. But the first episode I remember seeing was when Kimmy Gibbler broke Stephanie's ear. When I started high school in 2000, I had problems throughout high school and I didn't want to go in there. But I always watch the recorded bells But the performance reminded me of the problems I faced at school and it didn't show that the parents of the children recorded with the bell sounded ok. But not a good family performance A few days after I graduated from high school in 2004, I switched the TV into a family channel and the day-to-day I stick to the full house. I can also press the info button and see the year it came out and I will remember what I did during that time. The episode is about to come and it's called "Birthday blues" and to this day it is the most favorite episode. It is sad with the happy ending and you see Kimmy Gibbler the way she did not do in other episodes She showed her serious side. I have 1,2,3,4,5 and 6 seasons on the DVD and I'm waiting 7 and 8. I hope they have a documentary and comments from the cast members. I do not know why some people have hate for this program because you do not see the garbage and violence in this program. And for those who hate this show, I ask you because you may grow in an incomplete family that doesn't have love But the big house in my opinion is a family that lives in heaven where everyone is happy. And the character is great Danny Tanner reminds me of my mother and grandmother. Joey always has good habits and good emotions. When I was a kid, I used to be like Jesse and he was the first actor on TV as a man obsessed with me. Anyhow, you can tell that DJ is a California woman. I like Kimmy Gibbler's episode a lot because she makes me smile and make my day brighter when I watch her. And Stephanie is very cool I also have a hard time telling Olsen the twins from each other. I want my children to see one day But the full house is my # 1 favorite and Sabrina. The teenage witch is my 2nd favorite. One day, sometimes before I die, I want to meet with a full house actor myself. The first three seasons are quite amazing. Bored But getting better in season 4. I just hope that they will do the 9th season. They stopped doing full house in 1995 and in the fall of 1996, Sabrina, the teenage witch came out. (Which is a similar family list) but the full house is a show that shows a lot of love and they have a good and bad time and yes I understand If you are a type of wild garbage, you will hate this show. But this is a show for happiness and a moral act In addition, I want to say that the first 3 seasons are good children's performances. But in Season 4 and 5, DJ and Stephanie became teenagers. I also noticed not only But with full house performances But there were a lot of performances. They never talked about world and political problems as when the house was full on the air during the Gulf War in 1991 and at the time of the Oklahoma bombing in 1995, they Never talk about this Steve is also a fan of my favorite DJs. People with poisonous snakes and Nelson are not very interesting, but season 5 and 6 I think it's best. I just hope that they will do the 9th season because it leaves a big question mark in my head because at the last moment in the last minute, DJ received a surprise and went to her party with her ex-boyfriend Steve. Always wondering If they come back together And I like the way in the past season. DJ is a respectable person and Stephanie always wants to do something courageous like in the episode. "Stephanie's Wild Ride"
