If you are watching this program for the first time, you may start wondering whether you are in a real situation or not. Colorful and imaginative characters? Fun conversations? Plots that seem profound to them, even creating an atmosphere of suspense and drama sometimes? I mean, this is a children's show, right? This place is the same place that brings children like "Pokemon", "Pepper Ann", "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers" and "VR Troopers" (Please note that the three names mentioned above are for sending Out of the bad Japan, Fox Network and Saban Entertainment) Don't worry. You are just an example of the quality fares that are available to children in the late 1980s and early 1990s. "Transformers", "Garfield and Friends", "Captain Power" and "COPS" (cartoons are not to be confused with live performances on Fox). In addition to these excellent examples, Disney also returns to programs created for Children with a group of players named "The Disney Afternoon", in addition to the stupid "The Gummi Bears" list, early performances such as "Darkwing Duck", "Duck Tales" and "Chip 'N Dale's Rescue Rangers "Trust the Disney animation team like" The Little Mermaid "," Beauty and the Beast "," South Life Rescue "and" The Great Mouse Detective "but above all this miracle shines" TaleSpin "for the premiere of" Plunder and Lightning "for two hours of thrilling and award-winning Emmy For my happiness, the rest of that episode depends on the premiere contract. <br /> <br /> While I enjoy the plans and conversations, I guess the most attractive thing is the character. With Rebecca Cunningham, an independent woman Kit Cloudkicker is full of pre-teen embarrassment and optimism; Louie, with his loyalty and support, Frank Wildcat, the most entertaining engineer since the original Scottish "Star Trek"; Molly Cunningham is cute and witty. But with the depth that most child characters don't have, and of course in the middle of it all, there is Baloo, which I want to describe as a messy version of James Bond. This is because whenever there is a problem, Baloo rescues life with the help of the fastest and fastest sea ducks (read: James Bond's Aston Martin). Of course, every great performance must have a great villain and TaleSpin did not disappoint, too, from the businessman's megalomania, Shere Kahn, until vain and failed to pirate the air of Don Karnage until the cold and ineffective Thembrians of the Soviets. The animation is good, the right music and now is the best thing that kids have ever had, so much fun for the whole family!
