This film made a statement about Joseph Smith, what he stood for and what the LDS Church believed. With the current media coverage of some refugees causing the LDS Church to be confused with the FLDS Church and refugees, Warren Jeffs Jeffs is not affiliated with the LDS Church, but foreign media groups have asked for comments about Jeffs from LDS Church Jeff didn't mention in the movie at all. But I think it is ridiculous that this movie that has everything about Joseph also points away from the FLDS church and their leaders in the media world at this time. This is a movie about Joseph Smith and a great movie. The most obvious difference between Jeff and Joseph is that it shows humanity, acceptance and love of Joseph. Jeff's views and opinions are very different from Joseph Smith and the LDS Church and are seen in this movie. Jeffs thinks "Negroes" are demons. Joseph Smith knows that they Was a child of God and gave his wife's favorite horse to African Americans (former slaves) to buy the son's freedom. Joseph showed his wife Emma's homework and was criticized by members until Joseph told him that a man might lose his wife in the next life if she chose not to live with her husband and household work as a way. That will help and nurture your wife. Jeffs brings his multi-wife's wife to her knees in front of a student-filled class by grabbing her braid cord and twisting it. These top pain she brought to her knees. Eventually, Joseph joined the law enforcement agency and asked for help from the government all the time. Jeffs lifted the government and escaped all the time. <br /> <br /> I like this movie and if you don't know anything about Joseph Smith and the Church of the LDS believe that this is a movie to watch. And if you confuse the LDS LDS Church with the FLDS church, you need to do your job together. We are no different from those who believe in Jesus Christ, the sacredness of marriage and family, as well as patriotism in our homeland and country. We are all different, just as you can find various Protestants, Methodists, Baptists and Catholics. The important thing is our message and what we hold. This film tries to show that But there are many Joseph's lives that cannot be covered in the movie for only 2 hours. This is a really wonderful program.
