Somewhere near the bottom of a movie studio, you can find companies like UFO, Troma and below. They are at the Seduction Cinema. <br /> <br /> Seduction is a direct video production company that specializes in styles. Lesbian movies. It has developed a very dedicated fan base that buys each new name due to being released. But sadly, the company has a close relationship with Misty Mundae. I often say sadly because of the mainstream interest and her presence in the Masters of Horrors, causing her to set her goals slightly higher than the budget that the SC center tried to force. Let the company find a new identity, but back in their prosperous era, they released this movie in a very precious world. <br /> <br /> Misty Mundae is beautiful. Boarding school at the request of his father's absence. At school, she met her fiery roommate, played by Ruby Larocca, which was immediately designed. But the headmaster (Barbara Joyce) has other plans as typical of S.C. The movie stops every ten minutes for a continuous sex scene. But unlike most of their efforts, this story is interesting and has good performances. Ms. Larocca seems to have a good time as a sex hunter, who sees Misty as a delicious meal and Darian Caine. Was welcomed (Even though it was short-lived) as Satan. This is the type of film that Jess Franco will be crazy about in the 70s (although this one does not have hardcore sex that Franco is often willing to participate in overseas sales) and fans. The work of the madman is supposed to let this thing go. <br /> <br /> For me as a movie theater fan center for a long time. (And the Troma worshiper) I found the Seduction movie through their parody movie (A monkey friend who wants to be Erotic millionaire) but I like their original work more You may see low budget and occasional weak performances or you will be hung on these things and hate all these movies. For me, the most obvious thing that combines movies that do not have these budgets together is the real fun. These low budget companies can create their own unique style which makes the audience very different from numbers. Efforts in the studio that loaded multiplexes. <br /> <br /> If you have never seen Seduction this movie, whether it's a movie or a story Equipment (The story of both brothers and sisters, Mundae) is a great option to start. This movie is a fun and fast movie. (Although the image of the school's exterior is a little old) and the DVD is full of specialties, including examples of many other companies, a good background and something. Deleted scenes, including backup opening I suggest that you pass on the disc's bonus feature, which is the director's first film, because it's quite weak and not worth watching.
