I'm lucky enough to watch without having to watch the hype in advance. I was amazed at the flexibility of the ghost image in my mind the next day and the next day I watched it 3-4 times and every time I admired it. more and more The setting is beautiful. The city at night has beautiful light effects, long-term shots, lowland and the house itself is old enough to moss. The main hero is a favorite and good-natured. For those who complain that there is not enough 'sparkle' in this movie, I can say that it is because the battle with ghosts is fighting with this person. It is a relatively slow movie that takes unusual time before and after the ghost attack to develop his character with family and work life. Spoiler discussions / <br /> <br /> I like the turning point, especially when he comes back to the main city and meets a man who helps him and explains about seeing ghosts. He explained the woman in black. Then, at the end of the conversation, he said that he would come back because then what harm did she do to him? Another man said "You can't go back ... alone!" And borrow his dog hero. The cute little dog gives relief with a little relief by surrounded the house and even in the locked room. <br /> <br /> The extraordinary image of ghosts. The girl appeared in the middle of the church, showing that he was not afraid of the church and was not shy or bound to the house. All of this is the starting point. Another incredibly memorable scene is with the children outside the church fence, watching the funeral. When the camera turns to the right, women will see it as a background among the graves. The old man will not even look at it, but the children shouted and scolded Crreeepy ... Usually, ghosts are hidden in the shadows, haunting places or people. As it has been said of the horrors and anger of the ghosts is horrible and I feel that it is an attack and the ending is perfect and completely justified. The ending emphasizes the fact that the hero made a big mistake by returning to the house. Or maybe he was marked no matter what happened by helping the gypsy girl The person who plays the hotel manager is trustworthy and acts well. I spread the news to my friends about how much I enjoy this movie, and it is sure to see other people feel the same. I can see that people do not see the same masterpiece, especially if they participate in a lot of investigations. <br /> <br /> I think the other person summarizes when they say The question of whether or not ghosts can harm humans Oh, wow, I will plan this story again, followed by The Changeling, right? Other movies that will suggest <br /> <br /> Thank you.
