New York, 1953. A hot night, the famous four figures will gather together a professor (Albert Einstein) to come to New York to make a speech, in which he has a senator (Joesph MacCarthy) at his back. Later that night he received a surprise. Famous actress (Marilyn Monroe) Who wants to talk about relativity Soon her husband played the ball. (Joe Di Makagoio) appeared at the hotel room. Childhood events Important events Recognizing the consequences of their actions creeping in to show that these people deal with despair and hidden fear waiting to break. <br /> <br /> Now is one. Adapted from the stage play by Terry Johnson (Which will be the author of the screenplay for this film) "Insignificance" is a strange, strange, charming, tempting and extremely attractive thing in the hands of director Nicolas Roeg. This brain might come from the origins of the theater because it felt that most of the drama and action took place in the background of the hotel and one main suite. Cramping style helps to enhance the emotional and smoky atmosphere of New York to achieve great results. However, these limitations can not have effective and courageous ideas that Roeg manages to randomly capture images and meaningful content. The way he reflects the character '(Which is a person with significant significance without the need to name) the travel and philosophical interpretations of their thoughts, encouraging spiritual feelings, with today's brilliant memories Awareness, which depends on what you see, is either beautiful or being implemented. There are many foods for ideas and suggestions within the creative script. (If sometimes awkward) which has the main focus on the current situation But the incident caused us to have personal makeup. (Sex, power, enlightenment, and glory) of what makes Who they are and how much burden they have in their lives Of course, the story may not lead to anything at the end and it may feel disjointed. But the dreamy sensation and clever arrangement make those irons out of those creases and make sure that they are not noticeable. Peter Hannan captures smooth images and the soundtrack of Blues Blound of Stanley Myers That fits well with Roeg's songs and the style of governance that is accepted He makes it look like he's working on something big and big. But otherwise it is not the case and the little universe is created Ancient costumes and places in that era dropped out quite a bit. What makes this film for me must be an impressive performance that is mentioned in four songs. Actress Theresa Russell, a beautiful girl who is fascinated by the fascinating and charming pin-up scene, is a growing image that is held in this film, along with a wonderful and beloved performance. Michael Emil as a professor Tony Curtis plays astoundingly as a Senator, Hunt for witches and Gary Busey is a cunning man as a ball player. But an interesting supporting role arose: Will Sampson and Patrick Kilpatrick. <br /> <br /> An impressive meditation and live tour of the fragments of metaphysics connected by four different extremes. Some people may find it distant and indifferent. But this makes me have to live in a little unique world of myself to worry about its shortcomings too
