I'm always a good fan of Nicolas Roeg and "Walkabout" is one of my favorite movies. This is the movie version of the Roegs stage, and while most movies take place in the hotel room, it still has some flames from the Roegs movie theater. The story is very unique about the famous actor. (Theresa Russell), who after working hard in the movie in 1954, went to the hotel to visit a famous teacher. (Michael Emil) and talk in the hotel room After a moment she wants to go to bed with him. But when they began to take off their clothes, her husband was fighting at the door. Her husband is a famous baseball player (Gary Busey) and he wants to know what happened. Three people in the room talk about what happened and what the future will be. Meanwhile, the famous senator (Tony Curtis) is threatening to take the Master's documents if he is not a witness at the trial. Theresa Russell is great, and while she's not trying to imitate Marilyn Monroe, she works exceptionally well in eliminating the fear and distinction that Monroe is well known for. One thing the movie did was show her that not only But women who are going to collapse But also show her that it is a ruins as well She talks about not being able to have children and at one point in the film she has an abortion. You can create a wonderful case that this is Russell's best performance and I may not argue. This film made interesting things to show many events. When the characters were still talking about one thing and in the past, we saw one of the many reasons for their actions. Busey also gave great performance. And it reminds me of what a strong person gives him on the screen Emil, as a professor, is a character that has many things in his heart. Then we first thought. The final scene in this movie is a demonstration of his dark side! One of the highlights of this movie for me is the little dialogue he has with the male elevator (Will Sampson from "Cuckoo's Nest") and they talk about what the Indians think about Cherero. All the time But of course, the famous scene in this film is that Russell showed Emil how she understood the theory of relativity and used toys to show this. The teacher was very pleased with her demonstration and we were like that! Russell and Roeg marry in real life and they work admirable when they are in cooperation and this may be their best movie together. Good performances and interesting directives make this movie a stimulating and challenging film.
