Originally I saw this movie as a boy at the old Rialto Theater, which was part of the payout three Saturday afternoons, which also included Vincent Price's "Last Man on Earth" and Mario's "Nightmare Castle". Bava, I have a nightmare about a ghosts who crave blood for a week after that! Even though I didn't know it But these three films proved to be a classic movie. Not surprisingly, I'm very scared! Although the three films will scare me, Castle of Blood has the most profound impact. <br /> <br /> It's the first movie released. I didn't see it from the beginning because we went to the cinema slowly and missed the first 20 minutes of the movie. That is not to be missed because the correct printing takes about 79 minutes (87 minutes of unresolved operations), but in this eerie atmosphere (Along with the remains of the castle, the remains of the mist that are covered with shadows, shadows and spider webs). The Gothic scene design, strong performances and suspense (Especially in the last 20 minutes) causing the bejeepers to be shocked and unimpressed I finally spent many years to get a movie copy for my collection. Because it was imported from France - Italy, so it was not a movie that appeared in the late show in Winnipeg I can't remember the name at all. (Remember that I didn't see the beginning of the movie and feared nonsense) and made the story worse. This movie was released under dozens of different movie titles (aka Danze Macabre), coffin. The corpse of terror, the castle of terror, a long night of terror, etc ..) and the title of "Castle of Blood" in the United States / England is very common, similar to horror. Valle major films and dozens of suspected absurd, but thanks to the Internet and perseverance, I finally found it! What was it that would eventually see this movie after many years! It may not have a real emotional impact when I was a child. But when the movie Haunted House went out, it stood up well and compared it with similar iconic movies of this era, such as "The Haunting" "The Innocents" or "Black Sunday". Of director Antonio Marguerite from Italy It was the star of the icon, Barbara Steel screaming in the 60s and having a well-written screenplay by Sergio Corbucci about an unbelieving writer (Georges Riviere). The bet takes the night in a haunted house and Becoming a part of the annual Ghost hypnotic story, starring an interesting love - like Arturo Dominici, such as Dr. Carmus and Margarete Robsahm, is Julia. <br /> <br /> Many tips that Margheriti uses Creating a pleasant atmosphere The rise of film The creaking door, fog, etc.) is bound to look like a cliché with a modern audience. But they work more efficiently in black and white than they used to be in modern day colors Rather than using body counts and special effects, the film creates an old-fashioned fear with good stories, stylish directions, intricate dress production, interesting camera work, and strong performances. Marguerite works great in creating these elements and creates the suspicion of this film because the terrifying supernatural secrets of the house will gradually reveal to the unconscious writer. <Br /> <br /> This movie is not a mistake. The rhythm of dragging at the beginning of this movie (ironically, 20 minutes I missed the first episode). This story may be worsened by the efforts of the Synapse movie to restore the movie to its original length, even though fans will love it. The chance to see a revived movie - in terms of intro - it may be a barrier rather than a help The voice of the English voice can pass, and in the scene that is restored, the language will change from English to French. (With English subtitles) which is definitely annoying for some viewers. <br /> <br /> However, Synapse movies deserve glory. For the quality of printing Obviously, some efforts have been used to restore and deserve it. So <br /> <br /> I am very happy with this movie and highly recommend it to those who love the Italian movie Goth era. 60 or those who like good ghost stories <br /> <br /> Rob Rheubottom Winnipeg, MB Canada
