Italy produced many excellent and original horror movies in the 1960s - and this is one of them! The first thing you'll notice about Danse Macabre is the style of the movie. Taking beautiful black and white pictures and due to the light of director Antonio Margheriti, this movie appears to be a horror movie about German expression. Along with the plot of the horror, make sure that Danse Macabre is a movie that truly captures the essence of horror. Of course, the fact that the beautiful Barbara Steel appears in this film is not dangerous and the good news continues in this film, she has tensed her acting muscles more than she did in the movie that made it. She is famous The plot knows well when this thing was released and included the great Edgar Allen Poe together. We followed Alan Foster, the author who accepted the bet from Poe and Lord Blackwood that he couldn't spend all the time. All night in the creepy old castle of the back Everyone who spent the entire night there before died ... and our heroes are going to meet the previous bet! <br /> <br /> Today, horror movies do not tend to focus on each shot very much and the result is that there is no beauty left in the genre. It's so refreshing to watch this movie. Many of the images here are incredibly beautiful - from the couple's side, wearing a see through skirt to my personal favorites - the smoke that creeps from under the door. This movie is my first Antonio Marguerite and even after watching this movie. Obviously he was one of the leading directors of Italy. Interesting is the fact that the screenplay was co-written by another great Italian writer, the creator of Django Sergio Corbucci. The plot can sometimes be too crooked. But there is enough atmosphere in the hand to make sure that this movie is not boring - and the fact that it's always interesting, even when the plot slows down makes sure the same thing the way Danse Macabre uses the theme 'home Haunted 'is well done and original and helps the story to be the most creepy. Overall, Italian fans and / or cult cinema will not want to miss this small gem!
