If you are a big fan of Gothic horror movies, you will definitely be sure to love this Italian film of the 1960s "Castle of Blood". We are talking about a creepy creaking door that looks like a creepy person. Will move the candle that is dying naturally, even if there is no wind and smoke coming from a large wooden door Speaking in terms of atmosphere and style, this excellent Gothic style film is one of the best. Only one small league below important places such as "Black Sunday", "The Three Faces of Fear" and "Curse of the Crying Woman", the prominent director Sergio Corbucci pair ("The Great Silence", "Django") And Antonio Margheriti ("Cannibal Apocalypse", "Killer Fish") succeeded in all aspects including a powerful plan (Which is truly a nightmare) The scenery and the filming location are extremely intense, black and white photography with a style of relaxing music and a combination of talented actors. Barbara Steele, one of the stars of "Black Sunday" and the number one Italian that once again shone as a spirit torture character, and she was surrounded by great players. One of them is Silvano Tranquilli. Despite giving credible images of Edgar Allan Poe, the story relates to him and another distinguished guest of the rural tavern, challenging a brutal young journalist to accept unusual bets if he ?? Alan Foster ?? Will survive one night at the infamous Blackwood Castle. He received an amazing prize worth $ 10 and a newspaper interview with Poe. Needless to say, the pain is much more dangerous than even a person like Alan Foster who doesn't believe in ghosts and vampires. The night started good for him as he met the beautiful woman of his dreams, but he gradually knew that Blackwood Castle was an evil place where the ghosts of the previous deceased were Imprisoned forever I do not know anything about you But this is one of my favorite horror movies of all time. The joint director, Antonio Marguerite, is clearly proud of the film as well, because he made himself a few years later in the name of "Web of the Spider". Such as casting, no less than Klaus Kinski in the role of Edgar Allan Poe But in general, this manuscript is very superior. "Castle of Blood" is full of atmosphere and maintains an unstable atmosphere. This is one of the rare movies that can make the fur on the arms and back of the neck come up with fear if you look in the right situation. Look at the late night, especially alone, and in the room with candlelight, and you will get ideas about the true definition of horror.
