Antonio Marguerite "Danza Macabra" "Castle Of Blood" in 1964 is a beautiful and fascinating masterpiece of Italian Gothic horror and after "La Maschera Del Demonio" of Mario Bavaria "(aka "Black Sunday") of the 1960s and Roger Corman's "Pit And the Pendulum" of 1961 (starring Vincent Price). Another not-missed story that received her excellent Barbara Steel. Unreasonable to gain a reputation as the most important female horror icon in the world Film science, but not only is the beautiful and excellent Barbara Steel, one of my favorite actors of all time. The movie "Danza Macabra" has been co-written with no less than the genius of the movie Sergio Corbucci. Director Spaghetti Western milestones "Django" (1966) and "The Great Silence" (1968) No. 2 in Italy on the field (After Mario Bavaria) Director Antonio Marguerite is one of the experts in Gothic horror and "Blood Castle" is undoubtedly his greatest achievement. Other films are almost unrivaled in creating an incredibly fascinating atmosphere. But there is a beautiful atmosphere as if an eerie masterpiece. <br /> <br /> When he met the famous writer, the disgusting Edgar Allen Poe in a gloomy tavern in London, young journalist Alan Foster ( Georges Rivière) accepts bets from the nobility that he cannot spend Night in his haunted castle on the night of all spirits As soon as Foster entered the creepy castle, a mysterious thing would happen. However, after a while, he met the charming resident of Elisabeth Blackwood (Barbara Steel), a magnificent beauty. However, mysterious events until now have But only the ancestors of the horrors that bear the castle ... <br /> <br /> The only creepy castle setting is enough to create a gloomy, black and white mood. Filming and excellent scores by Riz Ortolani create an incredibly fascinating atmosphere. The excellent Barbara Steel is great. As always, I can't find any words to watch this great actress. There is no actress who can combine the beauty of attractiveness with the charismatic person, as it is with Steele, and no actor can do it. Margarete Robsahm and she also gave a great performance as well. George Rivière's performance as Alan Foster was great and the rest of the performance was also very good. "Castle of Blood" is outstanding in many departments: bars The Barbara Steele offers the best movies and one place was beautiful beyond compare eerie atmosphere was incredible ... The film is a perfect atmosphere. And the art of fear in the short term: "Castle of Blood" is one of the greatest Gothic horror movies in the atmosphere that was created and must not be missed by those interested in this movie! 10/10
