When I saw that this movie was only 80 minutes long, I thought we were having problems. The integration of science fiction W. Somerset Maugham into the movie at the clock in less than an hour and a half seems like a disaster. But you know that this movie is not bad half and it can still keep things that make the book more reflective to readers Is the actor's wet noodle and he is But I can't think of anyone suitable to play the role of Philip Carey over wet noodles because that's what Carey is. Howard plays well, which means you want to shake him and repeat his head. Finally, then take him out and buy him a spine. <br /> <br /> Ah, then Bett is a kid. Women too Carey is obsessed with breaking his world around him. I do not know what in the world that Mildred's attractiveness is in the book and the movie remains true to that detail. But when played by Davis, she becomes the most interesting character in the story, and if she is disgusting and doesn't like her, at least she is the most lively person on the screen at any time. Davis's performance here has been credited with changing the way the screen is shown, which Brando had to do almost 20 years later when he screamed "Stella !!" NC Williams, who is not known to play and is not difficult to know why. Davis is concentrated to the point of fright. She did not try to squeeze any sympathy from the audience and make her look ugly and uninspired. Her appearance when Carey walked into the line in the movie to find out that she had died or almost died from an unnamed disease. (Although not much cares about hiding the fact that it is STD) is shocking. Of course, it helps the film to be revealed before the production code becomes effective. If it was created a year later, you can bet things will be slightly different. <br /> <br /> Yes, most novels and the most interesting parts of it are left on the cutting floor. And the real story about Carey and Mildred and not much I find it the most interesting and boring part of Maugham, but it's the part that makes the novel a name and seems to be the part that the reader is still drawing now, so I decided wisely. Part of the filmmakers that they choose to adapt the novel in the way they do. <br /> <br /> Grade: B +
