Today, female actors gain weight happily, dyed hair, dressed like a slogan and lost their glamor with the script, and Betty Davis should be an actor who started the trend. Even when a beautiful woman wearing designer clothes and Constance Bennett cosmetics in Davis films was willing to destroy herself to create characters from outside and inside. <br /> <br / > Her commitment is sufficiently demonstrated here in her breakout movie "Of Human Bondage" in which she starred with Leslie Howard as Philip Carey. Davis plays the Mildred, a gripping life, manipulating and coveting a low life for the vicious Philip with Howard's feet. He first met her when she was a waitress and she allowed him to take her to dinner and watch the drama while she was talking to a wealthy old man. (Alan Hale, Sr.) In fact, Mildred was accepted by Philip's club foot. On his part, it seems that Philip is enjoying her courtship, uncovering and frigidity towards him. He permits Mildred to make him bleed financially during a fan that falls when they bore her while he is. Blowing two truly cute women (Kay Johnson and Frances Dee). When he was cast out, Mildred left his apartment and robbed him, forcing him to leave. Frank studied medicine and was staying at his home <br /> <br /> "human slavery" today, although the actor Leslie Howard is a wonderful and charming. But his acting style is an old school that is more formal and therefore he often meets with what he came in. He portrayed his role as Davis in the later story " Demanding to use his technique His date display is clearer here, because Davis is striking a new face with courage, acting to make her name a reality. If she seems from time to time above, she comes from the stage and the subtleties of the movie show will come later for her. Cut down on this performance with her restraint, warmth and tenderness of Henriette in "All This and Heaven Too" or the sad thing she brought to "Dark Victory". She is a true actress and a true artist. Davis helped himself look like a holy hell. The deterioration of Mildred is absolutely pathetic, because Philip seems to be stronger when her soul fades away. <br /> <br /> A great movie that will see the growth of one of the greatest stars. The biggest of the movies
