In 1934, the adaptation of Somerset Maughm's novel made Betty Davis put on the map as a movie actor. She may have won an Academy Award for her performance. But this film lends itself to her, so her studio doesn't push her. Her performance in this film does not meet current standards. As a wavering waiter, Philip, a sensitive medical student around and almost ruining his life, Davis shrank almost like a demon. Director John Angell, who often brings good performances from his actors, may be possessed by this person. Davis can definitely watch. But there are strangers and a hunter who looks almost human I imagined Millie's character as being a little quieter than Davis, who might be a tomboy. Davis was a strong man and immediately had no mysterious air for her, which made Philip attract her attention to be more insidious than it should be. <br /> <br /> While Philip Les Li Howard is excellent. His good-looking appearance is suitable for this failed beauty. He did not explain the personal interpretation of the part that Dirk Bogarde may have already done, which makes his work clear and rare. He seems to have complete control. Here, he should play with a man with a reason that is in an irrational mood. He cannot handle or respond fully while his favorite object makes him move in the way he does. not understand Howard is a good actor, often handsome in the standard romance, which forced him to fall in love, which he didn't use here. <br /> <br /> It's been a long time since I read my book. Do not feel comfortable expressing opinions about the reliability of this film. I think it captures the spirit of the story well enough and it has the perfect Philip Carey in Howard. Sexual immorality is blocked, and sometimes Philip acts insidiously in the absence of intense sexual feelings. About the character of the character Thanks to the performance of Howard, Philip remained steadfastly determined, as anyone could see in Milly's response and yearning, which is the extremes of sensible intelligence to understand. The reason <br /> <br /> Overall is a very good movie, sometimes a bit arrogant due to its age. It makes London very good and plays a large part.
