Reading websites in Betty Davis can find cases where the author claims that there is nothing special about her performance. I also found a site that claimed that Bette Davis' success might be due to her luck. But the film of Miss Davis in 1934 was quite opposite. The most obvious example is the two films that she made separately for a few weeks: the fog above Frisco and the slave. The characters she plays in these movies, although both are negative, are very different. Arlene, in the past, is a beautiful, charming and crafty heir and a personality that is more pleasing than Mildred. In the latter days, a young, ignorant and ignorant Cotoney girl. can There is no need to say that Ms Davis can truly play both characters and with the same enthusiasm. But that's not all The point is that the original role that most actors want today is the chapter that she is forced to play. The latter role, which seems like most female actors, is an undesirable role in the destruction career, is something she struggles fiercely for months. And it was the latter role that launched her among the greatest stars So there is no question that Mr. Davis knew from the beginning of what she had done. <br /> <br /> This film tells a story about a medical student Phillip Carey (Leslie Howard) who fell in love with Cockney. Mildred Rogers waitress. (Bette Davis) has a score of just a few weeks. This story is too big to be able to tell in just 83 minutes. For example, it is quite clear why the refined students found that they were interested in a bad female waitress at first. There is one scene in which we experience the charming Davis' eyes. But this is when his emotions develop completely. However, the integrity of the story is preserved by the excellent performances from Howard and Davis, as well as the great Steiner's song, which tells a lot of emotions, even if we don't see the faces of the characters. In fact, this film was mixed by Phillip's walking scene, which shows him from the back, which is reinforced by a two-tone reproduction. Every detail is a good idea - Max Steiner writes a beautiful leitmotif for each woman in Phillip's life, which is used regularly through movies. And the beautiful scenes that we see Sally's face in front of the calendar is one of the most beautiful scenes I have ever seen due to Francis D's amazing beauty (Ms Dee had been considered too beautiful Playing as a leader in Gone with the wind), including Steiner's lovely song. The movement of the camera between some scenes is something new and refreshing. <br /> <br /> But my biggest challenge is that. Clients presented in two dimensions, too, which makes the viewer sees Mildred as a slut. The most disgusting character should be a man who haunts her for a relationship, even knowing that they will leave her after using her. But they were curious, ended up drawing a favorite character In the end, Mildred was often the only person of her own. But still being honest and making Phillip know that she insulted him and ignored him Which he refused to hear It is Phillips' natural nature that is linked to the club experience and his childhood experience, which is the main cause of love problems. He was enslaved at the foot of the club as far as Mildred and may have to be free from both to start a normal life. Of course, being selfish and innocent, Mildred, after discovering her voluntary slavery, made her own share of his hell's life. Even considering that she exploded after realizing that the slave had been loosened But it is not clear why she had to burn Phillip's money (Maugham intended to be different in his novel). Finally, she was able to steal and drink champagne gallons. <br /> <br /> For modern standards This movie is quite outdated. But every time you watch, you will be able to reveal new interesting details, fascinating musical performances and original edits, so it deserves the highest marks possible.
