Bette Davis' electrical energy efficiency is difficult to remember other female players. They were perfect in their part. Davis was in her - they didn't have much to do. Some investigators feel that this book is much better - but in order to complete this film, including 600 pages down to 83 minutes, that doesn't mean it will be successful. The first part of this book was not shown on screen - it told Phillip's childhood, then moved to Germany and Paris where Phillip tried to do well as an artist. In addition, he recorded his first love story with Fanny Price, which killed himself when she realized that Phillip could not return her love feelings. It's a great book. But it is a travel and I think everyone who doesn't think too much should read this book and know how good this movie is. <br /> <br /> After realizing that he is just Phillip Kae Rory (Leslie Howard) is a moderate painter, returning to England hoping to take medicine. When going out to the tears room, he met the waitress, Mildred (Bette Davis), although she didn't care about him and treated him like earth. But Phillip was obsessed with the matter. It is very difficult to watch his efforts in trying to find civility in this insult. In one scene, she promised to meet him in the second floor of the train waiting room. When they almost missed each other, she gave him a voice that "Why do I have to wait in the second floor waiting room when I have a first-class room?" You just want to shake him. The only time she was satisfied with him was when she told him that she was going to marry another man, a rough salesman, Emile Miller (Alan Hale). When Mildred came out of the picture, he met Nora. (Kay Johnson) Cute girl, author of a romantic novel under the pseudonym Man She jokes about the popularity that books like among servants. (In the novel he saw Mildred read them) Nora gave love and confidence to Phillip, everything he wanted. But he can't love her When Mildred returned (Miller did not marry her and she had children) Of course, he took care of her and helped her and her baby. (In this film considered an object - called "baby" never received a name or sex) - she rewarded him by running away with his best friend. <br /> <br /> At his hospital Met with Sally Athelny (Frances Dee), who visited her sick father He began to visit her home and for the first time in his life that had been a surprise to his family! surprise! Mildred came back like a penny and was surprised! Philip brought her in. But he changed his mind and felt disgusted when she tried to express her gratitude in the way she knew Then follow one of the most ferocious rocks and fight verbally with phrases like "You Cad You Dirty Pig", "I kiss you just because you begged me" and "When you go, I wipe my mouth. !!! In Mildred's stock phrase book, many, like "You are a gentleman in every sense of the word", "I don't mind" and "Mr. High and Great" linked to prostitutes and when Phillip meets her It was the first time he was impressed. <br /> <br /> At the end of this film showed that Phillip. (Truly free from Mildred as possible) now free to love Sally Again in the book, Sally tells Phillip that she thinks she is having children. But that makes him more confident in his love The ending is the same as Mildred's "illness" cannot be in the movie - even for one advance. <br /> <br /> Kay Johnson is often called to play a rational and reliable woman who plays for perfection. Obviously you have a reason. Nora is the woman that Philip seems to be with. Frances Dee is one of the most beautiful screen revenues. Obviously, she was well taken care of by some actors who proved she was not just a beautiful face ("The Cord Cord" and "Blood Money") but when she married Joel McCrea. Her career Sally has not pushed her ability to the limit. Clearly, Leslie Howard doesn't have much interest with Betty Davis - he feels frustrated at the actress. The British did not receive this role.He used to throw her. "While reading books from the camera," he became interested when the newspaper reported that "Children are running away with pictures" !!! <br /> <br /> Very high. Highly recommended.
