I like Leslie Howard in his better movie. Nonetheless, for some reason, his performance in the HUMAN BONDAGE never impressed me so much. The first time I saw this film on my college campus in 1972 and a critic in a college newspaper commented that in the 1930s and 1940s Howard had a role that should be later given by Dirk Bogard as a person born. Came to be betrayed This is not the case. (I normally think that Ashley Wilk is someone who might be betrayed if he and Scarlett O'Hara intend to be Margaret Mitchell's item, but Ashley loves Melonie, not Scarlett.) Howard can play all types and The role of RJ Mitchell or Professor Henry Higgins is not the one who was betrayed. * <br /> <br /> (* Only one person can create the case that Philip Armstrong Scott was betrayed by two strangers. Demonstrating hospitality in 49TH PARALLEL, but they are the Nazis who consider him - a free Western game for Canadians - a fair game in two battles. It's not like emotional betrayal and Howard doesn't do it. according But facing the Nazis and arresting him after hitting him) <br /> <br /> I think what the critics mean is that Howard may be full of souls - or try to be full of emotions. Witnessed with his dreamy poet in the forest reserve But the character was not betrayed except by history, perhaps (While he felt that his genre was outdated like a gangster played by Humphrey Bogart) The characters of Philip Carey in Somerset Maugham's OF HUMAN BONDAGE are full of souls as well. He has sensitivity for many reasons. He is interested in art and tries to be a painter - but unlike Strickland artists in THE MOON and SIXPENCE, he has no real ability. So he decided to pay attention to medical education, focusing on the condition of his feet. Here he is a man with low self-esteem that is set to be betrayed. <br /> <br /> Philip finds betrayal in the form of Mildred Cockney, the waitress. (Bet Davis), a mercenary and selfish. Why did Philip fall in love with her, not mentioned in the movie? But he found that the woman was charming And she found that he was a simple food ticket. It is ironic that Philip failed to observe two other women who were interested in him. (Daniel Kay Johnson and Frances Dee) and should be more suitable for his partner. He also found himself forgiving Davis when she was engaged with others (Alan Hale and Reginald Denny - Howard's friends). <br /> <br /> Although Howard's show will catch the trend of Philip's mat with Mildred. But he did not show enough passion (Until arriving at the late night of the movie when he opened her) That is the reason I found that I had never been interested in his performance here - it lacked any truth. His later confirmation in the GONE with THE WIND He loves Olivia De Haviland, not Vivian Leigh is more consistent with those who are in love. But Davis' performance as Mildred makes this film important. She has many different parts, up to 1934, such as the deaf pianist's girlfriend in THE MAN WHO PLAYED GOD or the deceased heir who was killed in the FOG OVER FRISCO or the secretary like a mouse in three races She eventually shows Mildred that she can be a great actress by showing selfishness. <br /> <br /> Curious to see her performance not just a single note. While she used and abused Howard, two-thirds of this film reached a climax in the famous scene in which she showed that her kisses made her weary of her last scene, showing her that May fall apart because of deteriorating health Any honest work, when Howard rejected her, the audience failed to notice that he was equally ferocious (he asked what had happened to her child - she told him that the child had died and Howard said he was glad. In a brutal manner, which rarely responded to her expectations. In the end, Howard made his life calm. But eventually Mildred had an accident. (Her death was discovered by her ex-girlfriend, Denny, calling the doctor) The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences failed to nominate Davis in 1934 (leading to a great writing campaign. The largest in history and permanent change of rules), but Davis was founded as a star In one year, she won an Oscar as Joyce Heth in danger, and in two years she starred with Howard again. (As an equal star) in the reserve forest
