Bette Davis's chicken accent in this movie is extremely scary. I fully understand that Americans and other races may not understand this, and it's okay. But believe me, it's only half the stables of Dick Van Dyke in Mary Poppins, and that's the correct burden of the old horse. (Flowing into the native language of London, there are many apologies) <br /> <br /> Amazing things For me, a strange accent and an exaggerated acting style will not deviate from the power of the movie of Human Bondage. It's a fascinating movie, even with superficial defects. Also, having to look at the technical and cultural constraints of filmmaking at that time must be appreciated and due to those limitations, John Cromwell worked very well in directing the camera and giving lectures for film development. Just through the arrogant gestures and conversations A clear example about the direction of his expertise is the scene at Victoria Station. It feels beautiful and edited. Observe images from Mildred's crouch until the end of the movie They owe more than in the beginning of creating art movies rather than the world of hygienic and dominating studios. <br /> <br /> The theme of this film is familiar and interesting at the level. International: sexual enchantment Love, contempt, self-hatred, hatred, provocative relationships, social separation and youthful ignorance Although conversations are often difficult to use But the difficult task of presenting these themes and the inner life of the characters is well managed, even if it's a low way Some scenes of obsession and emotional rejection are uncomfortable to watch. But the story does not go down in the ancient thinking We realized that the characters (Even Mildred poisoning) is both the victim and the perpetrator and their actions are inspired by each person's misunderstanding, including intentional selfishness While innocent in style, the story of the complex heart of human condition and the manner of manners and exchanges of sieve sometimes does not reduce the truth of work. <br /> <br /> Human slaves are one. Of the movie received by Bette Davis, noticed in Hollywood and while watching, you are aware of the witness of the birth of a famous career Her extraordinary beauty and screen charm (No one is lonely or insulting like Mrs. Davis). Grab your attention from her first appearance. While she was performing in this film, Leslie Howard was excellent as a Philip Carey student who was subtle and subtle. They are a good mix, although why is it that he doesn't help her with that bad accent and bad!
