This movie is about passion for sex. Betty Davis plays Mildred This is a woman that men are attracted to. Not because she is a beautiful woman But because she has sex Now the movie doesn't come out and say that, but it's clear. There's a scene in the movie that every man is staring at her like crazy. She works as a waitress in a coffee shop. She can't read and she doesn't look at anyone. But she is a flirt Apparently the male client in that cafe was there because of her. One day, Phillip Foot Club, a medical student failed, the painter came to the shop to say good words for his friends. But he became confused when he saw her He started buying things, even paying for the apartment. At the same time, she saw other people and she didn't make the secret of it. He dreamed of her like she was an angel. But she is not an angel He misses her all the time. His medical grades were terrible. So good things too He wants to marry her. But she refused him because she was going to marry another man She often tells Phil to know that she has no feelings of love for him all the time. He is heartbroken but meets another woman. They look good, but clearly he still dreamed of Bimbo. Mildred returned with the baby and not married Phillip took her again. But she began to go outside with his friends, a little light bulb and he kicked her out. She did what she knew worked so she tried to seduce him. But it didn't work and she would burn his tuition fees Oh, we have a foot club that he has problems with, even if a street teenager with the same problem tells him to lighten about this. He met another woman named Sally. We had a march of time editing which showed her age while he was limited. She was still waiting for Mildred. He had no tuition fees and couldn't find a job. Finally, Sally and her father brought him in shortly before the montage of March, showing him that he was falling. Soon, his uncle who raised him died and he received money to be a doctor. At the same time, he finds that Mildred wants him again. She has tuberculosis. At the same time, he also takes Sally along the path of Primrose about marriage and he works on a steamer. Eventually the brain dies. Phillip says that he is free and he will marry Sally. I hope you tell him to do it. Now I know that my character will not get any points, but I feel that Phillip is a bad person. Yes, Mildred is a horn. But he knew and he returned Means that while he has two other fans who love him But he is considered an appetizer I guess that sex is not good, but in any case, he's a female dog waiting for Mildred. But the person who received the pregnancy Mildred was married and when Philip asked him what he intended to do about the child (Obviously the baby's name) He laughs out. Sally's father, who has 9 children, talks about the nasty things about women. But he was said to be an old-fashioned traditionalist Philip seems not to overthrow his feelings as well. Men are using Mildred as a baby toy. But the men in this movie were injured Yes, she's not a respectable woman. But far from the villain For me, it was Philip who had had real problems and it was his sexual obsession for Mildred.
