Return to the 36th Chamber is one of Kung-Fu's classic films that Shaw created in the 70's and 80's, which is equivalent to Hollywood's western spaghetti and protagonist Gordon Liu, which is paired with Clint Eastwood's. Western remastered digitally and new prints created for the great film festival. "Presented in the scope of Shaw" as well as the good old days. <br /> <br /> This film is a simple matter of good and evil. 3 More or less actions, including Storytelling of martial arts at that time. <br /> <br /> Act One set up a place. The workers in the small village dyeing mill were not happy with their lot by reducing wages by 20% by the incoming Manchu gangsters. They can't do much about exploitation because they don't have martial arts that can use their gangsters and their bosses. At first, they achieved little success in causing Liu to disguise himself as a highly skilled Shaolin monk. (One of the best comedy scenes) But their alertness was revealed when they pushed the limits of credibility. Br> Act Two shows the protagonists wanting to return to the mob. However, without martial arts, he began to travel to Shaolin Temple to try and infiltrate and learn the martial arts in the rounds. After a period of pain, he was finally accepted by the abbot. (Which he imitated!) But was disappointed with the teaching method - just like Miyagi's style in Karate thinking But instead of drawing a fence, he will create a scaffolding around the temple. There is nothing that can make good people fall down, and he builds strength, patience and learns unknowingly kung fu. <br /> <br /> The scene Three is the beginning of the fight. With magical sound effects, non-contact touch on each film will be treated with maximum effect. But it is quite refreshing to watch the battle scenes here with wide angle shots to emphasize the clarity and detail between the practice pair and the use of slow motion only to show the sensational scenes in different angles You may find that the speed of the battle is too slow with pauses during the movement, but when Yuen Wo Ping and his style are used in Hollywood flick flick ads, they are sure not to do it. Battle scenes like ever! Back to Room 36, being screened repeatedly on Monday, so if you are playing a game for traveling in unfamiliar memories, what are you waiting for?
