After 21 films and three years of work in Hollywood, Bette Davis eventually had the role that she claimed to be her own and made her become a power to consider. When Mildred Rogers Davis burst out with a completely sympathetic role of the waitress who became the target of Leslie Howard's love and was eager to sink her teeth in the script. Like this, she has no confidence in the character That will be done throughout the film course and the tremendous changes she will receive In addition, it has been widely mentioned that her performance here, one of the few things that make watching this movie uneven, is a memorable one, despite the two remakes and the scene in which she Teared as Howard created a movie history> <br /> In about 85 minutes, the story was moving fast by telling the story of Philip Carey (Howard) while his life crossed over at Mildred. Rogers that has been destroyed repeatedly <br /> <br /> Howard and Davis chemistry But that doesn't exist - Davis still maintains an interview later in her own life, not paying much attention to Howard's coldness towards her, and that helps her to act worse. Too, both seem to be awkward with one another; Their scenes are still still stiff, only recovered by the ferocious acid Davis brought to her line and her own nervous appearance. Then again, the direction of Cromwell had some arrogance about himself that sometimes failed - he tried to fill in some areas. (When Davis was not there) by dissolving and painting the masterpiece showing the time of Frances Dee), all with style at that time This is before the techniques and angles of a complex camera come into being and, in essence, the picture is a simple, necessary, bare translation of Somerset Maugham's novel - which speaks a lot from 600 pages "of the slave man". It is difficult to shoot. <br /> <br /> The story, it feels that Philip Carey may be a greedy thing for punishment because there is no visible sexual attraction between him and Arts Dredd Mildred never hid her displeasure from traveling. Howard's acting does not seem to pass on the external emotions - his eyes are sad all the time. His expression is never far from being lost. (He may have been a cousin to William Hert in "The Accidental Tourist" - sad and completely disguised) but this may be part of his character and the reason he failed to see that women Others (played by Kay Johnson and Frances Dee) are making themselves weak. Interestingly, Johnson of Norah, when she learned that Carey would not fall in love with her, was the person who summarizes the story with her observations that people are bound to others - she is bound to Carey while Carey is bound. With Mildred and himself Bound with miller (Or the man that suits the role of the service provider) in her short but memorable scene, she is one that is important to the moral of the story.
