I think this will be the sequel to the original "36 Chamber of Shaolin", but actually it is "sister" more vulnerable than the real thing. Gordon Liu continues to show the stars as heroes to learn kung fu to get rid of the annoying Manchus ... but this time it's lighter and more funny. The film has a center around a local dye mill where wages are cut due to the recruitment of 10 new Manchu chiefs. Liu plays "Chao", which can fool the mill leader into thinking that he is a Shaolin monk with kung fu skills that Almost magical But his luck is gone. He is deceived and he promises to the factory workers that he will go to Shaolin Temple to learn Kung Fu and return to protect them. <br /> <br /> The joke begins. At the monastery where you have tried many times to be accepted This set creates a very funny moment and a great fight dance. Continuing in the tradition of "Room 36", we see the intricate and interesting (and hokey) all kinds of training methods at the temple, including the use of creative wooden benches. <br /> <br /> There are still Unique and interesting Is a mixture of kung fu and crafts of bamboo scaffolding buildings You are not accepted as a student at Shaolin. But was built to create a bamboo scaffolding for the "10-year restoration" of the temple on the DVD. I bought a special on the bamboo scaffolding building and the inspiration that the director Lau-Liang pulled from it This is a craft that is hundreds of years old (probably thousands of years) and in the Hong Kong scaffolding department, still built with bamboo, even though much higher. But in the west use steel pipes and clamps As a result of the work of scaffolding, he developed a special style of kung fu ... When asked what it was, he responded with fun. "Kung Fu Scaffolding !!" which he tested for the first time during the dust with the abbot of the monastery In the final confrontation with Manchus, there is an amazing creativity for bamboo poles and ties. <br /> <br /> From a funny perspective, I think it's one of the best kung fu genres. In general, a kung fu movie, it is outstanding ... I recommend it to everyone!
