This is another great example for creating awkward movies in the 70s! Preliminary evidence of "What's with Helen?" Is quite shocking and annoying. But it is presented in a modern and complex format! In the hands of other film crews, of course, this story will become a nasty exploitation story. But there was director Curtis Harrington ("Whoever killed Auntie Roo?") And screenwriter Henry Farrell ("Hush ?? Hush ?? Charlotte Charlotte") in charge. It became a beautiful and almost a mixture. Has the charm of style and type The plot of the film's basis is very scary. But there are many things that can be touched, such as the love story, the atmosphere in the 1930s that swings and singing and dancing, tap a lot! The setting is what makes this film unique. We were literally shot back in the 1930s with the relentless depiction of music, religion, business, drama and wardrobe at that time. After a long and exhausting trial that convicted their son for life imprisonment for Adele's murder. (Debbie Reynolds) and Helen (Shelley Winter) flee to California and try to start a new life. In particular, Adelle perfectly adapted himself to the new environment as she fell in love with a local millionaire. But poor Helen, old age, still sinks in madness and paranoia. She listened to only one missionary voice, fearing that she would be punished for the offense that her son had done, and gradually developed a serious trend The script, although not all bugs But can write well and the movie has the right rhythm Never had a boring time in "Important to Helen" Although singing, taping and tango dancing are quite protracted and are not related to the actual plot. But the atmosphere is still ominous and the movie has certainly benefited from the great performances of Shelley Winters. She is seriously scary as an unpredictable woman and retains the snap in seconds and Especially in the last ten minutes, she looks more frightening than Freddy Kruegers, Jason Voorhees and Michael Myers together! There are many supportive characters who are sad, underdeveloped and robbed of their potential, such as Michéal MacLiammóir as a teacher, assertiveness like Agnes Moore as a creepy priest and Timothy Carey as a guest. Terrifying There are a few horrifying scenes, surprises, and very impressive for those who like Grand Guignol among us, but especially the set scene and costume design.
