The most bizarre sub-film is the movie "The Great Ladies of the Grand Guignol": the horror movie from the camp, which combines a wonderful melodrama with gothic excitement and starring a seasoned and forgotten actor. In a role that is not a cringe for victims of long suffering or harps screaming This type allows them to show unusual performances that allow them to place items on the screen again and win new generations of fans at the expense of yesterday's charming pictures. <br /> <br /> " What is Helen? "The last drop of the subcategory is an amazing show of both Debbie Reynolds and Shelley Winters as a troubled mother of two criminals convicted of fleeing their past to California. Sunny year 1930 to open a gifted school Who wants the daughter to be the next Shirley Temple In California, Debbie is happy, Tango customers, tap dances and interesting new love. (Dennis Savers, while Shelley received a wacko with horrible events, anonymous intimidation, call, intimidate strangers And unfortunate encounters with electric fans (Oops!) <br /> <br /> sloppy script (Written by Henry Farrell, the man who started this genre with Aldrich, Joan Crawford and Bette Davis) is filled with holes, plot, red herrings and a wasted opportunity to make this movie even more. Big: The basic form of distorted motherhood (With Debbie and Shelley's characters that star children) and female engagement dominate (Debbie and Shelley's relationship and the fact that a few male characters of the film are either scary or not even stiff, Dennis Weaver, Texas Dream Boat) will be wasted instead. Debbie Reynolds Music interlude and dull dance, although the fun of watching takes too much time to choose whether or not to be a psychologist. Still, this movie is still very entertaining. The two stars and Curtis Harrington's stylish direction easily overcome their shortcomings. Watching movies in 1930 is colorful and elegant. (Look at Debbie's clothes!) Created with a very limited budget, the rising atmosphere of madness and hysteria is truly creepy with the shocking final scene that will haunt you for many days. And you won't forget the idiotic song "Goody, goody" that flows through the movie as well And seeing the increasingly insane Shelley Winters make Debbie Reynolds a happy opportunity to watch. <br /> <br /> 8 out of 10
