Delicately sandwiched between the STRANGER, a small film noir that proved that Welles was able to do a terrifying job on budget and on time and proved his greatest achievement in the box. The office in the forties and MACBETH, the film on the 23rd day, comes from women in Shanghai, dark-colored leather that is woven from the Methelasia Lesicia fabrics that cover the MAGNIFICENT AMBERSONS fabric, MR. Kadin and other films that the director couldn't help with from the studio chief. <br /> <br /> Six years after THE MALTESE FALCON, with the popularity of the war after the Noes movie full of Welles movement Before his time, the director who had a true vision of great artistic integrity, imagined the world of darkness that was darker, frightening, frightening, more paranoid and crooked than anything. His contemporary men were doing at that time. It is not surprising that the film was mistaken at the time, until the point that the full-hour image had been left forever on the cutting floor, and it was once again Europe that won the Welsh Classic again. <br /> <br /> Some outstanding sets Aquarium scenes with blinking lights and ominous shadows, and of course the last episode of Funhouse / Hall of Mirrors, is a classic of Wellesian's bravery, as well as CITIZEN KANE or THE TRIAL. The only thing I found in this movie is the improper Irish accent of Welsh and may be an unresolved fix in the first act. However, the story has spread in a very fascinating manner. I believe that the heavily cut versions of Shangai and the Ambersons will receive a surreal quality for that matter. <br /> <br /> Wales will be deported in Europe for ten years and come back in 1958 to deliver. Again Evil is perhaps the greatest gem of the Noir movie that has been in a period that has deteriorated over time. Shangai is not a box office that has succeeded in being the premiere of Hollywood premiere at the time. This Rita Hayworth should be and the marriage of Wales and Hayworth ends before the film is marketed. Sixty years later, and the video is less than an hour, Shangai is still one of the best noir films that tend to be discovered. Of course, must be counted for something.
