The Lady From Shanghai is strange, even according to the standards of Orson Welles, the famous director who has the latest Hollywood movie. It is a postmodern film noir movie created during the time when this film became more popular and it involved the lucky Irish sailor (played by Welles) who fell in love with a mysterious woman. (Rita Hayworth, who married Welles at that time) and she is disabled and may be an inefficient husband. The following long maritime journey with Welles, attached as an escort and plot, increased as Sloan (Glenn Anders) law partner appeared and began to create problems with strange speeches. With suicide and other topics of mental loss The storyline of all murders, occurrences and catastrophes follows Welles and his employers, and at this point the story is vague and tells the story with a quick haste until the end of the closing part and the final part of the movie. The set of pieces that seem to have been sent in order for some movies about driving and the urgency of the story to not happen on its own, with ownership and the result is to be watched and often favored. All the time> <br /> It's hard to know what Wales is trying to do with this movie, in addition to resurrecting his career in Hollywood by creating a vehicle for his wife. His But self-destruction intervened as it did with Welles and Miss Hayworth never looked less powerful. That she is also a bizarre female diver, in addition to her beauty that is the most attractive as a screen personality, is a cute, quality love that she doesn't have in this picture The director himself is not surprising and disgusting that Ohara, a sailor who looks comfortable (as expected) since Wales, for many of his gifts, is not known as a simple person to work with. This is a role that is twenty years or thirty years later. Sean Connery or Robert Shaw may not be able to breathe in Wales life. The most interesting performance in this film is Glenn Anders as Grisby, a law partner. Corrupt Anders worked wonders with parts and was photographed to look strange, while his scenes ended with strange notes, sour and often edgy. But for all this, he can make Grisby's disgusting and clear, and expected to have a more polite way than the more colorful actors like Timothy Carey. <br /> <br /> I'm about With this movie: What are Wales trying to say? He is a highly capable and creative person, and is likely to release a statement in his film, regardless of who agrees with his world view or not. I think I have some answers: Welles has summarized his film work. He came to the end of the rope in the Hollywood studio system that he insulted and he knew The Lady From Shanghai was not just a thumb nose at the moguls studio today but I wonder if it was in the picture. A form of morality. Famous lawyers rival (read: producer) expressed the opinion of Hollywood power brokers that he presented himself as a non-root sailor. Wells himself is an inexperienced traveler and he rarely stays in one place for a long time. He was hired by the studio to provide a Citizen Kane, which caused controversy, which he never recovered from the disease. This may be a daring problem to say the name in this film, which is the personal failure of the Welsh who could not overcome his novelty in the film colonies and could not deliver the goods as promised. His truth that appeared in Hollywood, like his appearance in the movie, could not prevent a disaster better than his control. The fact that he presented himself in this film is a cute, innocent outsider, showing the lack of knowledge in Wales. He is a player who is more internal than others, and I imagine that he insulted his knowledge of the various aspects of the world and himself who knows a lot.
