After CITIZEN KANE in 1941, Hollywood executives turned back with asbestos on the great Orson Welles, except KANE Welles lost all creative control about MAGNIFICENT AMBERSONS, JOURNEY INTO FEAR and many other movies. Wales is a creative and creative genius who is the most unusual filmmaker when Hollywood needs a little longer. Lady from Shanghai is another example of the misunderstanding of Welles' films at that time, a movie that seems to be missing and not active. It has the original evidence of the 1940s in the most informal way, and I'm sure that some of the scenes end at the cutting room floor. This is a myth that Columbia mogul Harry Cohn stood up during the first run and asked what it was about. In the past, many old grumps that ran at the studio at that time had no clue about the technique of film and the main storytelling of Orson Welles and THE LADY from SHANGHAI was almost as good as their invasion. < br /> <br /> In addition to being the greatest director of all time, Wales is also an actor as an actor. At 25, we all know what he did as "Charles Foster Kane" may Is a The most famous in film history Here he has a lot of dim and witty characters that are not familiar with Welles' other good work. Instead of speaking fluently and fluently, he speaks with the harsh voice of Irish. Rita Hayworth (a wife who is unhappy at that time) plays the wife of an unhappy marriage of a lawyer who puts Wales in a spell and can pull him into a job that will lead him to The extent of deception and disillusionment He is a big gangster who may kill men. But the true mystery lies in the relationship between Hayworth (with incredible blonde hair) and Hubbard Everett Sloan. (Mr. Bernstein from CITIZEN KANE) Sloane's creepy partner is ready for a cruise around the country to determine the strange events that have turned the head of Michael O'Hara of Wales. Wales described the picture as Ohara, but things were not clear at all. See for yourself and know that it takes at least two times to know what's going on. <br /> <br /> A strange, strange courtroom in the middle of "Ohara" by Lone protect him It's a strange comedy scene with a strange courtroom, including Sloan Cross - check yourself. I didn't really laugh here because this movie came to this point after the first part that had never been removed. Up to this point, some of the great movie filming was filmed with skill and skill (Aquarium love scene) but there was no clear line to draw the elements and we, the audience in the court scene report, were repeatedly shot. With Welles' request (10 close-ups of Hayworth received the order) and the temporary song sung by the actor was thrown into Cohn's claim. The flashy score made Wales unsatisfied, which again was left in the editing process. Thank you Welles, who helped preserve this film with the end of the tour-de-force, which will be the treasure of the "Hall of Mirrors" that is called to bring back time and time again correctly. So <br /> <br / > It will You must have faith and it is a good idea to gather some confusion at present. The mistake of the mirror means the disillusionment of "Ohara" and "Crazy House" is a masterpiece of art and decoration. It seems like a mental state rather than a real place and of course "crazy" twists and turns like Dali paintings. This is a great ending for a defective image, which, if left alone, may make AFI's Top 100. Then again, Orson Welles 3 or 4 films may make all the "best" shows together if he Left Create his own magic <br /> <br /> Note: Look for Mercury players featured in Welles pictures. They appear all over. Score: 8 out of 10
