These messages are excerpted from "Memo to Mr. Cohn from Mr. Welles", a nine-page written after Orson had seen the Godfather studio of Harry Cohn's picture of a modified version (he spent an hour): <br /> <br /> "... The title song preview was composed by George Antheil, the first composer, although not written for our pictures. This temporary title song has an atmosphere of Dark and dangerous, combined with something green Um and romantic .. The only musical idea that seems to happen to the current composer (Heinz Roemheld) is a song that is quite boring in using popular songs - "Themes" - in Prepare as much as possible. "Please Don't Kiss Me Me" For almost every bridge and the background of most content, refinement is a favorite. It may do well in Hit Parade - but the lady from Shanghai is not. Businessman Mr. Roemheld is an old-fashioned fanatic who referred to our business as "Disney". In other words, if someone falls down, he makes a "fall" sound. In the orchestra, etc. etc. ... If the lab is scratched, the initials and phone numbers are in the negative. Results ... Before traveling abroad, I would like Vi (Viola Lawrence, editor) to cut, which will be relevant. With reducing accidents near Yong-Ki with a taxi cab and a little conversation. I believe that this will be a great cut ... save images that are needed in the slow opening sequence. (Not doing this because considering the main weakness of the film opening) ... There is nothing in the reality of Rita's diving to guarantee the performance of a large orchestra ... The important thing is beauty. Rita's ... Evil voices suggested by Grigsby's characters and Michael's confusion. Some or all of these items may be an inspiration to music. But the dive is like it is an important point or a funny moment in Silly Symphony: Bereavement by Pluto the Pup or a quick jump into space by Donald Duck ... There is no atmosphere on the boat. Wind and water will miss a lot. There is no point in shooting a real boat scene if you make a sound as if it were on the process screen ... At the beginning of the picnic sequence ... in the temporary score, we used a lot of curiosity. Latin bloodline - sexy, sexy ... This was replaced by the sequel "Amazing" - something that is not good ... This type of music destroys the quality of strange things that may help the lady from Shanghai just. Another survey ... There was a huge musical explosion after Grigsby's lineup. "I want you to kill him." This is nonsense ... Hawaiian guitar songs coming out of the radio ... should be repetitive. Enough to make a mock point At this level, close to the remaining score No one among the audience might wonder if we are kidding ... The aquatic scene needs more resonance. "Please don't kiss me" again! ... bad polishing work and bad ratings have destroyed Michael's character that ran down to the port From projectiles to phones, the form of sound that was created by spending a lot of time and effort. For some reason, this thing has been left to be a favorite of vague ships. For this reason, the whole sequence seems boring ... The audience should feel this point with Michael saying that they might be crazy. This new dub job will make them feel as though they may be sleeping ... The battle with the glass-breaking gun must not be supported by music ... The song closes again. "Please do not kiss me" ... This ending is obvious to the point of being rude and causing injuries that cannot be calculated until the end of the picture. "<br /> <br /> All edits from Orson are ignored.
