As I watched one of Orson Welles's films that were involved in Hollywood as a filmmaker, I knew I was watching a great movie. But sometimes I do not know why the story of The Lady from Shanghai has an important element of Noir movie: Average - Joe leads, evil woman, supporting character, clear and easy to understand if the complex structure is quite complicated. It was a joyful journey filled with gifts from Wales as a director. But there are scenes that often do not work or do not feel complete in the complete vision of Wales (After disappointing True, the creators of Harry Cohn's executives and the Colombian executives have blamed that.) <br /> <br /> Welsh acted with his wife, Rita Hayworth. Irish Who can and is angry with the right person? Hayworth is Mrs. Bannister married to Mr. Bannister. (Everett Sloan, who played Mr. Bernstein in Citizen Kane), who is a friend with Mr. Risby (Glenners, who had good eye control), they wanted to sail their yachts and take Ohara together and at first he hesitated. But agreed because he fell in love with her married woman while their journey unfolded. Ohara found that Bannister and Grisby were not happy to be around and others with Grisby, who initially seemed to come out of His gourds But when the plot happened, O'Hara was deceived that Grisby was planning to find insurance, with results that I didn't dare to reveal. (Although they are being discussed many times) <br /> <br /> No matter what debt is born here and in the mysterious part of the story (And the moment that is clearly visible during the photo being taken in the studio) The performance and appearance of the movie is still outstanding after fifty-five years Although he does not have excellent Greg Tolland (Kane's DP) beside him, the reliable Charles Lawton Jr. allows Welles to create an atmosphere that is both elegant and completely covered with a deep focus, low-angle work. One of the achievements is the mirror in the house, which is just another highlight. Wales is always dependable as an actor - although his accent doesn't have anything special - and Hayworth himself makes the scene look more lush, even with her path in the story. <br /> <br /> The women from Shanghai are worth checking out, especially for Welles, Hayworth or movie lovers (Coen fans may find this interesting too). It may take some time. For a moment water reuse (Like the Touch of Evil) for the basic purpose of the plot to sink
