Ashura is the story of a demon possessed in Japan. The evidence is more complicated. But the curvy storyline should not be forgotten Japan is chaotic by the demons that possess human bodies traveling in the land. In general, the demon that is said to look and act like a human being, but is a Japanese demon that they use is not just a demon. But is a classic form of 'ogre', which is a mythical creature of some parts of history We are talking about creatures that look like gods rather than cute ugly monsters that children eat. <br /> <br /> However, in the human form, the remaining things are green eyes and green teeth that appear when being right. Sort Of stress To save the world from demons, there are those who kill demons. A trained and skilled warrior who is able to see and defeat all kinds of demons and protect the path between the kingdom of hell and the real world. These are the basic places. <br /> <br /> The story begins with a festival in the local city. Among these festivals, there are 3 men wearing black clothes. The villagers ran away, except those who were demons in nature that changed the green eyes and tried to kill them. The killers - that demon ended up killing most demons. From here, the story will be interesting. The essence of the story begins when the gate to hell, the demonic demon that appears before the three gatekeepers, reveals the arrival of Ashura. At the end, the human kingdom will arrive and begin the demon kingdom. However, Ashura needs some labor. The first step in the form of open fighting But will not reveal until you see this movie The three demonic killers are wise old men, powerful people. But immoral and a skilled and compassionate warrior As soon as you can see the difference between them, the old man who wants to stop the powerful demon who wants to bend them into his passion for ego, his increasing ego and the third person are going to stop for a second. On the way, he found a woman he began to imagine and believed that he had a special relationship with She turns out to be a group of people who are hospitable as needed by the staff. When the two met face to face, eventually he put his hand on her shoulder and suddenly she was destroyed with a mark on her shoulder. Needless to say, that sign is not a good sign. What ensues is the struggle for the battle world between both good and evil as it should. But still between good and good. <br /> <br /> The point for me of this film becomes something other than what I thought it would be. I think it might be an action movie with demons like Fast or horror movie with evil demons and horrifying creatures, as seen in Ringu and Ju-on. However, I misunderstood the best way The story that seems to me is the adaptation of a very old Japanese drama, and it plays itself like an adrenaline scene combination with great action scenes, amazing concepts and styles that make you think. Rather than just sitting in the blood Many scenes are drawn with elegant conversations between two unique characters in Hollywood movies. It will become a dramatic experience that will take you out to breathe. <br /> <br /> This film uses flawless scenes and cameras, equivalent to many great Samurai movies of our time. But added to the good idea And classic plot With great performances, great music and spectacular scenes, it's something to see in my book. <br /> <br /> Being said that it needs a disclaimer that is not for everyone. It's not an exciting horror movie. But it's not the ball to the action scene Is a horror style of shooting There are many things to say and it takes time to do that by flying to confront a normal fleet. Like the Japanese drama, exchanging between characters may take several minutes before they come together for a quick and amazing battle scene. If you can enjoy this thing as a masterpiece If your idea of ​​a good movie is slasher flicks with a little story and too many nudity, you can easily see other things. <br /> <br /> Overall, this movie For me is a movie that is unique and amusing. It has good writing, good performances and good directions. It's a great movie in every story.
