I have to admit that I was slightly surprised and disappointed in the negative comments that this movie seemed to provoke. I think it's a horror / sci-fi movie. Colonel Steve Reverend (Alex Rebar) returned to the world after the former space flight to Saturn. While in space, he is small and bizarre. He wakes up in the hospital bed. He looks in the mirror before his eyes melt! Escape the hospital oversight. He hid in the local forest around a small town. Unfortunately, he began to develop a fast-growing hunger that could satisfy others. He must eat human flesh and drink the blood of others for survival! Stalking the human victims. He begins his rule with fear! It is up to his old friend, Dr. Ted Nelson (Burr De Benning) to find him and try to help him. He had to work alone, because General Perry (Myron Healey), the chief, wanted it to be quiet. Nelson could not tell his wife to Judy (Ann Sweeney). However, Sheriff Micheal Alldredge began to wonder when General Perry appeared while some townspeople began to turn. Come to eat half food I don't really understand why this film has received such negative criticism. What do people expect? However, I really like this movie. The star of this film is a special technique that makes Rick Baker make-up, make-up and effects that are mostly excellent and true. All their artificial organs effects Writers and director William Sachs are not afraid to use them as well. We have an impressive close-up image of an incredibly melting person and they are still well maintained even now. Photography, music and direction are quite boring. But there is a reasonable professionalism The script manages to create sympathy for the monster. His image looks into Ted Nelson's house for a long time or when he sees his own reflection in the water and reacts violently. The ending in some large factories looks terrible, so don't expect the ending to be happy. Which surprised me In addition, the script doesn't really do anything with the place. He just walks around, melts and kills with his friends. Trying to stop him may be too easy. Personally, I think the worst movie is nearing the beginning, when the obese nurse runs along the hospital's path in slow motion. Her screams are shown in slow movements such as together You must see it in order to believe it! I like this movie very much and recommend fans horror / sci-fi 70s and 80s a bit of my favorites.
