Until the 1990s, there was never any movie based on Jane Austen's "Emma". Then both came in the same year 1996 or if you counted "Clueless" in 1995, which updated the plot. Austen is a three-year modern high school in America. <br /> <br /> The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a girl from an interesting family in Regency England. She is financially better than the heroine. Most Austen, like Elizabeth Bennett or Fanny Price and No need to find yourself a wealthy husband. But her main preoccupation seemed to find a husband for her friend. She persuaded her friend Harriet to reject the marriage proposal from Robert Martin's farmer who believed that Harriet should look. The ambitious priest, Mr Elton, has a serious mistake. However, Elton doesn't care about Harriet. But fell in love with Emma The speed at which Emma rejected his offer, wondering why she was eager to pair her friends with the man she respected. (For good reason) as a married couple that is not suitable for themselves This is the plot of Jane Austen, Emma became less determined than she thought, and she found herself falling in love and leading to further complications. <br /> <br /> Today, in 2008, Kate Beckinsale is a Hollywood actor, but in 1996, although younger than one year, it is not known internationally, such as Gwyneth Paltrow. She was convinced that it was a heroine that intended But often Austen's heroine Beckinsale seems to have a gift for the classic role - she creates a delightful hero in the "Much Ado About Nothing" version of Kenneth Branagh - and sometimes I find myself wanting that. Hollywood will have a more appropriate role for her instead of losing her in turkeys like "Pearl Harbor" or "Underworld". <br /> <br /> I like Jeremy Northam for Mark Strong as Emma Mr Knightley's love. Mostly because he came close to the idea of Tours play as a man of courage and civility in certain aspects of the father - thought to Emma than lovers. (His surname may mean showing the nature of gentlemen gentlemen in the nineteenth century, like to think of himself as a modern medieval knight equivalent to medieval knights with elaborate codes). To overlook the question about different ages (he was 37, she was 21 years old) and made Knightley a passionate lover and had fewer mentors than Northam. Samantha Morton (Other actors who will do even greater things) may be closer to Harriet's novel than Tony Callaway. <br /> <br /> This is a smaller image of both versions. Television is more than movies and sets and costumes look less extravagant and have less big names among actors. However, the typical costume drama is something that British television can do well, and this version can certainly have its own version. Both books are new versions that provide entertainment and are Austen's novels. 7/10
