Many critics felt angry that R.W. Fassbinder portrayed the protagonist Wilkie and the Nazis in this film in a manner similar to humans. Other Fassbinder movie lovers will know that "Lili Marleen" (1981) belongs to Fassbinder's "female movie" such as "The Marriage of Maria Braun" (1979) and "Lola" (1981). Fassbinder believes that "stories can tell Better with women than men "because according to Fassbinder, while men tend to achieve the roles defined in society "Women have the ability to think in a dialectical manner." However, the dialect means that not only But as a thesis and the opposite in our black and white world But it is the opposite synthesis Moreover, the dialect means that due to the third synthesis, the real objection of the difference between the thesis and the opposite is canceled. Speaking concrete: starting from the perspective of language and showing images of fascism, underground fighters must use the basic methods that parents do and between the perpetrators and the victims so they have a chiastic relationship. Every victim is also an offender. Fassbinder shows this abstract style that is superior to classical logic in his drama "The City, Garbage and the Death" (1975) which was filmed by Daniel Schmid in The name "Shadow of Angels" (1976) <br /> <br /> So, when approaching the controversial topic like Nazi Germany in a dialectical manner, the depiction of this time in the form of this film has been debated. Especially for people who cannot or do not want to see that The perception of the world does not go away with traditional light switches. But requires a third instance of synthesis to control the instance of the opposite thesis and the opposite of the member The mutual relationship between the perpetrator and the victim must be carefully considered because it is not the fact that the perpetrator is a bad person and the victim is a good person. In a synthetic view, bad people participate in goodness when good people participate in the bad. They are related In the world view, based on classical logic, the relationship between good and bad can not be created and in the ethical way of this inadequate logic, the conscience of the survivors. From Nazi Germany feeling (Without sufficient reason) the actions of their ancestors except the possibility of the relationship between the two poles and therefore the synthesis of a new evaluation model based on this relationship as well From Fassbinder's logical viewpoint, it was not possible to condemn Lili Marleen or Lola and Maria Braun from using the regime for their personal purposes because they did not use them in the wrong way. On the other hand, victims must repeat the actions of the perpetrator because the offender must repeat the actions of the victims because "good" and "bad" is not a simple reflection of another person such as In logic, two values, their strategy Legitimate with the chiastic structure of logic that explains our world, which is not black and white, better than black and white logic.
