There are rumors that at the time, ABBA, the popular star of Swedish disco who had won the championship, reached the top spot. he Shortly after, the problem began to appear in partnership. The water that was once locked and the recording became less and less. The band disappeared informally, although in 1982 and pop disappeared, one of the most famous artists. Even if they do not accept that there is any truth in those rumors, the truth remains that the ABBA will not be so successful if they record only their mother tongue. If you want to attract the largest money-making media market in the world, you must meet the English-speaking audience. <br /> <br /> It's wonderful for me that a small island near the stone. Away from Europe may create the most accepted language, even if not speaking the most widespread language in the world. Everyone speaks little English. Whether it's just 'Hello' or Kamsathom General - you'll find English speakers almost everywhere. Obviously Pedro Galinando disagreed because Trampa Infernal never had a description for global consumption until the launch of an affordable DVD. That is a real shame because it is a slasher movie that is better than many English-speaking countrymen. <br /> <br /> This film opens in an unfamiliar land of pistol duel. Two unidentified characters will be sneaking around the dilapidated complex to find other characters for the final confrontation that is inevitable. After having doubts and near misses, one of the pistols was victorious. Next, we learned that they are just paintball guns and two competitors are children from the local city. Nacho and Mauricio are fiercely competitor and Mauricio tries to prove himself to be better than his gentleman. But he still doesn't succeed. <br /> <br /> Later that night Celebrating his victory with his girlfriend, Alejandra and his friend Charlie Mauricio, entered the bar and said he had the final challenge for his glorious karma. He said that this would be a competition to prove the city once and for everyone who deserves the highest respect. At first, Nacho hesitated because Alejandra warned him of the dangers of continuous competition. But he eventually succumbed to the weight of pressure from friends and agreed; They plan to head to the remote areas of Filo de Caballo, as news reports recently reported that many people were killed by local people who believed that a stone bear, Mauricio, suggested that anyone who Slaughtering animals can be considered as the greatest animal, and he also promised that it would be the last battle he fought against his enemies. <br /> <br /> After visiting the armory to The weapon and negligent Warning of the elderly group shopkeepers who set out for the remoteness of peaceful forests Hunters became hunted when they realized that 'bears' were Vietnamese veterinarians who did not know that the war had ended and considered every human being his enemy. What started out as a competitive adventure became a struggle for survival because they were killed and killed by evil killers. <br /> <br /> I took Trampa while studying in Madrid from Mexican students living in hostels - safe for me I remember the copy that I watched was wrong and the tape ended about 10 minutes before the final credit rolled, which means I never saw the final scene. Fortunately, I recently found an affordable DVD on Amazon and added it to my collection. <br /> <br /> Gallindo's Slasher is a surprisingly good effort that excels from the direction, skill and A lot of enthusiasts who try to cover areas that have not been contacted by slasher movies. In fact, it's very good that reminds me of the chance of the classic hunter Arnator Schwarzenegger. More than once This is clear evidence, especially in the scenes that show the killer, wearing a mask that is creepy, jogging through the forest and stalking fear as they fight to escape the madman's playground. /> The devil also uses claw gloves - hands, Freddie Kruegar); Trampa also tries to add something different to the standard template. While most people play according to the rules of the Times category, three important steps in individuality declare heralds while arming themselves with machine guns and incite weapons to the hidden hero of the final showdown. From now on, the film will change quickly and become an action movie, depending on your taste, will make you excited or disappointed. The last slasher that tries to mix both styles is The Majorettes' eighty, which is not necessary. Must be good. <br /> <br /> Like many Latin movies (Especially the Spanish flick by Almodovar and Amenabar), Trampa has a profound undercurrent of stories which can be successfully transmitted without being hit by the audience's neck. Soak up the temptation of masculinity in the competition and you may not always be the winner. It is a sugar coating point. But it managed well enough to not divert the fun of the Tampa feature, perhaps wonderful But it deserves to be recognized and is one of the better slashers. The killer looks good in the creepy army fatigue and the white mask, Valentine style and creative effort just about the job. It may not be a space that most sincere horror fans like. But there is enough in terms of doubts and creativity to guarantee viewing at least once
