Filmed by MGM in the same scene as the English version But in German, Garbo is the second image of "Anna Christie" that benefits from the practice and ease of interaction with the Germans. Garbo looked more relaxed and natural under the supervision of Jacques Fayder, under Clarence Brown, and her silent motion picture disappeared, causing her to change to voice. Complete The strength she brought to the character is still here, even though it has weakened and Garbo reveals more of Anna's weakness. All actors, except Garbo, are different from the previous versions of the movie, and Garbo benefited from not having to compete with Marie Dressler, who stole every scene she was in during the English version. In the film, Feyder Garbo is the center of attention throughout, although the three players who support him, especially the father, give a great performance. Fayder's direction is more confident than Clarence Brown. And using the camera and The editing technique doesn't seem to be limited by the new sound process, like Brown's. This film moves more smoothly than the English language adaptation and the nature of the first film has been replaced by a stream of attention to the audience. Even William Daniels' movie looks better than filming in the Brown version. He records Garbo's glowing image and the atmosphere of a stylish jetty. In addition, the adaptation of the screenplay for European audiences makes Anna's career quite clear from the beginning and the clarifier for viewers who are unfamiliar with the drama is what is implied in the filming. A However, the movie was created before the production code was released which caused censorship. <br /> <br /> Garbo's Oscar nomination for "Anna Christie" is quite suspicious. Always and i wonder if nods get more The perception of switching to movies sounds much smoother than her performance. However, some institutional voters may have seen the German version of the film and they realized that as a contemporary audience, "Anna Christie" under Fayder's care is definitely worth it.
