After Garbo introduced Clarence Brown's voice on "Anna Christie", Jacques Fayder made a German version of the movie, which all actors, except Garbo, were different. While the American version still exists in the United States and most American audiences have seen this version primarily, but Germna "Anna Christie" is more likely to watch in Europe. When I watched both films, I felt right to compare the two closely related stories. Is Jacques Feyder's movie different? Better than Clarence Brown? <br /> <br /> In this analysis, I want to emphasize that both films are the same. They have identical scenes, very similar scripts and scenes presented in chronological order. Here you will find the story of a woman who came back to her father after many years and tried to start a new life. Here you still have humor. But a slightly shorter sequence in the amusement park However, when focusing on Garbo himself, I emphasized the first difference. She doesn't seem to cause curiosity while talking. The audience focuses more on her performance than in the way she speaks, which may happen to the audience. In 1931, Garbo was very good at American movies and she was also very good. For me, she seems to be more authentic in the German version. It is worth noting that Garbo didn't focus on the way she spoke that much. (Efforts that were made with a fierce feeling: GARBO TALKS!) Her German language is not very clear. But no one cares: everything is completely understood So I can say the same thing I do in my opinion about the American version: Skaal Greta Garbo! <br /> <br /> But this movie is different in one important issue, that is the actor. The rest of this is the question: what kind of depiction is more attractive, which is certainly better? The difference is full of varieties. Salka Viertel (or Salka Steuerman), Garbo's lifelong friend, does not perform as well as Marie Dressler in the role of Marthy Owens. She's not bad. She's different, sometimes too exaggerated. (From the point of view of today), but it is not genuine in the role of Marie Dresser who still makes us fun Some even claim that Dressler is better than Garbo in this movie and that comment. But it seems to be suspicious. Of course, Theo Shall is more sympathetic than Matt than Charles Bickford, but when applied to him, it's not about acting as much as the image. <br /> <br /> Those who shine in the language German "Anna Christie" who is the most worthwhile thing to pay attention to is Hans Junkermann in the role of Chris Christophererson, Anna George F. Marion's father and Hans Junkermann. One day with a difference At night Junman shows that he is truly addicted to alcohol. Men who have hope for fear of caring for his daughter too much. Anna's first meeting with her father was really great. The moment when the conversation with Chris and Marthy was memorable, especially from facial expressions and impeccable performances. Junkermann It is Chris that you like, which sometimes you laugh with your sympathy as well, leaving a picture of an alcoholic navigator in your heart that is good! <br /> <br /> If you've seen the American "Annie Christie" and the opportunity to get the German version. I suggest you watch this movie because it looks a little different. Good and correct. How to compare the value added to Clarence Brown's movies and the most important opportunity to discover amazing performances: Hans Junkermann Skaal or Prost, Hans Junkermann!
