Fragile Carne before his great era Although sometimes it is hesitantly directed and married by the longueurs HOTEL DU NORD, full of charm and beauty that faded as typical of French movies in the late 1930s, including the brightness of this director. All his great virtues are here: the cramped interior is broken by complex and delicious camera movements. Grief of light and shadow; Distinguished series of yearning for Alexander Trauner, who is emotionally suggesting that they are names used to create their own personalities; The melancholy melody of Maurice Jaubert; Casual storyline about love, tragedy and fate that caused the character to snare. Special performances from the greatest players of all time. In this case, Louis Jouvet and Arletty <br /> <br /> In fact, the biggest failure of this film and I found myself strange. Important) to accept it as its script It has lots of intelligence and pain. But without the poetry and sarcasm that Carne, who worked together like Jacques Prevert to their best movies, could not avoid slipping into the boredom. This film creates an open mind of the community with two linked stories of love, agenda and metaphysical feelings and real isolation. The situation of insulting love is the least effective. Annabella is very beautiful. But not very good in the tragedy, while the person who has the character of Amont's expression is cleverly appropriate, although it may be because its nature obscures the romantic feelings of the truth. But I find it difficult to sympathize with a very attractive young couple who, after only a few months, had hoped that they had to shoot. Their high flying lines are quite embarrassing as well. Of course, this does not mean that it is possible - a symbol of hope and possibility of being crushed in France, or perhaps France may despair, resigning, waiting for death. In order for the symbol to be truly powerful, they must persuade at the level of storytelling, which I feel that they are not here. <br /> <br /> The thing that saves the plot is the connection. Linked to the story of Ed Edmond, a character linked to the great tradition of French thugs Although we learn it gradually But he is a murderer who hides by selling Arletty's character played by his conspirators. In his previous role, and his behavior is very important. He has one set. In hiding, he assumed the opposite. He was severely shaken by the Treaty of Lovers and died by realizing the folly of trying to cheat death. <br /> <br /> In this way - accepting that one person is less than The collection of signs and death is an inevitable truth. The most powerful man must surrender. - Edmond is a romantic example of Melville's clinical killer. With one exception - he gives a brief hope of delusions that are But the strength - if that is not too sarcastic, irresistible - his serious amendments <br /> <br /> All of this can be boring if not because The truly amazing performance of Louis Jouvet. I studied his theater career at college. But this is the first time I have received the talent from his screen, and he shows that he is worthy of the great - Grant, Mastroianni, Clift, Mason, Mitchum, Cotten - giving a quiet nobleman. Which is more conceptual (He doesn't need to speak as a metaphor) than the real person. Edmund started this movie as a secondary character. But appeared as a sad hero of some power Like all the main actors, Jouvet's cleverness lies in what he conceals. <br /> <br /> At the official level, Carne's amazing thing is ten years before the booming of the great Hollywood melodies. The great performances of Sirk Ophuls, Ray and Minnelli, although his dramatic performances lack the flow and clear beauty of Sierck's contemporary German Melodramas (see masterpieces of ZU NEUEN UFERN and LA HABENERA). Carne's style is suitable for the theme of He the actual The standard of this film is water-credit floating and melting. The hotel is located on the waterfront - but instead of Renoir's possible open river, we have still and man-made canals nowhere. The film begins when it ends and the settings never change, except for one short interlude, in which the two escape to be sentenced back. The characters can escape through death - their detention is highlighted by a narrow room in which they occupy walls and frames that hold them, windows that look out of the escape that they cannot do. Therefore, any hope at the end is a deep matter if love is violated.
