The main director of Ching Siu Tung. The most popular success is the Chinese series, Ghost 1-3. The ghost of Chinese star Leslie Chong in the distant past in China as a tax collector. Forced to be overnight "Collecting his journey" in a mysterious castle where strange old warriors fight and meet him. Beautiful actress Joey Wang / Wong is a ghost who lives in this castle and is under the rule of a powerful demon, a wooden demon that gathers human souls for himself with the help of the beautiful ghosts of you Leslie and Joey fall in love, and although the ghosts are not allowed to live with humans, they decide to destroy that rule and live happily together for the rest of their lives. This is not what Mara thought and our protagonist must fight for life and happiness. <br /> <br /> This film is full of magic, no less than the other movies of Ching Siu Tung. His masterpiece. Including Duel to the Death (1983) and the series of swords, which all have incredible images and movement power in action scenes The ghost story is filled with great lightning and the dark atmosphere that is illuminated by the strong presence of beautiful and good spirits. This effect is just breathing and will work with their greatest power on the big screen. The camera moves and twists all the time and adds to the fairytale atmosphere that this movie has. There are many wire'fu stunts as well, and although some people think they are and look free or stupid when used in movies, I can't agree and think. They provide animations in the form of independent magic and other creative tools that cannot be provided. When people fly in these movies, it means movies that Not just about our world, and they often show things bigger than life with the power of this larger art form. <br /> <br /> A story about power. Of love is quite impressive and warm But the problem is (again) that the character is too shallow and not being described occasionally. Leslie and Joey should be more carefully written and their characters should be more warm and deep in order to make the story more powerful and make the film more successful. In addition, the message about love and its power underlines too little at one point and should be left in the hearts of the audience to interpret and find. Another negative aspect of the dialogue is that it is too much and people talk in this movie without reason. That is annoying and shows the sad flaws that many script writers often do when they write a movie. People just talk and everything is there to make everything as easy as possible. Therefore, this film is not challenging or convincing because it has this worthless element. Just think about the movie of Takeshi Kitano, the Japanese filmmaker. His movies have very little dialogue and everything is necessary because he tells things with other movie tools and never speaks or makes other characters speak too much in his movie. This is just the ability that the writer should have in order to write a greater chapter. <br /> <br /> Otherwise, the Chinese ghost story is beautiful and amazing, which is filmed in Eastern movies and there are also songs played in The film is very beautiful and hopefully will be awarded in the Hong Kong Film Awards recently. I gave the Chinese ghost story 7/10 and without the above mentioned flaws, it is no doubt that it is the perfect masterpiece of the fantasy genre.
