I just watched the good-natured parody of Night of the Living Dead and I have to say it's terrible and repetitive. This film incorporates all the existing comedy and scenery, including tombs, abandoned houses, abandoned cellars and front lawn. What I especially like about this film is the use of funny bread and bread, the common enemy in the household, is indignant. C'mon We know that toaster, oven, toaster and zip lock have been made. The bread has been dozens of times, and now we have to ask for help from them to overcome the anguish of bread. In addition to cheap performances and dubbed short horror movies, this is also my favorite comedy of Night of the Living Dead, even more than the Night of the Living Dead of 1990. <br /> <br /> I think this makes Watching a worthwhile movie is a way for writers and directors to use the entire dialogue from the original movie and revolve around bread, including the way in which the bread is restored and avoiding the remaining things because of danger. Another good reason I love this movie is that there is no exception to what bread is evil. The bagels are evil and even the conversation is evil, which is shown by the hilarious scenes associated with the announcer and the priest. only one I think the actors have a sense of humor, especially showing the actions of being rigorously attacked by bread slices (such as car scenes). I think the end is worth it to sticking. <br /> <br /> Although this Short and "Night of the Dawn of the Bride's Son of the Return of the Revenge of Terror of Attack of the Evil, Mutant, Alien, Flesh Eating, Hellbound, Zombified Living Dead Part 2: In Shocking 2-D" is another Debatably great parody. It is still recommended that it be a great horror parody. I would like to recommend this movie to everyone who can make fun of Night of the Living Dead and still have respect. Filmmaker I would like to recommend this movie to everyone who loves D-movies and horror parody movies. It's a wonderful short horror movie that is fun to watch and learn.
