Joan Fontaine here is credited as a moral beauty that cannot feel the love for anyone other than herself. Her husband (Richard Nay) loses all of his money through integration. Of her ignorance and waste, and they reduced their living in a small room with little or no chance They still wear the most amazing clothes, go out and socialize, as if nothing was wrong. He is a charming, merciless person. But all friendly However, Fontaine decided that he had to go because he was able to use it for a long time. So she decided to poison when she realized he didn't want to divorce her so that she could move forward. At the same time, she has Patric Knowles, which she decides to drop because he is not rich as well. She met Herbert Marshall, who had a yacht with accessories and money, more than even Von Horne. She targets him and decides that he will do well. He was eager to eat the beauty of children too. Of course, he is not very exciting and has sex appeal as much as an omelette yesterday. But Fontaine is one of those who have eyes only for money, and the man standing between her and it is so transparent that she won't notice or pay attention to what he looks at. She looks through him and sees what she needs. Really And go for it She earns her husband's poison and sends him neatly and satisfactorily to make everything go well. But, as always, happened in movies and sometimes even in life, some unexpected things started to go wrong and the tension increased significantly, so Fontaine started to sweat. Fontaine is a very cruel and scary person, and when the net begins to approach her, her growing despair is very clear and makes us see our seats. Hysteria and fear dominate calculations and brilliant flair. But she found that a man who fell in love with her crime in a man who was driven out of a lover who was the innocent victim of the plan to set him He was sentenced to death for murder due to the death of the husband, with the poison coming to light unexpectedly. But Sir Cedric Hardwis, a scary field inspector of Scotland, thought that something might be wrong and began to doubt the story and suspect Fontaine. He closed her and some scenes when this incident inspired the most panic. But will the innocent life be rescued before he is executed? Will Fontaine walk away from here? Will Herbert Marshall protect her to protect his obsession? The film, directed by Sam Wood and this film, is a really great thriller, which I think has a lot of good features for the description of the best noir movie.
