The Sea is Watching is an interesting movie experience. First, the overall feeling is violence within the awkwardness and small. Each frame appears to be a photo of what's inside a very focused thing and not part of a bigger picture. Obviously we have to look at each frame. The physical characteristics of the scene contributed to the feeling of smallness and violence. The light in the middle of the road, cut half the road and a small door to a small community followed by a few small glass balls that served as establishments that make up the whole city. Even the view of the ocean is surrounded by a small landing which can count the number of long grass in the wind. No panoramic view In fact, it reminds me of the Montmarte sequence of the Moulin Rouge that the camera focuses on the wind turbine, creating a feeling of a small space where everything happens again. <br /> <br /> While that show goes through Considering me Can not distinguish how the transmission line really is. I feel that the action is too truthful and ridiculous. Why did Kikuno continue the way she did when Fusanusuke announced that his approaching marriage wasn't true? People don't change that much, and the characters Kikuno are strong and flexible, even if they are busy with Oshin's business. Nonsense, the reaction seems to come out of the character and not necessarily. And distracting Another example of a strange performance was when Kikuno's drunken girlfriend appeared and Ryosuke decided to intervene and be pushed down the stairs. The way he got up and went up the stairs horribly and continued fighting among the reeds. Satisfactory. Not that I like fighting scenes, right? Au opposite? But it seems like a little arrogant and dramatic. <br /> <br /> Otherwise, while not a movie to watch, it gives an interesting interest in the dark side of prostitution. Unfortunately, sometimes it is the expectation of women who are erotic (love "I will give you an agreement", comments that are supported by prolonged actions) and make me seriously suspicious that actually Prostitutes in the last century. But when entering the house, the inner workings were interesting, bright and the most true and gave the situation that I had never expected or imagined in the romantic view of Japan. In the 19th century
