'Umi wa miteita' ('The Sea is Watching') is the song of Akira Kurazawa in the film adaptation of the story of his favorite novelist in Shugoro Yamamoto in the movie script he intended to shoot. Kei Kumai's director expressed respect for both Kurosawa and Yamamoto in presenting a beautiful sight change. <br /> <br /> Located in the 19th century Japan, the story explores the lives of women in Million geisha whose sole purpose. In life is to earn money by making men satisfied This house is run by a polite elderly couple and a geisha, a charming woman who knows the trade and is proud of their career. Each person has a reason to turn to the life of a geisha. Oshin (Nagiko Tono) supports her family living in a nearby village. Kikuno (Misa Shimizu) has both good and bad customers that she managed to maintain with the story of a higher caste. Oshin leads the endangered samurai to fall in love with a gentle friend, only to find that he must not marry his caste and leave his happiness with Oshin to marry. The fiance he promised Oshin's heart easily bruised. But received emotional and physical support / income by Kikuno and other geisha. <br /> <br /> Samurai handsome Ryosuke (Masatoshi Nagase) enters Oshin's life and develops a trusting and dedicated relationship first. with you Kikuno was beset by problems, deciding to accept the humble love of an old man who wished to marry her and deal with wealthy customers. But not appropriate While the sea is watching and as the typhoon destroys houses and geisha roads, Oshin and Kikuno sit on the roof waiting for Ryosuke's help. The manner in which the story ends is the sacrifice of love and dedication. The sea is watching and will be protected for true love. <br /> <br /> Photography by Kazuo Okuhara is breathtakingly beautiful: night scenes with sparkling lanterns and The geisha's colorful interior. The performance is quite stressful with Edo's art, but the characters are well-built and credible. Distraction, which is not what Kuroza will receive, is a tasteless Western music score, which sounds like an opera-soap filler, cheap, except for a separate time when authentic Japanese music on genuine instruments comes. play But ultimately, Kurosawa's influence is enough to embed this film with his dream brand that will make him important in the Grady Harp movie world.
