This is one of my favorite horror movies. It is a level of production with a level that represents excellent actors, beautiful movies in places, musical scores that haunt the theme, plot, intelligent and novel stories and the atmosphere of terror. Scared and dangerous It's reminiscent of classic movies such as ROSEMARY'S BABY and THE SHINING, where sensitive young women find themselves victims of supernatural power in an eerie old building. Here, CRISTINA RAINES is the leading New York City fashion model. Alison Parker external mask that blessed her away, conflicting and deep souls. This is the evidence that revealed that in her past, she attempted suicide twice - as a teenager, a woman after walking in her father, vile, cavorting on a bed with two women and letting him take a silver cross from her neck. Then threw it on the floor And the second time after her husband's wife-girlfriend's marriage should commit suicide rather than learning their story Tell her story (played by CHRIS SARANDON, which is reasonably smooth) that she wants to live on herself for a year or more. She responds to a newspaper ad for a spacious one-bedroom apartment and receives Fully furnished This building actually exists and is located at 10 Montague Terrace, close to Brooklyn Heights Promenade on Remsen Road. Producers were actually filmed inside the building and the apartment paid for accommodation for absolute inconvenience. The Miss Logan real estate agent (AVA GARDNER) seems to be interested in Alison much to make an apartment which is an unexplained interest with the 6% commission she will receive. Especially when she lowered the rental price quickly from $ 500.00 per month to $ 400.00. Alison agreed and when leaving the building with the slogan noticed an elderly man sitting and saw her staring from the top floor window. Ms. Logan identified this man as her father, Halliran and told Alison that he was blind. Alison's answer is very reasonable - "blind". What will he look at? After moving in, Alison met other villagers in the building, including a lesbian couple, played by Sylvia Miles and Beverly D'ANGELO, who welcomed Alison with feelings. uncomfortable Alison's mental health and physical well-being soon began to worsen and she was plagued by headaches and fainting spells. When she conveyed her concern to Mrs. Logan about her sleep being disturbed every night by clanging and loud footsteps from the apartment directly above her, she was a fool to learn that apart from the priest. Blind In that building over the past three years Recalled the courage one night to face the torment at night. She took her weapon with a butcher and torch knife and entered the upper floor apartment. She is confronted with the terrible demon of the dead father and uses a knife to protect him when he comes after her. Police inspected and found signs of violence in that apartment - no bodies, no blood, nothing. Even then, Alison escaped from the building and collapsed on her own blood-filled road when it appeared. But she did not mark any things that Alison didn't realize until her storyline was that she was in the brown stone with the purpose. She was sent there for a reason - the reason that the origins go back to the biblical story of the Garden of Eden and the angel Uriel posted at the entrance to protect it from the devil. She is being fostered unconsciously and taught by the Catholic Church to take on the most important role to guarantee that her cursed spirit, because of her two suicidal attempts, can help. At the same time, the "invisible" neighbor, which became more of a strange gimmick, had a different agenda for her. This film is a talented and intelligent film and is a film that surprises the Church and its representatives in sympathy.
