This horror movie, which was created from the same novel, was affected by incomplete production and the lack of direction, expertise, but it was very interesting. Unlike the horror horror movies such as The Exorcist, this movie leads the audience to viciousness. It floated in horror, which began as a slow, dreamy audience, as it began with poor girls who were chosen to be followers of the next person without knowing it. Her chosen job is to sit at the gate of hell and prevent evil from exploding into the world. This is exactly what she had to pay for trying to commit suicide earlier in her life. <br /> <br /> This is a true story for a sensational book. But the solution that may cause the audience to lose There is a fine texture in the story that has been eliminated and never described satisfactorily, which makes this movie painful. Unfortunately. The Sentinel doesn't flick your seat edge. It looks more awkward. Like a bad car wreck, forced to look at it, even if it can't This movie is not bad and still has the ability to shock. <br /> <br /> A talented actor. Christina Raines has been loved as Alison, a fragile woman under spiritual attack from both sides, which is a never ending battle between good and evil. Chris Sarandon performed as well as caring But in the end, the fans themselves are central Eli Wallach and Christopher Winken are very young, a detective who tries to solve the strange mysteries that they sent. Eva Gardner is elegant because the broker does not know the horrors that are hidden in her rental property. John Carradine, an elderly, gaunt with his rheumatoid hands, was as good as a dying scout that had to be replaced. The devil plays for a charming perfection by Burgess Meredith; He was so cute. There are future stars hidden in this film: Beverly D'Angelo and Jeff Goldblum as a friend of a poor girl and Jerry Orbach plays successfully compared to the genre as a television director. The cursed spirit at the end will be conveyed by surprise and visual performance. Anyone who thinks that doing so is a genius that is distorted, but wise Meet her father With his two prostitutes She tried her first suicide, confronted by a strange, unusual lesbian, and saw a cat cutting the cake into a cake. Over and over again, she was pulled back and forth through reality and imagination through dreams and awakening nightmares all the time that lacked a means of coping. In truth, the devil tried to drive her crazy car enough to kill himself before becoming a next scout. Will he succeed ...? In summary, movies that are moving slowly But incredibly creepy, can act well But poorly directed and horror movies in the 70s that are commonly seen before the real fighters release (No pun intended) This movie may not be suitable for people with ADHD. But it can also send chills to the spine and can also provide a less important vibration It is still interesting and enjoyable in the kingdom of evil.
