The qualifications of director / author Michael Winner are supernatural horror movies that are beyond the expectations. (Although still being effectively supported for the schlock), which was not observed at all Of course, it may borrow ideas from other similar horror movies during this time. But still able to bring their own psychological content to the content that is a smokescreen (good with evil) and a unique vision Exploited parts Overall, it's a sketch. But still interesting by cultivating ominous expenses without having to join the gang in fear In fact, there is something going on between the busy frameworks, but it is quite easy to play, with shocks, causing soap patterns and atmospheric tailoring until until it is miraculously expelled and climaxed. Those who dress with the skill of the winner may feel pedestrians. But it is all actors who really hold it together ?? While you try to see the face There are many as well. Some people are more involved in the plans of things than others, but there is no doubt about what they do, even if they seem cruelly vulgar. It is interesting to see names such as Sylvia Miles (very creepy!), Beverly D'Angelo (likewise), Deborah Raffin, Eli Wallach, Eli Wallach, Christopher Walken, William Hickey (The Stunning Pendant), Jeff Goldblum. , Jerry Orbach and Tom Berenger, parts. Then you have Chris Sarandon, a gentle manners and beautiful Christina Rain. Can support José Ferrer, Martin Balsam, Ava Gardner, John Carradine, Burgess Meredith and Arthur Kennedy. This script has many characters including ideas. But was surrounded by trying to squeeze it all in. However, it caused confusion in creating suspicion and deception. What happened here? Is there any reason for this and why does it surround the character of Rain? Most of the importance was created from that angle when it began to shine slowly in her inner behavior and the strange / worrying experience she encountered when she moved into her new apartment. This is where the winner tries to pull out the creepy shades that show off the cool moments. Gil Melle is the person responsible for the great orchestral score that has never been missed, and Richard C. Kratina is a boundary photographer. And far
