Michael Winner is probably best known for his revenge films such as "Death Wish" and "Chato's Land" but he is equally talented as a director of the mysterious horror movie as "The Sentinel" in 1977, proving " The Sentinel, "based on John Konvitz's novel, the screenwriter, is a very intelligent and fearless religious chiller that doesn't have any occult horror lovers. Obviously, this film was inspired by a successful classic mystery, such as "Rosemary's Baby", "The Exorcist" or "The Omen", but as far as I was concerned it was still a matter. Stable Even the reptiles <br /> <br /> Allison Parker (Christina Rain) is a beautiful New York model. An incident that affected her past and was not willing to marry her lawyer. (Chris Sarandon) Allison is looking for an apartment and finds an incredibly cute and big house. However, the new apartment comes with other tenants and a terrible new neighbor. Soon, it's a bit annoying with Alice ... This may be an insufficient conclusion. But I hate to spoil the great moments of this movie, so I won't explain more in detail. However, what I will say is "The Sentinel" is a very creepy and powerful movie that gains great performers, including a strange and surprising atmosphere all the time. The fact that director Michael Winner and writer John Konnvitz acted as producer here certainly influenced the results. This film captures imagery and the creepy old Brooklyn mansion is a wonderful scene for this type of movie. As mentioned above, the atmosphere is ambiguous and creepy, and the film also includes shocking and horrifying moments of authenticity. This movie has a lot of scary and unusual characters and the actors are great. Christina Raines, who is beautiful, is great in the role of Allison Parker. She is cute and still at the point of being beaten. Chris Sarandon is also very good as her boyfriend. A successful lawyer and Supporting actors include many big names such as Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach, Beverly D'Angelo and Tom Berenger before being really famous. The actors also have stars like Evan Gardner, the horror icon John Carradine, Burgess Meredith and my favorite Eli Wallach, the great detective who despises other killers. I have been a big fan of director Michael Winner for a long time, especially for movies like "Death Wish" and "Chato's Land". "The Sentinel" is another great movie in the drama Winner and is also a proof that This man is not just a revenge movie. But also a mysterious atmospheric horror film. In summary, "The Sentinel" is a mysterious, mysterious, eerie and strange chiller that introduces horror fans to everyone!
