I'm not sure why this movie was exiled to confusion, even though it's a stupid story. The Sentinel is a clever and creative horror movie that gives the most admired ghost stories today than Michael Winner money Accepted many times that he is not the best director of all time and that shines many times in this film. But it must be said that this film works even without the direction that does not receive the attention and the fact that the winner has tried to deal with an actor with just a remarkable talent. The story is full of mystery and begins with a focus on Alison Parker and the hunt for flats. She found that she couldn't buy most of the real estate that she looked at. But thought that her luck changed when she found an apartment that was fully furnished at a reasonable price Her problems began shortly after moving in because she didn't like her neighbors much ... and this problem increased when the real estate broker told her that she had only one neighbor. The elderly priests on the top floor ... <br /> <br /> The list of actors is truly fantastic. Known by Cristina Raines, Chris Sarandon is a small stick in his role opposite Raines. But a small piece for John Carradine, Eli Wallach, Ava Gardner, Jeff Goldblum and Christopher Walken to name Sarandon Michael Winner works well in his center position because the flat blocks give horror and disgust to the story. The movie started a little slow. But never boring And the screenplay of the winner Michael gives a surprise that is almost impossible to guess from offset, which deserves absolute praise. Like many similar slow-burning horror, this image does not go with the money paid. Early on, which is different from many endings, is the absolute climax when the winner leaves the audience shocked and if there is a rumor that he uses real humans. The strangeness is true. I must say that he is doing very well! Overall, while this movie may be a pure ho, no matter how you look at it, Sentinel is one of the better movies in its genre, and of course is an important highlight for the director.
