Sigh ?? I sincerely wonder why the award-winning and deeply-acclaimed film critics have expressed dissatisfaction with director Michael Winner. Of course, he is not an avatar of subtlety, because his films are always comfortable and always confronted. They are extremely fun. His most famous action movie, for example, the first three shows in "Death Wish" - the sample set is a simple target to hide because they accused of praising violence and using a personal shotgun. Such as the religious horror of "The Sentinel" etc.? He didn't have a chance with any critics. "The watchman" created many conflicts and anger when letting go when it leaked out that Michael, an unusually handsome and deformed winner. Depict creatures that try to cross the gateway between hell and the world This same argument caused Todd Browning's masterpiece and landmark in the horror film "Freaks" to remain flat and invisible for over thirty years! And why? Just because some people who are insulting and angry are not supposed to watch the movie at first, claiming to be unethical things to do? I do not think Michael Winner or Todd Browning is still holding these people in the muzzle or forcing them to appear in their movies, so anything that gives us the right to feel embarrassed instead. Another important reason that critics do not welcome "The Sentinel" because of Jeffrey Konvitz's novel and Michael Winner's screenplay ?? Is a derivative of other contemporary horror stories, but more successful than other religions, so according to critics of the horror critics, less than pure imitation Admittedly, "The Sentinel" borrowed a lot of elements from "Rosemary's Baby", "The Omen" and "The Exorcist", but let's face it. The 70s movie grew up with stealing recipes and imitating success stories. If you overlook the concepts that were not there before and in all fairness, a number of confusing and unnecessary plans, "The Sentinel" is still a very unique and often shocking atmosphere in the 70s. Impressive show <br /> <br /> Alison Parker, a charming model with an unprocessed mind, moved to a beautiful brown apartment in Brooke. Clin Many times Alison's existence, and especially her mental state, changed drastically shortly after, and the ominous apartment seemed to be the root of all misery. She met a strange neighbor and attended a birthday party for their cat, although the land owner claimed that she and the blind monk were just tenants. She fainted frequently during the assigned work and had a truly eerie vision of her illegitimate father and the night she tried to commit suicide. Apparently Alison was chosen to perform a higher supernatural function in this apartment building. But the evil forces tried to prevent and prevent this It is truly sad that the promotional advertising billboards and even a brief summary on the back of the DVD immediately reveal that Alison's brown apartment is the gateway to the world of hell itself and she is one. In those who have been chosen because the screenplay is created only slowly, the revelation is almost 75 minutes (and throughout the scenes that are boring and sad), the winner Michael succeeded. To maintain the impression that Alison's mind was juggling with her and the Catholic Church's involvement and her strange behavior, many horrifying scenes were quite close to genius, such as flashbacks. Alison's back or her first acquaintance with the upper priest All the important points with the appearance of the guests mentioned above are truly terrifying performances of pure terror and one of the most memorable and boring things I have never seen before. <br /> <br /> The winning actor, Michael. The collection is very impressive, especially considering "The Sentinel" is still a legitimate horror movie and this genre is not received. The most popular among outstanding actors But of course, you have to put a list of actors into the view slightly. Apparently many roles in this film are more than hijacking. For example, Martin Balsam and John Carradine appeared on the screen for a couple of minutes. Many others (such as Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Beverly D'Angelo and Tom Berenger) may increase the reputation of movies today But back when they were released, they were not too well known to attract curious viewers. My personal choice for the best performance at Burgess Meredith as a mysterious neighbor and Eli Wallach is the police inspector. Cristina Raines, who is not quite known for his admirable work and holding Chris Sarandon back in neatly, even though he plays a ridiculous mustache sport In my humble opinion, "The Sentinel" is a thrilling and scary horror movie, and of course, must watch for fans of TRUE.
