This is the first of two parts behind the conflict between machines and humanity in the world of the matrix, and is presented remarkably by combining observations about human fears about unknowns and spoils. Against politics, religious images and a long history Expect to see pictures of people involved and at least believe in some parts and make a terrible vision of our near future. It's not perfect and there are some points where the plot and pictures appear at the same time and invent. But it has the desired effects and effects and tells the story about the internal organs and warning in advance. <br /> <br /> The first part defines the scene - human society has developed a modern and capable robot. Which are mostly human beings to serve people who are unskilled, labor, construction, etc. and cause the people to become lazy and derogatory to them However, a robot rebelled and killed his owner, stating at the next trial that he didn't want to die. He was destroyed, but when the destruction of the swarm of robots was ordered to protect humanity, many robots got up. Come and protest with many human sympathizers beside them. <br /> <br /> The image here is for exploitation. Square, the devastation and the thrilling scene of the robot in the mask of a young woman who was bullied, smashed his head and shot dead as it pleaded that 'I am the real thing'. It is placed on the clothes floor and torn skin and the chest hanging out. It is a clear and rude image designed to present human fears to uncontrollable elements and aggression towards groups based on individual actions. <br /> <br /> Continue first. This is like the compressed version of the I Robot movie, but it soon evolved into a backward-known matrix when the surviving robots were exiled and assembled in the Middle East in the origin. When the narrator informs us There, the machines are regrouped and begin to produce new AI and produce a lot of technology and exchange with human countries. We saw commercial advertisements for cars that used powerful engines that circled the rebel ships used in movies and we saw the guarded robots flying around the Zero One, their city name. Their products and trade have caused their economies to rise and affect other dangerous countries, and the government and government officials have created a blockade to respond. The diplomatic machine in the form of Adam and Eve is similar to the United Nations Congress to negotiate a peaceful solution to the blockade. But they were forced to move away and the scene was created for war in the second part. <br /> <br /> Animation is a 4 ° C studio that works with animate. And how many emotions and motivations can be seen in scenes such as photo montages, videos from CCTV and distinctive imported scenes and presenting the overall story perfectly The story may not be a traditional concept and may be used with simple sheep ideas and plot models and resorts to serve as a provocative media. But after the tantalizing mystery of the first film and Morpheus, the catastrophic event that caused the world to die and in the hands of machines that act as warnings and as a vehicle for observing and commenting on human condition, AI development and The importance of unity and cooperation and destruction The consequences of conflict and prejudice in the expansion of movies
