Minor Spoiler <br /> <br /> Alison Parker (Christina Raines) is a successful leading model with lawyer Michael Lerman (Chris Sarandon) in his apartment. She attempted suicide twice in the past: the first time when she was a teenager and saw her father cheat on her mother and two women in her house, and when Michael's wife died Since then, she left Christ and the Catholic Church behind. Alison wants to be alone in her own apartment and with the help of real government officials, Ms. Logan. (Eva Gardner) She found an old apartment that is beautifully decorated in Brooklyn Heights for proper rental. She saw a stranger at the window in the final floor of the building and Ms. Logan said that he was the father of Francis Matthew Hallran. (John Carradine), a blind priest who lives alone who is supported by the Catholic Church. Alison moved to her new place, and at that time she received a visitor: Charles Shazen, a neighbor (Burgess Meredith) welcomes her and introduces her new neighbor Then he invited Alison to join Jezebel's cat birthday party. At night the next day, the strange thing happened to Alison in her apartment and her health. Alison looks for Mrs. Logan and informs that she lives alone with the priests in the building. An additional investigation shows that everyone she knows at the party is a dead criminal. Alison embraces Christ again as Michael examines the creepy events. Alison realizes that she is in the door to hell. <br /> <br /> Despite the assessment by IMDb users, 'The Sentinel' is one of the best horror movies ever. I saw this movie at least six times for the first time in the 70s in the movie theater on September 7, 2002. I bought the imported DVD and watched it again. Yesterday I watched this movie again. Even after many years, this film is still excellent. Scary and terrifying stories, even in modern times The actors are constellations and constellations. You can see many famous actresses and actresses at the beginning of their career. The horror movie fans worshiped 'The Sentinel' and I was one of them. My rating is nine. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): 'A Sentinela dos Malditos' ('The Sentinel of the Damned') <br /> Obs: On 02 September 2007, I watched this movie again
