That was the first thing that had sprung up in my heart when I watched the closing credits of Europa that made it all over the screen. I had never seen such a genius technical movie before in my life. The image of Europa was impressive. Very heart Look in awakening. It will be pale in comparison. Forget Michael Bay, Ridley Scotsman, Hollywood Nyan Europa. The film has an ethereal beauty rather than what they can conjure up in millions of years. I am now the first person to praise Lars von Trier, the genius at the back of his movie. Breaking the Waves and the Dancer in the Dark But this is really stupid. Europa is not noticed by movie experts. For a long time It is a crime against cinemas, while too much garbage like Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon and Life is Beautiful. (But what you know) Europa is hidden away from video stores in the form and (Until recently) British TV channel <br /> <br /> The image in Europa is not a MTV shadow; It's not a case of style rather than substance. But more substance style Like his first film, The Element of Crime, Von Trier uses the main character's perspective to attract us into his world, and as with the film's composition, it begins with the main character. (Or in the case of Europa being hypnotized as we scroll the speaker's voice track (Max von Sydow) will count us to sleep until we wake up in Europa This makes von Trier and the three movie photographers pay according to the pattern of time and imagery. There are many scenes in Europa when the characters in the background in white and black will interact with people in the foreground. As a color, von Trier tried to show us that the color list or the person who was above the plot was not surprised that the first match of Leopold Kessler (Jean-marc Barr) had color because he was the only character one Whoever acts is superior to movies. <br /> <br /> The performance is good. They may not always be in von Trier's movies. But that is because sometimes the pictures may distract you. Didn't get them for the first time around. But I would like to point out the great performances of Jean-Marc Barr in the lead role in which the blind fantasy is slowly warned from both opposing parties until he Will explode in The final scene of the movie Once again, the clone, like The Element of Crime, the movie ends with our hero unable to wake up from his nightmare, leaving in this terrible place, only the continuous storytelling of von DoD to be sealed. His fate, Europa, is a great movie and I can't help thinking of what von Trier has abandoned this filming since he clearly saw him as one of the director of the film. Most capable at work at the time, like Europa, other cannons loaded with scenes that symbolize abundance. The dedication to the elements and scenes that are unmatched, not to mention the use of sound and his production design. But because of his insane music became the Breaking the Waves and the Dancer in the Dark who can argue But it seems that it is losing the ability to imagine 10/10
