2003 was seen as the year of the Matrix by the introduction of two sequels and computer games linked to the plot of the movie. In addition, there are 9 short animated animated DVDs that are mostly written and produced in Japan and produced as anime. Japan creates the best animation in the world. Sadly, most shorts are disappointing. The best of them is the first part of the first premiere movie. <br /> <br /> The second Renaissance was created as a historical file. It tells how humans create their own machines. Humans live a high life while the machine is a roaring worker of the second-class citizen society. In 1990, the BI-66ER machine was investigated for murder after killing his owner who wanted to disable him. The machine does not have a fair trial and riots start around the world Governments around the world ordered to dismantle machines. Many machines are out of human society and established their own countries in the Middle East. O1 01 has an effective economy and easily destroys human countries, causing them to be in an economic crisis. Human encirclement 01 and deny the request for peace, therefore being the man responsible for the war that enslaved them. <br /> <br /> The second Renaissance is an interesting watch with an animation style. Excellent and original Define an interesting world It shows that the machines were attacked and humanity sowed the seeds of their own destruction. Have a political and social world Sharing short form and style for the silent movie Metropolis Classic, partly beginning with the mafia. They are forms of slavery, cruelty and racism. In short, there are religious and religious styles. Most men perceive themselves as gods and create their own machines. See yourself as the correct expert of the machine. Those machines use religious pagans as the main building their nation in 'The source of human civilization' and the machines that came to the United Nations, wearing Adam and Eve dresses, offering Apple <br /> <br /> Beautiful animation style. Made in the style of a traditional anime (such as Akira). The design is excellent, combining the future with the historical cities like Washington DC .. The future scenes are surprisingly violent and violent, which is the key to the movie. Directed by Mahiro Maeda, the movie director for the movie Kill Bill Vol 1, has good credentials with Hollywood. He is willing to use violence and knows how to continue the story. <br /> <br /> The only real complaint is the continuation of the first film of the Matrix, because Morpheus said Humans have no historical record of war. But it looks good.
