Cook is not famous for hospitality and 'Feeling happy', something that has a story of fighting, chaos, murder, and of course, bonding men violently! But the prison in this movie is a completely different beast The horror movie set in the cell is absolutely as you may know that there is nothing new, especially as they emphasize and exaggerate the fear of claustrophobia And the inability of escape? Two of the greatest styles in horror movies With examples such as the chair (Waldermar Korzeniowsky, 1988), THE GREEN MILE (Frank Darabont, 1999), ALIEN 3 (David Fincher, 1992) and of course all the exploitation categories of women in prison must enter this channel again Is an invention and fun to boot in order to be accepted Or at least that's what you think The prison is an incredibly fun and fun game, and it is quite shameful that it is not as well known as it should be. <br /> <br /> The short movie is in the old prison duh!) Which was reopened. However, it is not just the prisoners and prisoners who are afraid of it. But still a demon demon spirit that has only one thing in his heart to die! And we are treated to a wonderful death scene! I will not lose anything with you here. But there are many creative and fun murders made by unseen hands. <br /> <br /> In addition to special effects and murders, it's handsome. We have Lord of the Rings. (Peter Jackson, 2001-2003) Vicko Mortensen (And for those who are very likely, yes, they do not have nudity). The performances are not only believable, but with such skills. Characters Eastwood-esquire There are both bad for bones and favorite. (Very delicate ingredients) Add him to the actors. 'hey-wait-a-minutes-I-know-that-guy' actors and you have a star The character itself, however, lacks three dimensions and more often than not, it is very structured. We have specialists in black dermatology, difficult prison guards, women nails, human rights activists and many other characters. But in all honesty, this mistake helped make this film happen. Instead of developing a boring character in a balance that is too long, we are thrown into the action scene more or less and when it starts (very fast) there is no single scene in which the fillers ?? It is a ball with a wall plot. Unlike redeeming the exact SHAWSHANK (Frank Darabont, 1994)! Sharing a meeting with the type of slasher. This is a partial meeting and according to the ol 'slasher tradition. Good PRISON punishes bad people. <br /> <br /> All of this is a terrific horror story. A film and a film that has been overlooked and unhappy in the horror world With excellent actors and special special effects and original death scenes Don't be fooled into thinking that it will be a little movie either just because it was created in the United States in 1980. It's far from wonderful. (Although most will destroy this story) and at the same time, away from reality and realism (as it tries to deal with problems such as rape, prisons which do quite fine) <br /> <br /> I give 3.5 out of 5 horror movies luvs that are extremely entertaining with a very good touch.
