What we have here is a low-cost horror film that has a rather strange content, an actor full of familiar faces, and one of the most reliable filming locations in horror movie history. Please tell me why this movie was fully evaluated ??? "Prison" is the first release of Finnish director Finn. Harlin, who is still considered his best effort, even though he has made hit movies like "Die Hard 2", "Cliffhanger" and "Deep Blue Sea". The whole story takes place in an ancient prison and Wyoming prison that is reopened For the cause of overpopulation in state prisons more modern Inside the dungeon, the former unrest of the final victim of the electric chair still lives around the ward, now promoted to Eaton Sharpe (Len Smith), 40 years ago. When this innocent man was executed and the spirit still remembered his vile role in an unfair trial It seems that the time for revenge has arrived. Viggo Mortensen plays as a good car thief who must prevent the body from becoming larger, and Chelsea Field is a humane social worker who gradually unlocks secrets from the past. <br /> < br /> "Prison" has more than half a dozen memorable sequences of blood, but it is an unbearable atmosphere that will definitely stick to you! Unlike other horror images from the past decade, "Prison" has a sense of amazing realism! By this I refer to the true scenery and emotions within the prison walls, of course, and not to the supernatural murders that are forming ... even if these things are not truly stable. The best part of this film is the picture of a realistic and continuous drama scene. Cook, mixed with eye attacks and shocking horror. The best fear moment (Give me a nightmare from a young age) Focus on fighting for death related to haunting barbed wire !! The screenplay suffered only one flaw. But that's normal ... I think it's almost inevitable: Ancient thinking! The story introduces almost every possible character in the surrounding prison. We have ugly and fat habits with cute baby toys, guardians, cowards, and racist classes. Avoid confrontations on all matters and? Naturally ?? The smartest and youngest black prisoner who has served his entire life. (Have I heard anyone shouting Morgan Freeman?) Do not look at these things as my advice because there are other elements that are admirable. The photograph is dark and humid. The mystery has been taken for a long time. And the success and the prisoners who support the role of the Class B performer are excellent (fans will recognize Tom Everett, Tom Chew's list Forget the frightening efforts of the Western Craven story "Shocker" or the "flick" cheese that is completely pathetic. This is a worthwhile chiller in the prison! Especially when considering the most popular of Viggo Mortensen (I heard that he was performing in a successful franchise about elves, hobbits and other monsters ...) horror gems This true 80s
