I pulled the VHS box down from my many collections - many invisible - and picked up the movie from the art box. I thought it would be fun and yes. Poor. The prison has 80 wonderful magic looks all over the box. I sat down and watched and watched! And behold !, found that sometimes we watch movies with anticipation in advance Fortunately I quickly returned my back and I soon realized that I was sitting not only But will be an ok movie But it's a good movie overall The prison tells the story of a dilapidated old prison that has been reopened to save budget concerns. It looks disgusting as if empty and full of prisoners. The prison used to be the scene has an incredible atmosphere and is the most important character in the movie. The story that uses the prison as the center tells the story of a man killed by an electric chair. We saw that Len Smith was a guard - eliminated the cross before sending the man to his creator. Then we went to today, first with the government committee at the meeting, decided to open the prison and send a beautiful doctor to ensure that the conditions were acceptable because she actively campaigned against the opening of the old prison. time Then we will see a new supervisor, Smith Lane, following a nightmare on the bed - and getting a new job in opening a prison that he has never been to for many years. The rest is a suit: prisoners and prisoners arrive with many schemes. We received the depth of the characters and many prisoners as interesting characters. The performance is better than expected with Lane Smith to act as a worker. Viggo Mortenson is a very different prisoner. Solid. Tom Everett, Tiny Lister and Ivan Kane truly explore the boundaries of their finished characters. Chelsea Field is OK as a female lead. The best performance was by Lincoln Kilpatrick, the humble actor, such as Cresus - a prisoner who had been in that same prison many years ago when "the man" was executed. "With some scary secrets, the prison is not the best. But it is worth the look and of course, better than most people expect from it. I was surprised by how director Renny Harlin created the story for the visual atmosphere. Pace and Harlin knew how to create his scene with too many gore scenes - the scene with barbed wire was as much as the scene with all the pipes. But these scenes are really creative and interesting. The script is actually more tougher than what is usually obtained from movies like this, part of which may be credited to Irwin Yablans, the author of the story. Halloween is a scary holiday. Here he makes the reservation necessary to be more horrific than the hell to stay (get it).
