'The Adventures Of Barry McKenzie' started life as a satirical cartoon in 'Private Eye' written by Barry Humphries and based on the idea of ​​Peter Cook McKenzie ('Bazza' to his friends) is an Australian who wears a sound cap. As wearing a hat which has two main interests in life is sex (Despite never having) and Fosters in 1972, he found a way to the big screen during the first two outings. There must be a temptation for Humphries to show themselves as 'Bazza', but he cleverly exits to Barry Crocker (later to sing the theme song for the 'Neighbor' TV drama! Humphries has many roles in the real Peter Zeller fashion, especially the most obvious of Bazza Aunt 'Edna Everage' (this is before she becomes a Dame). <br /> <br /> You know this won't be 'The importance of As Ernest, when the NPA censorship category stands for 'No Poofters Allowed', Pom-hating Bazza was told by Sydney's lawyers that in order to inherit his father, he had to go to England to absorb British culture. When Auntana was dragged, he took the Quantas flight to Hong Kong, then continued on to London. A powerful customs officer makes Bazza pay import taxes for everything he buys there, including a suitcase filled with 'Fosters lager tubes' when he says: "When talking about your escape, the pom has Advantage is on gyppos! "A skilled taxi driver. (Bernard Spears) increases the fare by taking Bazza and Edna to Stonehenge first. Then Scotland The streets of London are dirty and their hotels run by the landlord (Spike Milligan), which makes Bazza put banknotes in the electric meter every twenty minutes. There are some good news for our heroes. He meets the Aussies in Earls Court. Others and the Fosters are sold in English pubs. <br /> <br /> What happens next is a series of comical escape that brings Bazza is shown in his cigarette ad. His pants in the belief that it is a form of bizarre aphrodisiac that meets with Dennis Pryce in the wrong-minded class who loves being beaten while wearing a conservative student uniform. Rickmansworth With a charity rock concert, cheating ((vomiting) almost made him a foreign star and eventually reached the BBC TV Center where he pulled his pants on a live talk show organized by thinker Joan Bakewell. his The fire broke out and Bazza's friends came to help - the cans of the Fosters. They urinate on the blazing flames. <br /> <br /> This is a far way from Bruce Beresford's later work - 'Breaker Morant' and 'Drive Miss Daisy' when released. Critics have been criticized for being too rude. Yes, it is, but still not good. PC fun. 'Bazza' is a disgusting creation. But the fun for his life is uncertain. You can't help. But like men Many of his beautiful words in urination ('Porcelain Percy Point') and vomiting ('Tech Color Yaw') has passed into English without many people knowing where to come. Other guest stars include Dick Bentley (as a detective who chases Bazza everywhere), Peter Cook, Julie Covington (later starred in 'Rock Follies') and even future art actor Russell Davies. <br /> <br /> The sequel - Barry Barry, whose name is miraculously named himself - came out two years later. In the premiere, Humphrey used the opportunity to blast critics who survived the first film for him. <br /> <br /> The more worrisome thing for him was the launch of 'Crocodile Dundee' in 1985. In addition, Aussie also wears a hat that is struggling to find a deal. With foreign culture And make more money. <br /> <br /> Music at the end of the credit (Performed by Snacka Fitzgibbon) is magnificent. You have love as a poem with a line: "If you want to send your sister in madness, introduce her to Barry McKenzie!" Take the time to end. This review I have to go to Dunni to shake hands with the unemployed ...
