A brief summary <br /> <br /> The film opens with the soldiers released from the group of men. One of them seeking another thing with a strange plan Later they were both locked in an office building where they wanted to separate the safe during the Christmas holidays. Hate is a playful joke and then is a struggle for survival. (During the teasing, he lost all the drinking fluids, so it was really serious.) With the body that was touched and well constructed, they struck the hole into the wall and eventually managed to escape. ? Just to find out that they were betrayed and set by women One was caught. The other remained independent and was not given to his companions. The final confrontation, the last light for cigarettes, adieu l'ami, goodbye, friend <br /> <br /> I find it difficult to see homosexuals in the closet in the two main characters. Alain Delon And Charles Bronson, apparently they were attracted to each other. The treatment of women is disgusting and disgusting. The whole story seems to have a slightly strong symbol such as Deliverance. There is also a very stylish style The safety that two men want to break in? For a time when the ultra-modern glass and aluminum tower It is the seat of a public relations company, so there are many fancy posters and wall panels. The wardrobe is also very good. Citroen DS has a great style. (Probably the most modern and elegant car of all time) is big in this movie ?? May be a delicate product placement. <br /> <br /> I can recommend this movie for the actors of a single actor. Delon and Bronson share a popular bill in a way that makes me fair and play. Extreme sports Both do a lot of acrobats. I've never seen Bronson better than here. He really shows - and speaks French all the time with a strong accent. And a man that we certainly heard (Therefore, it is recommended to use the French version) The police inspectors who follow both are played by my favorite character actor Franch Bernard Fresson, a partner of Gene Hackman in French Connection II. I know In addition, the very good thing is the former child actor Brigitte Fossey, while the young boy who became impure as he first saw. <br /> <br /> Everyone who is expecting an old man "of the movie Classic robbery may be disappointed with this film, for those with little patience, this will be a rewarding experience filled with new and original ideas and direction, though it's cruel and sadistic. the little
