The strategy is completely strange. (See the strange moments of a beautiful, deadly blonde, acting as a pulling doll for some rich people), pointless features. But no doubt late at night This production of France that is not needy is a stew of ideas that do not have focus and illustrations from random, centered on a very charming star. (If quite opposed to the heroes) Alain Delon and Charles Bronson. Actually, they didn't do everything much, especially in the middle of the long and limited period where they hid in the building during the Christmas season to separate the safe there 10,000 possible combinations. Oh, enjoy! But this is strange if the interesting relationship arises between Delon and Bronson's characters after a provocative testament. (And play the game as a cunning to each other). Both come in with an understanding that sees them honoring each other's participation and respect for each other. This will be the next part of the second half of the story with a curve that cannot be detected. Still have to meet each other early But there are still many suggestions But what we receive is vague and this is an extension by 'What happened there? The ending that may make you jump YEEEEAAAAAHHHHHHHHH! Glad to leave the system. <br /> <br /> The pace is very slow. But the temple was calm and it was done deliberately to be exhausted with frustration and stress. Looked at the same process over and over again and you know that something is wrong and the plan finally comes into play. Now everything that happens feels too natural. Complex and complex scripts are probably too good crafts for themselves. But there is something new (Glass and liquid coins - try not to spill) and the direction of Jean Herman's symbol is complex and low efficiency. But received the invention and atmosphere that was cold. FX sounded as a potential record rather than Francois DeRoubaix's cowardly score, which was mostly wrapped up after a hot launch. The top drawer, Delon (who is relatively stable) and Bronson (a cheerful troll) is strong and works out tremendously. Bernard Frans focused on his attitude as an examiner who knew what was happening more than what was being used. Attractive actress features can be supported by Brigitte Fossey and Olga Georges-Picot. <br /> <br /> A crime-free drama. But refined the stories that were taken care of by two actors and strange combinations
