This is Jean Renoir Silent's first film that I watched and probably right because it is generally considered to be his best, besides being his first masterpiece. Overall, it is a film that builds confidence and technical success, which denies the fact that it is only Renoir's second year effort for the director's fans. It is filled with interesting suggestions in the movie Renoir. In the future, especially THE DIARY OF A CHAMBERMAID (1946) and THE GOLDEN COACH (1952) - depicting the terrifying low-class girls for her - but also the rules of the game (1939) - showing that It was in the order that servants were fiercely behaving when their boss turned their backs - and the French canned (1955) - Nana. Personally, I would say that this movie was created to be a respectable companion to GW Pabora's Pabst Box (1928), Sternberg The BLUE ANGEL (1930) and Max Ophuls' LOLA MONTES (1955). The bright unimaginable of the bad life of prostitutes. <br /> <br /> This film is of great importance and commercial failure at the time of liberation - "crazy affairs" when Renoir himself summoned. In his own memory Not only startup But made him a personal fortune Close some of his late father's drawings) but almost make him quit the cinema! NANA is quite different from Renoir's voice and owes only to the wife of Erich von Stroheim (1922). Renoir's movies are greatly appreciated - and in my personal notes I should review the prestige. (With the owner of its Kino DVD and other von Stroheims for 4 years) However, NANA is not error-free: the rhythm that is intended to make yourself feel at the time of using 130 minutes with a certain sequence (Horse race, especially midpoint) is too long. <br /> <br /> The style of acting that is too polite is sometimes difficult to perform - especially of Cana Hessling's Nana and Raymond Guerin-Catelain's Georges Hugon. (One of her various partners) ... even though they are bad characters, actresses (who lead the way of life of prostitutes when she is booed up on stage) and the weak, respectively However, like Anna Magnani in THE GOLDEN COACH, Hessing (Renoir's wife at that time) was not attractive enough to believe that "The excellence of elegance" (as an admirer of others Able to enslave everyone she met Other notable things in the casting are "Dr. Caligari" himself, Werner Krauss. (Being the most persistent believer of Nana, counting the misfits), China Angelo (the first person who doubts But in the end, the sad fans of Nana) and future successful film director Claude Autant-Lara, who is here) is a close friend of Muffin. But anyone who secretly seduces a neglected wife! <br /> <br /> The prints I watched - through Lionsgate's "Jean Renoir 3-Disc Collector's Edition" - in most cases, beautifully restored and stained images that were once available on DVD. France only Based on classic French literature (by Emile Zola, no less) it can't help But was brought to the screen many times and the two most notable films were Dorothy Arzner in 1934 (with Anna Sten and Lionel Atwill and I owned VHS) and Christian-Jaque in 1955 (with Martine Carol and Charles Boyer, which I'm not familiar with)
