I love this movie I disagree with some of the criticisms (negatives) I have read over the years. This is a great vehicle for Eddie Murphy! He seemed to have a good time with his part as Chandler Gelell and he shouldn't care about what the critics said if he had fun doing it? And most of his audience enjoy it! And it is fun to watch while it combines the great imaginative tension with Murphy's great funny style You have to remember that 'golden boy' is a movie 'fantasy' ?? It is only a work of fantasy that is amazing and surprising among the world of 'truth'. During the time this movie was released, I worked in a video rental shop. This is one of the most popular with our customers. Every time we put this thing on our screen, all the copies that we go out quickly with requests waiting for items stored in the queue for months! Everyone who rented it loved it! I am a resident movie critic and all my regular customers will ask my opinion before they rent? This is one of my favorites and I know the taste of my customers so I recommend this to most of them. I feel that this movie is a real sleeper? Could it be done badly at the box office ?? Because marketing is not very good ?? But it is high in the video rental market and buying later! (Yes, I bought this movie for my own video library!) I like the little boy playing 'Golden Child' ?? JL Reate - but after watching his profile on IMDb, I noticed that he never made a movie. Any That is sad because he has an aura on the screen. I also like Victor Wong, who plays the old man. (I love him in his role as 'Egg Shen' in 'Big Trouble in Little China' - 1986). Whatever the way, this is a great movie. The only drawback that appears to be inconsistent with the theme is that some have more 'adults' in nature? For example, 'Chandler said quite a bit about sex about a snake woman that was offered to him as a shadow. It's funny, but still doesn't sync. OK, so there are some scenes that do not have useful guidance? Those who enter into the mind of the day may This film is still an adventure film and adventure that we want today to escape from the difficult reality and weakness we get from Hollywood. Now that is entertainment!
