I always feel strange and have a wrong speech. (Because I am not a well-educated person) but actually I'm like Olsen's twins and I respect the movies they do. target group. "When in Rome" is a Mary-Kate and Ashley movie that is complete with international travel, motorcycle accents, adult motorcycles, romance in the "B" style, fashion orientation and even the rule of credit. I enjoy myself "When in Rome" and Olsen's other pair of movies never pretend nothing. In most cases, they will only premiere on the video, and they never claim to be "Citizen Kane" anyway. My point is that people who watch this movie and expect that it will be anything other than Olsen's twins, others will be disappointed. <br /> <br /> That said the person who is a fan of the Twins. Jensen will really enjoy himself. For those of us who have watched them since the first episode of "Full House", it's great to see them grow more mature. This film provides important historical and geographic information as well as their other movies (remember 10 Downing Street from "Winning London" and a visit to the Louvre from "Passport to Paris"?). Clean fun that can Enjoy with everyone in the family. <br /> <br /> As long as I still feel like I'm in my soap box and as long as I can make it relevant to the movie, I take a moment to challenge them. Rejected twins Olsen: In order to be a fan of the Olsen twins, you don't have to be a "girl valley" before teens from California. In fact, that's not really a target group. If that is the case, MK&A fashion accessories and accessories will run through the Gap or some stores like that, not Wal-Mart "when in Rome" while offering "High fashion" and the trotting of the world and the two women from the valley in Cali are not really about that ... It is about the inspiration of the girl who has the initiative. Means setting up movies in a charming foreign city with a cute guy on a motorcycle, so be it That's called marketing - you get ideas and sell it by attracting attention. At least they send good messages, even if the average is shallow. <br /> <br /> In general, don't tap the film until you see it. Don't tap until you try to understand what Olsen's twins do: They encourage young girls to be creative. The girl is easy to use and self-driven. I think this movie is like everyone else. Kids - enjoy. Parents - do the same. If you like Olsen twins, you won't be disappointed.
