The fight against the death penalty is only a cause. Everyone who is conscious in Europe will think like that. In the United States, everything is different. It seems that this film will show in the early stages that the justice system can overcome the death penalty, the class that wants America's justice. The young man was freed from the death row by a law professor who returned to provide specialized counseling in this case. But this movie has a sequel Justice in the United States is controlled by the purpose of vengeance. The failure of justice is just the same control by vengeance. A person in the local prosecutor's office has a young man prosecuted for false charges. This attorney general agreed to pay for it after a while and the young man went free. But he lost college scholarships and he was caught by some vengeful people who had never had smoke He hid the shame and swore revenge. But he certainly wants to satisfy his sexual desire that is more psychological than the hormone But stronger because of the mind and no more hormones, and he can do that with only a small woman. Obviously he teamed up with another serial killer who hunted the same victim. One day, the local police, according to their instincts, were guided by some ambiguous elements in the assassination of the young girls and they arrested the young people we were talking about. They beat him and interrogated him for 22 hours, with nothing but beatings and beating the phone book, guns and Russian roulette. He confessed to the death row. He asked his grandmother to go to a law professor in the state of Massachusetts. MA, who is the husband of the local attorney general's agent, who had been prosecuted for false years and vengeance on the train, would fail. It shows that as soon as someone is on the line of justice, police work and other security forces step out of the line of legitimacy. Of course, some unfair actions can be destroyed even if Even the best allegation Thirsty to imagine the deepest to avenge. Thinking that someone about the environment is as bad as allowing the environment to destroy police work or justice. The best intentions of the police are destroyed by involvement and vengeful intentions, as well as the lives of individuals who can be threatened by exaggerated circumstances according to the size of the evidence, which in turn will harm both cases. By Just a situation, so easily discarded with a good lawyer. This film is a profound reflection of the need to respect all standards and regulations along the police and justice system if we do not want to make mistakes, which of course it does not decide the death penalty. The deepest belief that Americans should have: "We hold these truths clear to ourselves that every human being is created equally, that they are accepted by their creators with the right to Unable to distinguish the happiness "(Independence declaration). Life is a privilege that cannot be separated, which his creators give, which means that there is no one other than those who give. It can take it Only God can lead a person's life. The death penalty is the allocation of power that we do not have. Even if we do not make God appear, we cannot prove the death penalty unless it is revenge and here the film shows the vengeance as the worst motivation in showing justice and in Peace building If there is a revenge, there is no other reason for this death penalty. And may have errors in seeking, not happiness <br /> <br /> Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University of Paris 8 Saint Denis, University of Paris 12 Créteil, CEGID
