Interesting A Thriller !!, December 10, 2005 Author: littlehammer16787 From the United States <br /> <br /> Just cause <br /> <br /> Starring: Sean Connery, Laurence Fishburne and Blair Underwood <br /> <Liberal Although Harvard Paul's talented law professor Armstrong was convinced that Florian Everglades was unfairly convicted by Black Bob Earl, an unfairly convicted black man confirming that the sadistic police The gruesome murder of an eleven year old girl As he digs deeper into the mysterious case, he realizes that Bobby Earl is the victim of discrimination - the black police detective Altany Brown in this small community has been damaged. And bad When the infamous psychopathic Blair Sullivan was introduced, he discovered that he knew the location of the murder weapon that killed a small girl when Armstrong found a clear coincidence of traveling on Sullivan's road in a small town. Bobby Earl has been tried again, he was fired from prison and dodged a horrible punishment. All seemed to be swimming well until unexpected calls from the serial killer Sullivan came into focus. Armstrong discovered two horrifying killings, which were Sullivan's parents, which he hated very much. Sullivan revealed the truth of Joanie Shriver brought here. It turned out that Bobby Earl was a psychopathic murderer, and he raped and killed Joanie Shriver. He really just lost his way to Sullivan's psychosis. Users brutality To relieve him so that he could kill again for revenge when the beautiful wife and daughter of Armstrong, now Sullivan, was executed Armstrong and the strongest man, Brown, chased a malevolent villain to the Everglades in order to interrupt him when they arrived. Armstrong learned that Bobby Earl's bugs planned to kill his wife and daughter for The trial of rape in the past is inevitable. The castration, but the good-looking police, the nobleman Browne, appears and interrupts the cruel criminal who is stabbed and eaten by the ruthless eaters at Chok. Vera sternly Paul Armstrong is Tom Brown's wife and daughter survived happily. A good, active thriller has given both the mystery and the tricky, black approach that blacks are unwilling to be hazed by lawyers, racist classics, unfair punishments, although sometimes the pure and friendly black judges may Is vicious Sean Connery is good at being more forgotten than his hero, Lawrence Fishburn, to be watched as an arrogant but good person. Underwood and Harry Being superior and energizing as a terrible psychosis, Capshaw is okay. Rudy is a good, granny grandmother. The rest of the actors are excellent as well.
