This is the von Trier movie, the fifth story I saw. I believe he is the only director that I get such a high score in all of his films. Four of them, elements of Europa crime, breaking waves and dancers in the darkness. I get 10 and one. The Idiots I get 9 (and I have been considering whether to give 10 or not, since I first saw, even though I Want to see again before I do) he was chided to call himself one of the best working groups I always agree with him. I can't blame him for being an arrogant person when he made such a great movie. In 50 years, when Fonreier retired, he would be seen as a famous film artist from Europe. (Probably from the planet) and will have classes taught on his behalf. He is just Bergman or Fellini of our time. It's too bad for critics to be intrigued by themselves too much to observe this thing. <br /> <br /> About Europa, I will admit that it's confusing and the narrative seems to be mild. I think that's the point. Obviously, this film is meant to be a nightmare or subconscious at some level. This is a clear story from the frame of the movie: the description of Max von Sydow. We are hypnotized or von Trier is hypnotized and this is our / subconscious. I tend to lean towards his mind more because of the decline of Europe, involving me, very few Americans. This frame is clear if you see The Element of Crime, which is an even better movie than this. (Although I argue that in my mind, what Europa needs more than anything is to sell the appropriate DVD. Hopefully The new image and sound ratio and master image. From then on, I'm pretty sure that this movie will look as good as other von Trier movies.) In the movie crime element, starting with the hypnotism we see on the screen at this time. Actually, hypnotizing Fisher, a European detective who wants to get the root of his mental anguish The first word of this film is "Fantasy doesn't matter. But my job is to keep you abreast. "And every time the hypnotist, Fisher, the hypnotist, the hypnotist will chastise him and tell him to go back. He also laughed when the characters were really stupid and boring. There is something to say that "Do you understand the difference between good and evil?" The hypnotist laughed and said that "Now, Fisher, aren't you really saying that?" <br /> <br /> So the key to the interpretation of Europa is almost a sequel to the element of crime. That we are deep in our subconscious / von Trier and the symbols that must be interpreted within us and may be different for everyone What is the symbol of the train itself? Consider the inside and then talk about it from the outside only. Europa is a great movie masterpiece. I never got bored even though I watched the third hit. The perfect time to actually watch because it works in the dream logic.
