Story: The narrative with the voice of Max von Sydow, the protagonist hypnotizing (and the audience) back in 1945, in which our protagonist, American young ideologist Leopold Kessler (Jean-Marc Barr) had just arrived after World War II in 1945 Germany to help restore the damaged country. Ernst-Hugo Järegård gave Leopold to Zentropa's large railway company, but soon Leopold fell in love with Katharina Hartmann (Barbara Sukowa). ; The daughter of the owner of Zentropa Max Hartmann (Jørgen Reenberg). Soon Leopold found himself trapped in the web of corruption being exploited by the loss of his ideals and being forced to choose between pests or colera. <br /> <br /> This mysterious and ugly mystery is a great and sudden explanation of the masterpiece of Lars von Trier's 1991 EUROPA; The last chapter of the Europa League trilogy In the United States, the new name is ZENTROPA, so the audience is not confused with Agnieszka Holland's EUROPA EUROPA from 1990 (equivalent to the World War II drama). FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT from 1984 and EPIDEMIC from 1987 (the infamous experiment that sold only 900 copies in Danish theaters). The ending is about hypnosis and loss of fantasy, although the theme of this trilogy will be Not as important as the picture. In the opening scene of Europa, we saw the locomotive moving to us while our narrator couldn't identify himself. Hypnotized us: "When you count dozens of souls, you will be in Europa. Say: Ten "The likeness of the film's ability to lead us into the subconscious mind - Reality. <br /> <br /> Europa uses a strange acting style. But very effective - the famous Russian director Andrei Tarkovsky is the main influence of the tester. It is a black-and-white movie with occasional red blood, red dresses, etc. According to this rumor, Steven Spielberg was inspired to use a similar effect on the SHINDLER'S LIST program. From 1993, Trier also used a Dutch angel called and adjusted the background image by adding a separate layer of interoperability. But unlike old Hollywood movies that are combined for economic reasons, Trier uses it for artistic reasons. These strange looking techniques emphasize that we are in a dream - in truth, we are hypnotized. The universe of Europa is not true! EUROPA is often criticized for being technically advanced weighing. (Such as multi-layered projection) above the plot and characters But hey, that's what criticism criticized Stanley Kubrick in 1968. Visual masterpiece 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY Movie theater books <br /> <br /> Europa was accused of historical inaccuracies. Obviously, Trier was assigned to a group of Nazis' werewolves. There is too much historical significance. According to various online sources (It is interesting to try Googl'ing yourself!) But the purpose of the test is not to study or to draw precise historical images. EUROPA is an endless nightmare. Leopold Kessler is so hypnotized that the universe that the audience finds is a distorted reality. It shows that our memory is deceiving us equally - 100% accurate rebuilding is a lie! Although the younger audience with Europa experience is too young to have memories from World War II. But we have shared memories from many BBC documentaries, so these small inaccuracies have a real purpose: they let us know But in Leopold's memories, <br /> <br /> The three chapters of Europa show the young ideals of noble intent, forcing corruption and losing innocence. ideal The unclear ending of FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT and EUROPA show that ideals have been forever popular in their hypnotic reality. Before, during and after the Europa shooting in 1990 in Poland, Lars von Trier and co-writer Niels Vørsel were very interested in World War II. It shows. It is packed with very beautiful shock shots that capture the atmosphere of the spot on time. A good example is the old Polish church. (Euro was mainly shot in Poland for economic reasons) in the final action of Europa as well as 2001: SPACE ODYSSEY. I think EUROPA will get the right place in film history. How to twist, clichés, old love movies and visual techniques are unique, strange and completely different from what you see from Hollywood today or other dream factories for that <br /> <br /> EUROPA is a movie Important in the Lars von Trier catalog. Some people write it out for commercial speculation. But that was a disaster It was there with other classical and semi-classic classes like FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT from 1984, RIGET TV series from 1993 and DOGVILLE from 2003. It was a unique experience from before Trier. Take care of his actors and before Dogme95 Manifesto watch it! "In the amount of ten ..." 9/10
