I hardly realized the time in history that appeared in the Brazilian comedy comics of 1971. However, that was not to say that it was not accessible to me because the movie made it very clear. It is located in Brazil in the 16th century, where French and Portuguese settlers rival the Indian people as conspirators in the fight to confirm power. What is particularly interesting about the film is that the Portuguese were built from a French perspective. The hero is a respected Frenchman. The Portuguese are barbaric and the remaining French people are pressured and greedy. The Portuguese creator of the film is intended because when everyone talks and is done, we see that there is no difference. It's about genetic inheritance dominated by the environment at the time determined by the tribe. The enemy was created and made immortal, and as such the environmental integration did not progress. <br /> <br /> The French were taken by the Tupinambas after the massacre of a group of Portuguese. The tribe's shaman predicts that they will meet a strong, flesh-eating Portuguese man for revenge for the chief brother killed by the ball. Portugeuse Musket thinks the French people are Portuguese. They believe that they are now have However, the French will receive an unlimited route of the village. Sooner or later, will receive a wife and assume that their faces are more familiar than western clothes or any clothes. Another Frenchman comes to the village and tells the tribe that Their prisoners were of course Portuguese, then confirmed the French who were angry that he would tell them the truth when the Frenchman <br /> <br /> I found that the opening scene is a joke because its subtitles are combined with the conflicting screen, acting as a great word, though. This movie doesn't seem to want to keep that tone often. In fact, it is not a horrific thrilling movie. Many important places, fierce lifestyles and indigenous women who ripen not only But only French But we still forget any threats and we feel that he is an independent person Should not escape so hard Human flesh-eating is a lack of desire, as the full nude image of the actors is introduced as the core representative of the dry political cartoons of Pereira dos Santos in the new world myths and social links that have not been developed. Regardless, however, this social commentary in the 1500s was filmed in locations with 365 islands. The island was almost completely nude and almost all written in Tupi encourages the identification of effective methods that are specific topics because they are repeated Many centuries
