After the love triangle story in Har Dil Jo Pyaar Karega, these 3 stars were chosen again in this controversial flick. This film will be considered as a hit if there is no dispute with the production cost from the Republic of India Shah. Here, the director duo Abbas-Mustan has a very different and different function compared to previous and post-directed work. They are regarded as the creators of Bollywood thriller, but in this CCCC, they prove that they can do equally romantic family plays. Almost no action scenes, when Prima was raped by Salman's colleagues in her apartment. Salman slapped him. <br /> <br /> The film has all the standards and ingredients, such as music, stories, casting, acting. And others needed to create popular movies But of course, for Salman's fans, this is something that surprised him. Why? Because for a long time he had acted as he had a scene that would show his open body and dance la-la-la all around his role as a wealthy young businessman with a ridiculous nature and normal attitude It was very impressive after Madhubala, the prostitution role performed by Preity is amazing. Later, when she came back to think of her life, she deserves proper attention. Her facial expressions and body language are more appealing and focus on her primarily. Her previous role as a pregnant woman in Kya Kehna did not make her heart beat like this. Of course, this can be called a revamp. Priya, the innocent and impotent wife of the king who depends on him only gets better results. She has no influence on this issue because the main ingredient is in the hands of a good <br /> <br /> Finally, the main point of the story, which is rare and unique in itself In the real world, in this era, it is impossible to not completely occur in the process of searching for a surrogate mother. Maybe many people are going on in the big world where these things are kept secret. And in this way, the CCCC playwright reveals the hidden truth that occurs in the daily lives of others. But still have doubts
