CCCC was the first good movie in Bollywood in 2001 when I saw the first movie trailer. I thought it would be a good family movie. I was right. Salman Khan gave the strongest performance ever. My family is not very enthusiastic about him. But after watching this movie, my family was very impressed with him. Rani and the greatness were wonderful. This movie will be very popular as it has three main stars. <br /> <br /> It's about the king (Salman Khan) and the Preeya meeting and falls in love. They married and went to Switzerland for a honeymoon. When they returned to rule and Priya found that Priya, the family of the Raja family, was filled with happiness when they met, especially Raja Dada (Amri Puri). The king and his family were playing cricket in One day, Priya has an accident which causes Priya to miscarry. Raj has a close friend of the family who is a doctor named Balraj Chopra (Prem Chopra). He tells Raja and Priya that she will no longer have children. Raja and Preeya kept this silence from the Raja and Priya families. Decided to go to get pregnant. Their surrogacy is that they will meet a woman and the king and the woman will have children together and send their children to Raja and Priya. The king finds a woman. Her name is Madhubala (Preity Zinta). She is a dancer and a prostitute. Raja told her the situation and bribed her with money and she agreed with Raj to change Madhubala completley. Raja told Priya that he had found a woman Madhubala and Priya met and became friends. They went to Switzerland to do this, so no one knew. Priya spent the night in the church and the king and Madhubala were all alone and they spent the night together. Doctors insist that Madhubala belly and they are happy. Raja tells his family that Priya is pregnant. They are happy again. Madhubala comes to love the king and she needs him. What will happen next? See CCCC for answers. <br /> <br /> One thing I don't like about this movie is their thoughts about surrogacy. They should do it correctly in the movie. But it didn't destroy this movie It's still wonderful. <br /> <br /> Great movie music. My favorites are "Chori Chori Chupke Chupke", Dekhne Walon Ne "," Deewana Hai Yeh Mann "and" Mehndi ". The song" Mehndi "is very colorful in that song. It shows that Ghh bharai happened. Get 10/10!
