Rich and influential filmmaker Martin Scorsese examines the selection of his favorite American movies, grouped by three different director types, Griffith or FW Murnau, the creator of the technique. New modifications amid other changes that make sound and color appear later Director as a smuggler: filmmakers such as Douglas Sieger, Samuel Fuller and most of the director Vincente Minnelli, who used to conceal the rebellious messages in their movies And director as an image: those filmmakers attacked civil observers and social hangouts such as Orson Welles, Erich von Stroheim, Charles Chaplin, Nicholas Ray, Stanley Kubrick and Arthur Penn <br /> <br / > He showed us that The old studio system in Hollywood is oppressed. But the way that film directors find themselves developing media because they are limited by political and financial restrictions Between his clips from the movies he showed us, we not only But discovered a movie that we had never seen before that made us interested But we were made to see what he saw He evaluated the sensibility of rhetoric, along with the director of the sequence itself. <br /> <br /> The idea of ​​the movie Canon was reputed to be a snobbery, so movie fans and some critics like to Create a "list". However, the canon simply means "The Best" and the sponsors of the film Canon confirm that it is a valuable activity to identify and experience the best film collection, such as the great hit tape, if it is only the starting direction for Student movie All of the experience shows that everyone writes about movies, including reviews, functions for creating movies. Some film precepts may be of course elite, but others may be "populist". For example, the top 250 movies of the internet movie database have many movies included in the movie "elitist" but there are also Hollywood movies. Lee's notorious story, many of the movies "elitists" look mocked like the Dark Knight, which currently ranks among the top ten. Among the first two films of Godfather, Schindler's List and One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and similar production fluctuations are declining, such as Iron Man, Sin City, Die Hard, The Terminator and Kill Bill: Vol. Scorsese taxi writer Paul Schrader cited his Canon honestly as "the elite" and believes that this is a positive thing. <br /> <br /> Scorsese never was. The core of his social and political concepts See this rich and overwhelming history lesson about the birth and growth of American movies in the realm of both ideologies. We see that there is no particular virtue in either the elite or populist ideology. Abhisit focuses his attention on the perception and power of what is considered outstanding. Discrimination can easily lead to self-indulgence in the presentation of Jean-Luc Godard or the exaggeration of Michael Hanke's film production. But populism creates confidence in the freedom of the agent that is only to confirm the will of the people As previously confirmed about all the misunderstandings that people have about populist cinemas, it may be the end of the potential power and impact of the cinema. We can continue to watch movies because it is important to practice social and metaphysics. And that is what Martin Scorsese spent almost four hours here trying to tell us something that could not be said if he didn't see the first hand
