When the British Film Institute asked Martin Scorcese to create the American part of his film series century, he seized the opportunity with both hands. Personal travel through American movies is a fascinating and varied story, as the name says. Hollywood movies look very personal. <br /> <br /> Scorcese story about director of Hollywood. Mainly Hollywood? Actors, producers, screenwriters and other collaborators are hardly mentioned. He said at first that, for him, the main conflict in the film industry was between the director's vision and the incentives for the profits of distributors between art and commercial potential. He launched with clips from Vincente Minnelli's The Bad and the Beautiful, which is one of the oldest movies to openly explore this conflict. This defines the structure of the Scorcese documentary. See how the genre gets darker and clichés have been challenged. The way the mavericks have challenged the production code and some filmmakers fall out of grace when they dare to be different. Used to be in the auto list trap for releasing the director who is satisfied with the studio leader (He used to praise Cecil B. DeMille) or those with a lesser known style <br /> Scorsese doesn't have to focus on his favorite director. (Orson Welles and Alfred Hitchcock, who are two of Scorsese's most influential people He returned to look at each person and the movie that was provided to tell his story. For example, he showed us the John Ford movie to show how Westerners evolved. He looked at Vincente Minnelli's work (probably the most frequently produced documentary filmmaker) to show how useful genres, like music, might be darkened. I can imagine that if this event is not limited to America, Scorcese would like to talk about such influences as Italy or Michael Powell, his English hero. As it is, he expanded the definition of American movies to include Hollywood films of immigrant directors such as FW Murnau, Billy Wilder and Douglas Sirk, as well as the work of filmmakers born in the United States. Just like Stanley Kubrick. <br /> <br /> Instead of telling the story of Hollywood in time, Scorcese compares movies from different eras to deal with matters. In his part about the language and tools in the cinema, he started with DW Griffith, looking at the advent of color and widescreen sound and ended inevitably to create a computer effect. Although the Scorcese would not Enthusiastic with them Send enough to include clips of George Lucas and Francis Ford Coppola to protect them. However, he not only But finish the chapter here as if this was the end of this chapter Then he returned to the 1940s to show that low-budget horror movies such as The Cat People could achieve effective results from the simplest and cheapest elements. <br /> <br /> Traveling Personally through American movies must Is one of the best documentary films made There are a number of prominent directors and images that I have never discovered before, and even those who love the movie the most tend to find new things in a wide range. Scorsese has restored the balance to the image. Forgotten or incomplete I was pleased to see that when he spoke of Kubrick in his "Iconoclasts" role, he looked at Lolita and Barry Lindon. Come out fully than just give us a little bit, then he interrupts them by talking (Combined between archiving and new interviews) When necessary, only have prejudice against the 40s and 50s, but it is not surprising as it is the era in which Scorcese grew and discovered movies. And finally, I don't think this documentary will be successful if it's not a personal journey. <br /> <br /> One word of warning. But in depth, when looking at some images, this documentary contains Fair little spoiler
