An interesting aspect of "The Apprentice" is that it shows that traditional job interviews and CVs do not need to predict teamwork skills, dedication and performance. And of course they did not reveal the hidden agenda In other words, a good potential indicator may see a job applicant in action, which is the issue of "trainee". The candidate for the company may submit a sugar-coated resume and wear the best personality suit for interview But these things do not have to be the best indicator for strengths, weaknesses and performance. <br /> <br /> Short, "The Apprentice" involves 16 job applicants competing for job opportunities at Best: The position of Donald Trump's real estate investment company "The Apprentice" means the winner who will receive a salary position. Learn the art of high value management from the boss himself. Each assumed to be connected to the organization. This position is a dream come true for those who want to make more money than the GNP of some countries to attract Trump candidates, showing his private jet. His private luxury apartment consists of images. Sculpting and limo his art, relationships with celebrities and other aspects of the life of a billionaire billionaire The path to success is not easy. The group is divided into two teams that compete among themselves. Each room has the name of the organization's voice, such as Versacorps and Protégé Corporation. The team that has been assigned tasks related to the entrepreneur's business, such as creating advertisements, selling products or negotiating. The team selects a project manager that gives leadership and organizational skills to accomplish the task. If they win, the manager will receive a large amount of credit, especially in the eyes of the final referee. If they lose, the manager may become a scapegoat. Some hard work is just a day or two. Jobs may involve creating TV ads or print ads. Others may be involved in selling at retail stores or on the road. <br /> <br /> The best and worst work out in participants. They always show who is the most reliable person, who is the most trusted and hardworking person. And the work shows that who is not a good team player, who is inefficient and seems to come out for himself only The work is regularly revealed in unexpected ways, strengths and weaknesses of participants and especially project managers. How well the manager communicates with the team, assigns tasks, organizes time, and sets specific goals. Most will determine the results. But no need to predict the winner. <br /> <br /> Some of the most outstanding aspects of someone. The possibility is that when he or she is assigned as a project manager Their true abilities, as opposed to being able to spread their self instantly, show through the veneer that cannot be hidden by a $ 100 silk tie or a beautiful makeover. Quality, leadership and / or weaknesses are usually clear after just a few minutes. Those who promote themselves as senior leaders are not always strong when in real life leadership situations. It's easier to "Toot your own horn" is easier than being involved in leadership. Project managers, even those on the winning team, often do not have a firm strategy. Often they believe that diving into the depths to complete the mission within the first minute instead of spending a little time organizing and discussing how the task will be completed more efficiently. More often than team members with bad tactics are running around like a headless chicken, seeing it as they walk, and in the long run they waste more time. <br /> <br /> The winning team receives a high taste of life, such as having dinner at a special restaurant, sitting in a private jet and / or meeting celebrities. The defeated team arrives at the frightened meeting room where Trump hears the bad excuses of the members and knock one or more contestants into pieces like a chessboard that you are now fired. Often the project manager is partially responsible for the loss of the team and may be the goal of Trump's alleged speech. Every week at least one person will become injured from the losing team. <br /> <br /> My favorite thing about "The Apprentice" is the boardroom. While the work itself brings the strengths and weaknesses of the candidates, the boardroom often presents the worst. Unfortunately, the rules of the game confirm that there is one winning team and one losing team, although the match is close. The members of the losing team start cruelly accusing anyone who is wrong. And sometimes more than one person is fired I rarely see a lower-performing candidate responsible for their actions in the board room. Kristi Frank and Kwame Jackson may be the only candidate who is fully responsible for the loss of the team and is not recognized by This unselfish act for me, Kristi Frank and Kwame Jackson are the most honest of all applicants. However, Trump saw that Christie was weak and fired her, claiming that she didn't stand for herself, which might mean that he was more important than honest. No one should sacrifice honesty. In this regard, Kristi Frank may not be a trainee. But she can live with herself without her being unfairly blamed on others It's not worth as much as "winning". <br /> <br /> The strength of "The Apprentice" is also a weakness. Since the team's performance evaluation is rigorously evaluated by winners and losers, other assessment opportunities will be overlooked, except for a large gap between the winning and losing teams. Sometimes the losing team will be an example of Teamwork standards and high efficiency I've seen the losing team sometimes look better than the winning team. Our Americans are always obsessed with winning and losing, which we tend to overlook.
