In the pool, this pool has lotus flowers and has frogs. Frog sitting on a lotus flower Frogs and lotus flowers have a parasitic relationship. Marie (Pauline Actart) is a water lily, a group of swimmers who coordinate with Floren (Adel Hanel), her captain's frog. Floraine's teammates avoided their leaders because of the rounded blonde color and the proportion that indicates the loose personality that betrayed the swimmers' ideas and discipline, but Floraine had a secret. ; The bullet has a bullet which "Naissance des pieuvres" revealed to the audience by the eyes before she trusts in Marie. <br /> <br /> Floraine never disappeared as they spoke all the way to the boy. <Br /> <br /> At the party, we saw a bomb exploding twice, checking her makeup in the bathroom mirror. "Lolita" was fata morgana. Marie knew Floraine twice as much while imitating her. Destroy the lotus heart While the frog has to go through the movement of catching flies for the sake of appearance, she gets to the water lily when nobody looks. In the most shocking scene of this film, the lotus permits the frog to shake hands to lose her virginity through mechanical stimulation of oral stimulation. Floraine wants the child to like her. But she doesn't like boys like But it's more important than the frogs that she is famous for When the water lily kisses the frog, the frog is still a frog. Frogs cannot transform into water lilies or princesses because the lotus loses respect for frogs. After their lips were unlocked, Floraine told Marie "that simple look", which was the way in which their frogs were equal to the orgasm that her friends gave her, nothing more than a ritual - unconditionally. Any beauty of Floraine is a burden. She takes the weight according to the expectations of boys. Florence used Marie to hurl one time before Fatamogana to suppress the imitation in the closet. <br /> <br /> Another lotus, another frog, Marie Ann's best friend. (Louis Blachére) and Francois baby toys (Warren Jacobs) as well as lotus flowers and frogs are associated with parasites as well, while Floraine uses Marie for love. Francois uses Anne as sex. But that is life That is the betrayal of growing up, which even friends will become good friends if the opportunity to promote the food chain presents itself. At McDonald's, the lotus will hit another lily after showering extensively in the frog's afterglow. Physical beauty is currency. Marie will call the shot because Ann is far from being ugly. But overweight and the hairstyle that is not cluttered Ann tries to fight back by using her chest as an extensive counterattack. (A magnifying glass from her happiness. Meals. Accidental comments on Marie's flat chest.) But tadpoles (Marie thinks she is better than Ann better than water lilies). Point out that <br /> <br /> The teenage girl can be cruel to each other. <br /> <br /> Later in the last match, "Naissance des pieuvres" shows that Marie has doubled and this symbiosis among the lotus flowers. The potential for parasitic change in the near future if there is no Teenage girls can be cruel to each other in a way that children cannot match.
