Water Lilies is the first film made in France about sex and the friendship of a young woman. Sciamma works with a slightly sterile special material that is not of interest to some people. This film focuses on three middle-aged teenagers in a new Parisian suburb. Their lives revolve around a large indoor pool, two thirds, as part of a coordinated water ballet team. <br /> <br /> Distraction like parents, siblings who work. And the school was cut from the elaborate equation The feeling of the center of Marie is boring but skinny (Pauline Acquart), which is not on the team. But thought that she wanted to be the Floriane Worship Marie (Adèle Haenel), the attractive blonde girl and the outstanding team This makes Marie away from her best friend in the past and is also a member of the plump Anne's ballet team (Louise Blachère). Being a less special Anne is easier to access. For the boy, Floriane, like this movie, promises a little more, then she truly offers. Marie has more important qualities for girls. Teenagers: She suffers in the heart of Flroiane. No more suffering when jumping into a situation and then waving his hand. <br /> <br /> Marie is fascinated by Bal's charm. Wat Nam and Floriane Floriane took advantage of this to allow Marie to be her first slave and cover her assignments and then lacking her other close friends. All other women Floriane is that the slut she promotes the illusion that the men and boys who teased her because it gave them. She suffers the fate of a beautiful girl who is not a man. But as an object and she could not resist checking the boy for her by wanting to kiss her and go to bed her But she doesn't care about them and knows her Participation with them is a trap. Enlisted Marie to act as her friend for her mother (Invisible) will not know that she is going out to meet the boy. She also received Marie to save her life from the boy later. It looked opposite at first, but Floriane wanted Marie as much as Marie thought she wanted her. Anne was left with her discomfort and the desire to be placed in a world that is more true than other women. <br /> <br /> Keeping all the external contexts Sciamma Bay can emphasize small changes in the delicate equations. Of the goals and interactions of the three girls On the other hand, the water craze in the film, including bathing and spitting, including swimming underwater makes it sometimes completely uncomfortable, and some parts of 95 minutes do not pass quickly. Fortunately, this film has a sense of humor and makes the three people forget their goals and avoidance today and do nonsense and ridiculous things. It was an unusual time that made the movie alive. Too bad in a way that is not so much, but Sciamma has the courage of her passion and what is left when walking out of the cinema is their personality and dynamics. On the way, of course, it is a pleasure to watch swimming and stare at the young women who like to stare at themselves. <br /> <br /> There are no revelations or great plays, but things. More interesting when it appears that Marie not only admires Floriane but truly wishes and envy her boyfriend - which Floriane always stops before they go all the way. In this typical plan, the Floriane sarcasm, in fact, she actually wants sex with Marie - but Marie is the one who carries because she knows that it is not important to Floriane that it will be there for her. Is a cowardly matter At the same time, Ann has a crush on Francois. (Warren Jacinto) male swimmer But of course, he was the follower of the Floriane. The boy was not an element that had been removed and there seemed to be several dozen along the pool or on the dance floor. But they are just body and face buttons that are available
