The importance of the French name of the film "La Naissance des Pieuvres", which literally means "The Birth of the Octopuses", is quite ambiguous, so it is not surprising to be marketed in countries that use English as "Water Lilies". "Lily" of the English name is three teenage girls: Marie Ann and Floren, a member of the synchronized swimming team located in the suburbs of Paris and this film is The Christmas story Their first sexual feelings. <br /> <br /> One feature of this film may be unusual for this type of film, that is, it focuses on the relationship between young people in particular. We do not see anything of their parents or teachers and the very young adult world. The three people are very different in appearance and show that they have very different personalities. Marie, who is shy and retiring, is slim and looks like the youngest of these three. Ann is a common thing, Jane Jane Floriane, a charming blonde who is very popular with boys. All three, along with a handsome male swimmer named Francois, participated in what might be described as a three-sided love. <br /> <br /> Anne fell in love with Francois, but he was flipped. Rain and Floren In order to return his love, even if he does not admire her only man In fact, those who admire in Floriane are not all men because Marie is interested in her interesting friends. This film shows how their friendship improved. At first, Floriane seems to use Marie as a convenient excuse when she goes out to meet with boys. Her parents may oppose her dating man. But did not object to going out with a female friend However, later we realized that despite the image of Floriane as a famous sexy girl, which is always the center of male interest. This film reverses traditional stereotypes about sex. Anne has short hair and is quite fat, looks generally "Butch", but she is only one of the three main characters that clearly opposite sex, while women conventionally Marie and Floriane have a lesbian or charm. At least bisexual. <br /> <br /> Movies that came to that era were fairly normal, although most movies avoided the controversial topic of lesbian teens. However, "Water Lilies" are related to meat. There are three very good performances from three leading actors Pauline Acquart, Adele Haenel and Louise Blachere. The relationship between the characters, especially between Marie and Floriane, is complex and can be interpreted. Can have many things (For example, Floriane, just using Marie for sex or is she really feeling romantic for her? The crowded behavior of Floriane and Francois and other boys is just a tool to hide the lesbian feelings of She from the outside world Hiding them from yourself?) This is the first film directed by new director Celine Sciamma. (Now only 27 people); On this basis, she must be considered a highly promising newcomer. 7/10
