This person runs a play; Many Trek fans do not give a high score as well as the classics that are well known forever because they do not have a deep meaning or make up with really great people. But this one works well for things that are truly successful Entertainment. It makes my personal list in half a dozen. Regardless of whether I'm in any mood, many well-known future movies. ("Westworld") and TV programs (Moreover "Fantasy Island") Evidence of now (Of course, the TNG show improved the concept with holodeck technology). Beautifully filmed. (Especially in versions that have been recovered and on DVDs) and directing the filming. It happens in an environment like the planet park that the organization has just arrived. It is strange that there are no living animals, even insects that seem to be here. (Like how flowers pollinate) but things are really strange when party members begin to see people from the past (The church has a heavy past - it appears), including information from other famous fantasy stories. Sulu also discovered old revolvers. (Add to the collection of the sword, no doubt.) <br /> <br /> At this point in the Trek series (half way through the first season), the main character is quite cute. Strengthen the old friends that we have known for many years. Here we will see them relax, chat and work together to solve the mystery now: Strong storytelling is a mystery again. Strange and the audience is ready for travel while Kirk & Friends tries to solve strange puzzles. Very strange A set of activities with absolutely amusing taste for them. It was almost strange to the worry-free style created on the spacecraft while Kirk was finally forced to smile after showing clear signs of stress and fatigue. (The organization suggested it had just completed the harrowing mission). Then the genuine doctor was killed by a knight on horseback; Yes, this is the last episode of Dr. McCoy ... just kidding, but it's not a joke for the rest of the party to land at this point in the story. As a matter of fact, death for all intent and purpose, and as with the best of Trek, the second half of this adventure has increased to a more active and suspicious rhythm. This is all the signal from Kirk's strong response to Sulu, which his voice does not understand about these events after McCoy-Kirk's death will reach the lowest point of all things. > <br /> But it's not easy for Kirk: The following things will probably be the longest Mano-a-mano battle for the series, while Kirk tussled with his poems from the day The first battle Rotate the fighter who seems to be happening more than half. But this is a scene that shows extraordinary tenderness, along with Kirk's past acquaintances. Another person now uses the music tones of every human experience, quite appropriate for what we learn about the true purpose of the planet. This freak It is gratifying that this script describes all that happened, as opposed to the nonsense methods that infiltrate fantasy and sci-fi novels that have similar lines (appearing without explanation). And actually having a story description - human beings, we need to 'work' from our tension and fatigue in a particular form, or we just don't work in the normal way 'cover In addition, note the appearance of the cute Yeoman Barrows and the sudden disappearance of Yeoman Rand that didn't return until the first Trek movie in 79. I believe that after this time, more and more Trek fans are not. Can wait for the next appearance of all their favorite characters But I left now with the final thought, perhaps provoking: if the genuine is killed (Examined by Spock) How do we know that it's really our genuine smile on the boat? Perhaps this might explain why this authentic spacecraft continued to inspect about a century later and get along well with the data.
