It seems that many IMDB reviews in this movie are biased in the sense that they try to compare it to the older version. True, "HOLLOW MAN" is a newly created game of "THE INVISIBLE MAN" but that's what is similar. Ending "HOLLOW MAN" is a movie that provides retro entertainment. If you watch the movie with the intention of finding as many flaws as possible, you shouldn't watch the movie at first. True, some movies are scary and unbearable, but "HOLLOW MAN" manages to entertain and make you think what you will do if you can't see it and if you have your ex girlfriend with friends. Kevin Bacon, acting as a strange scientist with a team of collaborators, discovered ways to make animals invisible. Now his mission is to make them see again. When a new generation of scientists (Working as you might guess for the Pentagon) thinks they have a formula to make animals see again. Kevin Bacon, the volunteer, is the first person to try new experimental drugs. After that, of course, something unusual happened while Kevin Bacon was still unable to see the rest of the movie and needed to wear a rubber mask to let the co-workers know where he was. Paranoia and despair began to dominate Kevin's character, and when he discovered that his former girlfriend and collaborator (Elisabeth Shue) was having a hot relationship with another young scientist in the team. Then the movie will become a hybrid of "aliens" and patting, but that doesn't mean it's going to be bad. With fear and chills and the movie moves quickly The special technique is the best. (All qualities that are prevalent in Paul Verhoeven's movies) When we see the sequence "Creating a new body" that has never been seen before in movies If there is anything to complain, it may be a guess of the situation here. In the first hour of the movie, you know that Kevin Bacon will jump from being strange and strange to finally becoming a murderer. And the ending was quite sudden But despite this, HOLLOW MAN still looks remarkable. If you want to know what a truly bad movie is, waste money on "FEAR DOT COM" (with Stephen Dorf) or worse than THE UNTOLD (or "Sasquatsh" and Land Henriksen). Now that is "hollow"! 8 * from 10 *!
