This is a natural porn movie that has no people to do. By porn, I don't mean sex. I mean the worthless pictures of thousands of birds together, or hundreds of walruses or giant waterfalls or icebergs. Many of the movies in the movie seem to be alone in the trailer, so people come to the cinema to watch it for ten seconds before it disappears, no one can see again for Get other movies> <br /> Almost no plot in this movie. Tell us about the story of three animal families. "Better than the March of the Penguin" This movie does not deliver. The offense occurs in three main points: (1) The writer who gave James Earl Jones the worst chapter in natural film history (2) The music team that is too exaggerated to tell you how you should feel Although the movie cannot be stimulated and finally But the most important is (3) an editor whose story jumps from one place to another without touching or reasoning, without continuity, without flow, sucking life out of the whole movie - movies about life When we reached half of the whales through this movie, I drowned in the seat with fear, hoping that the film would go through more than halfway and I would be able to survive the long endurance test With the animals on the screen. <br /> <br /> There's almost no science in the movie. They refer to heat and cold. (All is not just a season) Just like the world's inclination, ignoring the fact that we have more vertices from one position to another if there is no tilt because the poles are not warm. And it will be the worst if we don't have rotation (Compared to the revolution) such as Mercury, because half the planets will bake and the other half will freeze Then near the end, they used the phrase "Humans and animals" as if humans are not animals are excluded from the laws of nature. So much for science. <br /> <br /> I have to give credit to camera work. But and again, that is why I call this natural pornography Everything from the slowest movements to what seems to be a finely controlled time-lapse photography is used to prepare something. (And I just warned "some") impressive Other natural movies that say I don't believe it's all natural on the screen. Some images show a great drainage channel in Africa, since it changed from one season to another season. It seems CGI for me. The director may expect suspicion and build up in another shot to show that it is common But they didn't do that. <br /> <br /> For a movie about the world, I expect that the world will have more to show what we see is old. We have to use the narrator's words because there are some types that are at risk due to climate change. They didn't show us evidence. They didn't show us the Alberta poisonous pond that was visible from space. They didn't show us that the great Pacific trash can. They did not show us the night vision of human light pollution around the world. These things have a world as much as anything else. Why must conceal it for the sins that feel good? <br /> <br /> My last comment is the content of the plunder. Whenever a hunter appears on the screen of a real prey, the song changes to the Mt Doom scene from the Lord of the Rings, where the hunter shows that he is the ultimate Sauron character. They carry out the necessary services to ensure that the best members of the victim species survive. We are hunters Whenever the hunters catch prey, we will immediately cut other things to pretend that death and eating are not real. The last insult is the polar bear "Father" who was left to die after he dared to eat. "Bear bear! Poor! "You almost heard them talking. <br /> <br /> The next presentation, my theater might be blamed on this. But may not I expect to see something that has more clarity than I see on my HDTV LCD at home. But the image is blurry and presented in the same 16: 9 ratio that I can find from home instead of the wider ratio that many movies come in today. And during one scene, action scenes near the end of the film (I can't imagine this happening digitally from the appearance) damaged and we lose many colors. That is repeated about three times. <br /> <br /> If they really plant trees on my behalf, it's worth it. But how do i know
