Spoiler warnings for people who want to see themselves as animals and scenery through their eyes, even if I don't talk about it in good detail. <br /> <br /> "The world" is all about. The 90-minute movie version, according to "Planet Earth", which I watched all on BBC TV. The TV version was described by David Attenborough, a lovely critic who I wanted to do for "Earth" but as Patrick Stewart, Star Captain Picard of Trek. The image of the world from space on a regular basis may therefore be appropriate. In any case, he will sound good enough and calm for it. There are 12 chapters in which we track the life of animals on Earth from the North Pole to Antarctica. 3 family animals, polar bears, elephants and whales appear in more than one section. Each "chapter" begins with an indication that it is far from the north pole or equator. We see each animal. But only mammals and birds and fish and pictures of beautiful vegetation, mountains, waterfalls, deserts and forests are the perfect presentation of the diversity of life and landscape and climate on earth You get the impression that our world is the only habitat for animals, people or villages or cities, not in movies, so it's a natural documentary in general. But was shot remarkably and accompanied the melodious song When this film opened, I knew that it would end too soon for me. It is a family movie, so there is no killing of cruel animals. When one is caught by his predator, the shooting ends and in other cases we see the victim being caught. It is shot slowly which causes less violence. Down and see for young children (limited to the age of 6 in the Netherlands). There is no blood shedding. Some scenes (newly born animals) are really cute and will be loved by children. Natural But when you know how many days it takes to shoot (4,000) and how much it costs, it will become even more amazing. It was the Dutch premiere yesterday, one month before the actual release in the 500-seat cinema, which 15 were used. The real beauty is not interesting for movie viewers. It seems that When I knew the TV series, I was very curious if my favorite scenes would be made into this movie. Some people can't But the most impressive image (Big Waterfall) did that. Good luck. It's the first time I cry in a natural movie.
