I didn't hear anything except the wonderful story about the mini-series "Planet Earth" television series described by David Attenborough in my childhood. However, whether it was screened here in Australia or not, I never gave up and when I had the opportunity to see 'Earth (2007)' gathering the same length of nature's natural images? On the big screen I had a chance to jump up. The theater is generally empty. There are only other patrons sitting in front of me and it's like I have not just a big screen movie for myself. But actually the whole world for 90 minutes that I was downgraded to the beauty and danger of the wilderness, isolated among the most beautiful creatures ever recorded in a movie. Excellent in its boundaries and still close in pain. Sometimes, 'Earth' is a sincere plea from the filmmakers to recognize the delicate balance of life on our planet and human invasion. Countless glorious vegetation, extinction. <br /> <br /> Although the movie, directed by Alastair Fothergill and Mark Linfield, has a clear reason for conserving the wilderness, it inhibits our head hit. With propaganda and political puzzles Ignore all; Indeed, there is no human being in his eyes. But we travel to the magnificence of the natural world to experience the resilience and fragility of life on earth. I heard that the original mini-series, which ran for eleven, then delve deeper into the scientific background of the world ecosystem. But I think here, filmmakers make smart decisions to replace information with emotional impact: I can't 'remember the last time I felt so much inspired. But was fully heartbroken at the same time By creating an emotional connection between the audience and a few animals selected, we make us understand the "human" of each species and the desperation of their survival becomes less and more statistically. Can't accept the tragedy. <br /> <br /> The 'world' consists of amazing episodes, whether it's the struggle of a female polar bear to bring her soft baby to the Arctic ice or a flock. Heading to the Okavango Delta, a documentary showing the delicate balance between life and death, which is profoundly demonstrated in the hopeless ballet from the hunter-victim interaction, though sometimes, sometimes in response to Younger audience But the image cut itself short in important moments But I must inevitably shed tears that natural death and raw instincts make these animals the last animal. There is even a haunted beauty in the hunt, both in the slow motion of the cheetah that brought its prey. {The result of a single catastrophic mistake} or the great leap of the Great White Shark as if it were Swallow the sea lion without luck This is a weak balance that is destroyed by the selfishness of our own species. <br /> <br /> In addition to these important matters, we also receive the treatment of wild animals from around the world, including birds of Papua New Guinea's paradise and the autumn migration of the Demoiselle crane. Of course, the entire film may be dedicated to these species only and the inevitable consequences that Will pass through many videos, which are some interesting ecosystems that are quickly selected By choosing to focus on polar bears, elephants and humpback whales Follow their lives through the amazing time-lapse photography of amazing high resolution throughout the calendar year. The filmmakers can avoid any structural problems that may arise from the show and take only 90 minutes to perform. Therefore, 'Earth' makes me crave more and luckily now I have more time to estimate. Eleven hours as soon as I can track the DVD box set for "Planet Earth". "Earth" is a truly spectacular and scary and scary and scary feature film and a movie that I Like in 2550
