City Hall spends time with the politics of the city, rather than the country, state or any important political table. It shines in New York City, which is a large political arena, especially nowadays. But it was still smaller and placed a microscope in a few important players in the wide scandal of the city stumbling upon the mayor's right hand Director Harold Becker is a director who is familiar with the elements of the thriller that has made Mercury Rising, Malice and Domestic Disturbance, and I think that in many aspects, he combines a thrilling movie that is almost a formula. wrong I mean, the City Hall is a political matter, not a thriller. But when everything is said and done and when you reach the flesh and potatoes of this movie, it feels and looks like a thriller. But it is very good An important part of the recipe that makes it stand out immediately ... What's more ... or can be someone else ... Al Pacino The movie starts with letting you see the good life in the mayor's office and the top works. In the city While this film continues, it will expand the political spectrum to include a democratic boss and his connection, and then we are introduced to some of the behaviors that occur within the city. When the event unfolds, the mystery that arises and the political perspective is left behind But there are also great settings. <br /> <br /> I definitely hate talking about Al Pacino. I mean, even if the only time he didn't perform well, what should I say? The man acts as a boss. There is something wonderful about all of his behavior in the town hall. Pacino plays as New York City Mayor. He has a sense of duty and honor and seems to be a good politician. He also made one of the most powerful and charming speeches I had ever seen at the funeral of 'James Bone'. I watched that speech four times, and the first time I watched Pacino give it my mouth open and gasped. Almost wanting to stand up and applaud It's wonderful, written and delivered superbly by Pacino John Cusack, my favorite as an actor, turning from moderate and excessive performances as deputy mayor Kevin Calhoun. He is the focus of this film and he and Pacino have good chemistry together when they are on the screen. But there is something in this performance ... it seems that he is trying too hard His accent is strange, and although he should be a murderer and intimidate, he doesn't seem to pull it out. Maybe he has a movie outside the story. Bridget von Fonda departed from Stardom. She worked well as a police lawyer. Marybeth Cogan widow. Her performance is very similar to Cusack's because she doesn't seem to find the groove of this character. Aiello is great, although his character is being explored as a Democrat leader with ties to the mafia Frank Anselmo. Martin Qur'an acted as a good judge as a judge under Walter Stern's consideration. <br /> <br /> The problem with the City Hall is seen in the character review. And all the actors are ... Okay, there are many back stories that they tried to bring out without really showing up and it made you a little confused about the whole conspiracy. And of course you have Al Pacino in a relatively small role. But he is excellent and shows and stands out from all the actors in the movie It almost felt that maybe they were intimidated by him on the screen with them. Therefore, the City Hall may be a great political epic drama / thriller thriller. But it felt cut and tightened to run the average of one mill But still has to be seen for Pacino and the different revolutions in political work If you don't see this movie more than find Pacino's words at James Bone's funeral, because the word electrifying doesn't seem fair. But you can see what makes Al Pacino so amazing because in the ordinary movie he pulled this wall out Words and make you feel If you are a fan of John Cusack, which I am ... He definitely did better. But he is the main character and all this he will get justice Good movie Unfortunately, the potential loss 7.5 / 10
