The movie is related to the classic theme. In fact, it involves a theme that Batman uses from beginning to end. But is true information and details New York's mayors appreciated and diligently and had the power to allow the project to pass slightly earlier than usual, putting pressure on private business contractors about criminal drug dealers who should be sent and imprisoned in prison. And him Causing the judge to press on to let him be free from the experiment despite the missing negative experiment report But not destroyed, either because of political values And what will happen and only a few people, including one black student, were killed during police and criminal investigations The city may explode because of it: racial tensions due to black school children and social tensions because of the insecurity of such criminals is free to walk around and go with their criminal activities as representatives of the people. Unfortunately, this film does not show that tension is good and follows the investigation of the first deputy mayor who wants to find the truth and find it out. But on the way, there were only a few witnesses who were killed and those who had a role in all of their businesses were forced to retire (judges) to end their career and life. (Contractor or subcontractor) Public officials at Ready to send a report of lost probation and shady characters after he provided some important information The Mayor himself retired and spent a long holiday; But the main interest of the film is to explore the conflict that the mayor was doing to cover the problems and conflicts he had previously recognized, which led to errors about this probation case. The political philosophy that nothing is pure white or pure black and everything is gray, which never feels comfortable with the decision-makers being used as an excuse for making wrong decisions but making a profit. The compromise needed to achieve consensus in certain domains that are important to public interest We are talking about considering that it is less important to make bad decisions about minor or minor criminal offenses than infrastructure or economic projects in the city. That's not normal for New York. That's true in the mayor's office. It is important in quantity and quality in large cities like New York and of course in cities or countries where police departments are municipalities and controlled by political necessities. This young mayor pushed the old mayor out of the way and he was ambitious to be the governor of New York in order to become president of the United States. The mayor is perfect because the Al Pacino Center offers us because he is able to show the conversation for ten minutes with a single facial expression that makes the whole conversation useless. I found that a little annoying end to the former deputy mayor campaigning on his own behalf. That means he is stuck in justice because he sees the opportunity to push the mayor out of his own way. So he didn't get better than others but still too young in his ambition. <br /> <br /> Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris Dauphine, Paris 1 University, Pantheon Sorbonne and Versailles University Saint Quentin en Yvelines
