Wow ... Riget for another 5 hours. Lars is still a great mix of superstition, dark horror and drama. Picked up at the point where the last episode of the previous series was left (Finishing with high intensity and same suspense But that's not better or worse) Installation in this franchise In the final series, it seems like going through a day or a week between each episode. At this moment, it's clear that for a long time ... one episode ends the next episode. Can say a lot about Lars von Trier But he is diverse and strange Both properties are shown here. The plot still maintains its excellence. Now, give a few regular characters who are minor players in the previous four episodes to pay more attention. Basically, all the characters from the first return, at least as much as the main role Spacing is not as clear as in the first part, and I find myself not quite as impressed. That is not in any form to say that this thing is not related to me, but ... I still find myself watching all the time and in many points that have reacted violently frequently. As much as what happened I while I am an incredibly silent person) like me in the early days Like this first question, it also raises ethical questions that are full. Building the foundation from the first time will bring the next story ... and since the scope is bigger as well, the greater the more the more the more strange the more The strong graphic material at first was back again and it was notched. The character has been further developed. The performance was great as in the first episode. Udo Kier added his great talent to everyone who was wondering. Playing is a very difficult character. (Anyone who has ever seen the first series can think of what I mean) * and * acting in a language that he doesn't speak (He was later dubbed) ... and still gives strength, performance. Cinematography is still excellent and still remains as a mobile with fast zooming and takes a long time. The resolution is sharp, with a slight direct sound cut. (Although these things will stand out for the first time) Now, from all of the above, I would like to give a perfect score 10 ... or at least under such as the first four. I really enjoyed watching and I didn't regret it. But this will be flawed ... The first part is more For the first time, humor just takes up too much space ... and at this time it's getting worse. There are many new characters that do not have any other reason except to relieve the cartoon ... Three people are not at all. The scene is set and executed without any reason other than making the audience laugh. Good for comedians But what did it do in darkness and unpleasantness? Yes, there is nothing that makes sadness short during the horror piece time? The hidden place of Helmer's secluded secret from the hospital roof ... where he can see his beloved Sweden ... Go to the bathroom with a corner from inside the bowl. No, you read correctly. In general, humor seems to have very low eyebrows ... Sex and body work are more funny, which raises the question "Why" while most writings are excellent. But some work is very serious Many scenes were copied from the first mini-series. (One can guess because of their popularity when it aired) Sometimes it seems that the drama is more lively than the first drama and can jump too many times. Fortunately, there is not much to see. But the plot and item issues are too easy to explain. (One character who lives in Denmark without a clear reason, such as ... Both dishwashers, while still mysterious and intelligent, become too much mechanisms ... In the end, I guess too. But most scenes with them are still fun In addition, I want to reassure all readers that despite all the negative things I just wrote, this is still the best ... fun, certainly interesting, effective ... everyone at Like the first person should definitely see (But if in that group, don't expect the story to finish after watching this thing more than you did after the first time). I recommend this to the fans of Lars von Trier and everyone who likes the first Riget and wants. What comes from I want everyone who is considering this to make sure that you see everything before you do ... I bought it before I bought it first. But I went out and watched until I bought the first time and watched And I can't tell you how happy I am Although this feature is a brief summary of the event in the first phase But there are many details and aspects that you will miss if you haven't seen it before watching this. Slightly less sequel But still a remarkable thing if you like the first 8/10
