There is a danger with critics / sages Slavoj Zizek with his film directed by Sophie Fiennes, which combines a wonderful mix of silence, horror, sci-fi, surreal and other contemporary thrills together to score. His comparison to But in Pervert's Guide to Cinema, he also created far more points from other analyzes that I saw in the film section. Although it does not cover the area of ​​the Scorsese documentary, it has the same attachment, and Zizek has a definite love for these examples and "warp" movies, most of which are Hitchcock's work, Lynch, Chaplin and Tarkovsky, but we shouldn't see this thing - if you can discover it, I see it almost as luck. - Zizek thinks to try and separate the parts or parts of the mind that refer to the way If anything, one of the points he opened that might not be considered otherwise - who would think of the three Marx brothers who represent Id, Super-Ego and Ego (for example, Harpo Dead for me) <br /> <br /> He is not the only person to enter the class. He also considers food for the ideas in The Matrix and Fight Club - representing the divide between imagination and True and if mate Statistics Linux needs the most power. Energy needs a matrix for the past and in the attachment of violence to deal with itself, as well as the second person in the back. He also threw pieces from an important moment in Sith's revenge when Anakin became Darth Vader and the effect of avoiding being a father under that mask during the time his son was born. Elsewhere The ideal of fatherhood, male, male perspective, to change imagination. (At this point, Zizek points correctly as a time of nightmare) and female actors may be seen as people. Died with Vertigo. This is the scene that Zizek deconstructs as if it were a Zapruder movie, in which he cut the three collisions of the mental posture in the scene. 'You don't look at me' in Blue Velvet. <br /> <br /> Now it's going to be one thing. If Zizek himself does these things with sincerity, excitement and a reliable point, just facing the camera or using Most of the voice overs, as Scorsese did But he took another step to emphasize his fantasy and reality and how they overlap, cut into one, or spread even more significantly in the sense of some characters. (Such as the Lost Highway) in various locations that happened in the movie for the first time to see him in the boat "heading" to the port of Tippi Hedren, head to the beginning of the bird; Equally funny is that while he watered the blue velvet lawn, he explained the points that had many aspects of Frank Booth; Only when he was in a land similar to Solaris, it looked a bit magical. But it seems that Zizek will enjoy this setting and after a while and skip through the potential weaknesses of this mechanism and Zizek's words will happen. <br /> <br /> There are some movies. Exact matter It is expected that most come from Hitchcock and Lynch, but the treatment for movie enthusiasts comes from seeing two things - movies that never thought to be seen in a movie about the movie called The Pervert's Guide of Cinema (ranked second First for me Disney Pluto cartoons and descriptions of Chaplin's films, although there are good messages about the power and difference of 'sound') and what we haven't seen yet. (Eg horror movies, voice actors, Dr. Mubuse another few stalkers) that inspire feelings. 'Wow, I have to watch immediately. Don't ask questions.' Zizek is a powerful writer with his work and makes it clear by reminding us of the reasons why we first watch movies in order to be entertained. But still have real experience of sitting down and having something there As he laid it, looking into the bathroom It may be one of the greatest movies about movies and in a narrow analysis of how Freud works in movies about the needs of Id / Super-Ego / Ego and supernatural imaginations that you may never see. . Do not spread, eventually began if only at the smallest level
