"The movie is an art in the most wrong way. It does not give you what you want. It tells you the way you want it." <br /> <br /> So start "The Pervert's Guide to Cinema". Slavoj Zizek has applied the Freudian / Lacanian brain surgery knife to theaters in the world. This film in three parts is the second documentary directed by Sophie Fiennes (yes, Ralph's sister and Joseph) and it is a remarkable achievement, with a talk of 2 and a half hours in a conversation from a man. One forever. In essence, it is a long film lecture and one of the best things you have ever received. Throughout the film, Zizek guided us through a catalog of passion and desire in film history. He was exposed to more than 40 movies, and especially spent time with Hitchcock, Lynch, Chaplin, Tarcksky, Marx Brothers and Eisenstein. But he looked closely at "Persona," "The Conversation," "Three Colors: Blue," "Dogville," "Fight Club" and "The Exorcist". Specifically, Zizek's inquiries in theaters range from ideas. About death to "The coordinates of desire" and from reason to <br /> <br /> "Pervert guide" will be a little better experience if You take a few minutes to think of your basic Freud vocabulary. However, even if you are not interested in psychoanalytic theory, Zizek's lively and hilarious personality will still bring the movie forward with such gusto, which you should not stop at the terminology. This movie is usually cut from a movie clip as an image of Zizek * inside. * The movie he talks about is in the position and the original set. The transition in these scenes helped to make the tension and humor that the trick had never been to, and Zizek himself made us laugh constantly, whether it was a funny, strange, or insulting joke. His enthusiasm, like the brave Oedipal interpretation of "The Birds" and the attitude that went forward and laughed. As for Fiennes and Zizek, it was important to the Gonz character. o of this movie It's a spoonful of sugar that helps us digest Zizek's strange drugs. In the end, we all don't feel that at one point, psychology theorists just pull our legs.
