He is strong, sweating, slightly distracted and restless. He stood in front of us and called himself a wrong person. He claimed that we Movie viewers ?? Recognize the screen like a toilet bowl and everyone wants everyone to secretly explode from the inside. He's unpredictable and scary. Good ??? You can guess that he is now one of the leading philosophers of our generation. <br /> <br /> Slavoj? I ?? ek is both a storyteller and a new story of Sophie Fiennes's special film. For movies in the wrong way, Fiennes shows a lengthy lecture by by ii ek and can be done in two ways: by creating a movie clip that is typical and putting ik in the actual place. (Or create a new one) from the movie he talks about It is always good to watch the scenes with elaborate narration from great movies (although Revenge of the Sith also arrives here) but the main attraction of A Pervert's Guide? What is it that makes movies look fun? This is a question that cannot be answered that cannot help. But repeatedly asked: What is more outrageous? My view or the appearance of the screen? In the documentary by Astra Taylor (i i ?? ek!, 05), a Slovenian philosopher at one point confessed that he was afraid of being silent. Because he claims that he feels like he does not exist in the first place, the only way to make all others believe that he is doing constant talk and fever And he said and how Still a guide to Pervert? Being overwhelmed by his voice? Presenting the perfect English language in the most crazy way and making amazing scores about the cinema. <br /> <br /> What are those things? For example, he saw Chaplin's reluctance to speak, as a sign of the universal fear of his own voice. (The type of alien that came to occupy humans, think of the cast of Dead of Night [45]). He said that the unusual nature of the film is to teach us to desire certain objects, not to allow us to have them. Groucho Marx is a super ego, Chico is an ego and Harpo is an id. He said a million more interesting things and all the time that we can't take his eyes away. leg At one point, I couldn't help staring at his fluffy hair and wondering what kind of brain was stored underneath. Of course, for a deeper understanding, <br /> <br /> The most notable thing is the reading of Lynch and Hitchcock (which was not surprising that he wrote both). Many excellent edits from their work make part of the lecture of "i ?? ek" to be remembered and Unlike others ?? It's hard to argue because he seems to have received the right thing in these two directors. This was not due to his reading of Tarkovsky. For example, when he relentlessly demanded his concrete view of reality, completely ignoring all the amazing things in Tarkovsky> The question is not that I am a wonderful and wonderful person because he is; Whether or not Fiennes movies are worth watching because it's the same. The real question is: Do I have a consistent view? One wise observation after that again caused overwhelming intellectual driving. But after all things ended, some doubts remained. For example: While considering Vertigo (58) ik ik argues that what is hidden behind the human face is the perfect void which makes the page itself is just a facade: something that is deceptive in its own way. However, when in the final order, we hear about the last scene of the fire of the city (31) as a picture of a human being that fully touches one another. It is difficult to ask: what happens to what lies ahead? ?? Why do we need Chaplin's true face, the true value of the real thing and discourage Kim Novak of this same privilege in two brave strokes ??? Or perhaps the discontinuity may be read in terms of Lacan? (The name of a French psychoanalyst that is "indecipherable" is the basis of my thoughts.) The film has all the qualities of a wonderful two and a half hour lecture: there are many areas covering many perspectives The employee, despite having a top ranking (when I travel on the Melanie Daniels boat from The Birds [63] and trying to think like you do, he came up with it: "I want f ** K Mitch ") But there is only one flaw that does not exist in this two-and-a-half-hour lecture. It is almost a terrible provocation. My yarn is about whether we are away from reality as good as other psychoanalysis yarn, but after 80 minutes it becomes clear that one of my unusual pleasures is to walk on. Change subjects all the time The overall effect is to be blown away by a giant wave: You are taken together by surprise, refreshed in the danger of man and endless confusion. When you look at it, your boss is full of ideas that are not your own, and you plan to watch a new movie? But you share the feeling that you have survived the disaster. <br /> <br /> The last question is: Did I get lost? Or are we not close to the real thing? When cinephilia was punished by imprisonment, we would all meet in a large cell and finally talk. (No movies around to face each other) I dare you all: Who will have the courage to approach? I ?? ek and challenge him? I guess when you look at those eyes in real life, you become a believer.
