Rival serious Her (1995), starring Harry Hamlin, Annie Paul Scott, Lisa Andersen, Tommy Hill and Mike Manley, Susan Dion's, Roma Maffia, Robert. Treveiler, DL Anderson, William Blair, Sean Bridge, Robin Dallenbach Kelly, Deborah Hobart, David Lenthall, Lorri Lindberg, Chuck Kinlaw, Amy Parrish, Melissa Suzanne McBride, Ralph Wilcox, Al Wiggins, Jeff Sumerel, Daria Sanford .... Director James Hayman, screenwriter Dan Vining <br /> Actress Harry Hamlin (from LA Law's reputation, Clash of The Titans and other movies) seems to be starring in the "Lifetime" movie. Directed by James Hayman and released in 1995. He and his wife, Lisa Rinna will run in the next movie. Regarding the sexual intercourse "Her Deadly Rival" is when seeing the first glimpse of Hollywood's famous popular movie "Fatal Attraction" in "The Opponent", a happy married couple, Jim. And Chris Lanford moved into a new house in a beautiful suburb They have a perfect marriage - they have deep love, even with a daily life. But then the mysterious girlfriend stared at Jim. Her identity was never revealed, despite Jim's efforts and even the investigator to find out who she is. She bothered Jim all the time via phone and letter. His marriage was almost struggling while his wife began to think that he had a relationship and tried to conceal it while Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts and the rest of the actors - Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan Diol, Roma Maffia, Robert C. Treveiler, DL Anderson, William Blair - each one seems to be straight from the TV series But this is a drama full of suspicion and a good time. With a twist at the end Spoiler alert. All I have to say is "Her serious rival" is only yourself. Chris, Jim's wife, suffers from many personality disorders and that is what makes her marriage worse. Although the story is not very impressive, even though the show is just one step above the drama But this movie has a period The movement, in particular, is an intimate scene between Jim and his wife and the last scene when Jim knows the truth. He can't believe what he just heard. This movie may be a bit long and boring in some parts. But is a television movie that is usually well done, especially in Lifetime, which still produces this type of movie in the genre "Thriller in the house" or the story of a junk, but everyone likes trash.
