The movie begins with the setting in the classroom, which is not surprising. Our main performer, Orked, is found in Chinese classes. Later in this film, she was asked why (by Mukshin) that she was sent to study Mandarin. Her answer is simple for her children; Because she knows the Malay language well. <br /> <br /> It is a love story that may be thought of. But when you stop you from reading too many reviews, you will notice General elements of Malaysia In general, this film will focus on the 10-year-old Orked who found Muksin, 12 years old, in a game that many people think is a game of Muksin boys (new players in that village) are forced to allow. Orked enters the game, in which she shows her male side enthusiastically. Orked is not an ordinary woman, as she shows more male behavior than you can see in a movie. This defends Mukhsin from a fierce confrontation with her school bully, throwing a bag of bully from a school bus window. Kicked Muksin's brother after he was pretending to be a pearl mookin. Both were excellent friends and closer. But with a slight misunderstanding that most of us all respond to in the same way, separating them both from each other until the day that Muktin leaves the city. To see the first love between Orked and Mukhsin. They started out as friends But gradually developing into a closer relationship and then going to BGR. You'll notice the changes Yasmin made in each movie for the main actors and actors when they fell in love. Different characters are expressed with enthusiasm and non-violent humor. The scenes are random, but they describe the realities in that so much that you have to be stuck on the screen for a long time. You will love movies in what it is and not because you want to have a love for the scene in the area because it has more meaning. <br /> <br /> While the movies around love both birds Finding his lens with Orked's parents. Her mother, who was educated in English, spoke very good English and her husband and caretakers tried to speak English in their own way, which was a joke. Of course Let me explain to you why humor is the dominant thing in this movie. And the explanation or explanation that you can describe is only one word and that is the ransom More often than not, we learn to laugh at ourselves and when we do, we will do that to others. It's like the movie Just Follow Law by Jack Neo. It is often mentioned - often when we are ourselves, we don't see who we are. But when we are in another person's body Learn to see who we are. And that is how humor is used as well, rather than just dignity. <br /> <br /> Movies are randomly filled with the general facts of our daily lives as we proceed. Laughter if we want it to be. <br /> <br /> Another interesting thing about this film is that the neighbor of Orked is a couple who doesn't love his wife anymore. Pak Koboi is something That he received after seeing his motorcycle polishing every day and going to take it with the newly found girlfriend The manufacturer did not fail to show you, perhaps why the husband wanted to find another wife. The wife is a thrower or KPC, as we call China to interrupt other people's business and send their own daughter to tease the word that only adults will use. Ultimately, things that happen around you and that may be the cause of bad things happen to you. Every time being a good person with people around you will not hurt at all unless you have an ego to protect. But then again, what is it worth? The film also centered around Muksin Hussein's brother, who would go out to town every day until late at night, smoking, drinking, and finding 'women'. But that may be due to family problems Both brothers and sisters were with their aunt and their parents away from them. I will not reveal more stories because it will lose a lot of interest in searching for yourself. But all the elements that the manufacturer wants to send to the audience are all our lives. She wants us. At least I will watch life from our own perspective when we are not ourselves. The movie takes us away from our body, putting us in the position of the character and using our empty mind to see the events that happened. Depending on the type and type of movie, you will enjoy this great movie that will portray and indicate the impact that is important to you.
