Mook Chin is a beautiful movie about the first love story. Everyone may have one and this is the story of her director Yasmin Ahmad with a boy called Mook Xin. We know that her film has a semi-autobiographical style, with scenes drawn from her personal experiences and that it shares and translates these emotions to the big screen, where her movies often express sincerity and sincerity. Always warm Mook Chin has no difference and may be the most confident advertising present. (Although I have to add personal bias, Sepet still has a special place in my heart) <br /> <br /> Our favorite family is back - Pak Atan, Mak Inom, Orked and Kak Yam. This we went back to when Orked was 10 years old. Every character was younger than the movie that we had traveled with them from Rabun to Gubra and here the older sister of Sharifah Amani Sharifah Aryana and Sharifah Aleya plays the role of Orked and Mak Inom. Sequence which may be the cause of chemical excellence Do not worry that they do not play the role of brothers. The only thing that seems to be Kak Yam, played by Adibah Noor and even Pak Atan, has hair on his head! Through the film of the Shin Jai, we come full of characters and worlds that Yasmin has introduced us. We come to learn and understand the family a little, set on the day they still live in their kampung (come back In Rabun) where Orked attended Chinese schools You wondered about the energy that exploded in Gubra. Okay, you have it from childhood!) Perennial tomboy and the family's point ball. She likes to play with boys in the game. "Masak-masak" that is irrational to girls and off-site activities, including football matches with family <br /> <br /> The arrival of a boy named Muk Khin (Mohd Syafie Naswip) Reaching the village, make good friends for Orked. Go out and do something with - ride a bike through the village, climb trees, fly kites And it is something that needs to be explored across the line between friendship and romance in a beautiful mood. <br /> <br /> Mookin has a cheeky moment that liven up the story and make him laugh because some people From the incident, we will experience ourselves and sometimes what makes us think of our childhood. In short, those scenes scream "fun"! We observe life in general Kampung where some neighbors are very cute, while others, nosy Parker and rumors spread bad gossip caused by jealousy. There are two types of family dynamics: one from neighboring neighbors and another from Mukhsin, both of which serve as sufficient sub-plans and in contrast to their own Orked. <br /> <br /> As always Yasmin's movie is filled with great music and for Mukdasin, it has something special. The song "Hujan" written by her father, as well as "Ne Me Quitte Pas", is used in the movie appropriately. Yasmin's films today have been placed around them. The same character, the beauty of it is that you can watch them as standing alone or when watching and disjointing, making the family drama interesting, dealing with separate themes and universal problems such as romantic love. Ethnicity, love and forgiveness. Fans will see many links in Mukdasin, returning to previous movies, while new audiences are curious about what they are and what they are. <br /> >> And when talking about some parts of Mukdasin, it is wide open with curiosity which might Is the style of Yasmin's style or deliberately left behind I think it is a story about childhood, remembered by memories and details that will certainly be left. And details, I feel that Mukshin has shown this perfectly without detail, and gives importance to things that can be remembered in important moments between the two. <br /> <br /> Recommended movies Another story and a rare movie that I feel that it is suitable for all ages - take your brother or sister too!
