If you want to learn something about the Spanish Civil War and about all the details and political plans, let me tell you that you chose the wrong movie. <br /> <br /> This is the vision of war as it is happening. At Majorca, a small island off the coast of Spain When this war occurred in a small island that had been a traitor, almost immediately there would be no war. The soldiers were sent to the front to fight in the mainland while the war took place at home on a small island there. Neighbors told other neighbors sometimes because of their political views, in contrast to the new regime. But many people say that because of the struggle of an old family or perhaps a quiet introvert who has no friends told by people who want to "get some points" and these things will not happen in the open air. There are real trials, but many times people wake up in the middle of the night, take them out of the house to the nearest cemetery where they are killed. And the next morning he will find the body and people will have an idea of ​​what happened But no one dares to say or do anything We do not talk about soldiers who killed people who had never seen before in life. We are talking about people who killed their neighbors and may say hello to the widow the next day and even attend a funeral for the men they killed. We are talking about a village with one or two thousand inhabitants that everyone knows everyone. <br /> <br /> I came from that small island and I heard stories that my grandparents told me and I must say that this This movie makes me sad. Oh yes. But I found it very beautiful and amazing The initial violence was not what the director or writer had done. That was what happened during the war. The boy knew that his friend's father was in a fascist team that killed his father? Completely possible Everything that happens later Possible as well Tuberculosis is also true. At that time, my island was not a holiday resort that it had become. Poor people studying and working on small farms After the war, there are moments of hardship. <br /> <br /> So you won't find war stories in this movie or at least not the war stories that you expected. No battlefield, no soldiers, no political plans. This is the most brutal war that occurs when the area is limited (just check the size of the island) when neighbors fight with neighbors when the same family members fight and they live in a place where everyone knows everyone. The story about the damage to this kind of war may cause people and stories that they have survived the damage or not. He may not <br /> <br /> I have to talk about great work. Made by writers who adapted novels and by all actors who can listen to Majorcan. Really amazing.
