(Including spoilers) This movie is the best Amicus production I've ever seen. (Although I still have a small amount to see) The house where the blood drops is a horror bus - an anthology with four strange stories related to an evil stone house tenant in the English countryside. A common mistake in this production is the loss of too much energy in the narrative that links separate stories - Peter Duffel's films wisely didn't pay too much attention. Just manage about the Scotland Yard inspectors who came to the house to investigate the disappearance of the last tenant. And as such, he learned about the strange events that happened there before. The four stories in this film are of high quality and together make them perfect health. Allowing high expectations for this film because written by Robert Bloch! Yes, Bloch alone with the author of the novel that resulted in the brilliant horror `Psycho 'milestones ?? We also marked the strong and professional launch of Peter Duffel as a director. <br /> <br /> Four stories? Chapter if you will? In the house where blood drops are a great variety in the topic, but they are (almost) cold and creepy. The number one dealt with the horror writer who came home with his wife to find inspiration for his new book. This thing started really well. But soon after, he haunted and pursued the villain in his imagination. The idea of ​​this is not the same as the original, but it is very suspicious and Climax is quite surprising. The second story Star (Hammer) Horror Legend Peter Couch is a retired commercial broker. Still haunting the image of an inaccessible and long-lost love. He bumps a wax statue that looks like her The mattress is a pleasure to observe as always and? Even though the Wax Museum Museum topic is not new, isn't it? This story looks fresh and creative overall. This chapter also has a few delightful shock moments and a tense atmosphere. It was a great warm-up for what was the best content: number 3, another legendary actor in this story, while Christopher Lee gave the impeccable image of a terrible father. He is very strict and strict with his little daughter and he makes her lonely for the outside world. Not without reason, because the little girl shows a passion for magic and voodoo. In addition to Lee's great performances and the wonderful performances of Chloe Franks as an eerie child, this story also has an excellent Gothic atmosphere! The demon lurk in this story, along with the creepy sound effects of thunder, making this a necessary thing for horror fans. The fourth and final story, in which the horror-starring actor is controlled by the vampire robes he wears, which is slightly weaker compared to tensions and slightly credible. Although there is a little room for mockery in this story as a supporter, referring to Christopher Lee, a star in the Dracula series! The most memorable element in this last chapter is the beautiful appearance of Ingrid Pitt! The queen of the `The Vampire Lovers' is one of the many highlights in this film, especially her cleavage. <br /> <br /> No doubt that? The house that Dripped Blood will be greatly appreciated by the classic horror fans. I truly believe that by preparing to make you upset, this may be one of the few movies that will make you scared and make a lot of impressions. Horror that is wise and attractive as it should be! Highly recommended One special little word: This movie may not be reproduced, regardless of any situation. "One of the drip-blooded dormitories" is an annoying and terrifying underground slasher in the 80s that has nothing to do with this movie, except the name that was stolen.
