"The House That Dripped Blood" is one of the best anthology films of that time Disappeared. Inspector Holloway (John Bennett) found that the latest sightings were in large rural mansions. While looking through the house, he was told four different stories about past residents. <br /> <br /> Good story: How to kill, move into a mysterious mansion to get peace. happiness And quiet while Charles made his latest masterpiece, Charles Horyer, a horror novelist (Denholm Elliott) and his wife Alice (Joanna Dunham) were excited about the story. After an accident and strange experiences in the house, Charles began to believe that what I had created was life and haunted him and his wife. Probably one of the best works in this movie. It's the most creepy. The atmosphere here is what makes it different. The scene that has a truly creepy character. The mystery around him is very powerful and always has a classic creep time. The classic moment is killing in the psychiatrist's office, which is the highest for every creepy time. The accumulation of it with the creaking sound of fast-moving creatures and thunder and lightning at the background works well for this person's favor. <br /> <br /> Sweets for sweetness approach. New house, John Reid, widow (Christopher Lee) hired former school teacher, Nyree Dawn Porter, to Jane Jane, his youngest daughter. (Chloe Frank) while he was away Ann gradually began to unravel the dark secrets from Jane's past, which John vehemently refused. When she learned the true nature of what had happened, it was more shocking than what she thought the most. With a scary Wright plot and the most distorted story The mystery of the family plays amazingly with a few clues here and there, and the final revelation is to completely destroy the nerves. That was the main reason why this person was effective and Lee didn't hurt it. <br /> <br /> The Bad Story (s): Wax was tortured by the memory of the lost love. He, Phillip Grayson, (Peter Cushing) and his friend Neville Rogers, (Joss Ackland) both fall in love with the statue of a woman in the wax museum while the statue lives. They discover a shocking secret about With a museum that haunts both There is clever evidence here and it is always an excuse to spend time in the wax museum which is always creepy. This is not an exception and looks creepy, which is rescued from the fluorescent light displayed on the sculpture. The dream sequence is a suspicious moment. But what makes this person kill eventually is a slow pace. It takes a long time to organize activities and spend most of the time in the exhibition. It also creates vibrations that can be seen from a mile. Slightly lower If there is a spiral change, it will get a higher score than the rest is accepted. <br /> <br /> Horror movie actor Cloak-Veteran Paul Henderson (Jon Pertwee) is upset due to lack of realism in the scene. His new movie went out and bought a new vampire coat from a special store. The cloak soon transformed him into a vampire, going crazy in the scene with Carla. (Ingrid Pitt) and other vampire actors at home. Not wearing that robe is the cause. He did everything he could to prove that it was just in his imagination. This is a fairly good evidence and there are many opportunities for some horror. But what is sinking is a number of factors. First, it's just too stupid for your own goodness. The plot that twists in the end is a perfect example that is so exaggerated that it's not shocking. There are a few scenes of fear or fear that are boring. It is the weakest point in the movie. <br /> <br /> The Final Verdict: The movie Omnibus is quite good. There are little problems that are scattered in each story. Highly recommended for those who like similar movies at that time or those who love English horror. <br /> <br /> Today's score -PG-13: Violence
