Amicus, a British manufacturer, is generally known for being an awesome poetry expert and a large bus called "The House That Dripped Blood". There is no doubt that the best production of Amicus is mine. Have seen Not yet seen though) "The House That Dripped Blood" consists of four disgusting tales that are all set in the same creepy mansion. These four stories bring to you in a fantastic Gothic atmosphere and have one of the best combinations imaginable. Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee (Couch and Lee are my two favorite actors) as well as Denholm Elliott. And Ingrid Pitt, a star in this movie - which true horror fan should miss? No one, of course, and this movie has more to offer. "The house where the blood drops" revolves around the creepy country mansion, which has four strange things. The film tells the story of four different heirs. <br /> <br /> The first story, "How to kill" The story of the horror novelist Charles Hyller (Denholm Elliott) who moved into the house. With his wife After moving in, the author feels his passion for creativity ... The first part is this wonderful film. The story is always creepy and disgusting, and the performances are all very good. <br /> <br /> In the second story, "Waxworks", a retired businessman Phillip Grayson (Peter Cushing) moves into the house. The mysterious wax museum in the nearby town ... Peter Cushing, the great man once again gives this great performance and other performances are also very good. The story is a delightful story, and the second best movie after the third story. <br /> <br /> The third story, "Sweets To The Sweet", is the most creepy and bright story in four stories. (Christopher Lee) moved with his little daughter Private teacher and nanny Mrs. Norton, which Reed hired to teach his daughter, was shocked about the strictness of the employer towards his daughter and was eager to know the reason that his father's views on parenting were raised. Probably ... the best part is to maintain an eerie atmosphere and a truly scary plan. Christopher Lee is great in his role. Nyree Dawn Porter is very good. My mentor and special praise to the 11-year-old Chloe Franks. The only ingenious part makes the movie a must-see for all horror fans. <br /> <br /> In the fourth part, Paul Horror actor Henderson (Jon Pertwee) Horror actor moving into the house - star Carla (Ingrid Pitt). This fourth story is more satirical than horror. However, it is a very amusing word and has a reference to many other horror movies. At one point, Henderson referred to Christopher Lee, who was a star in the third group earlier. .. <br /> <br /> All four groups have good humor and good atmosphere. As stated above, the third part is scary and the greatest. But the other three are still atmospheric and often have horror humor that is often difficult to see that every horror lover should appreciate Strange atmosphere, humorous, disgusting, true humanity and excellent actors make this a must-miss thing in the short term: "The house where the blood drops down" is a terrific horror chariot without people. Love of England, horror that could be missed. Highly recommended!
