I will admit that there is a bias when I examine this because it is my introduction to the series. I saw this movie for the first time in 2005, late in the night "Fear Friday" on the AMC, which often pulled such vague gems out of the cold room for the new generation. I made it a point to watch the entire series of Amicus poetry before reviewing them here to make sure I have a perspective. Looking back, I still voted my favorite home blood, followed by Tales From The Crypt and Asylum. <br /> <br /> I think all the elements that make this series attractive --- Vintage '60s /' 70s The cinematography of the style is creepy to the fascinating story and the most complete English that has been recorded in the backup song ---- come together here better. Other stories including this movie It is around the old English country house and the bad luck that happened to the inside. <br /> <br /> The first story involves a horror writer and his wife who moved in. This quiet place to stop. The city so that he can concentrate on his passion He created a murdered character named Dominic, and soon began to experience the difficulty of telling the truth. There is a physchedelia that is subtle here through his torture that I find amusing but creepy. Oh and Scary braces (Then, as an English actor again, maybe it's real !!!) <br /> <br /> The second story is the story of a lonely old man (Peter Cushing) who moved here for Escape his loneliness But it was even worse when he was haunted by the lost love It seems that he will find salvation that is possible at the local wax museum (creepy), but he seems to be better than this ... ..... <br /> <br /> The third story. To the great story Christopher Lee (My favorite British actor) as the only father who has an annoying and creepy little daughter He was careful to go into what she shouldn't do - like a spell! She has natural abilities for good reasons. Lee is a great person here. As a cold ice disciplinarian, this man is truly gifted to play a character without warmth !! But even with the greatest effort, the little criminals still learn the knowledge of the taboo and the bad things that come ... <br /> <br /> The last story is the story of the actors. The veteran, cynical veteran who feels young director He works with no qualification to capture a vampire that is appropriate to the quality of his costume and robe. So he went to an old curiosity shop in the middle of the night on a foggy night. He knew that he had actually picked up a genuine vampire coat! The placement at midnight is quite clear. By the time I received this fourth and final story, it was after 3am and I wasn't quite awake in the first try. (Not from boredom) but I experience something that I have hundreds of times, the curious bonding experience that I have with movies or music when I enter and leave sleep and movies / music become Is part of my dream !! fun!! This strange story is perfect for that, and looks more scary than the first time it was because I immediately woke up when he was breathed by the power of the cloak and didn't understand what had happened at first. Soon after, Ingrid Pitt, a lovely person in his movie set, came to visit and he warned her not to wear a robe at midnight --- but he didn't need to pay attention because she was a real vampire. The soft keyboard jingle that followed as she flew to him at the stairs was very funny !! And again in the second half asleep seems to be quite confusing! Side note: Don't forget to catch Lee and Pitt along with the amazing Amicus star Britt Ekland in the classic movie The Wicker Man (1973). <br /> <br /> The weakest point here is the involvement of the story. Various, but a classic story! According to the purpose, I will say that the third story is the best. But I like the 4th most, because it makes me smile a lot. Very recommended for horror fans. And if you're a British horror fan, it's mandatory! I think it's worth watching the series in time, if you can. The latest movie of this series, Monster Club (1980) is certainly the weakest. I think the first 3-4 movies, except for Torture Garden in normal time (1967), are the best, but if you like a particular movie, you should watch them all at least once. You may come back many times to see your favorite programs.
