Linking stories: My first look again and this is one of Amicus anthologies most popular books - and it's easy to see why, even though I know that the title is quite meaningless of the movie. How can it be misleading? I certainly chose the director Peter Duffell's imagination - Death and the Manden. (Which coincidentally is a classic piece by Schubert that was heard in this film during Peter Cushing) - moreover, much more Even though the linking equipment is not great But the episodes are very attractive and fun. The production cost came out highly respected for Duffell's budget to work with. After mixing with stylish movies that are not the same as this type of film and frankly, it makes sense to regret the fact that he wishes to keep himself away from the genre. (Although it is not typecast more than because he felt it was under him) <br /> <br /> Now for each story: <br /> <br /> "How to kill": The opening is not. There was a real surprise, but in order to do this, it was sometimes suspicious and quietly creepy (Tom Adams' 'villain' villain looks like a lost brother of Boris Carr). Lough from the Dark House [1932]); It ended with a satisfying DIABOLIQUE twist and played a rather serious role for Denholm Elliott in leadership. That is all we need from it. <br /> <br /> "Waxworks": For the second story, we are introduced to a romantic mood that is curious, which is quite strange for this type of movie; Peter Cushing and Joss Ackland each played a great role. (As well as flawless dressing) in the role of two loving lovers in women who are still obsessed with them, even for a long time and friendly competition Fate is worse than death; The hallucination of Peter Cushing is quite well done in the view of Ackland's limited resources and inexplicable inability - or reluctantly - to leave the city, rather remembering that the nobles were trapped in the house. Bunuel's EXTERMINATING ANGEL (1962)> <br /> "Sweets To The Sweet": This may be the best of all - with his vague role here, Christopher Lee still shows his versatility. Continue and he Paired by understanding Nyree Dawn Porter and Chloe Frank's innocence (which appears as Lee's daughter). The superstition of this film is both delicate and mature, resulting in a powerful and cool 'curtain'. extremly Little Note: Chloe Franks appeared when growing up in Featurette that was included on the disc and when I saw her I felt immediately familiar with her face. But can't put your finger on it Later, when reading her work, I was revealed that she was one of the leaders in the "The Mousetrap" long-term adaptation of Agatha Christie on the west side of London, where my brother and I were lucky enough to Catch We have a holiday in the summer of 2002! There is no need to say that we have no idea that she once created something delicate - and delicious - depicting the most real evil by her strange nature and the evil smile !! < br /> <br /> "The Cloak": a strange but vampires vampire story (which still can destroy the myths attached to many subgenre while inventing new things!), cinemas and capacity One of Christopher Lee himself! Jon Pertwee is astonished as a horror star that has been camped more than he bargained for when he tried to bring credibility to the temple in his work. Ingrid Pitt sent out her image beautifully, although her role was a minor part of the proceedings. Jeffrey Baydon (Made to look like Ernest Thacker) has a bit strange, memorable; The 'silent cinema' style of the ending is a story that is quite brave enough to pull the audience out. I think - and while some humor comes out of being tough as' la THE FEARLESS VAMPIRE KILLERS (1967) Or THEATER OF BLOOD (1973), it is quite infectious and ends with a high (and unusual) note! <br /> <br /> Video and audio quality is quite satisfactory, since I don't have other models to compare with; The main culprit is the print damage that is noticeable. But not as disgusting as it can affect the enjoyment of movies For something special, start with an explanation. Sound: Frankly, this is one of the best conversations about the movie genre that I remember listening to Jonathan Rigby, expressing his opinion more than usual for the moderator. But his efforts made director Peter Duffell able to experience every aspect of production. (While having other movies, you expect more! ) And as such, it is a very delightful song that certainly enhances the main feature. "A-Rated Horror Film" is a rewarding effort for Peter Duffell again in the middle of the stage. But this time, coming back with the right things, if all too short, got involved from producer Max J. Rosenberg and Chloe Franks, Ingrid Pitt and Geoffrey Bayldon. / Still images that are amazingly combined again (With contemporary reviews being something new - and welcome there)
