Four horror stories about an incident in an eerie old mansion, told by Detective Scotland Yard Holloway Holloway (John Bennett), as he explores the home of the last occupant of the blood. <br /> <br /> One Can only struggle to search for words that describe the true meaning, that is the house where the blood drops' horror poetry. Seventy, this is quite amazing in the way that movies are innocent. The vision that can stimulate a horror even the most discerning audience. The amount of violence on the screen can be counted with one hand. But the movie can still transmit cruel images and succeed in creating the most horrifying images in the audience's imagination at all times without leaving the path. Of graphics, violence In the rare feature of the seventies of horror movies, the technique of the film is flawless, from the unpredictable performances of actors with starring stars. (Peter Kuching, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt) to the great direction Received courtesy of Peter Duffell and the boss of a disgusting writer Robert Bloch (author of the novel "Psycho"). The only real complaint that could happen to? House that bloody drops 'It is quite confusing at the end of the first two parts and the predictions of the end of the picture. But even these little details cannot divert attention from Total viewing enjoyment <br /> <br /> The first group named ?? How to kill 'Tell the story of Charles Hillyer (Denholm Elliott), a horror writer who rented a creepy house while he worked with his latest novel. While working with the novel, Hillyer still begins to see characters from his story in the house. And around the house and soon began to question the difference between fiction and reality Elliott's performance in this work is truly fantastic, and his character has gotten convincing. The key in this part, like everyone else, is the mystery surrounding the events. The audience questioned whether Dominic's murder character image was just a hallucination of schizophrenia or whether the character was actually there. Duffell's direction succeeded in creating an unstable atmosphere. Along with using slow and orderly methods to create the tension and suspicion needed to make such a great impression. <br /> <br /> The following part of the house. During the journey into the city, he found the wax museum of horrors and decided to take risks. At that time he discovered the wax of a beautiful woman who seemed to be familiar with him Then the character of the mattress (Philip) will be joined by his friend Neville (Joss Ackland) who wants to visit the museum, which makes Philip shocking. In this section, the audience will receive a delicate clue no less than the mystery of the wax girl. But in general, the audience will be left in the dark. There is less tension in this particular story. But the part still succeeds in keeping the air of mystery through a particularly harsh dream sequence and the general ambiguity of Duffell's direction is excellent again, and at the moment it may be the weakest of the four stories without denial. That through creative direction and credible performances ?? Waxworks 'is still a delightful film <br /> <br /> ?? Waxworks' followed by something that I thought mighty The most in four groups? ?? Sweets' Christopher Lee is shown as John Reid, the father of a young girl who begins with a fear of mysterious fire which is soon resolved by caring for the nanny Norton (Nyree Dawn Porter). However, John seems to hide the dark secrets about the family ?? Dessert 'is the simplest and quietest of the four stories, and that's why the segment can't be appealing to the audience. Small and subtle clues throughout that segment were revealed about the truth behind the family. But it wasn't until the extremely frightening final scene that everything went in orderly place This is the best example of Duffell that uses a lot of tension and excitement to create an atmosphere that makes both movies great. Composed of an amazingly arranged soundtrack, Suite Suite is an exercise with constant fear that grabs the audience's neck and refuses to let go until the painful screams that Finally ended Personally, I believe that this short segment will make movies long, entertaining and haunted, and I will give this segment a rare 10/10. <br /> <br /> The film ends with a story around. Show that lost Originally, investigators were interested in Jon Pertwee and Ingrid Pitt played the role of two actors working in horror. Pertwee's characters were bored with the production and props of the movie, so he bought a vampire's cloak. He himself from a mysterious store However, strange things began to happen when he wore a robe and he soon began to fear the worst. This part, which put the inspector in the event, is a good way to gather great poetry. Although there is an air that cannot be cleared of the camp in this part But it is something that makes the story fun Unfortunately, there is a little bit in this segment that may be considered a scary story in every aspect and a predictable ending can do better. However, this segment has redemption properties. Those who love horror should watch out for Pertwee's short comments about Bela Lugosi and Dracula's Christopher Lee. A funny and slightly gentle approach to this last part is enough and natural to end the image, even if it Causing the film to collapse as compared to the previous example of a suspected horror movie. <br /> <br /> To summarize, the house where the blood drops 'Is one of the greatest horror movies with incredible actors, fantastic stories and par directions There is a worse way to spend one hundred minutes in your life and while fans of blood and courage will be greatly disappointed. My rating for? Blood Drop House '8/10
