Bus horror movies are popular in the seventies. I don't love myself so much But this is an incredibly wonderful part of the British horror movie The House That Dripped Blood is a horror bus that has four stories that surround an old house that is creepy in the country and has been told. Real estate agent from Yard Scotland Yard <br /> <br /> This movie has three headlines. A well-known horror movie star; Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt, which horror fans will remember as one of Lee's co-stars in the UK's greatest horror movie of all time. The Wicker Man <br /> <br /> The first part of The movie "Method For Murder" tells the story of the author of the horror story. A stranger named "Dominic" was made alive by his own imagination. This created a lot of doubt. Through his girlfriend, he and the audience led to the belief that what he saw was part of his imagination. Of course, this is not very original. But it caused a lack of initiative through the atmosphere that it created Which works incredibly well and comes as a genuine surprise. <br /> <br /> The second story, "Waxworks", Peter Cushing and the least favorite of all four This story follows the story of Phillip Grayson (the couch), a man who discovered the wax museum and decided to go inside. Inside, he discovered a woman familiar to him and who we discovered later was a murderer. What the relationship of young women with Phillip has never been explained. But the story relies on more mystery in creating doubts rather than details of the plot. After that, his friends joined Cushing Neville Rogers (played by Joss Ackland) and that was when the story began to pick up. Setting up a wax museum filled with murderers for horror movies is not a new idea. The same settings were used for great effects in the 1966 horror film, although this film is not as big as the movie. But the power of this scene has never had a horrible impact. In any way, which was achieved by the sense of fear that occurred in the limited space of the museum. Peter Cushing is always interesting and seeing him avoid the crazy ax that holds the weapon is to maintain the fans Fear this story is still entertaining and interesting enough to not disappoint this chapter. <br /> <br /> The film continues with "Sweets for the Sweet", which is without a doubt. The ultimate bus This story shows the legendary Christopher Lee as a father who seems to protect too much. The beauty of this story comes from how to play. It makes the audience guessing; We know that there is something wrong with the father or daughter. But we don't know who it is or what Christopher Lee normally shows his character as a good sinner. The audience was left to simmer with his actions about giving his daughter's doll and the fact that she was not allowed to go to school or have any toys. Why was the card of being caught close to the chest until near the end? epitomized by a truly cold line that Lee told his feast that he was really afraid of his daughter At the end of this section, play great. In my opinion, it is one of the best endings for horror stories that have been told and will be with you long after the credit ends. <br /> <br /> The bus is finished with the "cloak" which is definitely the fourth joke This story is about a horror movie star who is impressed with the technical aspects of his latest film and bought himself a cloak. Naturally, this robe became a real vampire coat. Unlike other three stories, it seems that this story will play mostly for laughs. That's not a bad thing, however, because most humor is funny and it serves as a great difference to the rest of the movie. The ending of this story is very good with the ending of the film, which is a terrible ending. But funny and very good movie In addition, be careful about the little things about Christopher Lee in Dracula. Feel good. I think <br /> <br /> Overall, if you want a horror bus, you can't go wrong with the house that is bloody. The third story alone makes this movie worth your time and this is a very stable horror movie.
