Preminger's adaptation in the film 'Saint Joan' (screenplay by Graham Greene) of G. B. Shaw received one of the most important reactions that day. It was erased by deceiving the missionaries and the audience, not responding to the film that lacked gratitude and glamor expected from the historical contest. Just as in '' Peeping Tom '', the reaction is dangerous and unfair. Preminger's adaptation of Shaw's intellectual exploration about the effects and actions around the Joan of Arc (her real name in her language is Jeanne d'Arc, but this film is in English) Faithful to the spirit of the original play True emotional level But too formal His film is the Brechtian examination of the work of internal and external divisions of various groups. Everyone wants to seize power. As such, we are not allowed to specify at the emotional level with any characters, including Joan himself. <br /> <br /> Played by Jean Seberg (whose later life has an eerie role with her role here ) She was presented as an innocent, innocent figure, whose actions and appearances revealed the damage and emptiness in every person. As such, Seberg plays both Saint and Madwoman. Experience As an actress, she created her own film. (Which is shown at the scene) indicates the freshness and youthfulness of Jeanne, revealing the fact that Jeanne Lapul is a farmer who is illiterate farmer. Her natural intelligence She did not deserve the harsh criticism that she received in the film's first release. It was a far greater performance than Ken and called for the first female actress to have no acting experience. Before Shaw and Premingers looked at Joan's optimism as a medieval feminist, dissatisfied with being a rural daughter whose fate would marry or be a prostitute who had been taken from the battlefield. Her faith, her vision, interpolated with words such as "fantasy" and "common sense" made her wear her friend's soldier's armor to lead them into battle to hunt down the English invaders from France. <Br /> <br /> It can also be said that the film attracted attention to the Dauphin court (Richard Widmark), the office of the clergy who tried to use Joan, led by Pierre Cauchon (Anton Walbrook, impeccable actor) of Earl. Of Warwick (John Jill Kut) Then, in Joan himself, a great actor (every man) shows the sly body. Machievellian (Although the story takes Niccolo's face) The opportunist who treats religion as a child toy will use and manage for their own end. The ridiculous dialogue makes the actors extremely entertaining to release John Gielgud as Earl, which has a clear reason for being intelligent. (Despite corruption) makes him able to accurately calculate which he can be confident that Joan is burnt and that the proportion of Anton Walbrook's Pierre Cauchon takes a three-dimensional image for Joan to have a fair trial. Of course it would make her feel guilty. Richard Widmark as Dauphin is a true revelation. Compared to choosing a selected character, you will find Widmark showing the weak future guardian image of France in a crazy and humorous caricature that is similar to this movie. The cartoon show that feels like the imitation of Jerry Lewis is more than the brutal French future ruler. <br /> <br /> Saint Joan 'preminger shot' in a monochrome movie shoot is Georges Perinal, who worked with Rene Clair and who '' Life and Death of Colonel Blimp '' in color, it is perfectly limited to emphasize a rational atmosphere for this film. Preminger's inclination for tracking the shock must use Vladanai is the key to the performance of this film. There is no wasted movement in his scene. <br /> <br /> It is also the direction of the most gamers as adults (and time His focus is the conflict between the people and the institutions in which they work, the working methods of the institution, and the ways in which people act according to their principles.These themes have received the most straightforward care in his films, and as always, he keeps things unpredictable and does not find black and white answers. This is one of his best and most effective movies.
