EL MAR is the most solid and excellent movie art. Director Agustí Villaronga, adapted by Antoni Aloy and Biel Mesquida from Blai Bonet's novel, created a film that depicts the profound effects of war on the minds of children and how the shipwrecks in adult life And although focusing on the evil tattoos of war against children But changing the mind to like the impact on the military and adult citizens is clear. This film became one of the best anti-war documents without using methods. pamphleteering: The result has a greater impact due to the story that is due to the march of children to adults. <br /> <br /> A small group of children in Spain's Spanish Civil War is threatened with unconsciousness. And the killing of people at night. Ramala (Nilo Mur), Tur (David Lozano), Julia (Sergi Moreno) and Francisca (Victoria Verger) witness the fear of assassination and revenge that pushed them. He killed and killed Dead These broad-eyed children became adults carrying bugs and persecution in their hearts. <br /> <br /> Then we will confront the three people who have survived into adulthood that they were detained at the factory. Tuberculosis nurses Ramala (Roger Casamajor) survived being a male prostitute, protected by his 'john' Morell (Juli Mira) and still maintaining his personal life. Tur (Bruno Bergonzini) became a gay man who was repressed. Which sex None commitment to Christianity, Catholicism and ambiguity of self-harm / Crucifixion astray Francisca (Antònia Torrens) became a nun and serve patients in the hospital. All three are reunited by their environment in the hospital and each reveals the scars from their childhood experiences. With War Tur wanting the love of Ramala, Ramala wishes to be free from His Morell and Francisca faced with her own inner needs covered by the habits of her white nuns. <br /> <br /> Hospital settings allow some graphic planes. The thread between life and death between sexual desire and love and between dedication and destruction are played out. In more detail, will destroy the impact of movies on each audience. But suffice to say that sexual involvement, graphics and full nudity are related (In some of the most incredible raw images still captured on film) all possible forms of cruelty For this audience, these scenes are of utmost importance and the director, Bikaragana, must applaud his perseverance and courage in making this story very intense. The actors, both young and old, are excellent: Roger Cassamoor, Bruno Bergonzini and Antònia Torrens, who have a difficult role. Film by Jaime Peracaula and musical scores dominated by Javier Navarrete serve the director's vision. This movie is strong. But someone suggested that those who are not afraid to face the horrors of war and the consequences In Spanish with English subtitles <br /> <br /> Grady Harp
