"Gespenster" questions that are cool in German theaters. <br /> <br /> There are a few German movies in the last ten years that have attracted me. Yes, the problem of most German movies is in the movie "Gespenster". He is in some places that have yet to be discovered. Toni's special image (Sabine Timento) is too cool. But that is always in German movies Everyone must learn this coolneß - is the realism in this movie. It's hard to understand But in this case, there are some reasons because she stole and she lied. - What kind of woman is you better than you never loved it because you lost it? Not clear for other women, Nina in this movie, she loves her - and she will lose her. But Nina lost everything She will play with soft emotions and sad feelings. There is no way - but you have to say that Herbert Akterboss has been twenty years ago. Why is it the way it goes in German movies? Nina (Julia Hammers) is not in the laws of society - outside - and there she has no chance. This film does not make every effort to get her involved. That's one of the problems - the stupidity of the meeting - the passion of the criminal case. Leave it. - Then go anywhere! But the actress played this role very difficult, very interesting On the other side - have parents - who are hijackers for two women, have cars - hotel suites - have money and live in the world with music from the opera house But this movie will be in the distance There is no explanation at all. <br /> <br /> In the middle of this movie there is only one scene that you will never forget. Both girls have been cast. And there they should say how they met In this scene, Tony will lie. She said that it was amazing - nothing about her. Then Nina would say the truth. She said that it was a recommended method. There is no exhibition there. She looked at the bottom and said what would happen here. That's a good time In the next scene of the party with red images, this feeling arises more than Toni disappears ... <br /> <br /> Okay, the movie ends - in the form of a German coolneß - garbage - at This is the circle of sadness is closing, but there is a moment - something that happens elsewhere - and this moment is important. He is more coolneß than German - and this period is rare in German cinema at this time!
