Form "Gespenster" (2005), together with "Yella" (2007) and "Jerichow" (2008), author Gespenster-trilogy of director Christian Petzold, film director Creme-De-la-creme From our German <br /> <br /> roughly "Gespenster" tells the story of a French woman whose daughter was kidnapped when she was 3 years old while her mother turned around 1 minute in Berlin - and Never had anyone Have seen before Since then, mothers continue to travel to Berlin whenever possible and search using extended-time photography for girls aged around the current age. While we heard later, the mother movie many times was confident that she had found her daughter Marie. However, this time, when she met Nina, everything was different. <br /> <br /> The film didn't bring a solution to the problem, and as long as it was disappointing. We are not ready to decide whether the mother is really crazy or not if her real daughter is alive. The most frustrating is the end. After what we saw in the movie, it was a limitation for watchers that he was left alone while the caretaker left Nina alone. A simple walk is a sign that nothing has changed. It may be the result of drama (f.ex. in "Umberto D.") but in "Gespenster" it is replaced. <br /> <br /> Since the critics There is a suggestion of Freud's motivation in this movie. Let me try it myself: why similar people do not know each other, especially not those who are similar people. This is a rather crazy question. OK from the point of view. Of Aristotelian logic as the idea of ​​the person holding Such people are people who do not share any form of determination with other people. Therefore, Aristotelian answer my question is that they do not know each other because their similarities are pure changes. Everyone who is not crazy believes that However, what happens if these similar people share other similarities which are almost impossible to change, such as The scarf on the left under the ankle or the heart-shaped mole under their right shoulder blade? This is the metaphysical context in which this film was created, although I was not sure that even the director realized that Although our Aristotelian world is modern, superstition has been preserved in the myths of people around the world that similar people share in individuality and individualism. Yes what is wrong But quite spread Such openness and similarity are believed to create a strong backbone of unreasonable - Isa. Although our extremely rational idea - the source of Gespenster, the most interesting type
