I am always amazed about how many times you will see something about World War 2 on German national television. You think they don't like to open old wounds, but there are no weeks to pass without a documentary or film about horror and the cruelty of this war. Maybe it's how to deal with their past. I don't know. But you're sure you can't blame them for ignoring what happened And it must be said: Most of these documentaries are worth watching because they have never tried to dispel the truth and the same thing can be said about their movies. (Think about "Der Untergang" or "The Downfall", maybe now) which is very realistic. <br /> <br /> One of those movies is "Rosenstrasse" It tells the true story and is related to the story of mixed marriages during the war, although the film begins with the family in the United States today After Hannah's father died, her mother immediately became an Orthodox Jew, even though she had never been a religion before. She didn't know where her mother's strange behavior came from. But when she began to dig in the problematic childhood of her mother, Hannah understood that she had little knowledge of the mother's past. <br /> <br /> The fact that This film deals with the story of a mixed marriage between the Nazi regimes that are very surprising. As far as I know, there are no other films related to this subject. (For those who do not know this: Marriage with pure Aryan men meant for many Jews that they were not immediately sent to concentration camps. But must work in the factory) but it is not only But told something about the problem of mixed marriages But also giving good ideas that these people often see their parents and relatives Sometimes the difficulties for them during the Nazi regime and how these women, most women, do everything in their power to liberate their people when they are arrested and trapped in it. For example, Rosenstrasse ... <br /> <br /> The performance was very good and the story was written very well, although the method presented at the beginning didn't really work for me. (And that is the only part that you can see the trailer) maybe it's just me But I will leave most of what happened in the present day At least in the US, because Hannah went to Berlin and talked to people who knew more about her mother's past. Of course, <br /> <br /> If you're interested in everything At There is something related to World War II and if you don't need to look for action shots more often than it is a movie you should see. This is not a movie that you will see fighting or shooting. But of course it is an interesting movie because it gives you an idea about the aspects of war that are very little known. I give 8/10.
