In the Rosenstrasse Margarethe von Trotta combines two stories to create a rug of love and courage. This film demonstrates the family drama of the feud between her mother and daughter and the story of a German woman staged a protest in the Rosenstrasse to free their Jewish husband from some elimination. In addition to adding drama to historical events, the importance of this film is to save the child from the genocide by the Germans and as a result of the child's experience in losing her mother while Ms von Trotta shows that the courage of a small number of Germans makes a difference. She doesn't use it to justify the German society. She shows how amidst torture and the elimination of wealthy artists and intellectuals of Germany's noble society, their lives and parties, regardless of suffering. <br /> <br /> Rosenstrasse opens in New York. As a The Jewish widow Ruth Venstein (Jattalampe) decided to sit on Shiva, a seven-day period of mourning that occurred after the funeral in which the Jewish family members devoted their full attention to remembrance and mourning. The deceased When her daughter Hannah (Maria Schrader) was forbidden to receive a call from her fiance, Fedja van Huet, a non-Jewish Jew, Hannah asked why her mother decided to follow the tradition. The original that she refused, when Ruth refused her cousin coldly, Hannah asked her and learned about a woman named Lena, which Ruth came to be a child when his mother was deported and abused. She was sworn to search for Lena and discovered the secret. <br /> <br /> Her mission led her to Berlin where she met Lena (Doris Schade), now ninety years old and Interviewed her in the allegation that she was a journalist who studied various aspects of the Holocaust with endless memories. Lena told her how a 33-year-old girl (Katja Reimann) was. She searched for a Jewish Jewish pianist. Fabian Israel, Martin Feifel Disappeared and is presumed to prison. The usual defense for Jews in various marriages, Lena, in a sparkling performance by Reimann, found that her husband and other Jews were taken to prison in the same factory at Rosenstrasse. <br /> <br /> Standing together on a cold night, a German woman whose husband disappeared together. Outside the building, their numbers grow every day until they reach one thousand shouting. "Let us return to our husband" Lena finds Svea Lohde, a girl whose mother is in the building. She takes care of her, protecting her from Jesse, and raising her after her mother is killed. Lena came from a German noble family and her brother, who had just returned from Stalingrad, was a Wehrmacht officer after being denied her father's help to release Fabian. She asked for help from her brother who told friends. One officer said "I know what they do with the Jews. I see it." When receiving support from her, she was brave enough to avoid the channel and go up to the point where her beauty and charm proved unable. Resistance to Minister of Culture Joseph Goebbels, well-known buck While the fictional part of the film has been criticized as a derogatory matter for female protesters, it is a historical fact that Goebbels played a very important role in making decisions that affect Rosenstrasse. <br /> <br /> Women and intelligence directors are not uncommon for political drama. She is a film director about socialist Rosa Luxembourg and Marianne and Julian, which is the story of the relationship between the two brothers, one of which turned to political violence to achieve free goals in Rosenstrasse, a movie that she worked for eight years, had to compromise by adding elements that are currently worn in order to create her movies. It works well as a tribute to Mrs. Von Trotta and the beautiful screenplay of Pamela Katz, whose father was a refugee from Leipzig. The event at Rosenstrasse featured the Germans. Which said "There is nothing we can do." Von Tratta now shows that it is true that there are some things that can be done to resist the Nazis. It's a sad story that the sample is not clear.
