I don't think many movies (Especially drama) has added memorable conversations and references, such as MOONSTRUCK. I will not explain it - you can see a list of amazing long words in this topic - but any movie that can create headings such as use prevention Copper pipes that are expensive instead of brass for water supply in memorable conversations It's not just one line that pops up and puts publishers in our memory. Restaurant waiter who regretted the planned marriage proposal because it would mean losing the old bachelor customer Or a cute old dog fancier supporting his pack to howl at the moon? Or description Perry (John Mahoney) The story of the youthful promise of female students as "Moonlight in Martini" (My Favorite Line) <br /> <br /> MOONSTRUCK is a great example of a great script, first-rate and good direction. Performer, perfect band There are other examples (The OX-BOW INCIDENT drama is another example. Cher, Olympia Dukakis, Vincent Gardenia, Nicholas Cage, John Mahoney and Danny Aiello are involved in plans and objectives that examine the nature of love and how to manage it. Is it good to have a complete love? At the end, Cher and Cage seemed to think so, but Dukakis knew that true love made the madman (and Cage received the sense of being aware of this as well when he and Cher argued outside his home after they returned. Comes from Opera La Boheme) Human infidelity is a way to avoid death thoughts. Dukakis believes that and (Oddly enough, even though he didn't fully believe it) Aiello's opportunity to reveal his infidelity - Dukakis soon realized that Gardier's strange behavior was tied to infidelity and stumbled upon Gar. Dia and his girlfriend at the theater (But Gardine stumbled upon But the opportunity caused misunderstanding: Fyodor Chaliapin stumbled upon Dukakis who walked with John Mahoney and thought she was in a relationship. <br /> <br /> There was a period Cute little time in the movie as well. Sher's observations about flowers that lead to one of the receivers She heard the argument in the liquor store and was corrected. But the best thing is the sequence of Louis Guss and Julie Bovasso as the uncle of Raymond's aunt and aunt and Rita Cappomaggi and Rita's charismatic and generous opinions towards Raymond about the effects of moonlight on him. It's the sweetest moment of the whole movie. <br /> <br /> It's close to the impeccable movie. After seeing it dozens of times in the past several years, I can find two spots that are not as smooth as they should be. When Cher was at the Cage bakery, his assistant, Chrissy (Nada Despotovich) mentioned that she had fallen in love with the cage secretly. But afraid to tell him Prior to this, she had little to Cher, which quickly replaced her. There seems to be nothing to do with this potential competitor. At the same time, the fact that Cher had forgotten to leave her uncle and the aunt's daily business profits were used for a while in the last seven minutes of the movie - but quickly dropped. There should be a falling plot line besides Cher and Vincent Gardenia, who work at the shelter of a homeless man to blame? It's a bit annoying. But I think it depends on the desire to watch this movie more because it's very good.
