The bitterness of this film has a wonderful element of romance that encourages lust! These characteristics of the ideal image that "Moonstruck" possessed stemmed from the results of a thumbs-up by all outstanding critics in Hollywood. Let me easily explain the situation of this movie. They are "yesteryear". "Moonstruck" is a film that is strong, which sparked the innocence of the old Italian neighborhood in New York City. New York City is a large melting pot that is often galvanized by many characteristics, which indicates typical New Yorkers, including many Italian Americans who live in New York as well! In the mid and late eighties, it came to a sudden conclusion with many strong associations that had various cultural patterns. The polarization of race is a deep-rooted disaster in American history that has become more prevalent for many generations before the film was created. These proclivities are still present in the present. However, they are more void and prove less! For the Italian family in the past, confusion, uncertainty, turbulence and yes, of course, all love are intimate, human beings who fully understand them! The spirit that is relative to everyone in "Moonstruck" seems to be something that understands the weakness of each person. Some people may wonder if Cher has a leading role as she is known as a singer rather than the first box office actor who first charged in the movie. However, in "Moonstruck" I think she is unbelievably suitable for her role and comes out reliably in an unbelievable situation. All the characters in "Moonstruck" are very rough around the edges. Very strong and not afraid to have a terrifying fight with difficulty. The most hilarious aspect of their lives is imperfection and they are aware of the fact that the storm's erosion is an absolutely creative goal! I think the acting in this movie is exciting. All relationships in this movie receive auspicious potential for clarification because everyone knows what the basic nature of others is! For this family, there is nothing that is attractive, nothing romantic, claiming and without any emotions (too reasonable). The truth is that everyone in this family has suffered and suffering and eternity. By the Cupid very enthusiastic and straightforward in their lives The true moon beam can have a delightful impact in solving their own problems, wearing magical masks and resistance to the proverbial mineralization. Means everything !! The main belief and compassion in this film is one of; Honest, angry Be honest Honest, distorted and emphasized The most important is; Honest and fall in love !! This is Sher's best performance as an actor !! Nicholas Cage, Danny Aiello and Olympia Dukakis are amazingly flawed in "Moonstruck". These three performances are perfect for the character's kinetic energy This film! Director Norman Jewison (famous for "Cincinnati Kid", "Thomas Crowne Affair" and most famous for "In The Heat Of The Night", which won the Academy Award for Best Picture in 1967 ) Shows a deliberate disagreement with the film! I am an Italian American (The next part) Cher is not an Italian man and for that matter, both writers and directors can't! I guess that people who are not Italian like to eat our food, they may use our culture to create great movies as well! Feeling refreshed to know that the movie can be wonderful and ends with incredible joy !! For those of you who don't like this movie, I have only one thing to say "Snap Out Of It !!" This movie "Moonstruck" is very happy. Good luck !! Eighty !! And five stars totally !! See it !!
