Loretta Castorini (Cher) is a woman in the late thirties who is a widow who lives with her parents in a duplex apartment in Brooklyn. She is engaged to marry Johnny Camarari. (Danny Iloo) A man that is more gentle than his resignation than true love. Before their wedding, they set out to visit his mother, Johnny, sick, and Loretta plays an olive leaf with his brother Ronnie, informing him of the upcoming wedding. Happened, Ronnie (Nicholas Cage) didn't forgive Johnny because of the accident which caused him to lose his hand. (And later his bride will be) but he fell because of Loretta and difficult After the hot story, Loretta with respect to Johnny tries to avoid Ronnie. But the darkness and strength of her man made her win At the same time, Loretta Rose Castorini's mother (Olympia Dukakis) not only wondered if her husband Cosmo (Vincent Gardenia) was looking for another woman. But she was admired by college professors and wondered why men pursue women. Things are complicated when Johnny comes back from Sicily to tell Loretta that they can't get married. <br /> <br /> Setting is a pure sitcom But the story written by John Patrick Shanley with a deep understanding of the Italian-American people in New York is genuine: he received the strange habits of these people, including stories and strange habits each day and himself. All the drama has a profound romance through important moments throughout the story of Loretta, a strong character from losing her husband and knowing that the opportunity to be happy She is slim, slowly appearing when a woman who was swept up by the sudden perception of love, became the heroine of La Boheme - who accepts love. Of the man with a wooden hand (In turning intelligent sex) and Chappa lived in the role and made it her own and in her own style, she exchanged her frustration with the deep and deep beauty. Ronnie is a pure fire and Nicholas Cage will show the power of masculinity as if he were sending a signal to Marlon Brando, The Castorini's and Cappomaggi's, counterbalancing the middle, both showing love for each other in two periods. Very important time: The latter, on the full moon night when Loretta and Ronny achieve their relationship - a rare scene showing love and Intimacy among the elderly - and the past during a tense time during the morning when Rose revealed openly in the words that she wanted the Cosmo to stop seeing. Lady Mona (Anita Gillette) <br /> <br / > MOONSTRUCK is not only a romantic comedy movie and a selected date only. But also testing the love and passion among normal people The ending is a tour of the emotional impact, the family situation that will exceed the momentary complications that will hold on to the tradition that will return to the immigrant day and be the one that elevates the film from being. Only the movie feels good again. Classic. MOONSTRUCK deserves an Academy Award for Best Writer, Actor and Actress and has been proven to grow over time.
