I saw the Heartland when it was first released in 1980 and I just saw it again. It's improved by the age of Heartland. It's not only for movie lovers "Indie". At the time when most American movies were less than cynical efforts to make money with CGI, fireworks and / or vulgarity, Heartland is considered a part One of American history In addition, it is a reminder that most Americans in the modern era are spoiled. We are people in the city. <br /> <br /> There's nothing in this movie that is exaggerated or a stage. No one denies Hollywood movie speeches. Actors have a real role. This feels like a "small" movie, but actually it's bigger than the billions of dollars of Hollywood movies. <br /> <br /> This movie is based on the lives of real people in years. 1910 Elinore Randall (Conchata Ferrell, who never did anything better) widow and Jerrine (Megan Folsom), a 7 year old daughter, lives in Denver. But need more opportunities She advertises her position as a housewife. This ad was answered by Clyde Stewart (Rip Torn, one of our most admired actors) who took the Scottish-born work as a widower with a farm outside Burnt Fork, Wyoming. Elinore accepted the position (Seven dollars a week!) And moved to Wyoming with her daughter She and her daughter moved into Stewart's small house on the land. The place of endless scenery where the silence is destroyed by the voices of these people and their animals only. It is guaranteed to make people feel small. All three characters have been there for a long time without seeing the human spirit again. What's worse is that Stewart became a quiet person to the point of being almost silent. "I can't talk to that man," Eleanor complained to Grandma Lander. "You should learn before the winter is better," Grandma answered Grandma (Lilia Skala), one of the two other characters who saw quickly. She came from Wyoming from Germany with her husband many years ago and worked on her farm alone. She is now a widow. Grandma is their nearest neighbor. (And a midwife) and she is still ten miles away! Other factors are Jack the hand (Barry Primus). <br /> <br /> Elinore's routine (and her employer) is one of the most endless and lagging laborers with no modern facilities and everything. To do Fixed or handmade This is the real texture of the movie: see the normal life of these owners as they struggle with nature to take life from the land. But despite the hard work and exhaustion at all times, Elinore is always looking for other opportunities. She knows that the neighborhood of Stewart has no claims. She filed a request for property. (Twelve dollars or nearly two weeks!) Means that if you live with it (And she had to be there really) and worked for ten years. She would get it done. By nature, Stewart knew what she had done. With a brutal logic, he pointed out that without money, no livestock, no credit and no assets, she had no chance of success. Then he proposed a solution: he proposed marriage Eleanor was shocked to realize that this was a real choice and accepted. <br /> <br /> We think Stewart's proposal is Purely Machiavellian - He wants free land and labor --- but we see that In fact, he really likes Eleanor and they grow together as a couple. She conceived her to work in the middle of a winter snowstorm. Clyde traveled for several hours on horseback, passing the storm ten miles to his grandmother and ten miles back to announce that Grandma was not there. This is like real life, rather than being satisfied. General Elinore has all his own children without any help. Their son is still a baby when he is sick and dies. They lost half of the livestock until the bad winter. They fought the last sequence in the movie. It should be optimistic: the origin of the Clyde calf. Call Elinore urgently to help him send the calf. Instead of being the leader before the calves are in the bottom of the presentation He and Eleanor have to pull the calf out of the vagina. No CGI, animatronics, trickery, fakery or special effects: what you see is what happens. People: Calves are born on a straw bed in a wooden barn. Ending doesn't stop, just letting the audience be dissatisfied. But after that, you admire the film as a whole, not just the ending. <br /> <br /> This patience gem gives reward, patience and kindness. It can be watched long after most of the last generation of movies have been forgotten. Long gone
