Usually I like romantic movies that are filmed and made out well. This film is a romantic (modern) movie in the 17th century Italy, but filmed in French with English subtitles. The fact that it is a period movie means that it will inevitably be slower than the movies of the present day, so it will be bored. If you can overlook reality, it's a really good movie. The scenery, costumes and movies are beautiful and the main actors and actors are very interesting in their depiction, showing the intensity of the emotions that flow through the plot. The story is like a sad love story that ended unhappy. It's easy to believe that this is the correct picture of the characters in real life. Even though I was really impressed with the main characters and the story, I decided to check the accuracy of the story and found that the main content of the story in this film is a love story that has not yet ended. <br /> <br /> In real life, Artemisia was raped by Tassi in the beginning instead of willingly submitting his progress and fascination with this film. She still has sexual relations with him just because he repeatedly promises to marry her. When they were in court, he did not accept the guilt of torture from Artemisia's torture. In fact, he tried to portray Artemisia as a woman who lacked cheerfulness and had sex that was not known enough. In the movie, his older sister testified in court that Tassi had a wife and had a sexual relationship with his sister-in-law and the character of Tassi appeared as though his sister had been accused of insulting him. The sister-in-law (although he admits to having a wife back to Florence) needs to be said in reality. In fact, far from it, Tassi is responsible for the murder of his wife, which he caused by rape. And in order to add that, Tassi has a very sexual relationship with his sister-in-law, causing her to be in the process. But all this did not have a good relationship as well again. He had raped his sister-in-law first. <br /> <br /> Now we have a clear picture of the true Tassi as a sex offender many times. What will we do in describing his image as a lover of Artemisia? We use it as an attempt to make this movie a romantic movie ... that this film has never been accurate in the past. .. Apart from these points that just mentioned other historical inaccuracies, such as the interpretation of Artemisia's art (in real life, she was never influenced by Tassi's painting style and actually She is considered a better painter than Tassi.) One thing that remains true and the fact that Artemisia Gentileschi is regarded as the first female painter in History and even though her artistic expertise will rival many of her male friends But she had trouble getting enough credit for her work because of her sex as a woman in Italy in the 17th century. <br /> <br /> Fun. This movie is my own story because it's a drama. That is quite good But using historical references to salt tablets
