A hard giallo rock from the main filmmaker of the genre Sergio Martino, a fashion from the miracle movie by Ernesto Gestaldi. When everything enters, we can go. "Ah .." This film is about the death of a husband. (In the explosion on the plane) and millions of dollars that the wife received from it There are people who are very interested in money, especially those who are women of the deceased. The wife is Lisa (Ida Galli) and the mistress claims half the money is Lara (Janine Reynaud). She says she knows that Lisa's death She arranged to receive insurance payments. Lara says that she will use her "lawyer" Sharif (Louis Bubu) to receive that money. So the movie created two suspects in the murder of Lisa, who waited in Tokyo. George Hilton plays Peter Lynch Peter works for a company that examines those who have inherited it to see if there is a collection date in a suspicious way. When his watch, Lisa is killed by a man dressed from head to toe in her black room, he is a possible suspect. He decided to conduct a little investigation himself, while helping the inspector Stratus (Luigi Pistilli) and Interpol officer Benton (Tom Fellay) on a quest to find the killer. The assassin strikes several times to eliminate anyone who revolves around a million dollars that has been confiscated by the responsible murderer Lisa. Soon, the film follows the journalist Cléo Dupont (Anita Steinberg, delicious and sweet) while she and Peter meet to have dinner that she can try and smell anything that may destroy the story. yours They soon fall in love. But it seems that everyone near Peter will be killed Soon, someone attacked Clio with the intention of killing, which pushed the investigation further into the uncharted territory. Why no one wants to hurt the journalist without the facts that will destroy the person who killed the person. <br /> <br /> This giallo is quite clever and exciting to follow. This film never lulled, which is quite amazing, since so many happenings, leaving questions about the identity of the killer. This film follows the path of the gialli with a knife due to some form that the killer has brought. (Lower neck and body) The conclusion of this film makes everything come to an end that is complex and quite satisfying. This movie has a unique camera angle. But deliver the product in terms of propelling the plot and execution of the mystery
