Sergio Martino recently impressed me with Giallo's classic 'The Strange Vice of Mrs Wardh' and an unforgettable name. 'Your vice is a locked room and has one key.' - Still This movie. The Case of the Scorpion's Tail was not mentioned as much as the name mentioned above when talking about Giallo's classic discussions - but I don't know why, because at least equally good! Dario Argento may be Giallo's 'king', but with the five movies he did - Sergio Martino is not behind. Of course. In some ways, he is even more than the Martino movie master. All have been published before the jewel in the crown of Argento, the beautiful Rosondo. So back in the early seventies - Martino was the king! The plot here follows the idea of ​​murder for profit and follows the payment of insurance for the rich. His wife inherited a value of $ 1 million and not long before someone came out to receive her blood! When she appeared, shortly thereafter, the insurance researchers and the young and attractive journalists pursuing the case <br /> <br /> The case of Scorpion's tail might not benefit from the beautiful Edwige Fenech. Together two Martino's people on the board The most famous is George Hilton, who had previously worked with Marino in The Strange Vice of Mrs Wardh and All the Colors of the Dark, as well as many other Giallos. Hilton has an excellent screen and Every time I see him in an Italian thriller Apparently why he was thrown repeatedly. The beautiful Anita Strindberg, who will be remembered by Your Vice, is Locked Room, a star next to Hilton and a great female leader like Giallo Sergio Martino. Works well on the director's chair again. With many beautiful scenes - the best scenes that take place in the bathroom with green light! The score by Bruno Nicolai (Wardh) creates greatness for the mood. But it is another script that is the driving force behind the success of Giallo Martino Ernesto Gastaldi. Four other writers of Martino have compiled exciting scripts while away from common mistakes. Giallo's unreasonable Therefore, releasing this film from the rest of the genre without reason
