Sergio Martino's The Case of the Scorpion's Tail is a magnificent Giallo game from the early 1970s in the heyday of the genre. The explosion on the plane resulted in a one million dollar guarantee for the deceased wife, but unfaithful money was seized by a black killer and a series of brutal murders. The scorpion plays a mysterious element written by the expert Giallo Ernesto Gastaldi, but in being a giallo, the murder itself is memorable and well-staged. In fact, the violence in this movie is very strong in different places - the scene with a bottle is broken into a particular graphic. Focusing on the undoubtedly violent influence of the giallo genre to move to more extremes, but as with the best films of the genre, cruelty is compensated by good scores and shooting at Look attractive Bruno Nikolai's songs are sometimes reminiscent of Ennio Morricone's cutting-edge work in The Bird with the Plumage Crystal, but it's strong in its own right. Photography is well helped by the use of foreign locations - in this case, London and Athens - where Martino manages, respectively, the Parliament and the Acropolis! There are also cameras that use some creativity as well. Using slow motion is the slowest in the scene where women run to the door. In this scene, Martino has a killer hack through the door with a knife in a way that is influenced by the Dario Argento's Crystal Plumage. Argento in Suspiria, so Martino's movies have their own influence. <br /> <br /> This is Giallo, which is good for fans of both genre and non-genre to appreciate. The performance is good and the production cost is good. (Even if the plane explosion is like, we can say that it is quite low budget!) The DVD release by NoShame is good. It has both English and Italian options which is a real bonus. However, it has a value that indicates that you sometimes need to be a quick reader to appreciate the full English subtitle option. This applies to both movies and documentaries in the supplement. This is a secondary issue. But the launch of the DVD is a worthy addition to any giallo collection.
