Sergio Martino is a great director who has been very involved in the Italian film, and as far as I have considered his Gialli from the 1970s, there are no highlights in the dramatic drama. "La Coda Dello Scorpione" aka "The Case Of The Scorpion's Tale" in 1971 is one of these impressive films that Martino is involved in the most original sub-genre of Italian horror. And Is another proof that the man is a teacher of the atmosphere My favorite movie about Martino that I've seen is still incredibly wonderful, "Your Vice Is Locked Room, and only me important" in 1972, followed by "Torso" (1973) and "The Strange Vice Mrs Wardh" (1971), all of which I like more That is a matter of purely personal taste, while "La Coda Dello Scorpione" is an equally wonderful film that is important for every Italian horror fan and general suspense. <br /> <br /> Movie Giving The tantalizing suspense from the beginning has a complex plot and catch that begins with the mysterious death of a millionaire who died in a plane crash. Insurance researcher Peter Lynch (George Hilton) was assigned to examine the situation at the insurance company, which had to pay a large sum of money to the wife of the deceased. Soon after Lynch began investigating mercilessly murdered people, which was just the beginning of the murder ... <br /> <br /> "The Scorpion's Tail The Case" is excellent. All the wonderful things Giallo needed. The movie had a remarkable skepticism. From the beginning, the score by Bruno Nicolai was excellent. George Hilton, the leading George from Giallo, regularly delivers great performance in leadership again. Sexy Anita Strindberg has a great charm in bringing women. This film includes the excellent Luigi Pistilli, one of the best films of the Italian film era in the 60s and 70s, and another great actor Alberto De Mendoza who should be familiar with any Italian film lover. one man Athens, in which most movies are actually made, is a wonderful scene for Giallo. The atmosphere is always attractive, and excellent photography and the smart scores of Bruno Nicolai make the suspect even more violent. Short story: "La Coda Dello Scorpione" is another great Giallo from Sergio Martino and is a must-see for sub-lovers! Stylish, suspense and excellent in all matters!
