I want to give the "Scorpion's Tail" award with a score of 10 out of 10. But that's probably because I think the horror movie of Italy in the 1970s is better than the nonsense that I often watch. But even though there is no special point for nostalgia But this is a true masterpiece and gets a high score for a remarkably complex story, a strange atmosphere, a blood-slaughtering sequence, and an excellent selection option. In my humble opinion, this is Sergio Martino's best giallo, and that must mean something while "The Strange Vice of Mrs. Wardh", "All Colors of the Dark", "Torso" and " Your secondary is locked. The room and only me with keys "All of which are top-level achievements as well. But this movie is just a little bit more superior, with a special interesting plot that circulates in insanely fraudulent insurance that cannot be controlled. After her husband died of an airplane explosion (!), Lisa Baumer immediately became the owner of a suspicious one million dollars and she was eager to leave the country as soon as possible. Due to the strange situation, the insurance company posed their best detective, Peter Lynch, in the case and he followed her to Greece. Lisa became the target of many assaults and the mystery of the case increased when it appeared that many people were pursuing money. I tend to be overly anxious when summarizing with the gialli because I do not want to risk having the necessary elements out of "The Case of the Scorpion's Tail". The event changes suddenly and unexpectedly before the story reaches half The way and of course I don't want to destroy this thing for you. A lot of red fish follow after, but Sergio Martino will always be successful in front of you and even if you are not 100% satisfied, it is a very stylish movie with a fantasy camera. And the great music from Bruno Nicolai. Everyone who likes giallo. Reminiscent of Edwige Fenech. Strangely, doesn't make this actor. (She performed no less than 3 Martino gialli max), but Anita Strindberg ("Lizard in a woman's skin", "Who saw her dead?") Was a worthwhile replacement for her. George Hilton, charming and reliable, has always been credible in his insurance detective role and? duh ?? Men and women deluxe If you're a fan of giallo, don't wait as long as I watch this movie !!!!
