Joan Crawford just started "A woman who works well" along with "receiving" (1930). She never tried to do that role before and critics were impressed So while other actresses wondered why their careers were founded (Because they adhere to the characters that used to be "in" a couple of years ago But now has become a story) Joan listens to the public The melancholy is here and the jazz baby, who survived the endless party Of course, if you're rich with immoral methods <br /> <br /> This movie begins with an exciting boat house party. Bonnie Jordan (Joan Crawford) is the most popular woman there - especially when she recommends everyone to swim in lingerie !!! However, when Bonnie's father suffered a heart attack due to a loss in the Bonnie stock market and her brother, Rodney (William Bakewell) realized who was their true friend. After Bob Townsend (Leicester Vale - the poor man of John Brown Mac Brown) proposed to do "the right thing" and marry her - they just spent one night. Together when Bonnie announced that Show some characters by deciding to find a job. <br /> <br /> She finds work in the newspaper and is impressed with her willingness to do well. Her co-workers are Bert Edwards and they are assigned to write about the group's internal activities. Rodney also surprised her with the news that he had a job. She is excited for him. But soon realized that it was smuggling, and he mixed up with the cold-blooded murderer Jake Luva (Clark Gable). Rodney witnessed the shooting and went to the "Six Beans" piece with the first person to him. Saw drinking at the bar - which happened to Bert Then he was forced to kill Bert and after that he went into hiding. The paper pulled out in an attempt to find Bert's killer and send Bonnie the spy as a dancer in Jake's club. (Joan dances very lively with "Accordian Joe" - much to Sylvie's disgust). The film ends with a gun fight and when Rodney is dying, Bonnie tells her story in tears. <br /> <br /> This is a great movie that Crawford and Gable gave to all of them. Natalie Moorehead, Sylvie, shared the famous "cigarette scene" with the early gable in This movie is In the early thirties, William Bakewell had a big career (he started as a teenager in the Douglas Fairbanks film in the mid-20s). His roles were numerous, although the characters were weak and innocent. In this film, he played a weak brother and was interrupted by Joan Crawford and Clark Gable, a lively newcomer. That's probably why he never starred. <br /> <br /> Received Highly recommended
