Ahista Ahista is a wonderful little one. I started to watch it, and at first I felt a bit bored since walking slowly and the main idea of ​​a man who met a lost woman was not new. But when the film began, I became increasingly involved in movies, excellent writing and charming love. The film is simple and natural, and after a while I felt that I was watching a real document about a man's life. There is one very good reason for this film to feel and be a new talent called Abhay Deol. He has a lot of confidence as a simple, kind and struggling person in Ankush. Repay and fight for a better life Throughout the story, he was presented as an ordinary prank, but was a person who helped and loved anyone like anyone who would do anything to protect his love. Deol shows all the different shades of His character, whether positive or negative, naturally and easily. <br /> <br /> The direction of Shivam Nair is very good. His image of the lives of people in the countryside is excellent. But the more impressive thing is the image of Ankush's relationship with the people that surround him, including his friends and the love that Megha is willing to do. I also like the way Nair represents. His interaction with the loud and plump mother of a friend whom he called 'khala' (Aunt). He likes to make her crazy and annoy her every time. But we see that she has a very special place in his heart and is like his mother, as evidenced by many scenes, except the remaining actors Abhay did well. But she is good and has the charm of her mother The actors playing Ankush's friends are great, just like Ankush's 'khala' actors. <br /> <br /> In addition to acting The conversation is normal. But it's great and the script is also great. That's because most, even if it's not new But never had an exaggeration or melody and had no attempt to make it look bigger than life The biggest weakness of this film is the unimaginative song of Himesh Reshammiya, which is not suitable for this movie. Ahista Ahista is a delightful and better watch for every scene. The concept may not be new. But this movie looks new and warms up as the story progresses. The ending is a sweet, sweet, bitter, sad story. But looking optimistic In short, this movie will grow with you slowly and can be attributed to wonderful writing, moving moments, charming love, realistic processes and of course the memorable performances of Abhay Deol.
