The moment of sexuality is one of Griffith's most awkward films. The character trapped in that room is prevalent throughout his work, and over time he becomes an expert in showing their powerlessness. He is more and more involved with the audience in their fear. In a closed room with a blatant name, there is one important difference to the normal plot, that is the true escape. <br /> <br /> Griffith receives the effect that boring The first is the use of his space. While a short, general biography may use a dozen or more sealed room sets, there are only two adjacent rooms. The royal court and pigeon, which is the tomb of this bar The design of the scenes in these shorts is rarely cited. But this is very important The court has a large interior with a backdrop, hinting at more depth and showing us windows and stairs. The actors enter and exit in many directions, suggesting the room is not only spacious but also free and open. On the other hand, the back wall of the pigeon is very close to the camera and the angle in it says that there is a hexagonal or octagonal shape that makes it seem more limited. <br /> <br /> The second technique shown at This is a cross-cut. Anyone who has an interest in Griffith's work may know about heavy use and development. cross-cutting To create excitement or tension Many people will know that strictly speaking is not his invention. However, what makes Griffith's crossover effective is the way he transcends opposing images, so they fill each other. The sealing room has a good example of what I mean. The image of a bricklayer who moves heavy bricks has a slow pace step by step and creates tension when the wall is higher. This movement is matched by the image of an unaware lover, Marion Leonard, tearing one flower at a time While both were aware of their situation, their growing panic was reinforced by the fiercely shot of the King slamming his sword against the wall. <br /> <br /> At this point, Griffith Also realize that Additional by introducing the third line and cross-sectional The amazing "driving for life" which was not here later became the focus of Griffith's image.
