In 1909 Griffith had directed the film for the company, a biography for about a year? Work at a rate of two or three per week? Quickly began to develop his skills as a producer, creating the 'The Sealed Room' for a short, interesting 11 minutes, an interesting gothic drama, which even floated in the land of previous horror Slight A simple story may be inspired by Edgar Allen Poe's 1846 short story "The Cask of Amontillado" and deals with the powerful king who thinks to revenge Sadistic for punishing his wife <br /> <br /> Medieval 'sealed room' begins with the king. (Arthur V. Johnson) oversees the construction of a windowless room from a pigeon that separates the idea that he and his wife (Marion Leonard) will be a completely private place. Enjoy each other's company. Clearly, he has a lot of love with her, always showing his love. This latest action is a great achievement of his love. However, unknown to his wife's king, he fell in love with a royal musician (Henry B. Walsall) during a romantic coordination once in a specially built room, wife and musician. Was discovered and the king was heartbroken and thought of a way to get revenge on an unknown couple He ordered his workers to close only one entrance door, with stones and mortar slowly descending into insanity when he laid down a new stone. <br /> <br /> D. Griffith often has clear details. And 'The Sealed Room' is an excellent first example of this. The medieval lavish costumes in the Middle Ages give a realistic feel to the movies and the interior of the castle seems reliable enough to be believed. At that time, the director was the pioneer of the method of creating doubts, and I must admit that when the film progressed, I began to focus on finding out what would happen to the unlucky young couple. In the first few minutes, Griffith limited his shot to take a long time from a still camera. (As usual at that time) but soon ?? In parallel with the ever-increasing content, he changed his editing strategy in an interesting way. Although he may not have invented the technique, Griffith is very important in making use of "cross-cutting" is popular? That is, switching between different events at the same time This doesn't just create continuity. But also increasing the level of doubt because we, as the audience, realize not only But the dreadful actions of the king only But also for the wife and musician to forget. <br /> <br /> Despite these innovations The 'sealed room' still suffers from many shortcomings in the era. This film only occurred in two rooms, with only three pictures taken from all positions, so it tends to become dull and boring all the time. The show is very exaggerated for special effects. However, at least in the case of Arthur V. Johnson, the fact that he has contributed to the growing awareness of the betrayal of the king The period that I thought was particularly effective was when both lovers tried to leave the room just to find their single doorway, replaced by a stone wall. Their panic reaction, along with the madness of the king's madness, acted very well in creating the fear that was about to happen. However, I think their oxygen supply has gone astoundingly quickly.
