After not being fortunate to sell his screenplay to the new film industry in the first decade of the 20th century, in 1908, playwright D. Griffith got a job to make him a legend: he was hired. From a biography company as a film director It wasn't like Griffith expected when he decided to enter the movie business. But he accepted this job and in less than a year he became the most successful director of Biograph with his original method of making movies. His description Many years later, he will direct "The Birth of a Nation" in 1915, a film that will revolutionize film production and make him one of the first film writers to be accepted. However, what will make him a great filmmaker can be found in many short films that he created for the biographical company during the early years of his career. "The Sealed Room" of 1909 is one of them and still Is one of the few horror films in the first decade of the 20th century. <br /> <br /> "The Sealed Room" is a story that occurred in the 16th century, where Count (Arhtur V. Johnson) created a room that No The difference in his castle It is a small room. But beautiful and very comfortable because it is used to enjoy the love and friendship of his wife, Countess (Marion Leonard) in a more personal style However, the Count does not know that his wife is absolutely dishonest as she falls in love with Minstrel (Henry B. Walsall) at the court where she has a relationship. As soon as the county was busy with their own business, the Countess called Minstrel and the couple would enjoy the new room of the count. When the Count returned, he found that she had disappeared and began to suspect, eventually finding two lovers in his room But instead of creating a scene, he likes to hide while he decides that there is a better punishment for his unfaithful wife: seal a room without a window with a lover inside. <br /> <br /> Written by the coordinator. The routine work of Griffiths Frank E. Woods "The Sealed Room" uses elements from Edgar Allan Poe, "The Cask of Amontillado" and most of Honoré De Balzac is "La Grande Breteche" to create a haunted gothic drama based on the theme of Betrayal and sadism even when The 11-minute film of the Woods story develops in a very good fit and playing well is amazing, with horror elements of the story. While Woods' heart-focused drama focuses on the characters of his counts and sadism, creating one of the best horror characters of these early ages. "The Sealed Room" is a smooth story. Easy and simple But the forests deal with darkness and plot irregularities, making the story a very entertaining movie, unlike most Griffith's melodramas. <br /> <br /> In "The Sealed Room" Griffith uses his talent. In his experiment with tension and suspicion in a different way from his usual While he played with editing to create excitement that excited the audience in this film, he focused on creating despair and horror, playing with the true feelings of claustrophobia That the original story has It is interesting how the story begins when it is one of his songs and slowly moves slowly when the horror theme begins to dominate the plot using the final cut. It is not a movie that needs to be used to trick the camera. The most striking thing in "The Sealed Room" is Griffith's talent in directing his actors because legendary filmmakers can bring the best out of his performance. With his natural style, the staginess that is the norm in his day. <br /> <br /> As usual, the actors consist of Griffith's regular collaborators, starting with Arthur V. Johnson as Count Johnson. The great room and conveys the character's truly a loving husband to a sadistic monster. His performance is not just too much expression. But actually adding realism to the character's exaggerated character As a Countess, Marion Leonard looks very good and powerful in her performance, conveying the natural charm that makes her not sympathize with betrayal. Finally, the legendary Henry B. Walsall appeared as a handsome Minstrel, and although it was one of his best performances But he was able to act with expertise and also add humor to movies While not really important to the plot, it is good to see other members of the Griffith Company in the background, such as his wife, Linda Arvidson and Mary Pickford. <br /> <br /> The masterpiece "The Sealed Room" is a remarkable exercise of correction to create suspicion and tension as Griffith had done in those days. The film has a very good scene design and while having a very low budget, Griffith's attention to detail makes it look reliable and works perfectly according to his style of governance. Changing the focus on the horror movie made it stand out in his other films of that time and Johnson's performance due to Count Sadistic made it look valuable. While Griffith will be remembered for his highly influential "Birth of a Nation", the first short film he did before it gave a good idea about the development of techniques and Style that will make him a legend. Simple but elegant. "The Sealed Room" is a fun movie to watch and is one of the few horrors of the first decade of the 20th century. 7/10
