Excellent P.O.W Adventure adapted by Eric Williams from his own book (Paperback, which is part of my father's library) that was inspired by real events It may be the first movie of it, and therefore there are many answers for ?? Not only the same rigid example, such as ALBERT, R.N (1953; Which I will look at today), COLDITZ (1955) and DANGER WITHIN (1959), but has published more details from the other side of the Atlantic, namely STALAG 17 (1953) and THE GREAT ESCAPE (1963). This therefore establishes a fairly solid foundation: British soldiers enter the German concentration camp, thinking of a plan to escape wisely, borrowing from Greek myths? Digging from beneath a horse that jumps in during exercise and a full view of arrest! In fact, this film is divided into two intricate parts: the first agreement with the process of digging a tunnel is superlative in its own escape, while the latter shows their fate outside the camp while That they tried to neutralize Sweden In general, these British films, many actors (Leo Genn), current (Anthony Steel) and up-and-coming (Peter Finch, David Tomlinson and Bill Travers), actors say what many actors, reliable characters (Anthony Dawson, Bryan Forbes, Michael Goodliffe and Walter Gotell) All three leads / escapees are Genn, Steel and Tomlinson: while the first two are together, the latter will go his own way? Only to run into other people for safety As expected, the lecture involves a lot of suspicion and excitement as well as P.O.W. sagas. The interest of women is kept to a minimum. Lee's director does not have a long career? With this and quite similar (Although there are changes in both settings and views) A LIKE ALICE (1956) His most important success ?? But of course he milked every situation in this case (Although it was reported that the delay in filming saw Lee quit his post prematurely, leaving producer Ian Dalrymple with the obligation to loose the end!) However, the special mention value was beautiful light. (Especially during the night) throughout
