This is the true story of three British soldiers escaping from the German prisoner of war (POW) Stalag Luft III during World War II. This is the same prisoner of war camp that used to be the scene for the great escape which resulted in killing 50 Gestapo officers (and later becoming a very successful movie of the same name). <br /> <br /> While others in Stalag Luft III are busy working in their three large tunnels (Known as Tom, Dick and Harry) are two British prisoners to trump up. May be placed near a mixed wire fence, reducing the distance they have to dig a tunnel from this starting point to freedom The idea of ​​creating a version of the Trojan Horse came to them as they were discussing the 'classic' effort for escape and observing certain POWs that played frogs jumping in that area. <br /> <br / > Initially consisting of one and later with two POWs hidden inside the wooden horse, can be mixed and placed in the same position near the fence every day While the POWS volunteers jumped over the horse, the escapeer was busy digging tunnels from the horse under the horse, jumping over while being close to the wire under the wire and into the forest. Details of the danger that two-thirds of the POW escaped while traveling through Germany and occupied Europe after they emerged from the POW tunnel. The three men who tried to escape from being hit at home (Escape to the base of the house successfully) Wooden Horse gives a precise and realistic feeling of tension and events of the POW jailbreak. Created with a budget less than The Great Escape, The Wooden Horse is more realistic if not more exciting than The Great Escape and never fails to get you out of your seat so that the POWs escape. <br /> <br /> The story is sharp and the show is truthful and tense enough to cause tensions throughout the film. Wooden Horse is based on the book of the same name by one of the escapeers Eric Williams and is The best POW escape ever created in the movie. Some real POWs are used in movies to recoup their existence as prisoners in Stalag Luft III. have
