Something about the 40 year old Virgin and other popular comedies of the summer. Wedding Crashers are similar. But they are two different films on some issues. Both are romantic comedy that has a crazy feeling that makes teenagers and young men in their 20s, along with the regular dating crowd, to watch movies. Both have some formulas for the story as well. But at the end of Virgin, 40 years old, I think I found that overall it's more satisfying than 'Crashers', even if anyone can guess the story of the relationship with Trish Carr and the character of Ann. How will Catherine Keith Richie be? But it is not unusual for people to understand like the Crashers and the entire character Most of the one-dimensional or unexplained people on the other, and perhaps depending on how much you specify <br /> <br /> Something that some people might enter into a 40-year-old Virgin who doesn't know Steve Carrell as Owen Wilson or Vince Vaughan. While Darren created his religious status in The Daily Show (One of my favorites at the moment) and in the small role, but has a riot role in Ann Corman and Bruce This is his first actor role. But it was not treated like a third level vehicle He and co-writer / director Judd Apatow treats Andy's character with a certain degree of sincerity, which makes the audience side by side all the way, even before he talks about his action while drawing. Those pictures again It is also difficult to walk with the hand of the landlord. This may not be more fun than Lackluster 40 days 40 nights with Josh Hartnett (as well as sexual performance) according to that title. Andy is 40 years old. Which is like a cute male friend and still has a little Pee-Wee Herman in him (Opening the credit of his apartment is hilarious as a good sign) <br /> <br /> So his friend (Among them, Paul Rudd, Romany Mancoy, Seth Rogen, a very good cartoon) Try and think of different strategies and tips to destroy Andy's curse. His cherry head says. Will get to a woman who is too drunk, he almost gets to a strange woman and almost with his own boss (Janlinch was very funny in mockumentaries) were friends (explained) but soon all this began to fade when he had a meaningful relationship with Trish, who worked across from him. While they create relationships that are not based on sex, anyone may be worried about the plot of the story. "What can he say to her?" May come into the comedy. It's not true. If there is something Carrell and the actor create it at a very high level. In practice, one and a half hours of the two hour length of the movie, there was a time when I didn't laugh, no matter how big or small. <br /> <br /> Great laughter, even though it's created for not only Any kind of ritual that has a plot of one or two little stories wandering (colleagues have their own relationship problems as well. Rudd is the most fun). Users of the cases occur because the reaction of Darren Hall and the people around him can come back with humor / charm of their own, or with the truth. Keener gives a very good performance and makes it a true spirit for their relationship (and 'Crashers' that do not like anything that doesn't make sense for the characters) for people like me who love it when Comedy can laugh from the way he looks on his face. Carrell gets a very high score here. And just like the movies of the Farrell brothers, obscene or outrageous scenes are even more ridiculous. The 'wax' scene (which was created for reality by means) and the numbering of the numbers Aquarius music at the very end of the movie (The way it came out in the first place is all the surprises that are loud.) But if you are willing to not be offended, there are many more that come from. This is one of the most fun movies of the year.
