The criticism of the EVENING movie, based on the novel by Susan Minot and adapted from the screen by Minot and Michael Cunningham, is so intense that it may cause many viewers not to try. The main criticism focuses on the fact that there is very little going on in this film about a woman who is dying because of the mistakes she made during the summer, one during her childhood that a famous actor could. Taking a very small role. For this audience, watching movies on a DVD in a quiet home has a different reaction. <br /> <br /> Ann Grant Lord (Vanessa Redgrave) is dying in the ocean and her medicine at home. And memories made her share the name of a man - 'Harris' - with her two daughters. Nina (Tony Colette) and Constance (Natasha Richardson) While her daughter sat at the bed beside the bed, Ann would be happy during the summer when she was a bridesmaid for Her best friend, Lila (Mamie Gummer) - Ann's entire marriage (Claire Danes at the age of Ann) and older brother felt that Lila had just married a man in her class instead of the boy she loved - Hae. Arden Arden (Patrick Wilson) The son of her housewife, who became a doctor, Harris, Buddy, Lila and Ann, gathered together as a series of love and love that has been kept secret to the present 50 years. Later, when Ann is dying, the elder Lila (Meryl Streep) visits Ann at the end and reveals the secret: 'Nothing is wrong - life continues.' This film is a piece of emotion. Delicate and the script of Minot and Cunningham is rich in atmosphere and delicate life lessons. Yes, there are gaps in the stories that may use additional explanations. But in order to preserve the aura of nostalgia, the words of women who are dying, 'holes' are understandable. This film not only contains Redgrave, Richardson (the true daughter of Redgrave), Collet, Gummer (the real daughter of Streep), May Ariel Streep, Claire Denes, Eileen Atkins Short dress show But very strong The setting is beautiful (movie by Gyula Pados) and the musical score is by Jan A.P. Kaczmarek that is inimitable. Lajos Koltai ("Being Julia") directs this movie judgment for yourself .... Grady Harp
