Many excellent actresses in one film act as an invitation to participate in a local cinema, so I responded correctly. Here are some words .. <br /> <br /> Vanessa Redgrave is a wonderful person, even while lying in bed. She looks very old and I don't think it can be achieved with makeup, which is good for this movie. But it's a sad story for us who come to see the movie. I think she is a little older. In the last few years, Claire Danes still welcomes her back to the film and releases the exact warmth. Mamie Gummer is similar to Merly Streep, her mother, in terms of appearance and style. Outstanding performances that I distracted with this film a couple of minutes after she came in. She is surprisingly good. However, such similarities are dangerous to work with her favor. I agree with the previous comment: Natasha Richardson has certainly done plastic work with her face. Of course, she didn't look like I remembered her from the previous movie (such as "Nell"). Both she and Toni Collette were sad that they didn't make much impression because they didn't look as reliable as the older sister. Their interaction is weak. Toni Collette is still older than her character is too old. Glenn Close and Meryl Streep have more screen time. Actually, Streep's performance is better than cameos. On the other hand, her scene has more emotional resonance than any other film. Eileen Atkins gives a warm welcome, especially in her second role as a companion in the fantasy night. Of the Redgrave characters for men, Hugh Dancy makes the movie very lively, even though he gives a wider performance than he wants. In fact, as soon as he left the story, it began to drag. It is also his credit that he manages to create the absolute necessary sense of charm like a child in the audience. In contrast, Patrick Wilson is a complete void in the center of the movie. He also has the misfortune that the script is not enough to explain why three people (A man in there) was touched by this person. The background of this story should be further developed. <br /> <br /> The film is fantastic as expected. However, the main summer house cannot convince me. It doesn't look natural on the top of the rocky hill, especially when there is grass in front. Like a little paperboard <br /> <br /> Overall, this film is a productive work with a level But the feeling that was seen earlier Timing and therefore fail to create an impact on me that I expect from tearing However, it still reminds me of the time that has passed, the expectation of life and the extent to which these things are accomplished. Should try at least on DVD. If not watching movies ...
