The evening is a beautiful story of mother's defective love. The movie breaks amazingly shot time, performs astonishingly and has an impressive script. Vanessa Redgrave played Anne Grant, a young woman who was out of life. She remembered the first mistake, lying in bed, her mind remembered and went wrong. Claire Dennes plays the lively young woman Anne, who is dying on the bed. Nina's daughter (Tony Collet) and Constance (Natasha Richardson ) Trying to decipher the true story from dementia that is discouraged Her first mistake revolved around Harris Arden. (Patrick Wilson); The man, her best friend, Lila (Mamie Gummer) is extremely loved. The daughters must be satisfied with the past of their mother and future. The actors glow in the evening. The energy in the film's overall performance may be the driver of all film production equipment. I'm glad to see Claire Danes working again, especially in this role. She is very young and lives a happy life, mistakes and regrets from Anne's first mistake. This is a real success when you know that you are playing. Women are dying in bed. When her life dominates you, you can feel the desire to break and hope that you won't do it. Some of her facial expressions obscure me a little. But overall, her performance is so bright that I am left with just the text on the side. Toni Collette still proves that you can be a powerful actress without being a top model. She plays the black sheep of the family. Slightly lost Nina discovered the tremendous strength of her mother's mistakes. Collette avoided creating a brutal, delicate character in her mother's mistakes rather than choosing a wise path to learn from her mother's mistakes. There was a great fight between Nina and Constance, her sister. Their fight reminds me of what I have with my sister all the time. Mamie Gummer, who plays Anne's best friend, is great. Her character is stuck between her heart and her social status. Although she cried and her heart broke, she remained incredibly elegant and charming. I can't wait to see her actions in the future. Vanessa Redgrave's performance is very difficult for me to explain. Her ability to make her mental state obscure without being a wacko or even a special sad story is the reason it is so powerful. The audience didn't know that she was creating the story because she was slipping or these events actually happened. Redgrave was speaking in the box both physically and mentally. The physical space and limited emotional boundaries may lessen the actors. But gave her a limitation for her. I was constantly amazed. This movie mainly focuses on women. But men in this movie aren't just jewelry. Patrick Wilson is fascinated by Harris. Not surprisingly, everyone in the movie really loves him, right? Buddy Wittenborn is the brother of Lila, who can't control Hugh Dancy, swirling Buddy out of control without having to send. Show him down the drain. Glen Close has my favorite scene in the movie. It reminds me of the famous scene from Monster's Ball. It's terrible and the jaw reduces sadness. I am most shocking. One thing that disappointed Natasha Richardson While her fighting scenes are memorable, but her most dramatic drama It would be suitable for you to take a shower. The performance before we breathe It is a good thing that she is not responsible for the image. The image of the movie is sparkling. The filmmaker Gyula Pados couldn't make the movie more colorful, so the light matched the mood and mood. The vision concept of effective and backward sequences There are many scenes that may stop printing, installing and selling as art. I admit it i cry Evening is a powerful movie. In the evening is the chicks But the chicks are really excellent. If you want to impress women with movie options, choose the evening.
