From the beginning of the book, this movie is based on me with a variety of feelings about the shooting results. I learned recently to watch movies adapted from books before reading, because I found that if I read the book before, I was inevitably disappointed in the movie. No doubt this will be true here, as in the case of the Atonement, which is probably the best adaptation of the book I have ever seen. It may not matter. <br /> <br /> I tried. To find the cause of that, and I suspect that I have to point my finger at Michael Cunningham as much as I respect him for The Hours (which I haven't read But I saw and was shocked.) I couldn't escape the feeling that he had not adapted Susan Minton's book a lot as he used the characters and the basic places. <br /> <br /> Not that I don't like movies. I really love movies, which is the reason why since I started reading the novel, I was annoyed with the whole story. I am not honest with Minton, who has enjoyed this movie so far from her work. Read it. I can understand why she struggled to adapt. Unlike the one criticizing the movie, it is not that much that some novels do not deserve to be a movie. It's like some books that can't be changed. Ms. Minton's novel works at a level that is personal and close to her main character, so within me it seems impossible for me to put it in the kingdom. physical Although many books are memories of real events But it is a memory and is separate and intangible But I feel that it's not a movie I think Ms. Minton's work is a true literary work. But can not change into a movie that is not worth it Did not represent the evening novel in a way that was more superficial because I had just gone half way But the manuscript must have a big leap in order to resemble the movie that followed. At this point, I guess I will write this because I feel that if you modify the novel, adjust it. But don't do anything other than I'm not sure whether Michael Cunningham did all the original stuff. But from what I see now, what he does comes from other people's work. We won't have time if Virginia Woolf doesn't write Mrs. Dullley, and we won't have an evening of suffering. If Susan Minton doesn't have a lot of problems in doing things that shouldn't be done at first. But it was too much to say that it would be better if Minton left himself alone because the movie was a pleasant and beautiful evening. <br /> <br / > So my confusion The feeling of infidelity and the final conclusion that in this case, the novel cannot be a movie and vice versa, and finally I am grateful to both writers who do what they do.
