This is a complex film that explores the impact of Fordist and Taylorist modes of industrial capitalism on human relations. There is a constant reference to the production of the assembly line, in which workers are treated like a backlash in the machine, supervised by the clipboard manager, controlling how much the worker left me and shot the worker (Stanley) at Meet all criteria Often on time as a hard worker, working well) but in the future that may not be identified, some people may make mistakes. <br /> <br /> This system destroys the family - Stanley must send his father to Nursing home (Where he died quickly) after Stanley lost his job Iris's daughter is a teenage mother who falls from high school to work in the factory. There is a reference to the fact that at the moment, with the reduced wages, both have to work, meaning that no one leaves the house to look after children. The husband of Iris died from illness and with many references in the film. Regarding the cost of medical treatment, viewers will have to wonder if they may live with good care and are more expensive or not. The brother-in-law of Iris was violated after another day at the unemployment office, unsuccessful when his wife yelled at him to buy beer with savings instead of allowing a face-lift and / or tooth job (even the working class that No interest) in the middle-class thinking of perfection and beauty. Buy them.) One reference to the film competition is through workers. Factory black husband in prison. (Assuming he was a black person and a black man experiencing a high proportion of detention), she said he liked her. "Making time" - Her family consists of prisoners and wage slaves. <br /> <br /> Stanley, however, still believes in human relationships and is mostly Movies outside capitalism Ford He cared for his father despite the fact that it was his father's journey of sales, which resulted in his illiteracy - he had not completely reduced the human relationship with the contract as a tool, while the brother of Ai. Ris Law, the sister of the wrong ") He did not do as Iris said to follow other people's eating habits. Rather, he used the technology and techniques of industrial production in the art and creativity of the Bauhaus. This is the dream of the early modernists and socialists of the 1920s (such as Bauhaus) - using technology to meet all basic needs. In order to have more free time for human creative work and complete human relations He is still outside of traditional sexual relations. He cooks, he cleans, he takes care of his family and he knows how to iron. On the other hand, Iris lived in the traditional male role - she was a factory worker, the main source of income for the family (extended) and she brought Stanley into the public realm which was a limitation for women. By teaching him to read and write, she gives him access to the world of knowledge and is still a male gender. <br /> <br /> Literacy here is used as a metaphor for the public realm. (Traditional men) and the system of circulation (financial, culture, vehicles) that enable participation in the public realm Without this access, Stanley was a woman - a job that opened him to cook and clean. He was excluded from general circulation, unable to participate in finances. (Can't open a bank account) in a vehicle (not getting a driver's license, can't ride a bus) and in society (he asks if he really exists or not if he can't write his name. <br /> <br /> After Learning to read, he grabbed books about car repairs, farming and spirituality (scriptures). Therefore, the word of God has a relationship that is placed on the same value plane as the book of methods. In fact, religion generally exists only occasionally - the Bible also appears on the dressing table as the camera pan to find Stanley and Iris who have sex. However, it is recognized as a moral power - Iris is clearly the character that is devoted to living "good", mentioned at the beginning of the movie that her rosary is one of the missing objects in the bag. Money <br /> <br> After reading, he will enter the system and enter the executive position with the car and house health care plan to replace the family headman, the breadwinner. Assuming he is an industrial designer, dreaming of products that want others to endure the tediousness of the assembly line to produce This ending may be the only general Hollywood movie in this film that is incompatible with everything that happened earlier. At least I wondered if it was not forced by the people. Dividing some studios And the potential impact on the bottom line. <br /> <br /> Now, as the wise know, we have moved to the capitalist system after the industry comfortably. The movie has a slight nostalgic feel as if we wanted to. Historical distance to analyze what actually happened at that time. <br /> <br /> However, we recommend at least if you want to exercise your brain. Don't care about the ending and it's close to 10 perfect.
