I love All Dogs. Go to Heaven even though I am a man. This and the land ahead of time is the best animated film that Don Bluth has done! In the film Gharlie Barkin (Burt Reynolds) received help from his friend Itchy (Dom DeLuise), freedom from the pound in New Orleans, 1939. Charlie, who is in the casino business, wants to share the same with Carface. (Vic Tayback) Carface, who is not willing to share what is equal with Charlie, pushes the car on the bridge to Charlie. Kill him! Charlie enters heaven and meets Annabelle (Melba Moore), who shows Charlie to see that his time is gone by showing a clock that stops and she explains that every dog ​​goes to heaven. Because every dog ​​is good, Charlie hides the timer on his back and switches back and he returns to the lively world with Annabelle shouting. You can't come back! Charlie reunited with Itchy again and they went to explore soon to find out that Carface not only tried to kill Charlie, he also kidnapped a little orphan girl Ann Marie (Judith Barsi) when Carface left Charlie and Itchy. Help Ann Ann escape the next day. Charlie Itchy and Ann Marie go for money! Ann Marie sees a couple that she thinks will create a good parent for her! While Ann Marie speaks to Charlie, sneaks up behind the man and steals his purse! Charlie Ann Marie and Itchy, then go to the horse race where they bet the money of the man that the horse will win the race! The horses that they say will win the wind and the winners are Charlie Itchy and Ann Marie will receive $ 1,000 for betting! Charlie promised Ann Marie that he would use the money to give to the poor. But ended up buying a new casino and gambling and buying pizza for his friend Flo (Loni Anderson) and her puppy Soon, Ann Marie discovers that Charlie stole the purse from that man and used his money to race horses and everything! Charlie is sad about this, having a dream to go to hell and the devil! Soon, Charlie woke up and found that Ann Marie was gone! She left the purse for the couple who forgave her about the purse and invited her to have breakfast! Charlie asks Ann to go out with him and she pretends to be sick. But was captured by a rat who tried to feed them to King Gator But they can escape! Soon, Carface appeared and caught Ann Marie. He plans to drown her. But Charlie comes to help and calls King Gator to eat Carface. Charlie's time ends. He must die again. Cars with the help of other dogs. Find a couple that brought Ann Marie and take them to Ann Marie. They were there in time to help Ann Marie, but too late to help Charlie at the end! Charlie, who was rewarded by his courageous efforts to help Ann Marie, be welcomed back to heaven. But before he entered, he said goodbye to Ann Marie, who was both adopted and asked her to take care of Itchy. She said yes and told Charlie that she loved him and bye! Charlie enters heaven again because it says All Dogs Go to Heaven! Full of animation, characters and great stories like Don Bluth proving to us that he is a good animator! It's terrible that this movie was released the same year as Little Mermaid, which is my favorite Disney movie! They both came out in 1989, the year before I was born! I guess I have to call them both the best animation features of 1989! 10 out of 10!
