First of all, 'St Ives' movie is quite based on the story of Robert Louis Stevenson of the same name. But only once, this is not a criticism The original novel is an unfinished work on the death of the author and in an independent refinement and makes the filmmaker's end to bring the beloved character different from Stevenson's original. Sure to be enchanted and amused by him. <br /> <br /> It was 1813: Capitaine Jacques de Kéroual de Saint-Yves was an orphaned Breton nobleman of the revolutionary guillotine. Tiger in Napoleon's army We met him outside the evening, claiming that since the dead tiger was 30 "guardian", he at the age of 34 is now "borrowing time"! Of course, as he faced many challenges in our good-looking hero duel, it seemed to be in danger. But the prank of the Colonel puts him out of the duel and into the bed of a beautiful prostitute / singer. Unfortunately, it resulted in the loss of his commission ... additional mistakes resulted in him being taken prisoner by the British and sent to a prisoner of war camp in the Scottish castle. <br /> <br /> While carving toys and Jacques boxes Attracting the attention of Flora, the granddaughter of Miss Susan Gilch, a young woman who travels the world living in the Swanston hut. They fell in love and most of the stories associated with Flora helped Jacques escape and find his old grandfather. Of course there are problems. The brother of Jacques La, who has a formidable alcoholic mixture, can be understood - far from pleased when Grandpa makes him upset in front of all the households as soon as Jacques shows up ... Q betrayed! There is also a fun sub-plan of romance between Major Farquhar Chevening and the kind but A hearted Susan, who travels through the Ottoman Empire, mostly and is a prisoner of the Turks. <br /> <br /> Despite Allowing natural prejudice in any movie that the heroine shared my surname 'Saint Ives' into magic! Is a combination of fighting with sword sword, flying balloon, funny and romantic adventure I would recommend it to everyone who loves 'Movies that they don't do anymore' - Fairbanks, Colman, Flynn, & co. The performance is excellent. Anna Friel makes Flora a lively and attractive heroine and Jean-Marc Barr is happy as Jacques. Which is a truly cute hero Miranda Richardson and Richard E. Grant is my great favorite and has a lot of fun as Susan and Farhah, whose relationship goes in a different way than cartoons. Jason Isaacs shows while he is planning But in the end, it was sad when he starred in 'The Patriot'. Recently, he has a classic style of dressing in addition to a good looking image! Please, please allow someone to cast him as a hero in this style !!! In the book, the castle in which Jacques is a prisoner is clearly Edinburgh. But this film was filmed in Ireland, Germany and France. There is a 'Highland' setting, making the names of places like Swanston, Inveresk and Queensferry absolutely inconsistent. The costume is really hot pot since the 1780s until the era that has been set up. Although this is unlikely that the characters in the market that "do" seem to be strange for women who are wearing roles such as the heroine wearing a dress in the 1780s. In 1813, it was clear that the costum's decision was æsthetic: style. before There is a lot of charm, glamor and elegance than fashion regency and they work in the ideal world of movies. In total, 'St Ives' is 90 minutes of pure happiness.
