Like his brother Claude Sautet and Jean-Pierre Melville, Alain Corneau began cutting his teeth in a French cinema with a series of thriller: "la Menace" (1977) and "Série Noire" (1979) amid Others "Police Python 357" is a good example of how Corneau felt and photographed his work during his career. They have excellent movie filming, diligent movie performances and sophisticated governance for the benefit of performance. <br /> <br /> Police director Ferrot (Yves Montand) is a policeman with an unusual approach that Usually work alone He was acquainted with a young woman, Sylvia Léopardi (Stefania Sandrelli), a young woman, and became her lover while ignoring that she had another lover: his head, Ganay (FrançoisPérier) when the latter learned him. Ferrot must investigate all the murders and clues against him ... <br /> <br /> Everyone thinks that this faraway story is not excluded from the shortcomings and sometimes We can look through But the magnificent style of Corneau helps you imagine the dark atmosphere. The first part of this movie before the night may seem unattractive and, however, it is important for things to follow in the important moments. Corneau comes back to heal with stillness with a rather sparse and short appearance. By secondary characters and secondary characters, which the audience will see again during the investigation In spite of his disadvantages, Corneau and Daniel Boulanger, the playwright, wrote Ménard (Mathieu Carrière), which sometimes expresses his surprise because Ferrot kept a relatively low profile during the investigation. But his chief knows that he will always work alone. In fact, Ferrot must, if rigid tricks, to clone water and to rid himself of Finally, the main idea of ​​the movie Ferrot, he was a policeman who gradually lost his identity and found himself in the heart of a horrific discharge. It was a good time when he threw acid on his face so that the witness couldn't recognize him when he was brought to face them. <br /> <br /> The backdrop of this thriller Orléans was Improved effectively by Corneau's camera and helped inspire this creepy thriller with a terrifying charm.
