This drama is different from Sex and the City, where women have drinks and share their sexual encounters. It is more personal and people can relate to it. It is engaging and emotional at a new level rather than other drama that focuses on women and life, such as "Sex and the City, Lipstick Jungle ...." <br /> <br /> Dr. Katie Roden is Psychology with dark secrets, it seems that she feels depressed and feels more guilty than her 3 friends. She is dealing with the death of her former lover, who is her patient while fighting the progress of her son. His and her Her gray clothes and empty and cold homes deliver her inner emotions. <br /> <br /> Trudi Malloy, a widow, is fighting the "release" of a husband who died from 9/11 and When a handsome stranger, Richard shows interest in her, she is forced to perform a fact check from her friends, which suggests that she go back to dating business. A funny and terrifying scene between Richard and True Dee is totally funny! It is interesting to note that Richard asked her to leave the day when she received millions from the 9/11 board for the death of her husband .. See what his intent was. Siobhan Dillon, the lawyer was bored. Her husband's love for strategy, which involves "making children" (while they are having trouble getting pregnant) and she falls in love with her colleagues who offer his "service" too willingly and She didn't hesitate for a long time! Interested to see if she will connect or continue with her husband (played by Raza Jeffrey). Jessica, a real estate business woman, is single and straightforward until she organizes a lesbian wedding and has relationships with people. Any one Her character is shown to be a brave and provocative woman, before she meets a lesbian to have sex with "A married man" her colleague Let's see where your character goes ... <br /> <br /> The beauty of this drama is that we show 4 completely different women with different situations that are ambitious. And inhibition appeared It's a good thing that this drama reveals the fact that sometimes friends lie to make "safe"!
