Knowing what to expect (from the overview) from the Denzel Washington performance - quality, integrity, gratitude and humor - will prepare you for what is expected of his director's debut. As with Robert Bronne's A Bronx Tale, Antwone Fisher presents the drama that moves the lives of young men and the impact of the most important person in his life in A Bronx. Tale De Niro plays one person. These are important to the main character. (The character himself was born to play But too old, Washington has a similar role in this story as a father and character board. That seems like he should be played by Washington from 20 years ago. Thank you Washington, who is too old to play Antwone because if he has, we will be excluded from the great performances and cleverly intelligent performances he As a naval advisor However, what is more important is that we will not see greatness. We can only hope that the stars will change from Derek Luke in the title role. The character is inevitable in the form of Washington. However, you get the impression, not just because Washington directed it, not that Luke tried to imitate him. But Luke was powerful and thought to stimulate actors like Washington It took too long for Washington to receive the Academy Award he deserves for Malcolm X, Philadelphia, Devil In A Blue Dress and The Hurricane. We hope Luke doesn't have to wait long. And the best actor selection is Joy Bryant as Cheryl Fisher's girlfriend, while this part may be a memorable contribution or 'Bryant', the standard of a girl's life. The gentle and intelligent role is superior to Bryant's residence, and she makes that role important and interesting. Not hurt that Bryant may be the most attractive woman you will see in celluloid this year - the only smile can melt the coldest heart. The ability and appearance - why this woman didn't do everything now Providing good support in the minor role in Salli Richardson as Berta, Washington's wife. Speaking quietly or watching more than many Hollywood stars can manage in the whole movie that she told the audience all the stories before the show. For Washington's direction, as I said, it is equivalent to directing his performance. Bring the story of a few spectators to hear and make it truly interesting, a difficult song that Washington achieved with self-confidence. This movie is not hasty or flashy. But never felt slow or boring It has been measured and optimized, creating a perfect balance of humor and drama. Antwone Fisher may not let you down if you like a big, explosive Hollywood movie. But for those who like a masterpiece with exquisite craftsmanship and excellent performances and a solid direction for you
