This movie, which is based on the true story, comes from the director, the director for the first time and is a longtime actor. Denzel Washington Denzel Washington gave us the best performances during the past decade as a black soldier in the Civil War and has a lawyer in Philadelphia. And of course, he created bad behavior last year when he won the Academy Award for Best Actor on the Training Day, which Denzel Washington became the first African American to receive an award. Best actor. I guess Denzel wants a change in rhythm, so he chose to direct Antwone Fisher, which he was a star. Fisher, played by Derek Luke, who is new to the silver screen But appeared as a guest on a television show like the King of Queens and he will appear in the upcoming movie of Biker Boyz. <br /> <br /> This is a very good movie from Denzel Washington. Considering that it was the first time he directed There is no doubt that Denzel is bound and convinced in the real-life story of Antwone Fisher. Antwone Fisher is about a young African-American man in the navy who fought all the time and after a particular fight he was sent. Meet a marine psychiatrist named Jerome Davenport, played by Denzel Washington. The book table helps Antwone deal with his difficult past and learns to move forward with his life by finding a biological mother who must stop with him from birth because she is in prison. What makes this movie good is the fact that it is not too interesting. I expect more things like Good Will Hunting with swearing, fighting and rudeness. It's not that I don't like Good Will Hunting or the oath, fight and vulgarity of this movie going on. Quite the contrary! However, Antwone Fisher is true, and I don't think Washington wants to create excitement for stories that have a huge impact on movies. Do not understand me wrong. There are many times when we see Antwone's struggle going on and there are times when the world seems to come near to him. After all, in his first session with his psychiatrist, a character played by Washington, Devenport asked Fisher, where he was born, and Fisher's response was `From under the rock 'The jab is obvious. But I have to appreciate the fact that this film doesn't get the excitement for theatrical performance. I think it shows the true character of Denzel Washington in order to deliver a more realistic story and to avoid the old ideas that are common in Hollywood movies. Another issue that I want to bring about Antwone Fisher is acting. Overall, the performance is very good in movies. But not very good Sometimes I think it's quite clear that the main character is an actor. But overall, complaining about acting in this movie will be ridiculous. One actress I would like to point out in this film is Viola Davis. She plays Antwone's mother, but she says that the two sentences are almost none of the movies. But not so much because she appeared at the end of this film But because she was so shocked that her long lost son What I want to point out about her as an actor when she is inactive In general, she is a character actor and I didn't see her acting really complex. She appeared in traffic outside Kate and Leopold and the last two films: Far From Heaven and Solaris. In creating Steven Soderberg's Solaris, she plays a scientist about the spacecraft anymore orbiting. Around the planet In this film, she must confront George Clooney's character and cause her to cry with what Clooney told her in some scenes. When I saw Solaris for the first time, I remember seeing her tears in the scenes and thoughts. Wow, this girl can do the job. As if you felt the sadness of the characters In a short time on her face, she was very expressive, and I was very sorry for the sadness and problems of the characters in the movie. I think she has a clear potential as an actor and should use it more often in the lead role than just a character-driven character. However, Antwone Fisher is a very good movie. Denzel Washington, for example, has pulled out a great performance and he has launched a great acting directing for us. In addition, Derek Luke is a very talented actor. I think Antwone Fisher will bring his great reputation for describing people who have problems. But I think his public popularity will increase when the Biker Boyz is launched, which is Lawrence Fishburn. Antwone Fisher is located on the book. `Finding fish: Memories' by Antwone Quenton Fisher ***
