"And the time comes when the risk remains in the more painful, risky eyes" - Anais Nin Marcel Proust said, "The true discovery of the discovery lies in not seeing the new scenery. With a new eye, "author and screenwriter Antwone Fisher joined the US Navy to see the new landscape. But his past demons made him unable to see the world through new eyes Based on his autobiography, "Find the Fish", written several years after the event, his story is a play in the film Antwone Fisher, the first attempt of Denzel Washington. It is a sincerity if viewed step by step in the painful process of being used by people in the past to live at the present time. <br /> <br /> Need to join therapy after the explosion. Of anger at The painful base of his childhood appears in the past as he grows up. Antwone (Derek Luke) recounts his life in a meeting with a psychiatrist, Jerome Davenport. (Denzel Washington) He was the first person who didn't want to speak. But when he started the floodgate opened After his father was shot and killed by his girlfriend and his mother, abandoned after being released from Antwone, he was imprisoned in a foster home where he lived for fourteen years, suffering shame and sexual abuse. From Stefan Antwone, treatment by the godmother Mrs. Tate (Novella Nelson) who called him "Damn" and his cousin Nadine (Yolonda Ross). Actually, even worse than appearing on the screen. <br /> <br /> The only friend who He has a local person named Jesse. (Jassa Washington), which later in the film, has only increased his sense of neglect. It's hard to create a movie around a psychiatric meeting. But it was successful in ordinary people and Good Will Hunting with great interest But it was successful here because of the outstanding performances of Washington and Luke, although the movie tried to compress eleven Years in a few months seem too easy. However, humanity and Davenport's warmth make Fisher feel safe enough to talk about his difficult past and Cheryl. (Joy Bryant) His new girlfriend, who is in the Navy, supports him in the fight to achieve progress. <br /> <p> With the help of Cheryl and the consultation of Dr. . Davenport Antwone has developed enough self-esteem to return to Cleveland and begin a journey to find his mother to make the past successful. In the past, Derek Luke's amazing performance was Anvone's desire to accept the sad drama in the beginning of the film in which he was a guest of honor. The party is full of people who love him. Comedian Mort Sahl once said "People have to remember what we are all here to find our way home ..." Antwone Fisher not only touched the desire of a young boy to find his way home. But reach everyone Those who cry to sleep do not know the love that has been loved.
