Written and directed by Steve Gordon. Playing time: 97 minutes. Classified PG. <br /> <br /> It's a quintessential comedy of the decade. It won the Sir John Gielgud Award Academy. It is also featured in VH1's "I Love the 80's" and it looks good today as it did. At first, Arthur is a classic comedian with a reputation for riches. Drunken (Expressed with enthusiasm and ingenuity by Dudley Moore in the Oscar-nominated performance) which had to choose between the woman he loved and the life he was familiar with While the basic plot is a big cliche But there is nothing repetitive about the perfect combination of clever and funny hilarious dialogue Arthur Bach has nothing more than fraud. But you can't help but like him Especially when he sent a chapter like "You don't want you to be me or not, I know I do!" He is the person who separates the hero from the movie God: unlike the richest characters we see on the screen, he is not ashamed to be a person. pornographic In one scene, a man asked him "How do you feel with all this money?" "Feeling good." Moore gave special abilities and charm to the characters that his audience didn't like. And Gielgud was perfect as a servant who was arrogant with his boss with great determination despite the fact that The fact that his salary depends on him Arthur is one of those films that don't try to be great or especially wonderful. It's natural. The screenplay - which has been nodded by the academy is full of loud laughing dialogue. When combined with a large number of poker friends, you will talk endlessly about each other. It also looks at its characters with sincere attention. There are many actors who try to dip into the drama by including the death or illness of the main star (including Grumpy Old Men), but only a handful of people can carry it out because we don't care. When this movie makes a suspicious decision to get rid of the butler, it actually works because we really like these people. Why did you see Arthur? The answer is simple: because it is all around happiness and not guilty. During the movie being more violent, Arthur reminds us how to feel like going to the movies and having a good time. <br /> <br /> **** - Classic
