1928 was many years that "strayed" in movies, as well as the best movies of the era of silence that were created in all sorts of incoming sounds and - while receiving many profits at the box office - Is creating the art of filmmaking dating back about five years while the film industry is trying With new technology <br /> <br /> "Show people" is one of the best silent comedies. This film shows that William Haines has more comic skills than his usual formula for a terrifying person who turns everyone to learn his lesson and redeem himself by winning a football game. Polo games, etc. This movie is also shown. To show that Marion Davies was not Susan Alexander Kane She has intuition and time in a great cartoon. This film begins with the adventures of Beverly Hillbillies of Peggy Pepper (Marion Davies) and her father, General Pepper. The fresh old Marmaduke Oldfish Pepper from the old Southern General Pepper has decided that he will give the studio executives. The lucky movie hired his daughter as an actor. While in the office of the delegation, Peppers ran into Billy Boone (William Haines), a comedian, slapped. He received a Peggy show. She was unhappy when she realized that it was hurt, but she was patient. Eventually she was discovered by a large studio and she and Billy were part as she began to play the drama. Soon, a new fame was found in her head and she was about to lose her and was given the position when she decided to marry her new leader, whom she didn't really love except the fate would come. Interfering> <br /> One of the things that MGM has often done in the silent era movies and in the early film era is the picture showing how to make movies in MGM around 1930. This movie As one of them, we made Charlie Chaplin try to get Peggy's signature. The abundance of MGM players of that era included director King Vidor himself and even the pendant of Marion Davies that Peggy saw Marion Davies when Marion Davies arrived. Working a lot Peggy makes a grimace and says she doesn't care about her. True happiness from beginning to end. This is the silence that is worth your time. This is one of the movies I recommend that you use to guide people to know the art of cinemas quietly because it's very easy to access.
