The 1981 comedy still sparked the joint efforts of writer / director Steve Gordon and actor Dudley Moore and John Gielgud. Sadly, Gordon, in his early forties, died shortly. After completing this, his only feature film It was an unfortunate loss, especially because he showed a really handsome character in a character-driven character that made the film both irresistible. It can be played almost like a comedy-style comedy ball game in the 1930s. The plot focuses on Arthur Bach, a playboy, a drunken millionaire who is at risk of losing a $ 750 million heritage if he is not married to Susan Johnson, the heir chosen by Father Silver. Old and cranky. Of course, he didn't love her and accidentally ran into Linda Marolla, a servant-level servant. (And of course being the preferred actress) after choosing Bergdorf Goodman for her father. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Standard complications occur. But in the most intriguing way, when there was an alcohol injury that was filled with alcohol, which was performed by the classic élan by Moore The fact that he created a disgusting character that is credited not only But with his comedic ability only It is the type of role that he can play in his sleep, but Gielgud makes Hobson a truly memorable character, whose fate in this film brings great pain to the prosecution. In her most favorite screenplay, Liza Minnelli gave a picture to her male actor by reducing the character's interest and making Linda an inspiration for her. <br /> <br / > Previous Story - LA Law "Jill Aikenbury plays Susan at the aggressive and funny notes as Barney Martin (Jerry's father in "File") steals every scene of him as Linda's father Ralph. One thing that flew into the cream was Geraldine Fitzgerald, an experienced actress who had exceeded the grandmother's aberration. And I must admit that I still can stand when the Christopher Cross song that is beyond the original, which defeats the Oscar in the best song of that year, inevitably Unfortunately, the 1997 DVDs require a new master, with no additional costs to note, except for photos and some production records.
