I've seen Marion Davies in two movies and don't understand her appeal. She couldn't dance for peanuts. She didn't try to sing and for her performance - she looked dazed, but I didn't see her quiet comedies and the film was wonderful. Instead of mimicking her own image as suggested here for me, it seems like a satire with Gloria Swanson, who started in the comedies, slapped to the image of a woman with a high temper and end. Marion's leading marriage imitator mimics the funny rabbit whenever she wants to be seen as grand. That's where Gloria Swanson is !!! !!! Colonel Pepper ( Dell Henderson) was driving Throughout Georgia reached Hollywood, determined to prove that his daughter, Peggy. (Marion Davies) will be the greatest star of all time Their hopes are diminished and they go down to their last 40 cents when they meet Billy Boone. (William Haines) who works in a slapstick studio and promises to get Peggy's job. Peggy thought she would be a great actor. But the studio thought she was a great cartoon They convince her to create a movie and in the preview she is very successful. Charlie Chaplin asks for her signature. But she couldn't remember him and treated him rudely "Who is the shortest little person" - when you know she is fainted !!! Peggy and Billy received a phone call from High Art Studio, but only Peggy wanted it and she immediately traveled. There is a funny scene in which she sees a star that she doesn't think much - as Marion Davies !!! <br /> <br /> Finally, you have the opportunity to be a drama actor - but you can't cry! !! It was a hilarious scene where the director tried everything to make her cry and when he succeeded she couldn't stop !!! Andre (Polly), her new top man, convinces her to forget about her past jokes and become elites and sophisticated - she also uses a new name - Patricia Pepoire! !! She seems to have forgotten Billy and her father - she has developed a "STAR" personality !!! When the slapstick studio chose the same place as "Patricia's", Billy was excited to see her. But rather not ready for a fool's attitude When she called him a cheap clown, he realized that she was not a woman he had ever known. <br /> <br /> After lunch at the studio (The magnificent panning image of the greatest star of the day) "Patricia" received a call from the boss. It seems that her movie is a flop and there is no theater that wants to book them - the audience is bored with her attitude and wants Peggy to come back. She and Andre decided to get married. She dreamed of becoming a Countess. (Although Billy said that Andre had served spaghetti in a small cafe in the city and had nothing to count more than him) on her wedding day, Billy was examined and after a rowing fight Hilarious custard. She realizes that Billy is one for you. <br /> <br /> It's wonderful to see all the guest stars - John Gilbert saw the MGM door Lew Cody talking to Elinor Glynn. Which not only wrote "it" but also As with many lively love stories that have been made into the MGM movie, William Haines, another actor whose movies I want to see all along, are great, especially in the cafeteria scene. Funny moments Harry Gribbon is a cheerful person as a comedy director - there are many hilarious scenes in this movie and Marion is on top of them all - I gave this movie 10 of 10. <br /> <br /> high Very recommended
