I'm happy with the screening of "The Big Bad Swim" at the 2006 London Film Festival last week. The festival focuses on the best independent films and not some important films from the past year. It was my assumption that "The Big Bad Swim" was chosen to be screened at this festival for the simple reason that it was shot in and around East Connecticut. However, as the credit began to spin, I can think of "The Big Bad Swim" as good as compared to others that stand out during the festival. Followed by my list followed by "The Puffy Chair", "Who Killed The Electric Car" and "Transamerica" ​​<br /> <br /> "The Big Bad Swim" is a game that is honest and frequent. Times - See the humor that students, swimmers, educators, many adults and their favorite and troubled instructors have a depth that I have never seen on the screen for a while. The development of integrated characters and plot stories from something ridiculous because adult swimming lessons work in a profound and intriguing way that I feel refreshed. The plot doesn't beat you overhead with direction; Would rather create and grow naturally with the right rhythm I've never been bored. I've never been cringed. I've never stepped out of the story on the screen. <br /> <br /> The humor of this movie is something like "Napoleon Dynamite" with "Old School" acting. From a group of unknown actors, quite convincing and their conversations never look awkward Obviously not producing millions of cameras that are not inspiring and clear. But is enough and well done for the budget Lighting techniques and filming The scenes filmed in the striptease club are especially eye-catching, especially because they have more realistic methods than similar scenes found in "close." I also find underwater photography. The class from the waist down seems to be a picture of the character as much as the image from the shoulders. <br /> <br /> I'm sure it is repeated over and over again. In the independent film industry But I must say: If "The Big Bad Swim" is not selected for certain types of sales, I will be very disappointed. "The Big Bad Swim" needs to be seen. If you have the opportunity to watch this movie, look at it! Disappointment is impossible!
