Sunday 16 July, 20:00, Castro, San Francisco <br /> <br /> "As the Colonel under your makeup is Indiana" <br /> < br /> Gossip that Hollywood can handle More than a little clone in the direction of Marion Davies over the years. That she has a reputation, sent to her and not deserved, often guessing Considering the disgusting drama that she is being driven often, this criticism seems to have some reason. However, as a comedian, her star shines greatly. Out of a light and comedic actor's career, she may be one of Mabel Normand's best outings: Show Show's King People (1928), which survived and is widely known because of MGM. Full of stars This happy coincidence, not intended to help one of the best works of both stars, is Davies and William Hensjo, the famous college like Joseph. There are rumors that it shows that people are based on the life of Gloria Swanson, who began in the comedy of Sennett and rose to the big drama. (And don't think she won't spend the rest of her life reminding everyone!) With von Stroheim, Walsh and DeMille. Incidentally, the funny studio used in this film is the original Keystone that had been abandoned the previous year. (Think of someone working there!) Colonel Marmaduke Oldfish Pepper (Dell Henderson) drives Peggy (Davies) daughter from Georgia to Hollywood to perform in the movie. These two countries are unsuspecting fodder for Billy Boone (Haines), "Custard Pie Artist?" That came down on their cafeteria table in an extremely funny entrance. (Look at the noodles) and help Peggy land as part of his next image. What she thought was a high drama became a ball But the job is a job, and Billy convinces her ".. All the stars must embark on the chin?" On the Billy and Peggy preview page. .. Charlie Chaplin, who requested her signature! She pushed a little friend away and Billy was horrified to pick up the book. Chaplin climbed into his car and Billy told Peggy that she just refused. She was faint. It's very funny when considering the character Davies shouldn't remember this guy! Soon, Peggy moved to work at High Art Studios, renamed 'Patricia Pepoire' and left Billy behind. Davies sent a great actress seriously, accompanied by swaying lashes and flaky lips. Vidor threw a parade of stars eating lunch with a long gun (and they all sat side by side, facing towards Camera!) Which includes Polly Moran (Who is a funny joke, playing Davies' housekeeper) Louella Parsons, friendly vampires), Estelle Taylor, Claire Windsor, Eileen Pringle, Carl Denmark's funny partner (With his arm with a sling) and George K. Arthur (Pretending that he stole silverware), Leatrice Joy Adoree, Rod (eating and smoking) La Rocque, Murray's mother, John (in the cloak) Gilbert (who also appeared in driving through the MGM door early on Image), Norma (eeeww!) Talmadge (look bad and normal as usual) and Patricia dressed up like Marie Antoinette, separated between Douglas Fairbanks (As he juggled) and William S. Hart (Protecting her from Doug) Billy runs into the High Art crew when the comedy band interrupts their filming. Vidor is still working on the final scene as Peggy's current production director. To watch is Harry Gribbon as director of comedy parody Eddie Sedgwick Sidney Bracy. As a drama director, Peggy can't cry for her screen test and can't stop her when she does, and Paul Rall i As Andre, she has an interesting love and a hilarious fake When her character tries to 'act' as if Davies is enjoying all the horrific drama, she is forced to do it and she makes it out. <br /> <br /> As it shows See that Ten years is good, so it's still a very fun example of quality work from MGM, Irving Thalberg and the great wealth of talent gathered. Things that are a shame are lost. In addition, there are many great movie trailers such as The Patsy (1928), Vidor and Davor's highly successful comedy from the previous year. That same year
