I had the opportunity to watch this movie twice at the 2006 Motion Picture Festival in Birmingham, Alabama. I enjoyed it so much that I watched it a second time when they were screened again. <br /> <br /> When I think of movies that are shown at the festival, I often expect them to be frustrated. And irregular With the feeling of a complicated student project There is nothing wrong with this type of project, and I enjoy the unique style of independent movies. But sometimes I want to see a more important way for creating independent movies by "mainstream". I mean, like a movie created for the release of the country - in other words, movies that you will see in general theaters. > <br /> Writing, directing, directing movies, casting and acting In this movie But completely professional There is nothing independent about this movie. As an ambitious director, I am always looking for movies that will encourage me to stop procrastination and push harder to keep my career going. This is one of those movies as I watch The Big Bad Swim. My motivation level is incredible. I felt like my adrenaline kicked in. The reason I felt like this was because I was impressed with every aspect of this production. I left the theater with excitement and ready to start writing a long project. When the movie made me feel that way, I knew it was really good. This is the first project that has a long qualification from Ishai Setton and I think I want to be my project. For me, it's really rare. <br /> <br /> Watch this movie. It was shot and directed beautifully and the casting was excellent. Paget Brewster gave a reliable and satisfying performance. She has qualities about her, attracting and attracting you to come, and keeping you focused on her all the time she's on the screen. She makes you feel like you know her personally. That is a gift I think this industry is really missing without using her acting skills more often. Jeff Branson and Jess Weixler also work well as well. I can't say anything good about The Big Bad Swim. I look forward to future projects from all involved in production.
