I'm not a big fan of Star Trek until 2-3 years ago. Thanks to the advent of Netflix and the distribution of 2000 video technology, I was able to start in the past of every great episode of Star Trek for those who Not really watching every episode and knowing them with their hearts through TNG, DS9, Voyager and others. The popular consensus will say, "I like The Next Generation." That is because Captain Picard and his team are fresh. New when they first appeared after Star Trek starvation for decades But for peace and quiet, I appreciate the creativity of the Voyager episode rather than the TNG. The Voyager's episode progresses over time as TNG. The information received from TNG is excellent. But in the end it is old, but Voyager's doctor - now it's creative! Instead of creating awkward artificial intelligence and jerking him to be more freedom of expression than what you imagine, Picardo is not only an excellent actor. But is also the location for growth and growth of yourself as a doctor of self-realization, which is now the best science fiction! Endgame portrayed him as a husband who married "organic" inventors, artificial neuron transmitters for human-machine interface, and even in the previous episode - Endgame, in order to disobey Captain's orders and make "human" wrong Missed from the DS9 that has been blessed by two beautiful women since Episode 1, the world must survive 3 seasons without Jeri Ryan and I believe it's Picardo that carries them with his personality. Of course, the rest of the cast of Voyager chemicals that flow easily, Harry Kim and Tom Paris - very natural. I love Tuvoc's humor from time to time, even though it's Vulcan. Eventually I was glad that they had eliminated the original female captain - Oh, if you watched a rare clip - thank God for Kate! She developed for 7 years as a confident and reliable female captain. It's a great job! Thanks to Star Trek for creating the world, I enjoy every episode exploring the creative possibilities of morality and expanding our universe.
