A few months ago, I compiled the Voyager Season 4 to 7 on the DVD (I only have 1 to 3 in the video before that, because Kes is my favorite character) and just got to the end. I saw them when they first appeared on TV here in the UK. But mostly forgotten Am I satisfied with the ending? I think I am. Naturally, as a fan, I want to see more things happening to the characters when they get home. But that is what we imagine in many ways. "Endgame" is similar to Next Gen's "All Good Things ??" The participation of future crews But most captains The new romance begins in the end. (Troy and Waldorf in Next Gen and Seven of Nine and Chakotay here) which resulted in death in the future. I truly love "Endgame" for every character. Neelix appears even though he leaves the ship. Two previous episodes, B'elanna, gave birth to her daughter, Tom. My husband, who loves Tupac, is sick, but returning home means he can heal. Harry was concerned, and determined throughout. But accept that travel is important Future doctors are accepted by everyone and finally choose the name Joe! But of course, the captain has the biggest role to meet her future, who wants to go home earlier to prevent casualties. Borg is involved because they play mostly during the time of the world. Alice Krige plays the role of Andersson again, astonishingly, the sound and the way of her performance is very beautiful. I felt sorry for Susanna Thompson, but the Borg queen TV was replaced with the Borg queen movie. Maybe she wasn't ready. Great special effects. Bourke's sub-hub and the Queen Andersson break! It's very stressful, especially when they come out of the path in the suburb of Bork and say that their location is in the right position. They think they want it after they say And a great idea to be protected from Borg in the special features of the DVD that they say is like a Trojan horse Around the world may continue If it has been more popular, they are still stuck with the original idea of ​​them about the crew know the boat is their home, as in the words of Harry and what Tom said, because his wife and his child. Then they can go home in the movie. <br /> <br /> Overall, Voyager is quite popular and missed. The sixth season seems to be a good season, one season and the second season will be less than one season. The second episode, located in the Holographic Irish village, is very scary! My perception about the seventh ninth is that she comes in. Everything revolves around her, which is not true. When she first appeared, Season 4 was focused on her many episodes. But it disappeared after that And her characters are creative sometimes 20 years, when Bork's buzzing voice slowly discovers her humanity again I like you especially in "People who need to be careful of me" "imperfections" and "human mistakes" when Naomi Wildman scares her at first. But then became her friend beside her. Often that was pretty. Chakotay became the character I liked the most. Janeway's chemistry is gone or not, and you never thought he would be the first officer. He completely pushed most of the time. I like to see Tom and Bellan's relationship blossoming compared to the odds. I like Neelix very often. Sometimes Tuvok is good, especially when he loses his logic, gets emotional and becomes friends with Neelix Harry annoying sometimes. But ok at other times The doctor may be my favorite, seeing that he has come a long way and the funny situation he created ("Tinker, Tenor, Doctor, Spy" is a great thing!) Janeway is the favorite captain of Any series and you can tell that Kate Mulge enjoys it really. <br /> <br /> I hope to have more. I love Voyager!
