Therefore, every year there will be at least one movie that doesn't have the chance to succeed at the box office because from the time of production before the one shot shot, everyone chooses this movie .. . List of this type of film that has long been in the end, and some of them are terrible (Battlefield Earth (2000)). A few actually are very good for what they are. But nobody accepts! I mean, I gosh, just because the crowd is wide, there must be a victim each year they can choose, not everyone will have to join them. Yes, those movies may not be perfect, but how many movies does c'mon have? Not every movie that should be the new Lord of the Rings! Not everyone will enjoy these movies. But I think there is more than they accept Hudson Hawk (1991), who is just a joke, hysteria, Color of Night (1994), which may not be worth the Oscars. But of course, it's not a thrill for the thriller with a beautiful twist. Swept Away (2002) is a wonderful blend of ill-fated humor and magnificent love. Gigli (2003) is a great entertainment with Memorable songs and not doing anything bad from "Bennifer", past-couple, and this year it is "Basic Instinct 2"! When I heard rumors about the sequel of one of my favorite movies, I had a sobriety and even though I really loved Sharon Stone. And actually I was very surprised at the positive! I don't understand why it's getting bad news and bad votes like this. It never mimics the original. But there are stories that are quite clever, with tension, action, humor and amazing Sharon Stone to recoup the role of her life! 47 years ago, in the filming of the movie, she looked more hot than many stars in their 20s, but it was even more than her beauty. It also performed superbly with her look, the famous smile of She's the way she speaks and moves ... The first frame she is in. You can't take your eyes off her. It is a pleasure to see her as Catherine Tramell and other actors also have strong performances as well! So I can't see what is wrong with this movie ... It looks dark, exciting, sexy and witty, strong acting and you never feel bored! Perhaps the story may not be an Oscar talent. But never try to be! It is an entertainment movie and by this standard it delivers in my opinion! Try!
