Finally, after many years of waiting for a new film to continue its mayhem "Basic instinct" We have received a wonderful sequel that is packed with the right elements for a franchise like this! I remember everything about the original steam, love, sex, interrogation, music. (By Jerry Goldsmith) and everything else from violence and murder to all kinds of violent encounters! Don't miss the "basic instinct" as a true winner for every audience I remember in 2001 when we received the news about the sequel of this story for the first time. Five years later, we have it. I never thought it would end like this. When the announcement of the project being released, time will not be able to tell if it is possible to start with. I guess we now know what is possible in this case. Even if the original director or writer doesn't appear, what we want is Sharon Stone that is always reliable and reliable, and we finished the deal! Please listen to me. <br /> <br /> When someone says that this movie is not good, I think it is because of the fact that the style is a little bit outdated. I use the word "dated" only. Because we have not seen such films for many years and the audience has adapted to the nonsense and boring storytelling seen in other films that make real money and the only reason they do A lot is because those movies are family friendly. Who needs some holes and clean? Of course, it's a delightful thing, but c'mon! This escape doesn't really exist today and "Basic Instinct 2" makes our fans get what we expect. This movie is not an Oscar winner and it is not like that. It gives fans who die hard in what they expect. It's a movie for fun. Today's movies seem too serious. But this movie is loose and fun, not serious But not too serious Who said that I would evaluate this movie. <br /> <br /> This movie is a movie from the first moment, as we see Cathernine Tremell in a car speeding at 110 MPH and enjoying the excitement. Sex and driving are not mixed, because our sexy composers have changed badly and ... she doesn't get hurt. But the uneducated partner is not good as well. Tremell is the main suspect of the accident and is under the analyst and psychiatrist Dr. Michael Glass (Morrissey) will come to her automatically from the first moment He found her Like other criminal investigators before him, he was stunned and deceived slowly and surely. His rejection of all of it began to collapse around him as she fabricated only her powers with the power to make Tramell potentially more dangerous than before. But like the first time that we never really knew it, would we be when there was movement, deceit, jealousy, anger, drugs and many erotic scenes? <br /> <br /> This film didn't recycle the movie first But mentioned the previous event for a short time. This is a good thing It allows us as an audience to know that the script is written to elevate one or two levels. Sharon Stone made us dazzled again as though 14 years had not passed. The work of a scam novelist, her second person, right away. Excellent! David Morrissey is a good actor and managed quite well. The fact that stars that are not popular have been chosen to make their performances more enjoyable because we, as an audience, do not have their basis, just what we see him perform. My final idea is 8.5 to 9 out of 10. So it's not the first game and can't live with the first prize. However, it can live according to the standards set by the first film.
