"Wisecracker" The biography of actor William Haines offers a delightful story about a former star when he was 70 and retired a long time from filmmaking. The old man didn't feel sensitive and didn't watch his own movie, but in 1972 he was invited to participate in the Los Angeles Museum screening, SHOW PEOPLE, a late documentary film he joined. Show with Marion Davies Before this, Haines worried that this comedy would provoke the wrong kind of laughter. But he was pleasantly surprised (And no doubt that it was relieved) how much better it was and how much the audience enjoyed it Watch this movie today and you can see why: SHOW PEOPLE is a delightful word that Hollywood still maintains its charm. It was still funny and the satire score still resonated. Film production technology has changed a lot since the silent era, but the arrogance and stupidity of the filmmakers didn't change much. <br /> <br /> SHOW PEOPLE is still the best. The work of a young woman, Marion Davies, the number one cartoonist who deserves a prominent position in the great comedian pantheon. At Davies's career she was worried, both receiving blessings and curses by the patronage of her love magnate William Randolph Hearst, the newspaper magnate. It is well known that Hearst has a great influence on Davies' alternative roles and is well known even though he has a talent for comedy. But he likes to see the elegant heroine in the modern drama series In the late 1920s, for whatever reason, Marion was allowed to walk in the light comedies (including THE RED MILL and THE PATSY), but SHOW PEOPLE was directed by King Vidor, the great William Henry. Gives an attractive and attractive performance as her boyfriend and co-actor Billy Beaune But this is the lead performance of Lady all the way. <br /> <br /> Marion plays the beneath Peggy Pepper. Accompanied by her father determined to be a movie star (Her father, Colonel Pepper, played by actor / director Dell Henderson, a veteran of the Drama Theater of the coincidental Griffith!), One of Marion's most fun bits, often copied from elsewhere. Is the selection of her at Comet Studio. While Dad suggests expressing his emotions ("Sorry! ... Joy!") And putting a handkerchief on her face, Peggy assumes the proper posture and posture. She was hired only to discover that the comet created comedies with low eyebrows, which are the types of comedies that people injected together with seltzer and improper police to roll over to help. Of course, the comet intended to remove Keystone from Mack Sennett, but the true nature of the words was clear when the story appeared when Peggy Pepper rose to the stage of the movie star. She left Comet for a more prestigious High Art Studio, assuming the title. "Patricia Peppoire" as a more serious actor At some point it may happen to us. (As had been done with the audience in 1928) that Davies' rival, Gloria Swanson, started in the drama comedy before being featured in a serious drama for Cecil B. DeMille and while Miss Peppoire pays more attention to himself, keeping a hat for an old colleague like Billy Boone, Davies' performance has an element of evil parody. This is particularly remarkable during the interview, when Miss Peppoire's spokesman spoke of nonsense while the star gave impersonation to Swanson's people. I think this would be a trick for a friend. But I have to wonder if the friendly relationship between Gloria and Marion after the film was released. <br /> <br /> In any case, SHOW PEOPLE is a cute person. Those who will enjoy the parade of the stars Charlie Chaplin has helped make up and looking for Patricia Peppoire's signature! (And in acting as a good athlete, Marion Davies himself appeared in the form of a parody of himself in the evening. Points for teasing at Swanson by teasing himself) This is a silent movie that the audience can't. Adapt to silence may appreciate At least, the audience with a taste for movies about the movie business. SHOW PEOPLE is a classic company like SUNSET BOULEVARD and SINGIN 'IN THE RAIN amidst the fun exercise and the most Hollywood expertise in the examination. Body by yourself
