As a child, I hate being forced to sit and watch the stage. I never understood why people broke up in music like this, and I was too young to appreciate art. (Choreography, design, scene, costume, walking) behind Carol Reed "Oliver!" Is one of the musicals that I remember having a strange joy at the time of being a child. Because it is one of the darker and more drenched songs in the spirit of filth This is a musical drama about Victorian slum life in London, and while the scenery and design of the scenes are dark and true for that way of life, it is a strange thing for people to separate into songs. Nonsense in the midst of misery When viewed recently, my first time since childhood, I have new ideas and insights into why this drama has worked in different strange songs and songs, and why most people don't do it for I> <br /> When a musical drama works or says something, it is because they are aware of their own strangeness. Lafon Trier "Dancers in the dark" that are tragic and opera, and even as it used to work as a musician, because the musical numbers are the result of the imagination of the protagonists, the enchanted immigrants of Hollywood music Similarly, "Chicago" that is insulting and fun is working at a similar level because the music numbers are the work of the killer / dancer in the area. Music plays do not work when they take their own musical nature seriously (such as in "Moulin Rouge") or too ridiculous. (For example, something is pointless, like "Mary Poppins"). When looking at "Oliver!" For the first time as an adult, I saw it in a new perspective. Most say that from the perspective of the young Oliver, I saw musical numbers as a product in his childhood imagination and how to deal with the horrors of slum life around him. The best musical number is probably when Nancy has everyone in the tavern signing and dancing about the joy of drunkenness. (A cover to help poor Oliver escape the clutches of Bill Sykes's evil). It can't really catch and listen like a real pub song that Drunken may start singing the piano There are great songs and other classics that will be heard here and the direction and performances from the leading actors for dance are the most important things. <br /> <br /> Still for its coolness (Although it is happy At least end up with Oliver, of course, although things won't end happily for Nancy, and if you think that life on the streets is a fun bag, it doesn't have to be a good ending. For Fagin or Dodger, their music closes sooner) I will not be classified as a family movie. But I don't think acting for children at the age of seven or eight years will do any harm. This is a violent story about an unfortunate orphan trying to survive on the road and find happiness. I think it's very interesting to see modern updates on this issue, what new developers will do, with Compton's street people sharing happy songs about life. Afraid of them I want to see Oliver! I always thought that the ghosts would translate well into related subjects, as it stood. "Oliver!" Might be the last song of a great movie, and probably the most g-rated movie I have ever seen.
