The great musical drama created between the 1950s and 1970s. This twenty-year spell can be accurately identified as the "golden age" of the genre. There were musicals before that, and there have been musicals since ... but the classics that Indeed, it seems to be constant at that time. Singin 'In The Rain, American In Paris, The Band Wagon, Seven Brides For Seven Brothers, Oklahoma, South Pacific, The King And I and many more. Perhaps the last great song of the "Golden Age" was Carol Oliver's "Oliver" in 1968, adapted from Dickens's independent novel. This lively music is a musical production. successful It's a great movie, six Oscar winners, including the Best Picture award. <br /> <br /> Orphan Oliver Tweed (Mark Leicester) had a miserable life in the workplace. His mother died after giving birth to him. After one meal, he was booted out of the shelter and ended up working in the office. body But Oliver didn't work very well with his new job and escaped after a few days of problems. He traveled far to London where he hoped to seek fortune. Oliver is under the wing of a child picker called Artful Dodger (Jack Wild), whose work is Fagin (Ron Moody), who is the perpetrator of a gang of child thieves. Despite having illegal work, Oliver finds a good friend among his new "family". He also gets to know Nancy (Chanis Wallis), a girlfriend of the bandits. The most terrifying and most feared of them, Oliver Reed. After many adventures, Oliver discovers his true ancestor and finds out that he actually came from Backgrounds Sniff and complete the task. But the chance that he will be reunited with his real family is dangerous when Bill Saike takes advantage of Oliver, making him an accomplice in a particularly risky and ambitious robbery. <br /> <br /> "Oliver" is a movie that consists of In front of his eyes and acted by talented actors Moody's created a new role on his stage with a lot of excitement, stealing movies from youth with his powerful acting as Fagen. Lester and Wild do well like a new generation of pickpocket, while Wallis plays the role of Nancy and Reed enthusiastically, creating real disgust. As Sikes, the musical numbers are displayed precisely and amazingly - Onna White's award-winning choreography design makes the music and dance scene memorable. But the lively actors and the direction of Carol Reed's expertise are also involved. Memorable songs include "Food Glorious Food", "Consider Yourself", "You have to choose a bag or two", "I can do anything" and "Oom-Pah-Pah" - every catchy song. the song Through the sequence that is well collected This movie is a thoroughly entertaining experience and will never lose momentum for 153 minutes. Lean back and have fun!
