Almost too well ... "Vampires of John Carpenter" is a fun, entertaining, popcorn piece that is cheap enough to not be dominated by special techniques. And apparently aiming at "From Dusk Till Dawn" - feeling "Vampires: Los Muertos" trying to start by being a star, led by Jon Bon Jovi, who played one of the main characters But done too well ...: I didn't see Jon Bon Jovi in ​​other movies, so I did I couldn't compare his performances in "Vampires: Los Muertos" to his other roles, but I was very surprised with his good performance. After this movie started, he believed that I didn't expect him to pick up the guitar and play. "It's my life" or something But killing vampires without showing mercy and work to do Meaning a lot because part of the audience (like me) may be thinking: "... just because he is a rock star ..." Of course, Bon Jovi is not James Woods. It is much worse and in my opinion, Bon Jovi did a very good job. The vampire played by Arly Jover is not a killer, dressed as a movie of the vampire leader that we found in episode 1 (or similarly in "Ghosts of Mars"). Jover plays a very sexy and seductive vampire, moving lightly. Like a cat attacking like a snake and wearing a thin and light cloth And even the light effects that support her movement are very well done It requires some dance. But the director in some parts of the movie just avoid changing movies from action-horror movies to becoming subtle horror films such as Murnau's "Nosferatu". You almost see the temptation of Director of making movies with personal notes, VERY and different from the original. This is the true strength of the movie and at the same time, its weakest point: the audience celebrating the first bloody day of this film might expect a second bloody fun and maybe a little disappointed. Don't make mistakes: "Vampires: Los Muertos" is a bloody fun. But it is not this type of movie all the time Just think of the massacre in the bar as opposed to the scene in which vampires try to seduce Zoey in the ruins: the massacre in the bar is what you expect from American popcorn - the entertainment that fascinated - Zoey-in-the-ruins Almost like a movie theater in Europe (The movie is eager to tell us more about the relationship between Zoey and the vampire but rejects the answer at the same time because it will slow the action or show the audience the vampire in the past with humans. Now the creatures that suffer and not only But the evil beast is only killing people) and that is where I decide whether this movie has been accepted by the original movie audience. And yet: "From Dusk Till Dawn" - Is this feeling like? Not? I'm not sure about this. However, Tommy Lee Wallace did a really good job. "Vampires: Los Mortos" is great. But I thought to direct Wallace's next movie, sometimes too creative. Just as he heals himself from developing his ability to meet the expectations of the audience In my opinion, Wallace's ability to fill the movie with life and sometimes sometimes suck it out at the same time "Vampires: Los Muertos" can do too well (I give 7 out of 10).
