"Creep" is a new horror movie that will undoubtedly impress many types of fans just because it's down to the point and shameless! It had a lot of genuine shock moments, gore scenes, nasty and rare tensions. What it doesn't have is a solid logic and plot. But to tell you the truth that it didn't bother me for one second When the credit ending began to unravel, there are still many unanswered questions to ponder. But the director / writer Christopher Smith (in his debut) seems to like to focus his attention on tension and action. Can explain the existence of "creep" in the London Underground The story arose with the arrogant Kate boy who resigned from her party to meet the famous actor George Clooney in town to present his new movie. She slept in the subway, missed the last train and found herself trapped in the subway network. What is really scary when she finds a mad fanatic who lives in an old tunnel and kills people to kidnap Even an experienced homeless person, a security guard or a sewer worker could not save her life from this hungry monster! I really dig a creep character! He is a horrible and primitive person. But in a strange, fascinating way Christopher Smith let us know the clues and advice, and it was up to the audience to guess the origin and background of bad creatures. I think it is not very traditional and I'm sure many people are not happy with the lack of content. But I forgive Smith and I think it is a better way to skip to the top completely "Jeepers Creepers" - style (the film starts as well as well. But as soon as the identity of the ivy becomes clearer, it becomes an ordinary horror attempt.) The clear aspect of love is evil blood! There is a serious killing in this movie and makeup and sound effects are very convincing. The premonition setting of the London Underground was abandoned at night. In addition, there is some ability to perform in this film, with Franka Potenta (Run Lola Run) returning to the graphic horror for almost five years after the cool German movie "Anatomie". Creep is a great entertainment when You are in a very unpleasant mood and Chris Smith is the director. Of course I will be watching. Make sure you don't have to take the subway after watching this movie ...
