Emory is the iron worker of Cincinatti, like his father in front of him and most of the 20th century. The twin pillars of the existence of his family are steel mills and unions. The factory that had hired 45,000 people has seen its numbers drop to 5,000 recently and now 1 because the plant has just closed the door, leaving only one security officer. At first, Emory, the new unemployed and his colleagues, enjoy their independence, go on a trip around the city and indulge in their favorite bar. They think that the factory will open again after listening to the music of the Union representative. But the reality began to sink when they found themselves selling their personal vehicles in a fight to put food on the table and prevent foreclosure in their home. Emory's father - a union man dedicated - Confident that the factory will be reopened and restore all short-term closures to his son in the 35 years at the factory. At the same time, some unemployed people get revenge jobs or jump on a truck. <br /> <br /> Eventually, the union accepted the despair while Emory explained to his stubborn father that time had changed and the mill would not open again. next Emory asked in tears that "What am I doing?" Throughout his life of hard work and dedication for the union work, churches and families left him with nothing. He slammed the boulder's butt in anger when he was drunk with his young son and knocked his wife to the ground. Was expelled from his home and commented from the factory manager that he and his men didn't work hard enough to prove that they were paid a lot. Emory persuaded the remaining steel workers in the city to do what Demonstrating what they can do. In the morning, they broke into the mill, burnt the furnace and worked harder than it had in their lives, producing high quality steel pipes for one change. Once to fill the docks from one wall to the other The factory manager thought it was impossible. <br /> <br /> When he arrived at the newly opened factory, the stupid manager looked around him with the tremendous productivity from the work of one day, realizing that production like This will make the factory profitable again. The manager asks Emory: "Do you do it every day?" Emory was forced to nod. "No" and the manager asked: "So, do you try to prove anything?" Emory explained that decades of The Hard work, honesty and dedication to their work is meaningful, and that shows that they can be produced much in one day. Emory said goodbye to his wife and children, tears as he left with friends to find work. The South promised to move the family when he met. <br /> <br /> This is a practice that has Efficiency and integrity in the condition of American workers displaced from international competition and giving a realistic view of the costs they have to pay for trade unions that claim concessions and owners. Of the coveted factory Extract all the money that can be made from their factory But never gave up with modernization. Peter Strauss played Emory, John Goodman as his best friend. Gary Cole, as a college brother, Pamela Reed as Emory and John's sympathetic wife Doucette as a dying father
