Ah McBain ?? The character's name was immortal and was ridiculed forever by "The Simpsons", but it will always be like that? To me, at least ?? Still the name and name of the play, very fun and violent flick in the early 1990s; Directed by the coolest friends who brought us "The Exterminator" and starring Christopher Walken and Michael Ironside, the worst of the two. B-movie and Christopher Ironen (after having a cute little pony tail) I guess "McBain" Most have to be identified as a miserable happiness because there is no way I can convince anyone. This is an intellectual animation. This movie is incredibly surprising. (Most action heroes use small guerrillas? McBain is used throughout the country) and is still too serious. The script is an uninterrupted and uninterrupted fire spit in ancient situations, ridiculous twists, insanely emotional compulsions, sequences, action scenes that are distorted and unbelievable characters drawing. It is a completely raving movie. I like it. <br /> <br /> Vietnamese POW McBain's life has been rescued by fellow soldiers Roberto Santos on the last day of the war. Each of them collects half-dollar banknotes as symbols that McBain owes to Santos. Eighteen years later, Santos is a brave rebellion that brings a revolution against the corrupt president of Colombia, his home country. Santos's first attempt to seize power failed and he was executed publicly on the balcony of El Presidente. His older sister traveled to New York with a dollar banknote and turned to MacBain for financial help and manpower. McBain And the former fellow countrymen of Vietnam that coincided with the injustice in this world by accidentally contracting a pathetic little plane and flying to Colombia to /> <br /> tin off a huge Okay, do not pretend <br here. The fact that you are reading user reviews about "McBain" indicates that you are interested in processing movies. B-low budget One of my critics spent time writing a list of main stupidity and incomprehensible moments of "McBain". This list is all accurate and I can only agree with it. Heck, I can also add CK. Unconscious vox in that list (Such as the courageous and courageous sacrifices of soldiers who do not relate to the goals of the mission and the other team of Macbain) but what the point is, of course, that you will not expect a continuous masterpiece and Going 100%, we already knew that this would be a stupid and overly colorful movie, and probably the exact reason why we want to check it! This film is a very exciting and terrifying film about many former Vietnamese friends becoming mercenaries and declaring war on corrupt Presidential columnists and the National Drug Alliance. Please do not expect "Apocalypse Now". This animation is based on the actors' performances, explosions and gunfire and ?? Last but not least ?? Great soundtrack that Joan Baez sings "Brothers in Arms"
