First, description: Despite my headline But I gave this movie only 8 stars because, overall, this is not the best movie ever created. All reviews registered here have the correct score. In addition, be warned that enjoying the script you want to appreciate Neil Simon's ability to search for intelligence within the real human parody. He has a clear ear in New York for dialogue - especially the dry Jews, satirical love - and if you have trouble accepting satire as an expression of love, you may have trouble accepting optimism. In this movie. <br /> <br /> So much for warning This is my main point: Walter Matthau is the most perfect, even perfect in this movie. I never saw him more fun or touched more - because at the same time he showed us the hilarity of this character who refused to give up his own image or attitude that could not be achieved even when That his relationship decreased He also showed us the vulnerability that might make people afraid in grace. And he just showed us that the sad part - just enough to really find you if you accidentally deal with the mental deterioration of your father or husband now (I'm talking about this as a warning) But in art it is enough. Pathetic things to make this character truly rooted the most I've seen in a movie show. This is more than a way of acting - Matthau's performance is great, like the character work and pure happiness in sending cartoons. This is a masterpiece of comics. <br /> <br /> About Richard Benjamin: Personally, I find that his acting is generally annoying and his work in this movie is no exception - though. He will have a good time here ("Good funny chicken ...." is one of them). If you like him, you should like him here and if you don't do this movie, you won't change your mind. <br /> <br /> About the Oscars of 1976 ... I admit that Da, unfortunately, against Nicholson in the "Cuckoo Bird's Nest" that year, it was the killer year for the lead actor competition. If there is a separate Oscar for comedy and drama, I think Oscar, the best male actor, will go to Al Pacino on "Dog Day Af Afternoon" and to Walter Matto for "The Sunshine Boys" - but I think Pacino and Matthau all have a fantastic and powerful and amazing legend in the show rather than the legend of Nicholson that year. In addition, I believe that Bern received the Oscar Supporting actors for reasons More than his quality of acting - I mean him well in this movie But not as good as this (Burns turned out to be himself But turned himself back to show Brad Brance's truly brilliant debut in "Cuckoo's Nest". Not to mention Chris' amazing debut. <br /> <br /> Oscar theory below. Here is my review: If you like Matthau's comics, watch this movie and try this movie and experience the wonderful gesture of Grandma. (But if you are Face the pain of Get people to lose your grip warned that the film could be a joke, or you want to reality too painful to watch now).
