The film received a low response and was not well investigated. Rebecca West's book was written in 1918. Shortly after the First World War, when the shocking ammo and amnesia caused by injury were not monotonous. It is difficult to go back in time and live as the characters live. The reality of the time: the war and the horrors of the first war experience using toxic gases to life. Desperate lovers and past lovers still see with the eyes of love that is still young and beautiful like she was 20 years ago. <br /> <br /> Alan Bates is a soldier who removes memories that "Will die" if he was not allowed to see Margaret, his youthful dreamer, to be loyal to his character in "Far From the Madding Crowd". Will feel the strong bond of romance The women who did not live up to the expectations of family and society. Margaret said "We quarreled and when you rowed, you turned away from me." So we knew that the breakup was something that he instigated. But he forgot the shame in his memory when he was with Margaret. I didn't watch all his movies. But in the movie that I had seen, he gave a strong masculinity that shone through this role as a disabled soldier. <br /> <br /> I didn't know Ann Margaret at first and felt that Her performances have been underestimated. When I didn't read the book, I wondered if the dead child was the result of a show of sexual intercourse between Jenny and Chris. "Being a cousin" The way Kitty collects Jenny in the nursery in the scene with dry hair. The fact that Kitty says that she often makes her hair dry in that room seems to be a way for Kit. He kept coal with anger over the room orientation. Or confidence about missing children and a statement that she said she wanted Chris to not feel the need to keep the room the same when the child was still alive In addition, Jenny also shows that living in the house in the role of surrender, because the high society will do to the fallen members at that time. <br /> <br /> Recently, those who received The intense imagination of the couple (not the sexuality that was maintained over time) 50 years ago I was able to connect with the problems of Margaret and her husband. I was right because I was not good enough for his family and when he discovered me again over the internet I felt a burden to help him deal with the horrific Vietnamese experience and marrying a woman who Above him Class that he doesn't believe he loves My husband, like Margaret, has a lot of understanding. But the stress is very real Eventually, the lover can balance his real life situation with the imagination of love only for me. <br /> <br /> I think it's a good decision to show the war experience. I think of "Mrs. Dalloway" with the WWI soldiers who show severe memories and suicide compared to the happiness of Chris in Margaret's imagination. On the other hand, military actions in "Mrs. Dalloway" seems to have failed. <br /> <br /> Show that the psychiatrist understands very little about what happened to Chris, reiterating what the major problems the whole group faced. It seems that everyone will get their lives back. But is it the right choice?
