Recently saw a film about the 1982 Return of the Soldier, based on Rebecca West's novel But still in the hospital in London He lost his memory and was a boy again with a persistent yen for the lower class. He pursued 25 years ago. It is a delicate story. He was still in his childhood, while the reader found that his wife was a society that could not resist and wanted him to return to his society. Living with them is Jenny, his cousin, who loves Chris Baldbury as a soldier when they grew up as friends. The bottom woman, played by Glennson Jackson, is Margaret Gray. It is SHE who has been informed that Chris has returned to England. Kitty's wife, Chris, is shocked when Gray tells her that Chris is in a hospital in London. Kitty (Julie Christie) has no meaning and head. Why do you ask yourself, is this woman sending a telegram about Chris more than you? Chris totally forgot about Kitty. He wants to renew his relationship with Margaret. Married Margaret is now hesitant to meet him. But then did and still met him with a psychiatrist (Ian Holm) who warned Kitty and Jenny that Chris had a temporary happiness with Margaret disappearing if he kept him Jenny realized the emptyness of Kitty for Chris and created a secret love alliance through Margaret. Both of them fell in love with him. Jenny needs help. During the film, Kitty revealed that Chris and her had a boy who died five years ago. To tell this story to Chris, weighing the shrinkage will bring him back to normal. But is this a good idea? Chris realizes that he and Kitty are unaware of their child and death. Psychiatrists just learn of children, believing that such knowledge will revive Chris. Jenny and Margaret have all Chris because Kitty believes that he pretends and refuses to accept Chris's illness to return to his youth in his forties. This film makes her not taking into account what he has to do with Chris. <br /> <br /> But Jenny and Margaret in the bedroom of a well-cared child - With Kitty as well in the novel What they believe should be done about Chris from a separate perspective. Margaret is important because here because she is married and she falls in love with half of Chris. Jenny's social proportion Jenny believes that it will be threatened if Chris is wrong. She didn't reveal this to Margaret. However, Margaret decided to look forward that Chris couldn't keep his imagination at all times. But have to go back to live a realistic life As Kitty and Jenny look at the window from Margaret's house near Kris outside and tell him about his lost son. The head of a floating war victim sinks his shoulder. He looks out. He walked discouraged to the house. Fin <br /> <br /> I read the criticism of Rebecca West's first novel. The novel wrote something after the first war. This film is not clear whether Jenny is a cousin or his sister. It would be more exciting if she was his sister. Criticism doesn't make it clear as well. I'm sure West in her novel makes Jenny her cousin, not her sister. West is not Henry Miller or Anais Nin, which has an Incest book (about her relationship with her father as an adult who will be with him to hurt her from being a child). I think That reading books Rebecca, the author, also needs to recall Chris. She has a front guard in her head for her fiction society. First excoriates but eventually hugs again.
