'The Shop Around the Corner (1940)' is a lovely romantic movie, not a story that I will keep loving until the last day. In 1940, director Ernst Lubitsch took over Hollywood for a long time by the storm and his famous "Lubitsch touch" became a commercial trademark. Sparkle The film was planned for release in 1939, but the table conflict meant James Stewart and Margaret Sullavan could not be shot. Instead of being one of his main stars, Lubitsch decided to postpone production while directing Greta Garbo in 'Ninotchka (1939)'. When it was finally complete, 'The Shop Around the Corner' seems to have met. The indifference of relatives who have been nominated for an Academy Award is zero, despite the great screenplay from Samson Raffa Elson. However, the time has betrayed the great and enduring influence of the film with its high remake, including 'In the Good Old Summertime (1949)' and 'You Got Got Mail (1998)' <br /> <br / > At the surface, it may be thought that 'shops around the corner' are just the stories of two lovers, Klara Novak (Sullavan) and Alfred Kralik (Stewart) who love each other without knowing it. However, Lubitsch's film is much deeper than that. It is the story of Matuschek and Company, a stylish gift shop in Budapest and a variety of human relationships that make this shop a close-knit family. When the shop owner Hugo Matuschek (Frank Morgan) began to suspect that his eldest employee had a relationship with his wife, we witnessed the collapse of the two families, both at home and at work. There is no reason why this should not be located in the United States? Maybe in the snowy streets of New York, but Lubitsch intends to build his interest and memories over the years in Europe. The strangeness of love and life before the war brings fear and Bloodshed to every step This delicate description gives a more meaningful and personal touch to the movie? In fact, even though I wrote this review, I began to appreciate the story more. <br /> <br /> Sullavan and Stewart were all cute in their roles. But I think it's really a supporting actor, making movies. Each character brings together a unique personality and their interactions are always reliable and fun. I especially liked that Lubitsch brought our sympathy to Hugo Matuschek, which in other films knowingly is limited to showing two-dimensional images that are underdeveloped. Matuschek may lose his family's love. But he repented in the love of his staff and you felt the warmth when he was in the snowstorm on Christmas Eve. He found a friendship in the boy's errand (Charles Smith). This character makes me feel like Billy Wilder's next work, such as Boom Boom Jackson in 'The Fortune Cookie (1966)' or Carlo Carlucci in 'Avanti! (1972). Of course, it doesn't have to be said. But Billy Wilder learned from the best
