The location of the shop around the corner is precisely specified at the beginning of the movie Balta Street in Budapest, but actually it may be in any location. A small number of sets reflect the central European design. But may be a nearby store. This film is not about Budapest or the leather retail business. But about the rising and falling love reflected in most of the main characters. Alfred Kralik and Klara Novak are working partners. The letter is full of hope, ambition and romance, and the story relaxes to bring these two things together beautifully. The shop owner Hugo Matuschek is having problems with his wife. She only sounds at the end of the phone. Ferencz Vadas There is a secret story. Ilona Novodny has a gentleman friend who buys her fur clothes. Mr Pirovitch's life is centered on his wife and children. Katona Pepi 'Play Santa Claus' with the person Women at Christmas You still feel that Flora Katchuck is quiet while at home with her mother. Dreaming of someone. <br /> <br /> The script is a masterpiece of comedians and dramas. It moves easily from one scene to another. It is one of those silent movies that look over and over again. Simple but profound. This dialogue reflects the character's speech that is not the same today. <br /> <br /> Every performance is beautiful. Even secondary characters such as waiters in cafes and police in the streets are perfect. James Stewart and Margaret Sullavan play perfectly. He stepped in as an actor and gave a sweet and sharp performance. Margaret Sullavan is a great actor and is popular today. Her other films, some of the things to watch as Mr Matuschek, Frank Morgan are amazing. The moment of his truth is moving a lot. The golden stars all around for the actors. <br /> <br /> It's a phrase that is well worn that they don't make them like they used to do. (Which is vague again causing In this case, it is true. Director Lubitsch is not in the funny mode. But deliver classic movies of spirit, charm and warm humanity
