The shop around CORNER is one of the sweetest and most romantic comedy actors ever made. There is no way to do it, and it's hard to say it in words. It's not one of those films that are trying too hard and it doesn't happen with the most bizarre situations possible in order to finally get the two protagonists together. In fact, all its charms are coming. Inherent within the characters and settings and plot ... which is highly believed to boot It's easy to think of a beautiful love story that everyone else has ever told. * May * happen to you ... The feelings you don't get from other romantic comedies often, however, they may Will be sweet and warm. <br /> <br /> Alfred Grigik (James Stewart) and Clara Novak (Margaret Salamandan) There is not the most auspicious first meeting when she arrives at the store (Matuschek & Co.), where he worked in the past nine years. Big is a cigarette box that plays music when open - he thinks it's a laughing idea. She sold big time and was hired. Their quarrels caused them to go through the next six months, even though both of them. (Unknowingly!) Will fall in love when they share their souls and hearts in a letter via PO Box 237. This will be a pretty outline. Create the whole film, except that the shop AROUND THE CORNER has expertise in the movie, with interesting characters made up of characters that are completely involved from Hugo Matuschek (Frank Morgan), a lonely father. His home; Pirovitch (Felix Bressart), a close friend of Kralik and a friend who jumped out of the room when faced with the possibility of being asked for his honest opinion. Smimpy pimp-du-jour Vadas (Joseph Shield Great) Which ultimately received his provision from the glorious Kralik who was glorious; Pepi Katona (William Tracy), an ambitious and ambitious boy who wants more than to be promoted to a clerk of Matuschek & Co. The unpretentious love story between 'Dear Friends' is available in this small shop in Budapest. Hungary In which Kralik's non-ceremonial termination and promotion as a shop manager helped the couple to love each other together. It's a good story that everyone gets a story in this movie. The supporting characters were well developed and Matuschek's journey in life was almost as impressive as sharing Alfred and Clara. His invitation to Rudy Boy (Charles Smith) New) For the Christmas Eve dinner, made in the midst of the beautiful snow of winter, Hungary makes the audience happy that he is not alone. We have to pay attention to even the characters that have a love story. It's not about this movie. <br /> <br /> In addition to love, I must say that James Stewart is one of the best things about the movie. this He didn't play the role of a person full of Jimmy Stewart in this movie (c / f 'Mr Smith Goes To Washington' for that); In fact, Alfred Kralik is full of thorns and sudden and not particularly generous. In fact, he is a fragile person, with a little hint (until perhaps the end) of the worse youthful charm. Stewart Stewart will soon be patented. When he discovered before Clara found that they had a secret, in fact Kralik didn't do anything - he waited to see how far he could use the puzzle, especially when he realized it. quickly With Clara as the boss and subordinate) who loves the people he knows through the exchange of letters that may not take their own love His explanation for Clara from Matthias Poping (What a name!) To become her fiancé is hilarious in the extreme. But his method of proving that the letter did not reveal that there was a man like her The letters do not reveal all that is available to her. Stewart perfectly plays this role - he controls his face perfectly every time Clara insults Mr Collins because she doesn't always do it. (Especially) in front of him and there is another person who believes that under the vulnerability and professionalism that he * can reveal his identity with true and sincere hope and true hope * in the end <br /> <br /> I have to give special mention to the other members of the actors. Margaret Sullavan is quite bad in the first half of the movie. But she returned to herself on the closing scene on Christmas Eve when she almost broke her heart again with Alfred's most obvious explanation in her mailbox. Frank Morgan turned out to be a great performer, while jealousy Hugo Matuschek caused a nervous breakdown, a man who had to discover his meaning in life when he realized that his 22-year-old wife didn't want to 'get old with He 'and Felix Brest' played the role of Pirovitch, a gentle but incredibly loyal (as Lubitsch regularly, because he appeared as a hilarious Russian ambassador in NINOTCHKA) - especially the scene in which he helped. Alfred had a Christmas. The latter * wanted * really ... wallet instead of a ludicrous cigarette box. Clara laid the cord like that. <br /> <br /> Ernst Lubitsch is really proud of himself with the movie. This story - for example, the extravagant and meticulous care that is famous for giving details on the Matuschek shop, worth the effort to reach the Hungarian name. At the door, appliances and cash registers, etc. But even though Lubitsch chose to have a scene in Hungary But the scene is universal: it may happen anywhere It may happen to you. In that there is the charm of this simple story. These believing characters who are really * snowy on Christmas Eve are also true, or at least Lubitsch can create it. (He has a snow machine with a lot of expenses) It is the desire to make everything look as realistic as possible, which will help make this story more reliable, which makes this movie realistic in Dreams that cannot be modeled (Not even in the form that you have already received) <br /> <br /> * This is the Jimmy Stewart Christmas movie that people think about when talking about a wonderful life. In order not to deviate from the advantages of other movies But it is not dangerous, and in fact there are many things to do in watching this SHOP AROUND THE CORNER this Christmas instead. It's sweet, funny, charming and Stewart is flawless in his role. We should all be fortunate as having the romance that appears in this movie. The best thing about this movie is that we get out of the feelings that we may be able to do.
