This is full of important destroyers. So be careful. <br /> <br /> "Prix de Beaute" has always suffered compared to two movies Louise Brooks created with GW Pabst "Pandora's Box" and "Diary of a Girl "" But in some ways "Grand Prix" is the movie Brooks that is substantive. Here she has the opportunity to be charming without the dark side of working with her Pabst. What "Prix" has is that the movie Pabst does not have music in the early French films. This mystery of Louis Brooks Full of energy with pictures, music and music Charleston is something that seems most relevant to Brooks. (She was the first to dance in Europe), but the essence of the actress was found in Tango. Tango also plays as a plot in the "Prix", which is a song that she danced with as a short stardom after becoming Miss Europe. Later, when she had abandoned her reputation in favor of secular existence as the wife of an envious husband Andre, her abandoned desires became apparent when Tango was recorded. Same on her record player The right thing is Tango to Bruges. It is used to follow a documentary about her life. "Look for Lulu." The movie described by Shirley MacLaine. The courage and quality of Tango are examples of strong personality. But the elegance and elegance of Louise Brooks <br /> <br /> The song "Je n'ai qu'un amour, c'est toi," adds tremendous pathos to non-great movies. (But it's a very good story) However, Brooks' voice was not named as a movie by Edith Peafow, as some people claim that Piaf was born in 1915 and was not discovered. Until 1935, this song was the character of Brooks, in which Lucienne sang for Anders at the beginning of the movie to encourage him and show his deep love for him. And at the climax, it was the song she sang for the screen test, which she watched with the producers and managers who intended to build her career. It still appears on the screen after Andre's husband, who follows her to the movie room, shoots and kills her. In one shot, the body of Lucinenne rested at the bottom of the screen while her screen test continued with the song she had sang for Andre. The essence of what the movie did in the style. Other art, while Andre watched his dead wife sing for him on the screen, killing weapons still smoking, he smiled thoroughly. Now she is forever, and by our association <br /> <br /> Accidentally, the real life of Louis Brooks was burned after "Prix de Beaute", so it was a waste. The life of the last actress as well This film is the seal of Brooks mystique, rather than the Pabst movie (which is undoubtedly the best movie). It also points out that it's about a movie that creates the whole idea of ​​the "cult" of the movie - which people like Bru Stokes, James Dean and Marilyn Monroe lived more intensely after their death than when they were still alive.
