The story of the passionate love pushed to the limit and the lovely swan, whose beauty was the ticket for her own premature death. In being a full silent movie - which is still the heart - and flirting with sound and sound A slightly annoying effect for everyone who comes into this movie because the recorded sound is not very strong and doesn't help anything. For example, the dialogue on the stage that can be heard in the beginning scene on the beach is part of the movie as an actor interacting with Louise Brooks and making the audience perform better. In addition to that, the movie continues to rotate more or less, jumping continuously here and there is something that is common in movies in this era and there is ambiguity in accelerating the general feeling of silence. In one way, this is a film experiment and close to the style of Sergei Eisenstein in the presentation with close-ups and close-ups that raise the level of what will be more pedestrian level. Louis Brooks plays a teen character less than what she is known: she is a shorthand who likes to play games, decides to participate in a beauty contest, even though there are many angry opponents. Her role is quite thirty and contemporary. At that time, recently the role of a teen / jazz boy was shown on screen and now with the attack of independence, women, women as professionals are shown in the movie. Brooks' character decided to leave her boyfriend (although she "reconcile" with him later), just a little before her time. However, the serious flaw of her character is willing to believe in what is not - that her boyfriend wants her to succeed - and this is what led to her end at the cinema. This last sequence looks like something straight from Hitchcock in the increased suspense of it (seen in the MAN MAN who knows too much) and cuts from Brooks, her image on the screen and the killer's girlfriend. More remarkable is the placement of Brooke, who "still" sings with the dead - the cold and cinematic effects that are powerful and cool.
