We saw the silent version of this movie and it was quite beautiful that shimmered. It is quite difficult to see how the sound can be created, since it is filmed with pure silence, a long-term narrative without the need for a single narrative - recording annoying sequences that Louise Brooks plays French typists Speaking clearly in English ... the most obvious part is the final sound, the last scene Brooks is watching for the hustle of her test for the sound film: a picture that plays continuously in the background. With her mouth moving in uninterrupted music, I was not surprised to learn later that this message alone in the Talkie model has been regarded as an example of a new technique! <br /> <br /> Amidst the beauty of the opening scene and the inevitable fairy tale of what follows, this movie is similar to the dream. As the movie 'Louise Brooks', it is not as I expected, whether it comes from her Hollywood comedies or from the German Melodramas of the GWPabst: I find more expressive and fun expressions and Brooks. Itself is a different animal Laughing small animals rather than dolls, shop windows or dolls. <br /> <br /> But the thing that makes this film deeper than the first one appears is the unexpected second half; The impoverished princess reunited with a wealthy parasite that surrounds her beauty with true love born ... and the story ends well. However, the fairy tale turns out to be Grabovsky's right hand tragedy, confident in his ability to deal with the woman he wishes. But all was too accurate to predict their own interests - young couples could not make each other happy - and André ironically had an influence on society. Of the beauty contest: After the intoxication of her glorious moments, Lucienne freed herself to despair of the boring life of her marriage, while her husband became the driving force of the whole event. If it's a simple matter of a false marriage, that's one thing ... but the real tragedy is that they love each other. <br /> <br /> In many ways, "Prix de Beauté" reminds me of " Murnau's sunrise, but if so, the exhibition scene and the photographer will create a mirror image of fun reconciliation in "Sun rise"; There is no dream but a strange nightmare. And the following dawn is not an amazing gathering But an empty bed and an abandoned house Leaving the letter to say that she loves him and always loves him. Lucienne disappears from André's life by seeking light and freedom. And this time, she will not come back again. <br /> <br /> Gossip confirms André's worst sentiment as he learns about his wife's address through reports related to her name. With Grabovsky, when a young worker penetrated into the last room of the movie room, it was a gun that was dragged - greeted by the eyes of his opponent and caught Lucien laughing the same woman  ที่ให้ความรักที่ไม่รู้จักตาย เธอทิ้งเขาไป เขาฆ่าเธอ แต่ถึงแม้ว่าเขาจะถูกตรึงด้วยภาพชีวิตบนหน้าจอลูเชียนเปลี่ยนความรุ่งโรจน์ในขณะที่เขาไม่เคยเห็นเธอเลย Two women were laid in an infinite and powerful moment when André grabbed and broke out: a dying girl and herself still singing on top without realizing that time was celluloid. Run Or death or love under you ... <br /> <br /> The main vibrating element in the movie is the character of Antonin, André's colleague, who seems to have received no role other than being a person. Get his license Malice He is an ugly person who has never been a brutal and tortured girl in the bathroom and at work and has to accept everything with a selfless smile in his futile hope for submission. Social network: general products of In other words, intimidation of talented and more popular people But there was an audience that was invited to laugh with his torture Unless the intention to reveal the dark side to the protagonist (Which I do not see the signs). The characters seem to exist only as a relief cartoon. But the cartoon relieved with a clearly offensive edge When we know him as an inappropriate peeping on the oil, it is easy to laugh, even though the revenge of others seems to be above the top of the hill. When we found that he had not found a stranger But André's co-workers and close friends, regular, continuous attacks, stopped quickly for a lot of fun. <br /> <br /> But it's still a picture. Beauty, nightmares and dreams
