I found this movie for the first time when I read the book (written in 1970) about Mitchell Leisin's career. I have to admit that over the years I have watched many of his films and find the best work of He is really high quality. SWING HIGH, SWING LOW should be one of his best. While it doesn't make me bored But did not make me as impressed as holding it after dawn. The Death Note uses holidays, daily activities, kitty or even gold. I wonder if it will be too much dating to be a favorite. <br /> <br /> The work at Paramount Leisin is a problem in the movies he does, which is a musical. The majority of the points he works with are quite moderate. It is true that two standards appear in his film. But they are really rare cases: "Cocktales for Two" appeared in the MURDER AT THE VANITIES and "Mona Lisa" came out of the CAPTAIN CAREY in the United States. The only song in CAPTAIN CAREY, it shouldn't be like this - Leisin's studio has Rogers and Hart working in the early 1930s. Why isn't he assigned to do projects with them? Points for SWING HIGH, SWING LOW are It is pleasant, but memorable. The film is centered on the world of entertainment, while Fred Macmurray demonstrated excellent ability as a trumpet player. (He also served Carole Lombard in his performance by embracing his arms around him when he blew the trumpet). The song (sung by Lombard) about how her lover was playing, excited, she was important for the plot. It works in movies. But it would be better if the song is more memorable. <br /> <br /> It has a picaresque style for this movie - it started in the submarine Lombard working as a nailer. She was bullied. By her boss, Franklin Pangborn (the barber of the ship). Then the ship entered the Panama Canal and we saw that McMurray was a soldier whose military service was about to end soon. Their first scene together was a good touch with Leisin: MacMurray was talking to Lombard. She was on the deck and he was at the edge of the wall. A good way to proceed while the dialog box is a little boring. <br /> <br /> The movie follows the rise of Skid Johnson (MacMurray) as he meets Lombard and starts to become famous. As a trumpet player, but with "other women" in the Dorothy Lamore movie The best moments in this film relate to the collapse of Lombard's relationship and his fall as a jazz trumpeter. (His presence and the need for alcohol are very strange things for the MacMurray characters - even dark shapes such as Walter Neff or Mr. Sheldrake. The naval officer who pushes Mutiny does not show confidence in alcohol. <br /> <br /> Lombard is as good as a woman who loves but is wrong. MacMurray Lamore has a lot to do - the movie may have more scenes. But there is one thing that is remarkable: her efforts to bring MacMurray to the wagons again during his debut. Pangborn is not that good. The film's observer is not a small actor. Carl Judels has an effect as an air fan / friend. MacMurray's (although he gave him a hand) <br /> <br /> Charles Butterworth is a little bit in the film as usual. But he had a moment when he watched his hand The keyboard of the piano in the room in which his girlfriend, MacMurray and Lombard, contributed - his red face caused by shame about lying at MacMurray, confirming that it was true. It was a good and delicate time. If only his subtlety was expressed in the performance, rather than the moment in which he had a different sense of humor
