Simon's THE ODD COUPLE of Neil Simon has created models for many of his plays. Felix Unger and Oscar Madison are unworthy roommates in the traditional way. The past is meticulous and neat. Simon will write a play in the 90's (unsuccessful) as the new ODD COUPLE with female roommates. He made it a pair of combinations. (Women and her daughters and men) in THE GOODBYE GIRLS. He also added a novelty in 1973 with THE SUNSHINE BOYS. The Broadway drama starring Jack Alberson and Sam Levine as Al Lewis and Willie Clark, aged Vaudevillians The semi-retirement age here, the "apartment" problem, reduced to only the merger of two men who could not stand each other. The 1976 movie starring Walter Matta is Willie and George. Burns is Al, <br /> <br /> In fact, Al may not think that Willie-Willy is a pathologist in the story of Al. The first Al has a slight habit, such as accidentally spraying a little saliva when pronouncing words beginning with the letter "t" and Willy speaks lightly with his index finger on the stage. Secondly, Al departed when his wife died. Willie is not ready to retire (And forced his nephew and agent Ben (Richard Benjamin) trying to find work in the ad But Willy doesn't remember that they are funny. <br /> <br /> Ben asks the two to come together to show a live scene of their most famous figure on a TV show about American Comedy. Went to see Willie and the spark started to fly as if he couldn't figure out what others were doing. (And this is just the rehearsal on Willy's side, confirm the change (secondly, but they leave Al) like saying "ENTER !!!" when Al knocked on the door. The first rehearsal was a failure. But Ben managed to take them to tape the show. The question is if they make the scene in the completed list? Will Willie squeeze Al's neck? <br /> <br /> The three of them are Matt, Burns and Benjamin. Very good. Remind to remember the music poodle. (Example: "The pain ... I am sick of Uncle Willy's chest." Every Thursday I come here and chest pain! "" Come on Friday! ") Benjamin tried hard to prove his uncle's deep love for his uncle, although Matt's rough outer shell would make it difficult. The day of singing) Matthau had a slightly better understanding of reality (at first) than Burns, which seems to be over and over again. But in reality, the world of Matt was rejected. Burns is not an old man - he does things slowly, but it seems that he is happy to accept retirement. <br /> <br /> I call this the "Voyage of Discovery", the last for Lewis. and our modern Clark Al and Willie are above them Old games, as they gradually realized that they had the same old age than they thought. Even Willie, who admitted unacceptable, admitted that Al was probably a pain in the ass. But he is a funny person. <Br> <br /> Burns is not the original choice for "Al Lewis" (su pposedly Dale of Smith and Dale team). Jack Benny used to be Benny would have done a good job. But poor health forced him out (He died in 1975) Burns (whose involvement in the latest film in THE SOLID GOLD CADILLAC in 1956 as a speaker) has shown the good work he has received. " Oscar "for the best actor and must work in the movie in the next decade In movies like OH GOD!; Oh my God, you demon; And into style He died in 1996, aged 100, after proving that he was more than a cunning man Allan, his wife.
