I have seen "miracles still happen" at least four times. I never bored with this great movie. From the beginning, it is considered a person's interest. While the film continued and the plane crashed, the story became more intense when we watched this young woman who tried to survive alone and feared in the Amazon after the plane crashed, which she was the only survivor. The loss of her mother in this plane crash made the film even more remarkable when we saw the danger that this girl had to endure during the ten days she was in Amazon. Thinking that this is true is not true and thinking that anyone who can actually survive this cannot be described when we see wild animals, snakes and other reptiles, large forests and wild animals, including countless insects. While the film continues, we will see the dangers that this woman must face as she tries on the river, hoping that it will lead her to the city. Recalling what her father told her, how the streams would lead to the river, and then became a bigger river, and eventually it would lead to the community. To the big river All throughout the movie Sometimes having to swim in dangerous waters alone, frightened, afraid of injuries, she will continue to move forward. At the end of the film, it was clear that she would no longer be able to continue because she had not eaten for ten days and only had drinking water and was seriously ill and tired from harm Eventually, when she saw a canoe, she realized that she had to have a village and meet her, and they took care of her and took her to the hospital where her father had met her after fearing she would die along with others. This amazing movie and heartfelt to see her father's face when he saw that his daughter was alive after Amazon! This kind of movie didn't do much in those days. I will continue to see it again and I know I will not be bored of it! If you think that this woman is the only survivor in this unspeakable plane! In addition, the fact that she still suffered only minor injuries was even more remarkable, while others on this plane died due to a horrific collision in the Amazon jungle. Great movies, wonderful performances and stories that I will keep forever and like to watch! I would definitely recommend!
