It has been considered as "The Swiss answer to The Lord of the Rings" but it is more than that. It's not an answer at all. It's in itself. New things. Funny and sometimes it's stupid and stupid. - But Monty Python is different from stupid? <br /> <br /> Getting started immediately makes words. That this This film has a low budget and is not intended seriously. The clouds are hard on the wires that bump into the plane where the main character sits. But to compensate for the special effects that have been lost, the landscape therefore uses trickery. It's beautiful and amazing - those who want New Zealand, Switzerland, have everything. <br /> <br /> What I like about this movie is how simple and passionate and enthusiastic. Obvious It's not great But there are some funny things. Edward Piccin, because Friedo is absolutely convinced, it is enough to go to see the movie because he has some good jokes. It's very funny. Some people don't understand people outside Switzerland. Zeland I like the idea of ​​"Urucows" instead of Uruk Hai; I liked the scene where Friedo decided to use the "Pupsi" telehobbie with him on the trip. A very funny scene is the scene when Rackaroll, a knight fighting a sword, decides to show off with his sword and then crashs into the wall. And there was a scene in which the character "nazgul-ish" made an amazing cartoon scene with a toilet brush ... I disagree with the idea of ​​the ring used by Schleimli. The character "Gollum" in order to "Seduce" that woman is quite far away. The idea of ​​Lord Sousse, who wanted to cover the land with fondue, was not as great as well. Of course But not great But most importantly, I do not like the idea of ​​a gay dragon that is not really necessary. All in all, I recommend watching movies just because it's crazy and totally worthless. Don't expect the LotR parody like "Spaceballs" to belong to Star Wars, but if you go to a flick that thinks this will be an enjoyable evening without absolute ambition, you will enjoy it. I'm not sure if it works in other languages, because it's broadcast live from Swiss, as well as from jokes and actors. <br /> <br /> All in all: hide the courage of the crew. Swiss that did that!
