This film reminds me of the 42nd road, starring Bebe Daniels and Ruby Keeler. When I watched this movie, it reminded me of the 42nd road, especially Eloise, a temperamental star, and she fell and broke an ankle like Bebe Daniels at street 42 and another actor became a star. Most car racing that makes people watch because of great entertainment. Race movies always show black entertainment because they are popular in that era. Dance style, music, dress style, you will love it. This movie may be big if done in Hollywood. It will have better scenery, better filming and more money that will make the movie. better But it is worth watching because it is good and Micheaux is doing well with the little things that he has. I have to speak out of all the movies of Micheaux Swing that is the best! This film has a famous singer, dancer, actor and actor. But forgot today, Doli Armena, a great female trumpet player who can blow the trumpets well until you think Gabriel is blowing him in the sky. The sexy female dancer Consuela Harris will make Ann Miller and Gyspy Rose Lee a shame. <br /> <br /> Adding more information ... Popular blues singers in the 20s and 30s Cora Green is the point. Interested in this film She is Mandy, a woman who works hard and well without a good man who uses her money and uses money with other women. A nosy neighbor, played by Amanda Randolph, told Mandy how she saw and heard, and Mandy went to the club and caught her man with the attractive charm and curves of the girl in The name Eloise (played in Hazel Diaz and the battle broke out Then Mandy went to Harlem, where she met the guardian angel Lena, played by one of the most beautiful women in the movie. Dorothy Van Van Ingle Lena gave the house to Mandy to work and help. She became a star when channeling Cora Smith (played by Hazel, I guess she played two parts, or she may change the stage name). Try to destroy the show with her bad behavior. When Cora is drunk and has broken his leg, Lena convinces everyone that Mandy is right for the job and Lena is right and one star is born in Mandy. Carman Newsom is tall, long, gaunt, but handsome. Lena is an ambitious producer who looks out too. Larry Sey Moore, a cute boy, plays a good person. But after Lena threatens him, he may shape up. There are a few highlights. But the thing that stuck to me was the part that Cora Smith (Hazel Diaz) walked to rehearse and go out. Everyone, then her man came in and punched her in the jaw. But that's not enough She almost fought with Mandy again. In the meantime, there was great entertainment by the chorus girl, the dancer, the dancer, the dancer, the swing music and the blues. There are white people who watch entertainment. I wonder if Micheaux found them. There were scenes with blacks and whites sitting together at the club. Micheaux often gathered blacks and whites together in movies. <br /> <br /> This movie is the first movie I like and it helps me introduce Oscar Micheaux. This movie is one of the best types of racing movies, which is a story. Sorry about the background of the show, whether it's bad no <br /> <br /> The film is in the early days may not be the best. Compared with Hallelujah, Green Pastures, Stormy Weather, Cabin In The Sky, Carmen Jones or other Hollywood movies, but they look good because of the first signs of creating black movies and these films give life and Darken Entertainment through the eyes of black people These movies make black people the opportunity to play people from all walks of life, beautiful, classy and elegant, not just a pattern, or that white people feel that blacks should play the same role in Hollywood. Most actors and actors of this film are not the best movies. But they are the only ones that can buy at that time. Micheaux and Spencer Williams cannot buy Nina Mae McKinney, Josephine Baker, Ethel Waters, Fredi Washington, Paul Robeson, Rex Ingram and many other big stars. So Micheaux and the filmmakers Other monochrome races will use nightclub performers in their movies. Some are good. Some are not great actors and actors, but I think Micheaux and others know that most are not good actors and actors. But they were used more than the experiment than the real ability they just wanted to tell their story, and on the other hand many black actors had to show their true talents in the movie. For movies, some real racers / actresses are the only type of film they can work, especially if they don't want to play Hollywood. So I think you will see actors / actors. Indeed, from nightclub performers. Movies about these races are very historical. They may be lost forever. Many people may disappear. Maybe racing movies are not. Tours of the best films. But even Hollywood movies didn't start at the beginning. I think that if the film of the competition goes on, it will be better. If you are looking for a great show, most racing movies are not movies. But if you are looking for real examples of black entertainment and the way black people should display images in movies rather than watching racing movies. There is a movie about entertainment competition with good actors, Moon Over Harlem, Body and Soul, Paradise In Harlem, Punching, Sinners Sunday, Dark Manhattan, Dark Strings, Boy! What A Girl, Mystery In Swing, Miracle In Harlem and Sepia Cinderella that not only have good entertainment But still showing well
