I have not read Kurt Vonnegut's Mother Night (although I have read his other books, a wonderful piece of satire and new game changes) after seeing Keith Gordon's film adaptation in his book. Will be something to read in the near future It is the content that I'm sure it wasn't created in 1995/96. As a movie, it will be picked up immediately at a time when the latter / present-disastrous / WW2 movies are very popular. Much darker, though more synonymous with the nature of playing the role and basic horror of living with post-war life than saying readers. It's about the real danger of hypocrisy during the war, which is what is a secret agent in WW2. <br /> <br /> It will be one thing if Mother Night has a script with a deep temperament and The complexities of continuous moral and role selection - even after the war ended for Howard W. Cambpell (Nick Nolte), which was what was done. But it is just a great technique of movie technique. Keith Gordon is not someone I always think of as a director of really strong material (more - so I think he's back as an outstanding actor Short with Vonnegut himself in Back to School) but this is a revelation He used the story of Campbell as a story of an invincible life: German propaganda ("The only American left in Berlin") who is an American spy But could not reveal his identity as "two countries", both himself and his wife (Sheryl Lee). It followed him from his cell, waiting for trial in Israel in 1961 As he wrote his diary and told his disillusionment about being a 'fake' Nazi and in 1960 in a semi-hidden apartment in New York The majority of the film happened. <br /> <br /> Mother Night may be quite heavy as it may be associated with a pianist. But at the emotional level of the brain rather than the stark poetry of that film Gordon, the way Vonnegut tried to get us to see men who had nothing but memories. (And later as a strange transporter) of his long-lost love in the "sister" who returned to him in NYC, so he was left on his own device when he befriended the painter (Alan Archin is very good here) then is discovered that the Nazis are hiding by a white supremacist newsletter leading to his apartment. On this surface should be just a straightforward spy story. But not straightforward 'Something' in this man's life is shaking. But in the end he chose himself Campbell is one of those characters that can analyze for hours at the end. But the same conclusion may arrive (And on the way back to the mirror, the line that Goebel said): the more lies That is only partly starting to lie and knowing the secret and power of it. <br /> <br /> But oh, it's a matter if it's just a miracle and a sad story or something else if it's. There is a really wonderful performance (which is: Nolte is his best person here and Cherry Lee, which we may remember from Twin Peaks as Laura Palmer. Stuns in many roles, especially in the scenes that she revealed as 'Helga'. In addition, it is a film shot with lights and reflections that reflect the character's thoughts or just the staring or boredom of Time (See the scene in which Old Campbell looks at his own younger movies, ranting, juxtaposition of faces) and choosing songs to increase the level of tragedy. It may be argued that some music is too much. But sometimes it raises the material level through its own amazing size and makes it opera and solemn about human nature. <br /> <br /> It's not a simple movie to use emotions and some The twist has the color of "Oh," just like in any spy story, but it is the overthrow of Vonnegut through the way of appearance and the act of imitating life, imitating life that mimics death and Make It is worth remembering. I don't even know which book is better than this movie. (Or other methods) but now it's hard for me not to recommend this to anyone looking for a masterpiece of storytelling after World War II
