American playwright Howard W. Campbell Junior (Performed as obsolete by Nick Nolte) Living happily in Germany with Helgothoth (Sheryl Lee), his actress's wife before the start of World War II. At the peak of his life, Howard was drafted by an American representative. (John Goodman) is a spy on behalf of the Alliance. Howard has everything to lose. But found that the offer was irresistible After the death of his wife and the end of the war, Campbell conceals the identity of a lonely life in New York City, which makes his nerves even more disorienting. The key question (actually a question that disappointed many critics) ) From Kurt Vonnegut's original film and novel, "Campbell is a Hero or a Traitor?" Director Keith Gordon and the screenwriter Robert B. Weide offer us clues. But without this answer and ambiguity, this thing does not know what is what makes "Mother Night" fresh and interesting throughout At the beginning of the movie, Nolte plays Campbell's role as intelligent and confident. At the end, he may be afraid and unsure or afraid and makes complete support / liabilities for humanity for the role he plays in the war. Gordon uses some ice shadows to portray the first half of the film, which adds a portrait of the Nazi class and captures the dramatic side of Vonnegut. On the other hand, when Campbell was imprisoned in his lonely apartment in New York (Which he called "Hell") with the only love discovered by the Nazi group. The humor produced is unique to the author. From the tremendous tension that unfolds morality (even the soul), the gift "Mother's Night" contradicts not allowing himself to solve simple problems, and at a level that should be left ambiguous, black and white scenes of Camp Campbell Staring into space while he was imprisoned Israel recommends contemplation that is not spoken. We do not do personal matters because Campbell is a character that we work with very little knowledge. The war changed him back to America, changed him and met with the Nazis in New York, forcing him to stretch the face of his "action" further to the point where he stared in fear. On the wall spraying good water against Jews Maybe that was the best reaction we expected.
