The magical moments of life, the point between the beautiful innocence of childhood and the confusing storms .. This is what this movie is about. <br /> <br /> Danni (play miraculously by Reese Witherspoon) At that time in life when the movie began She wielded Elvis, playing his record and recalling love. Maureen, her sister, will soon leave college. There is no problem with attracting beautiful boys and it seems like everything can be understood even if she doesn't. She also dates a local lost father who is her father, and just hopes that she will find a good boy and be swept away from her feet. Danni is like most teenagers who want her to be others. But she herself, because most teenagers think that they are not good enough She wants to be Maureen. <br /> <br /> The time when the adult began to intervene in her life was when she found Court Foster for the first time, the court that his father had died. Moved to an old farm to work with a mother and two brothers He is responsible for having fun. On a hot day, one day he went to the pool and jumped to find Danni emaciated. They shouted and argued and Danni leaves, but they saw each other a day later when Courts' mother invited Danni to visit. An old friend (Danni's parents) Danni became attracted to the court and Court to Danni. She is a tomboy and brave, has an attitude and speaks in her heart. <br /> <br /> The court is 17 and Danni 14 and he knows. But they are still close to their day The pool during the work on the farm. By the time the court kissed her, one day Danny was attacked. Danni's father told her to invite the court to come home and he did it. But what makes the court feel uncomfortable with the "date". Silence, though, is destroyed by meeting Maureen, who has not yet seen the court. One look between both and all over. The face of pain and defeat on Danni's face is both beautiful in their reality, life and pain at the same time. The rest of the movie I will not tell. But this movie has more than the relationship between boys and two sisters. <br /> <br /> The greatness of this film is to convey the moments of life both beautiful and painful. And the relationship between the two sisters whose love was tested by both the boys they loved and the pain they had to endure both together and individually. Eventually, Danni marked her entry into the world. When she saw that the world was not fair, painful and might have less hope when the movie began A few movies that can perfectly capture the magic of childhood and pain from adult age. This movie has since the first time I watched it stuck in my mind. It's on my list of top 100 movies and deserves I just hope that there will be more movies like this, because if so .. my belief in Hollywood will be much better.
