When I heard about the first performance, I heard a lot about it and it received good reviews. I watched the first episode of "Forensic mythology" as it proclaimed itself and I was attracted to it. I love it since This program has good humor and fun to watch good programs like this. The actors are excellent as their characters and I don't want to change them in any way. <br /> <br /> For those who are not familiar with this show, Pushing Daisies are centered around a man. Ned (aka The Pie Maker), played by Lee Pace), who discovered a special gift when he was a boy: he can turn the dead back to life by using a finger. The first time he did that with his dog, Dick. However, there is a catch: if he makes the dead live for more than a minute, others die He learned this when he brought his mother back to life and his father, who was infatuated with his childhood, died in Mae Ned's place. Another thing is that if he touches the person again, he will die again. But this time is good He learned this when his mother kissed him. Good night. His father took him to a boarding school, and when he left, Ned never saw his father again. <br /> <br /> Almost 20 years later, Ned is the owner of a cleverly named bakery pie. Pie "Olive Snook (Kristin Chenoweth) Ned's colleague is passionate about Ned. But Ned denied her movement, trying to not get close to anyone by learning from past experiences. Private investigator Emerson Cod (Chi McBride) discovered the gift that Ned had and decided to make him a partner in solving. Murder case Ned touches the victim, asking if anyone killed them, and when that minute is gone, he touches it again and they solve it. That's how they often solve problems. Throughout the murder, there are interesting plans and the ones that the least expectation. <br /> <br /> One day, Ned discovers that his next murder to solve the problem is Charlotte. "Chuck" Charles (Anna Friel). He brought her back to life and decided to break the rules and make her live. In her place, the funeral director who stole jewelery from dead bodies When Emerson discovered and when Chuck wanted to help fix the murder, he didn't see it for a while. We heard him call Chuck 'Dead girl'. All of this was kept secret from Olive, the aunt of Chuck Vivian and Lily (Ellen Greene And Swoosie Kurtz, respectively) and everyone else. For this, in the event that everyone remembers her from obituaries, news, etc., swimmers didn't leave home for years. Emerson, Ned and Chuck agreed. Will work together Ned and Chuck begin to love each other, even if they are no longer able to touch each other. <br /> <br /> This performance is funny, with great characters composed of PTSD. Distorted I hope it will not be canceled in episode 13.
