"Pushing Daisy" Of course, it's one of the best TV shows of its kind in the last 5 years. Agree with you? Creator Brian Fuller has amazing creativity. He is the idea behind other great TV shows, such as "Dead Like Me" (2003), "Wonderfalls" (2004) and another, not as big as these shows. But also interesting. "Heroes" (2006) It is a mix of the wonderful world that Brian Fuller created on the previous TV program again, blending the amazing fantasy world with true people disguised as colorful images and feelings. Exaggerated, something that the fairy tale is often Therefore, as a fairy tale, you cannot expect more than an unrealistic world and unexpected situations or many expected situations. But not the way it always tells <br /> <br /> souvenirs With a curse and something sweet, it can be bitter. Ned (Lee Pace), The Piemaker is a simple person with interesting gifts. In addition to being an amazing chef, he can give life to the dead by touching. This may be the power that everyone must die - or live - because if not for something simple and sad: he can give death forever if he touches it again. The curse of this amazing gift doesn't stop there ... Everything is compensated and if he brings anything to life for more than a minute He is full of unfortunate events in his life as he grew older, thinking that he was afraid to touch everything and lost what he had once loved. Until the last day that he would be closer to his greatest childhood love, Chuck (Anna Friel), if not for the sad truth again: she died and he gave her life again and she loved He's as much as he does. But this love cannot be touched True Death Kiss And that is the beginning of a beautiful beautiful fairy tale. <br /> <br /> When I heard about "Daisy Push" for the first time. It was promoted as a very familiar thing. Created from "Pee-Wee's Great Adventure" (1985) to "Big Fish" (2003) and "Charlie And The Cholate Factory "(2005) The results may not improve. The world around The Pie Hole is very beautiful. The stories around Ned and the detectives. (Kai McBride) to solve unresolved crimes that can be found online on TV But this is just a way to guide people through the amazing stories around the characters like Chuck and Olive (Kristin Chenoweth) in the wonderful world. Of beautiful and dreamy images that you can experience the taste of color Not only that, you are also combined with a group of characters that are gentle and attractive, even the darkest humorous characters. <br /> <br /> Forget about the concepts of murder and unsolved crimes. Victory in many other things. The actors here are well-known. Lipez is gentle, gentle and has the character as requested Anna Friel is a character that shows that her character should be But the most wonderful moments are usually supporting actors such as Chi McBride (Detective Emmerson Cod), Swoozie Kurtz (as Lily Charles), Ellen Greene (as Vivian Charles) and Kristin Chenoweth (eg Olive Snook) Swoozie Kurtz shines a character that is so dry that it is overwhelmed by the unimaginable humor that might make the clowns afraid because of course she has the best dialogue and expression and her body language is fascinating. But if the best dialogue is given by Swoozie and her character, the most funny moment will be given by Kristin Chenoweth. She seems to be impromptu all the time, so she enjoys nature until every scene is a show. Christine shines very brightly in the show that winning the 2009 Emmy Award from her supporting role in the performance is very fair and appropriate. There is also an amazing chemistry between the actors and their characters. <br /> <br /> There is no word to show what this TV program is and what it means. For those who think that this show is a waste of time or claims that there is no reason for it because it must open your heart and come back to the time that they may never have before: childhood <br /> <br /> The truth. Be told ... TV has never had the courage to watch TV programs as well as this amazing program. "Daisy pushing" is an important step in the great artistic entertainment and their sudden death is a disrespectful thing. It is true that the TV does not respect the wonderful TV programs that Brian Fuller created - except for the "heroes" that are still airing and far from the same magic as other programs.
