After reading two or three negative reviews on the IMDb main page for "Pushing Daisies" and a few minutes ago when watching the final episode, I thought it was time for me to talk about PD's thoughts. /> <First of all, to fix some problems that I have seen other people with in this list: There are some things in the line of "I expect people who are awakened from death to have a more realistic reaction." Is this realistic? Pushing Daisies is a truly pure and complete escape. It's a color palette, a dialogue that uses situations, music situations: all for me, it's just an escape from everyday life. Escape from the mundane and boring. This is where Daisy pushing beyond what should be pushing Daisy is not for everyone: Most TV viewers don't "get" for some people. It goes out and is too stupid. But for people like me, even when I first watched it (Season 2's Frescorts) and I was blown away by acting. Then I bought the whole set of boxes and they barely got out of the DVD player. Other people I know can't stand. It seems to be a real Marmite. <br /> <br /> The performance of Ned Piemaker's adventures with a magic finger that brings back Charlotte's childhood. Charlotte Working with a private investigator, Emerson Cod owns a Pie-hole and has an Olive Snook waitress. The main member of the cast is Aunt Lily and Vivian, who Charlotte (Chuck) has never been allowed to watch. They live in a fantasy world where the dead are brought back to life again. Everything is shown in bright colors and described by Jim Dale. <br /> <br /> In addition to the basic summary of my performances Can't praise it more without saying: Just watch it. Although being attacked by the writers of the Guild of America, which only has 22 episodes, it has a plot about the story, the characters and the wonderful situation at the end (for me) I can tell. Pinned at the end and hurried But I'm still happy with the way it goes out), whether it's creativity or just pretending to a lot of people. (Also included) It makes the most attractive and exciting viewing and I hope the future of television will be more and more like this, so I do not have only 22 people, 40 minutes of true memories of entertainment.
