Dr. Fanshawe (Mark Letheren), a young archaeologist, was sent by his museum chief to the large house of Squire Richards (Pip Torrens) where his mission was to find and collect items of antiquities and antiques. To the late father, The Squire was surprised when he arrived at Fanshawe. He didn't expect him again for a week. But no one welcomed him and received only one servant. Patten (David Burke .. from the famous Dr. Watson) to take him to his room As a fan, Shaw must stay for several days to complete the job. The shirt seems to be unfriendly and does not seem to satisfy the special work that Fanshaw's visit will bring to a large empty house with lots of cooking, cleaning and maintenance for him. Fanshawe is the person who Messy, elaborate and precise, everything that is, whether it is clothes or books and documents, and he is quite disgusted with the dirt in his room No need to say that he is quite keen to start his work. But opening the box, he found that his binoculars were damaged during transportation, so he asked the follower for the replacement of The Squire, a modern thinker. The story is also eager to get rid of the chaos around the house, so he forced and walked to Fanshawe to the top of the hill so he could explore the real estate and surrounding villages. There Squire brought him to the point of interest, including To Gallows Hill, where the villagers were hung with his criminal and guilt, his interests were led by the local temple, which Squire described as ruins but Fanshaw e can see through binoculars that are clearly not Visit the temple website and be shocked to find that there is But little stone fragments? Fanshaw had not had enough time to think about this puzzle while he was in the dark. He felt he was being watched. He felt that he had existed. He began to see the shadows moving in the forest. Running home In the evening he told the details of his harrowing day to the coat and heard this story and suggested an explanation for it .. Binoculars! They used to be local people named Baxter, who seemed to collect bones and skulls from Gallows Hill, which boiled them for mixing or else. Baxter had mysteriously disappeared. One night, the master had possessed his belongings. To mask Made from skulls and old sculptures of the area These carvings make fans Shaw fascinated when seeing the images of the temple he saw through binoculars. But he knew that the temple was destroyed during the reign of Henry VII and therefore it was impossible for Baxter to draw sketches And dated by Baxter until the past, so he concluded that the binoculars had special powers That night, he had a horrible dream. When he woke up, he set out with binoculars to explore them closely. What he discovered surprised him. But he put himself in danger by doing so? Eventually, Shaw's girlfriend was caught in an intoxication in danger when the darkness in the Squire and the party searched to find the missing archaeologists. At this point, they will be warned by the crow's cry dozens of times. Round above the HIll Gallows. They will speed up. In time to help or help Shaw's girlfriend from his destiny? The ghost story for the Christmas movie series created by the BBC. Sadly, the first work of the film in 1978 with the ice house, they mostly depend on the work of the university. James the Great 2005 and 2006 in the series revived in a short time and thanks to the view from the hills, he returned to James's work, a haunted ghost writing that read many generations. The director Luke Watson, who has just recently known the series, may have fans who are worried about the old movie. But he returned to the era that was abandoned by the next film, which immediately set the tone for the wonderful ghost story. The mood of the boss works and gradually creates fear factors for every terrifying climax while keeping things that the audience sees to the minimum, causing tension and mystery. The autumn countryside is rich in the atmosphere, the leaves fall and the cold sunlight. The actors have to say that it is a great person. The idea behind the binoculars is simple. But very effective, using man-made objects to see supernatural beings and unseen eye events may influence Álex de la Iglesia in the movie La habitación del niño (2006) of the following year, which There are impressive similarities. I have heard various reviews of this film. But I have to say that I find it interesting all the time and it makes the hairs on my head have a little bit of hair and shakes me a little, something that doesn't happen much today. This movie is caused by pacing which makes my eyes perfect. But for modern audiences, it will be seen as a slow death, even if it takes 40 minutes to develop the character and plot expansion and I have to say it's my favorite movie and one of the The best movie of the decade
