In 2005, saw the work of filming the movie "War of the Worlds", which is not less than 3 stories. This may be the least known and best for them. There is no other version of WotW ever tried. But presented as many stories as Wales wrote But also to create an atmosphere of time that it should happen: the last year of the 19th century, 1900 ?? Use the original settings of Wells, both in and near Woking, England. <br /> <br /> IMDb seems unfriendly to what they see as "spoilers" that may be used for some movies that are now The end may be a surprise. But for one of the most famous novels in the world I do not have sympathy for people who are not interested in reading literary works in English literature, so we came to the right place with the chase. Aliens were destroyed through the capture of the world diseases, which they had no immunity. If it is a spoiler After 3 other books and movies (including classic movies in 1953), you should know how this story ends. <br /> <br /> This film, which follows from the main plot of Wales In a way that may cause a large number of viewers to leave due to ignorance in the late 19th century / early 20th century photography, although the filming of widescreen movies will be long to impress General skin color and clothing showing sepia colors that are common in old photos (More than black) The color often reminds of hand-dyeing. Sometimes the color will be washed. These patterns are typical of the early movies, which do not use standard celluloid stock, therefore offering many good print quality changes, even from black / white to sepia / white to blue / White is red / white etc. As you see on the occasion here Special effects are deliberately downgraded. And the Martians and their machines are as much as Wales describe them and have a more realistic "feeling" Are some effects really awkward ?? Such as the destruction of Big Ben The performances are usually in the form of that era more than ours. Some aspects of the Victorian dress may look strange, especially with the wearing of oil or hair on the head and hair on the face. <br /> <br /> This film is the only film that follows with the original storytelling of Wales? As has been noted The audience may find that it is the information that will record the plot details that appear here, which are sometimes stored in other stories. Welsh descriptions of the Martians? The giant head stuck on many tentacles? Is a powerful image When the Mars machine appeared for about an hour in the movie, they were also impressed by the way Wales described them as well. Both Wells and the film did a great job of showing Martian progress from the point of view. Limited (mostly) of the English countryside? Including some scenes in London (Relating to the narrator's brother) The director cannot resist the display of the destruction of the landmark (Big Ben), but at least not at the destruction of London so much. <br /> <br /> Victory The Martians are hardly surprised. Even being destroyed by artillery of some machines The narrator travels to find an escape. See what Wales has to say. "The defeat of humanity" He met with a group of executives with precious Victorian misery and an impatient personality. Eventually they found themselves on the edge of Mars, where they discovered a terrifying truth: the Martians showed that they were vampires that ate their prey, both in a very powerful scene. Wells added that after eating, they set up. "Long and cheerful honking" Finally, the narrator is obliged to overcome the increasingly mysterious senses, who revived as the Martians dragged him out to the food storage cabinet. (Cheers from the gallery; The English system administrators are often unable to speak fully. <br /> <br /> This film takes almost 3 hours through the story of Wales. Is it about the time the author gets his ?? In an interesting presentation that has a huge impact Words about acting: Do not expect the award-winning performance. However, they are not bad. Actors have real intentions and they will grow with you. However, most of them have a very difficult film career, often only in this film. The Narrator, played by Anthony Piana, famous for his second film, Curate is John Kaufman ?? In his second film as an actor But with more directing experience, Brother ("Henderson") played with confidence by W. Bernard Bauman. In his first film, Artilleryman was just another large part that Played by James Lathrop in his first film. <br /> <br /> This is an excellent film that is shown for the first time in the world war. Despite the slight flaws But it is still better than the losing opponent If you want to see the war H. H. Wells' of the world? And not all distorted versions? Watch this movie!
