Imagine that you can have everything you need to go wherever you desire, as anything you have ever dreamed of - by thinking alone. Now imagine that you are sharing this gift with the love of your life. What are you going to do Will this power be worth your soul? This is the dilemma presented to Captain Christopher Pike in "The Cage". The legendary pilot episode of the original Star Trek series is famous. "Too Little Brain" and "Too Cold" by NBC Brass and Denied "The Cage" is still the most ambitious and costly pilot ever in the history of the network at that time and Gene Roddenberry doesn't want everyone. That effort and expense became the result of a classic movie of Star Trek, which buried "The Cage" as a story, a deeper frame, and expanded the emotional and philosophical depth of the story that this haunting place is an important place in history. TV from the first truly serious sci-fi story ever shot in a small screen ... Star Date 3012: USS Enterprise changed to Starbase 11 after Mr. Spock received an instant message from Surprisingly, the former commander of the Enterprise was surprised that the message could not come from Captain Pike at all because he was now imprisoned in a wheelchair and horribly crippled after a tragic accident. Kirk and Starbase Commodore Commander Mendez tries to go to the end of the mystery. But before the story disappears, Spock - for reasons unknown - commits a rebellion, opens the kidnapping of Captain Pike and Hijack Company through a sharp and timeless thinking plan that has been helped by the pressure of the line. Vulcan nerve Soon the organization was heading to Talos IV's forbidden remote planet. Mendez informed Kirk that Talos IV was under a ban and contact with the planet by a ship or Starfleet employee immediately carrying the death penalty, meaning that Spock seems to be Destroy yourself deliberately and Kirk as well because the captain will be responsible. For boat activities Shocked by Kirk and Mendez chasing the space shuttle, which is dangerous when the organization refuses to answer or pick up vehicles until the power and oxygen are almost gone. Spock - knowing that Kirk must be a man Who followed the ship - certainly could not deliver the captain to death After ordering the ship to be restored and the people on board, Spock reveals what he has done with the genuine and needs to be arrested after setting the spacecraft in the path back to Talos IV from the command. Who assumed that the church needed an explanation, and then Spock requested a military court by the military court of Starfleet, Commander-in-Chief, who had three men on board - Mendez, the church and the disabled Captain Pike were not correct. Spock's encyclopedic knowledge about Starfleet regulations allowed him to manage the court to allow him to show unacceptable evidence. Spock presented a video recording of the only contact that had been made between the federal and Talos IV-travels. It took 13 years earlier by the organization under the command of Pike Kirk to express Wondering about the accuracy of the video because it has a very high profile. But the truth of the incident was confirmed by Pike himself, who became the victim of Talos IV by demanding from the alleged survivors. The boat that crashed there 18 years ago in the survivors is Vina. The amazing beauty that is said to have occurred before the disaster. The spear was attracted to the girl and helped her to lure him to a lonely spot, whereupon he was waylaid and captured by the Talosians. The bisexual man's bisexual race had enormous skull capacity and the power to change his mind into reality. virtual After Pike's arrest, the rest of "The survivors" disappeared because no one was really, except Vina, ending when the court knew that Spock's "evidence" in reality was sent to the organization directly from Talos IV in violation of Star regulations. Starfleet Fleet orders to stop the signal immediately and we wonder what will happen next ... to continue to review "The Menagerie: Part II"!
