The first and second pieces of the circus are just 2 parts during the 3-year period of the original Trek series and because Roddenberry can insert most of the images from the 1st pilot, "Cage". Moves made from the need to fight Problem determining the production time (For example, the SF show back in the 1960s was a tricky thing to do at the time) One thing that was positive was the audience who didn't know that the production pilot, nearly two years earlier, was treated to the crew. And the new captain for both episodes atop the normal character as if the producer spent twice as much. Money in these episodes to present a TV epic that spans dozens of years of Starfleet history (although they still use words like 'United Space Fleet' at first). <br /> <br /> The surrounding story Start up The plot of the mystery about space: the organization was diverted to Starbase 11 for reasons unknown and soon Spock was suspected in these axes. Although the authenticity is the fact that Spock's Vulcan heritage makes it impossible to live. But it turns out that Spock is showing a plan for the rebels to control our precious spacecraft and kidnap his former captain. Spock is half human. We often forget. Or is he mad? It may be a good thing because he ordered the Enterprise to go to Talos IV, which is an infinite planet. It is the only known death penalty in Starfleet's book. Once the jig is exhausted, there will be a wonderful scene of Spock, who surrendered to McCoy, was sluggish while Uhura looked in shock. Even Kirk always has stability as a captain. But did not know what to do with the first illogical actions of the military. <br /> <br /> In the 3rd and final action, the company from 13 years ago when Capt. Pike was the commander and Spock was One of his staff We don't really know what will happen and what Spock hopes to achieve - and that's another thing that makes this a very good 2 parts - we need to find out what it is in Part 2. Not only Spock had to face severe penalties. But it seems that Kirk's career might end as well. Double risk This is the first episode of the television broadcast to be one of those shuttle buses. (There is no in the previous episode "The Enemy Inside" when it is necessary to use real crafts.) There is also one of the intricate matte paintings to convey the atmosphere of the future star base. - This is the only way to see things. At that time, finally, examining how Kirk was satisfied at the beginning of the episode - the boys did things on his side while the story went
