Oh, dear, another example of "Oireland" and religion. No doubt we can see the ridiculous nonsense that has "Independent freedom fighter That was my initial reaction when the credit started. But only an hour and a half later I was in shock Which movie is great? <br /> <br /> The story begins on the wedding day between Sean Cloney and Sheila Kelly. In the 1950s there was a minor problem because they were married in a Catholic church and that was Sheila, a Protestant. But in order for the wedding to happen, Sheila pledged that her children would be raised by Catholics and attend Catholic schools when they were 'old enough. The story - which was established in 1950, then leaps forward a few years when the daughter Cloney is going to school, but Sheila has decided that they will attend a local Protestant school. <br /> <br /> Let me put the cards on the table and say that even though there are Catholic, Catholic and Protestant heritage in Scotland. But I was raised as an unbeliever and believed that I was God throughout my life. In fact, when talking about religion, I consider myself a Marxist and a religion, a cynical weapon used to deal with people. Sharing love shows what happens when a self-appointed moral guardian takes it to tell others how to think and believe. I would like to say that if Karl Marx saw this movie, he would love it and call it a masterpiece or not? Maybe I shouldn't do it because this drama shows what happens when others think of you. <br /> <br /> To answer two reviewers who claim that this movie is the worst propaganda. Do not claim to know the exact details of what happened in County Wexford and there is no denying that his Staff Stafford and his Catholic sheep are described as bad people. But Sheila is not perfect Think of a woman who lived in a rural village in the 1950s, Ireland, who pledged to bring her children to Catholics and change their minds and believe that there will be no effect from this story? This is a warning to pledge and not treat them. Not only that But she disappeared so that others could take parts of their broken lives In addition, there are some things that no one can choose, and that is the only character that has all kinds of virtues, namely the former IRA male Andy Bailey, who shows courage, not because he is a former IRA member. (That causes change We are not talking about the devil here) but just because he is an unbeliever in God who decides to think for himself. <br /> <br /> The love that separates is a great movie that There are many things to say to yourself all. Which I agree with If there is any criticism, it feels more like TVM than the movie. But believe me that I can live with it and it is important to watch everyone who thinks religion is opium of the masses
