It takes Shakespeare's beauty and sophistication to create justice for this great movie. However, I will throw it away. <br /> <br /> As far as Hamlet's modifications, this use is a better starting point than all other versions because it covers all the plays. Still, this does not guarantee to receive first-class movies or even good stories. Usually I'm not too much for the protracted movies and trends that seem to be prevalent in Hollywood today. That is, the movie should be at least two hours long, especially three, which is a hope. That will not be long There are only a few things that are strong enough to withstand extensive surveys and can be done with some cuts. Creating a four-hour movie and making it interesting is not a small matter, but Kenneth Branagh pulled it out with flying colors. He managed to create a movie that is no longer than a typical movie. I am completely determined from beginning to end. <br /> <br /> The actor is great with Kenneth Branagh himself as a torture prince who gives a strong and memorable performance. He was able to convey his senses with admiration through his voice and did not need to be an expert in Shakespeare's poetry to capture the many emotions that were altered within him. Kate Winslet was a great surprise. I must say I don't know what to expect. I like you enough to be an actor. But not sure if she can play Shakespeare She definitely eliminates all doubts with her performance. She is the best Ophelia I have ever seen and borrowed intuition in the characters and is great. Other great performances include Derek Jacobi as Claudius, Richard Briers, Polonius and Nicholas Farrell in Horatio, but only a handful. I like the fact that Branagh uses the world famous actor in the second chapter. I am particularly happy between Hamlet and Gravedigger, played by Billy Crystal. <br /> <br /> The 19th century drama scene gives a welcome change to the Gothic style. It is lighter than other versions that I've seen more colors and extravagance. But this doesn't distract from the tragedy of playing. It is excellent, stylish, and is aesthetically pleasing, of course happy to the eyes and other senses as well. Patrick Doyle's music is always magical and consistent with the movie. We can feel deeply satisfied after seeing this. I was shocked and shocked that this magnificent art was not awarded the Academy Award for the best picture. Moreover, in order not to be nominated. There is no way to have a better movie that was made that year or other years for that matter. This is close to the perfection that you can expect. <br /> <br /> In summary, it's a pure genius job and I can't see who can take this thing. My hat is closed to Mr Branah.
