Many people do not think that Branagh's Hamlet movie is good, but I have to admit that I think it's great. Like almost every production of Shakespeare, it has problems and must be chosen hard, not all that works. What about "All secret doors", for example, cannot be used. That element never succeeded in the metaphors or metaphors that it tried to do, which resulted in the drama being too loud and losing the trademark sense of the thousands of mysteries that appeared. This is the biggest problem of this production. And while it's a big deal, I want to say that it's the only problem. Almost everything else came out absolutely beautiful. Okay, so Branagh is okay too old for the title role. And the relationship with Ophelia seems to be a little forced And he is too hysterical, but that doesn't have any other complaints. Despite these shortcomings, I think this model is semen and if it's not a powerful drama like it should be, it's a literary work that should be equal. Together we get the complete message about the longest version of the play, bringing to the screen creatively and expensively, most of which are pronounced in the form Perfect and modern and easily understood - although sometimes they will speak too quickly. But during Shakespeare's time, it is impossible to speak slowly enough that the audience will truly appreciate the depth of the language. For that, we have to delve deeper into the published version of the play. <br /> <br /> All the actors of this version are fully engaging and classic (including Jack Lemmon) Julie Christie as Gertrude is one of the best that has ever existed, and even American actors are surprising. Charlton Heston as a King Player - Who would have thought! (The story is about to happen when Heston once played Hamlet on the stage and when the front-line critics couldn't stand his humming performance and said aloud, "This is terrible!" Stage: "I'm not writing this shit! "Of course, it may not be true. But it's a joke - and if true, the brave and ironic choice for Branagh to include Heston here) Robin Williams as "Young Ozric" is probably not enough for now. But he makes it a guaranteed joke. <br /> <br /> Overall, it's a very well produced version, with the most important scenes in my heart. Very memorable Of course, I watched this movie while I was interested in Shakespeare (and at the same time as Luhrmann's formidable Romeo + Juliet) and it made me very impressed that I had to impress me. Br / <br /> Everything was right. Considering that I had to pronounce Hamlet of Branagh as someone I liked with the BBC 1980 version of BBC Derek Jacobi. Soon I might like Shakespeare's Branagh to work more than most people. Finding him as an interpreter and being an expert The Popular with attractive attitude towards words and deep and appropriate appreciation In the world of the brightest Shakespeare performers, two of them remained Olivier and Branagh, and while Olivier was a great actor, Bragg brought Shakespeare. Pier descended from the base of the high head, high head and turning point. There is no dignity. I believe Branagh brings Shakespeare that is smarter than the world has ever seen. <br /> <br /> And 10 out of 10 for the mighty hamlet.
