When I read Hamlet for the first time, I couldn't help thinking of FORRAUNE OUTRAGEOUS's ending when Bett Middler played the drama because he wasn't sure who he was and said "Give me Romeo every day" Five actions of a man trying to decide whether to kill his uncle or not? It seems to be overkill with me, but when reading more I start to really appreciate playing. I've seen the movie version of Olivier and Gibson (and are part of Nicol Williamson) and they all brought their models from the sad Danish Olivier. At least Olivier did it without having to rely on himself. But Gibson and from what I saw Williamson looked like they were going to "Look, my mother is acting! School <br /> <br /> Now, the version of Kenneth Branagh has been amazing, from beginning to end. It finished # 2 in the top ten of 1996 (behind the British patients and ahead of LONE STAR, JERRY MAGUIRE, FARGO, SECRETS & LIES. Everyone says I love you, flirting with the Big Night disaster and looking at Richard) and it's the best village and probably the best Shakespeare. Obviously, the talent of Branagh as the producer of the full-length film in print, 70mm and not interested in us for four hours is great. But what seems to be overlooked in the discussion about this film is his performance. This is my favorite show of the year. Branagh avoids the melodrama, which the actors seem to be stuck by playing hamlet. Is a normal human being and allows us to understand his actions and feelings in each step And unlike Olivier, which is largely based on his voice, Branagh uses his entire body to show the emotional range that Hamlet must pass. But since he plays normally, unlike chewing the scenery, <br /> <br /> The remaining actors are excellent as well. I'm not interested in Jack Lemmon, although I agree that he is the weakest member of the actor. The biggest surprise came from Charlton Heston; I always find him hard as a director. But he was quite a commanding officer as Player King. Another important surprise was Billy Crystal; I think I thought he was wrong as the 1st Gravedigger, but he was a normal clown while in character. In conclusion, it's a famous movie!
