This is the second time in two stories filmed "Hamlet". In the early days, the first film of Franco Zeffirelli, starring Mel Gibson from the 1990 version of Zeffirelli, as well as Laurence Olivier from 1948, is based on the script. Synopsis The original text was cut. (I've never seen Richard Richardson's 1969 version before, but when running for less than two hours or shorter than Zeffirelli's, I think it's too short.) Kenneth Branagh is trying to do something more ambitious - the movie is based on the entire content of the script. The drama takes about 4 hours. <br /> <br /> With his "Henry V" Branagh claims the crown of Olivier as the leading theater of Shakespearean Confirming his claim, "Much Ado about Nothing", a rare example of a great movie from the movie Shakespeare "Hamlet" is Shakespeare's third film as a director. (He also served as Iago in Oliver Parker in 1995, "Othello") and as anyone would expect, it's different from Previous films were filmed in a villa on the hills of Tuscany and the beautiful surrounding countryside, a fun summer movie about everything that makes life worthwhile. <br /> <br /> "Hamlet " on the other hand Winter depth (The flowers in the details of the death of the heroine suggest that Shakespeare thinks about the actions that took place during the summer season.) The look of the film is particularly distinctive, both elegant and cool. It was filmed at Blenheim Palace, which is probably England's greatest home. But it is a prohibitive place Snowy outside scenes are cold and cold. The interior is formal and exquisite. Operations improved in the mid-nineteenth century; The female character wears the exquisite fashion of that era while the main character wears a beautiful military uniform. (There is a difference here with Zeffirelli's movies, both the interior and the attire being deliberately weakened in tone.) The drama is dominated by the image of corruption and decay. The intention of Branagh may be different to the beautiful surface as well. "Spoiled things in the Danish state" <br /> <br /> This film is outstanding for many big-name actors. Minor role (Blink, and you might miss John Gieldgud or Judi Dench). Clearly, every actor wants a production company that is worried about four hours of movies. Some imported Hollywood stars, such as Robin Williams's Osric, didn't really come out, but others, like Player King of Charlton Heston or Billy Crystal's first Gravedigger, played very well. Yorick would normally see only a skull. Only here is seen in the past played by British comedian Ken Dodd. Blessed Brian, who often plays as a cheerful character, is a ghost type character, and makes the scene he truly looks scary. <br /> <br /> The protagonist is perhaps Okelia's weakest point. Kate Winslet Branagh's leading woman in his first two Shakespeare films is Emma Thompson, his wife. But their marriage ended in divorce in 1995. However, I found myself thinking of Thompson. Although Winslet came in Ophelia's crazy scene, she seemed weak in the previous period, in which her character is still conscious (I like Helena Bonham Carter in Zeffirelli's version). Richard Briers played Polonius with more dignity. That he often gets to be a wise and experienced counselor rather than an old fool Julie Christie brings prestige to the role of Gertrude; There is no effort here, just as with Gibson and Glenn Close in the Zeffirelli version, to suggest something realistic between her and Hamlet. (The interpretation that was owed to Freud more than Shakespeare did) The age difference between Christie and Branagh was good enough for them to be credited as mothers and children. (Gertrude Olivier's Eileen Herli was exaggerated at the age of thirteen years younger than him.) <br /> <br /> Branah said his intention to revive those scenes. Which is often cut in the film series is The drama is about national and domestic tragedies. "The extreme stress was placed in the war with Norway and Norway. Prince Fortinbras - all sub-plans by Zeffirelli. The emphasis on this national tragedy may be best expressed in the manner of Claudius. Sometimes playing as one-dimensional villain There is something about Derek Jacobi's performance, which shows that Claudius seems to be a good person under different circumstances. But he allowed himself to stray with ambition and sexual desire He may be a good servant and loyal to his brother. But chose to rule as a bad king Although he was tortured by guilt But he was unable to see a way to compensate for the evil he had done. Branagh, who speaks fluently in Shakespeare's poems, is great in the main role. Like Gibson, he had little time for the old concept of Hamlet as a purposeful, inert and sluggish. He is an energetic and powerful hamlet, which is best shown to fight against Laertes. His guiding principles are not despair in the world. <br /> <br /> It's a bet that Branagh created a four-hour epic and the movie did not work well at the box office. However, it has been appreciated by many critics that James Berardinelli has a special enthusiasm. My own opinion is that regardless of financial returns Focusing on the full text, he can bring the full meaning and emotional power full of Shakespeare's most complex plays. When I watch his "Much Ado", I say it's the greatest movie. As had been in his comedy Shakespeare's "Hamlet", probably the greatest movie ever in Shakespeare's tragedy. 10/10
