The image of a movie-driven financial studio instead of creating without truth (In fact, it is more true than false) This is the question of why Castle Rock Entertainment allowed Kenneth Branagh to create an uncut full version of "Hamlet" with his creative control above all else. Of course, Branagh must accept some demands. (Starring and 2.5-hour versions for openness) But why does the movie studio allow the brand to spend money in the 4-hour version that they only know a few people? At least in this case, they have sufficient respect for the material and vision of Branagh to create something for only a few people? That's not a question I can answer. For whatever reason, this is a glorious vision for those who are willing to spend four hours watching "Hamlet". Everyone knows this, so I won't spend that much time on that. However, unlike other production of the stage plays, this is a complete cut production that has never been done before. According to Shakespeare, never intended to give the player a uncut style, allowing the decision to be included in the director's discretion. I do not doubt that he will be able to see it. Bard will be happy with the production of Branagh. <br /> <br /> The film is the most heavy with all the movie stars. Thinking that Branagh was too old to play as Hamlet, and while he remained in his acting more than he did Hamlet is a complex part that expresses every emotion from grief to anger, happiness to madness, and everything. During that time, Branagh nailed it. Derek Jacobi was great, like Claudius, the hypocrisy and deception Betrayal makes these things move His unique voice, perfect for the role of Julie Christie, is very good, just like Gertrude, the mother who cares for Hamlet, who doesn't know what happened until late. <br /> <br /> Classic actors (Judi Dench is open to everyone, 60 seconds and no lines), but at least in it. Surprisingly, no one cares about this. Everyone gave everything and showed A special mention must go to Jack Lemmon and the wonderful Billy Crystal. Robin Williams is too stupid. But he is not bad (Now he is still small) <br /> <br /> But this is an undeniable performance of Branagh. He adapted one of the most famous plays in history and in doing so he made the whale of the project. It's impressive that he accomplished it. But the fact that this movie is a great success What I like about this movie is that you don't have to be a Shakespearean scholar to enjoy it. As most people know Shakespeare is difficult to digest But Branagh and his actors understand this. "Hamlet" is still very fun. Just sit and listen to the actors with great conversations and great performances. <br /> <br /> Is something that everyone must not miss May last for four hours But definitely worth it
