First, what I don't like The performance was not standardized. Hamlet really was. Branagh is above all, making a lot of yelling. In my opinion, the actor who is not a famous actor will always do better. Although I exclude Billy Crystal and Robin Williams (and Charlton Heston too) But I was not sure if he was playing as a hack.) The large amount of ambiguity in playing was clearly resolved one way in the incident. <br /> <br /> What I think is saying a lot in favor. Of this play is that it can be accessed Shakespeare is hard to understand most people today; Many people do not want to try because they are famous as serious literature and ancient English. If they see this film, they will clearly understand at least one person interpreting the play. They will see it more as Shakespeare's audience sees: playing with sword and fighting battles and great kings and nobles, murder and intercourse and evil plans and ghosts - And great art, if anyone is interested in looking for it Shakespeare's day couldn't be more than most people do now. Branagh's compulsion and compulsion to interpret his story with the audience may distract from Shakespeare's art. But it is better that modern audiences will receive this work instead of anything. <br /> <br /> I must say in another way that some people complain that "it was built in the 19th century and that Not Shakespeare's time "During Shakespeare's time, their costumes and scenery were their day for all of their play. Shakespeare may have SAID in the days of ancient Rome or in the Middle Ages of Denmark or whatever. But he did not dress the characters like them, he used the costume at his own time For the same reason that his plays are full of unusual For example, in King John, English and French, there are cannons - on the day of Robin Hood in Julius Caesar. They spoke of chimneys that would not have been invented for thousands of years, and in Henry IV they spoke of Machiavelli, who has not Born So I think this objection is foolish - you may complain that the play is not in Danish.
