Is still a school age and must learn Shakespeare for almost four years (Which is very interesting for the writer, no matter how good) I didn't expect to enjoy this movie when my English teacher was on; I think it's a movie. General English lessons: bad performances, bad shot, poorly resolved, and obnoxious old conversations. So, as you can tell, I'm all. But ready to enter the coma from the beginning However, I watched and my confusion found myself not only But pay attention But still enjoying movies as well The production of this hamlet may be one of the best drama movies I've seen for a long time, and it really makes life what I expect Shakespeare to want his plays to be like. (Well, with the difference here is the movie) My English teacher can read the content. The story is good. The dialogue seems to flow out with unexpected elegance that is far from boredom. (Even if it is a bit difficult if you are not familiar with Shakespeare's language) and even the smallest parts still use the skills you don't want to expect, most likely due to the number of pendants from this movie. Brian is happy and Charlton Heston is great, as you would expect that both of these veterans will live in small parts, but Robin Williams is Osic and Billy Crystal. The truly outstanding gravedigger Including offering comic relief amidst tragedy. <br /> <br /> Of course, the main star is also excellent. Kenneth Branagh is as good as hamlet. But brings confusion and pain to the movie only But still a fun air that plays in the cartoon scene, making this movie more watched Other important players are also good, but it is Kenneth Branagh that stands above the head and shoulders above the remaining roles in the title title. <br /> <br /> The set parts are also quite often. Remarkable The awesome old castle pathway that we have seen in Shakespeare's production, as well as the true feelings of the countries around them. <br /> <br /> Of course, this movie was filmed in the movie Own style Not a mistake But no major problems (Pacing is the only real problem I can think of immediately, just like prose, for everyone unfamiliar, as I speak the language. Shakesperean) and especially compared to the types of Shakespeare's production that I had seen in class was really great. It made me rethink about the typical teenage attitude in Shakespeare that his plays were boring. (I concluded that it is not a boring drama. But as a teacher who recites in class) If they create all of his plays, such as this movie, all English students in the school may have higher opinions about the poet. <br /> <br /> Overall 7/10
