It's an ambitious project. Kenneth Branagh comes here and knows how good it is! This is the first version that filmed 'Hamlet' to use the full content of Shakespeare's plays. But Branagh didn't do it just because "It is there." I believe that his intention is to make the general audience accessible and understandable without making it worse. On the other hand, he asked the audience to work a little bit by themselves, a fair proposal and a bargain. <br /> <br /> The setting is a typical 19th century European style and this works better. Modern or antique looks may distract from work. Design, production and filming, and both are great, which can help a lot when you watch a four-hour movie. Branagh's casting was inspired again and the performance was the same. The direction of success is a heavy task in creating this movie instead of being a luxurious drama because "Hamlet" is mainly based on internal monologue and there are quite a few dueling battles and others. Horrifying But everything that Branagh tries to do seems to be effective. <br /> <br /> Branagh is one of the most interesting actors / writers / directors, if not always the best. 'What I say Talking to him is something I see that tends to make it worse sometimes. In describing his hamlet here, he may be accused again. But there is a way of working to see that "Hamlet" is not an easy thing that people will understand and if anyone has never seen it before, he or she needs help even if they have read the drama. Hamlet has a character Shakespearian And Brank made sure that his audience knew how this man thought and felt throughout the movie, even if you didn't know the true meaning of every mystical word. The performance by Branagh was the least received. Oscar nomination <br /> <br /> There are many other outstanding performances here. They are almost exaggerated. But some people have to accept Derek Jacobi because Claudius is great. But even though he was sitting in the back seat to Kate Winslet when receiving praise The depiction of her heroine is excellent in deep feelings, making it more prominent from the knowledge that she is only about 20 years old! She looked at me as being the best actress. Other top performers in the order that are not specific are Richard Briers, Nicholas Farrell, Michael Maloney and Reece Dinsdale and Timothy Spall as Guildenstern and Rosencrantz respectively. Honorable mention to Julie Christie, Charlton Heston and Robin Williams, who can do what he accomplished here Even Billy Crystal is a grave digger. The only actor who did not explain exactly what was Jack Lemmon in the opening scene. He appeared, and while the other three actors were excellent in determining the emotional tension, Lemmon sounded like he was. Practice to show favor You know that this must be a real problem for Branagh because everything about the movie cries out that it is the work of the elite. <br /> <br /> Don't be afraid when talking about a four-hour movie, but it looks like Will be just a tad too long If I am very brave and reasonably trimmed will be welcomed. <br /> <br /> Can't I forget anything other than Patrick Doyle's score? I don't doubt I will conclude by saying that Kenneth Branagh may have made the final version of 'Hamlet' and it will be a truly wonderful production.
