Moonchild is a very difficult movie in the classification. It's easiest to think of it as an overview of the lives of the two main characters. The fact that these characters are members of the street gangs that are located in a multicultural city in the near future and one of them is that vampires do not discourage them from having moments like others. And this is one of the places that this movie Different from what I have heard It doesn't mess in the fact that one of the main characters is a vampire. But it is something that must be handled like other problems Lovely, not too serious about myself.> <br /> Other areas that are outstanding for me are the language of the city. Wearing Mallepa has a diverse cultural group and the characters speak the language. He was expected to speak. Japanese gang members speak Japanese. But China, when talking about Chinese characters May be the most fun exchange involving Australians and operate in English The actors of the four main characters have three mother tongue languages ​​separated between them and speak at different levels of each person's language, so it is quite a success that the movie made. Which I think will take me to the leading actors. <br /> <br /> Most of it is due to the fact that the film is the biggest rock star in Japan, Gackt and Hyde, including Lee-hom Wang, the great Taiwanese Whether they compliment them for showing or criticizing or criticizing them In my opinion, Lee-hom is best to play straight and realistic characters. However, the lack of ability to perform in the Gackt section is largely deceived by the fact that the characters he plays tend to be dramatized. I'm not sure if the character of Hyde should be insulting and taunting while he met. But it doesn't distract from both movies. <br /> <br /> There are many scenes that use emotions that are rather arrogant. Turning, which makes it difficult for them to affect me emotionally (Although it does not stop many people) I find it best to enjoy movies in what it is and not to focus too much on it - it's perfect for going out and watching with a group of friends. It has bugs But overall it was very fun and I would recommend everyone who doesn't care about a few words.
