The third collaboration for Karloff and Lugosi saw the move from Poe and into the science fiction series. Karloff plays Dr. Janos Rukh, the creator of a device capable of capturing the rays through his telescope in the Carpathian Mountains. It is a picture that creates the visual history of the universe. <br /> <br /> In front of many guests, including Lugosi as Dr. Benet, an astrologist who had mocked Rukh's theory. Demonstrating the existence of an unknown radioactive element called the "Radium X" which is contained in a meteor falling into the darkest world in Africa thousands of years ago. Karloff joined the expedition to prove the theory of He, but Radium X is a complex compound - it adjusts the mountain level in the long run and maintains blindness in the short term. However, Rukh is not interested and poisoned in the darkness. Like the old Ready Breck ad! Dr. Benet is ready to invent a way to counter radiation. But the combination of poison and cure Rukh drives paranoid like crazy Believing that he had been cheated, he sought a member of the exploration team in Paris, including his wife, who had become extremely touched and exposed while in his radioactive state, meaning death ... <br /> <br /> Along the way We received The old-fashioned scientific concept in which the eyes of the dead save the image of the killer. (Carlos, a remarkable difference!) And the radium X device used to dissolve the iconic statue representing the survey members. And even the touch of James Whale in the luxury land of Paris. <br /> <br /> Invisible Ray is a fun game, in addition to gothic opening, it's interesting to see Universal move the game. Gone to Africa and Paris This movie has no rhythm. But it's always interesting. Karloff shows his work a little too slow, but Lugosi is great. Universal uses the outline of the story again in Man Made Monster, this time with Lon Chaney Jr. as a threat. (This time was caused by electricity) and Lionel Atal was a Madder doctor rather than Lugosi here. The Invisible Ray is an admirable and smart little movie that is admirable. May not be as famous as Universal Universal, but it can be used and highly entertaining
