Horror Gods Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi should have enough reason for those who like to watch movies and even if they are the most convincing people, they are not the only reason to see a little Sci-Fi / Horror gem while Lambert Hillyer "The Invisible Ray" in 1936 did not participate in the vividness of other contemporary movies starring Karloff ("Frankenstein," Bride Of Frankenstein "," The Mummy ", ...) or Lugosi (" White Zombie "," Island Of The Souls "," Dracula ", ...), or both (" The Black Cat "," The Raven ", ...) This is a movie. Marseille, who entertain no doubt. Disappeared compared to other universal horror images. The story seems somewhat stupid. But it looks delightful. Carlos and Lugosi definitely shed light, and the movie made a profit from the wonderful scenes and excellent photography. Janos Rukh, an excellent scientist who invented the technique of looking through The telescope discovered that the meteor struck the Earth several thousand years ago. Stunned by the famous French inventor Rukh Felix Benet (Bela) Lugosi) invited him to participate in a survey to find a meteor in Africa. Ka Rukh discovered something that could bring great benefits and destructions as well ... It was rather strange that Karloff, who in fact played England as a Hungarian scientist here, while Lugosi, a native of Hungary plays as a French scientist. Both excellent as usual As far as I'm concerned, these two horror goddesses may have been filmed, read the phone book, and I'm sure they'll do something from it - the man is an icon of horror genre and seeing them. together Treat all types of music fans This method is one of the few films, if not only the film that is clearly the truth that Lugosi is higher than Karloff Frances Drake, is a very good leader in the role of Dr Rukh's beautiful young wife. If not talking about In addition to the selection of Carlos and Lugosi, the greatest feature of this film may be the atmosphere due to its excellent settings and photography, as well as many wonderful and fun stories. My main complaint is that I want more screen time for Lugosi and for his role to be a little more important. He is always a miracle. But his role may be even bigger and frightening. Otherwise, "The Invisible Ray" is an amazingly entertaining movie that should make every horror / sci-fi classic lover come to join. Watch and don't miss for my Lugosi / Karloff fans.
