The story of Ned Kelly is covered with myths and exaggerations for the time outside of the hand and this movie is no exception. What makes Ned Kelly have a permanent place in history is his efforts to fight the police that hunted him. During the fight many times, he marched on the hit steel plate, which the bullets used by police at that time would bounce harmlessly. In fact, it was only because there was a slight spark of fire among the Victoria police who noticed that he had not got his leg he was arrested and hanged. The story has been told in Australian schools and history for a long time until there is a permutation of tedious stories. The more the story tries to describe Kelly as a humane or ordinary human being, the less interested in it. <br /> <br /> This is where the adaptation of our sunshine, which is a myth about Kelly Instead of trying to show the image of Ned Kelly, who does not feel discouraged like the armor he wears, this movie quickly turns him into a human. Indeed, the revival of popular myths, which shows the corruption of the Victoria Police and the unpredictable situation of the colonists for a long time to make this film stand out from the crowd. Here, Ned Kelly is just a human being who lives in the time and place that must be convicted of murder. One person must be the closest person in the body when the police find it. no I did not About the only area in which this film made a mistake is speaking beyond the minds of Irish and British people about the fight. While the Kelly gang is clearly Irish, Australia is a place where people of different nationalities gather together seamlessly. (The scene with some Chinese immigrants highlighted here) <br /> <br /> Heath Ledger works remarkably. Disguised as Australia's most famous criminal It was only because of the reputation he had found in other films that the audience knew that they were watching Ledger, not Kelly himself. Eventually, Orlando Bloom met a role that he had not lost, as he did not give up and Jeffrey Rush's appearance as the police leader that happened at Glen Rowan was shown. To see why he was one of the actors. But it was Naomi Watts, who appeared as Julia Cook, who received a small deal in the film. Although the film generally implies that Cook is a woman in the life of Ned Kelly. But you probably don't know that in the least time she has come here In fact, hundreds of movies in ten minutes feel dry than exploring. When the elements of the police corruption were accepted, the film quickly jumped in time when it almost felt hurried. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the strengths of most movies are not. Get into uppercase. Rush hardly gets the screen time over his name in the opening and closing credits. Ditto for Watts and the rest of the actors came off like a puppet. I can conclude that another fifteen or thirty minutes of video may be modified. But that leads to other problems in the absence of depth or background of characters other than the hero whose position But will make the events of the story have zero impact One scene managed to do what was said well. Unfortunately, it has become an overview of the time when there is no link after a while. If someone believes that the impression that the film was made over a few weeks or days, during which time Ned Kelly became the person who wanted to talk about a corrupt police and an embarrassing shot At Glennovan Ned Kelly's trial and action were not described here, just mentioning the description before the credit was issued. <br /> <br /> That said, apart from the camera shake, sometimes Ned Kelly also managed. Shows some exciting shootouts and it has a good starting point For this reason I scored seven out of ten. Other critics are not kind, so if you are not impressed with the shooting with unusual elements (And what would be more unusual than a full body armor in a colonial shot?) Then you might look elsewhere better Especially if you want a true story about Ned Kelly's life
