Okay, observe the people who gather the legend of the DVD show - these terrifying collections: I'm really grateful and I support enormous initiatives but ?? Have you ever watched a movie before choosing to be part of the collection? When I bought the Boris Karloff collection, there were many movies that the actor played a supporting and unnecessary role only ("Tower of London", "The Strange Door"). However, "The Invisible Ray" is part of Colby. Bela Lugosi and here is the real thing. Boris Karloff, who cares about Bela! This will be a great name for the Boris Karloff collection instead! Bela Lugosi's character is the most enthusiastic and enthusiastic person he has ever shown in his career, and Karloff, a really good old man, has played a passionate and passionate scientist here. "The invisible rays" There are three main chapters, the first in the Carpathian castle of Dr. Janos Rukh, quite boring and requires a lot of patience for the audience. But of course, the drawings, characters, and content mentioned here are the basis for the rest of the film. Dr. Rukh (Carloff) shows two famous colleagues. (Among them Belalukosi as Dr. Bene) The way he managed to capture radiation from the outer stars in the equipment that he produced Scientists were sincerely impressed with his work and invited Rukh and Diane, his lovely wife, to travel in the heart of Africa. There, Dr. Rakhra separated himself from the group, discovered the important element "Radium X "in order to complete his medical ray and completely insane after being overexposed to the meteorite The third and final action is clearly the best and most terrifying thing as it revolves around killing old-fashioned fun with clever tricks. (Melting statues) and surprises Carlos shines in the dark and believes that others will steal his discoveries and even his life. He intends to eliminate them by using life-threatening touches. The story structure of "The Invisible Ray" sounds quite complicated. But this movie is easy to follow and entertain The story is quite profound. But it is interesting and director Lambert Hilbert has expressed doubts many times. Boris Karloff is truly fantastic and, like Lugosi, although he deserves time to watch the page. A little more screen Their scenes together are the highlights of the movie, along with the bright, funny pictures of Boris.
