Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi made many films together. But in general, Carloff is better than both of them. The real exception is "The Black Cat" (1934), in which Karloff is playing as the evil demon leader and Lugosi is searching for revenge for him to destroy his life. But more commonly is "Black Friday" in which Carloff tries to improve brain surgery while Lugosi is a murderer in "The Raven". Lugosi is a sadistic surgeon who blackmails a car. Lough to help his evil plans until Carlos finally gets enough. Both of them often erase the character completely. In "The Body Snatcher", Karloff kills Lugosi, but Lugosi tries to blackmail him. <br /> <br /> The only exception to both of them. Very sympathetic I feel that there is not an audience that accepts the other movies that I talk about. Dr. Janos Rukh of Carlos is a hard-working scientific genius that has been "The official scientific community" according to his theory that the rare form of radium exists in Nigeria on centuries-old meteorites. He was eventually supported by a journey led by Sir Francis Stevens and Lady Arabella Stevens. (Walter Kingford and Bolah Bondi), his wife and another French scientist named Dr. Frances Drake and his friends and protégée Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton) <br /> <br /> Before they leave, Rukh is warned by his mother (Violet Kemble Cooper) that he May be looking for that wisdom He shouldn't and it might end up in a tragedy. He tried to cancel this thing. But he was worried about what she said about his scientific status and whether he was given credit because of him or not. <br /> <br /> What he received was disastrous. He found the substance but infected with radioactivity. Remarkable He found that he was burnt slowly and if he tried to touch the person or animal that they were dead, he actually created a friendship or understanding with Benet, who was considered to be a radioactive cocktail. For Rukh for dealing with danger But there are two things that cannot be overcome here. The antidote can only be used for a period of time and must be filled. And the radioactivity that affected Rukh's brain, he became more and more jealous of Diane's friendship with Ronald (supported by the disappointment of Sir Francis and Lady Arabella) and he was emotionally Lose equally (Because he had to pretend to be dead) the effect of the radioactivity Others are gathering the glory of the miracle that "Radium X" gave to humans. Soon, Rukh is killing rampant, destroying many lives, ending with his own body. <br /> <br /> This movie Picked up at a certain level of science. Madame Curie died of cancer she received due to working with radium. There are only a few people who understand the dangers of radioactivity in 1936, but there are some ideas that come out. The wave of murder by Rukh causes the newspaper to talk about the "curse" of traveling. Of course, with the concept of travel "curse" (in Africa) to find hidden treasures that were buried centuries ago by the capital. England, which is titled us into archeology, not physics or geology (Page Howard Carter and Lord Carnaevon) <br /> <br /> On the other hand, Benet tries to find the cause of death and returns to life. Thinking that was destroyed in 1888 in England during the Whitechapel murder, Sir Charles Warren ordered the retina of many victims to be photographed to see that the final image of Retina is Jack The Riot. Superhero? It turned out that he had only taken a photo of the retina of a dead prostitute. But the idea was not dead. Jules Verne used it in his novel "The Brothers Kip" in 1899 and here, Dr. Benet used it. He found that the image of Rukh was on the plate, but Benet drops the disc accidentally and it Flick <br /> <br /> This movie is good in many of the most interesting stories for The changes of Carlos and Lugosi are not sympathetic to each other. There is a type of sad death in this story that has disappeared from their other films. Other performances are also good, especially Ms Kemble Cooper. She is best remembered as the scary sister of Basil Rathbone (Jane Murdstone) in "David Copperfield". Her last act here is the only way to bring this tragedy to an end and who can say that it doesn't hurt her more than her goal.
