There is no doubt that during the 30s, the names of Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi became a guarantee of excellent performances in high quality horror movies after being "the first monster" of Universal in the classic seminal, " Dracula ", Bela Lugosi became the quintessential horror villain, thanks to his elegant style and his foreign accent. (Sadly, this last factor will make him to be cast in the 40s). Similarly, Boris Carlos's performance in the story James Vail's "Frankenstein" made him a man who had to look for when someone needed a good monster. Of course, it is common for these icons to end screen sharing and movies that include "The Black Cat" in 1934. This formula will be repeated in many movies over the past decade and director. Mbert Hiller, mixed with horror and science fiction, "The Invisible Ray" is another classic film they did last year. <br /> <br /> "The Invisible Ray" , Dr. Janos Rukh (Boris Karloff) is an excellent scientist Remove the central device can show the past of our planet is caught in the light coming from the galaxy of Andromeda. While showing his invention to his colleagues, Dr. Felix Benet (Bela Lugosi) and Sir Francis Stevens (Walter Kingsford) They discovered that thousands of years ago After this great discovery, Dr. Raghu decided to join his colleagues on a trip to Africa to find a mysterious landing site of a meteorite. This trip will not be useful to Rukh as well as during his travels. Diane, his wife (Frances Drake) will fall in love with Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton), the expert hunter led by Stevens to help them on their journey. However, Rukh will lose more than his wife on that trip, since he will change forever after being exposed to the rays of an invisible meteor. <br /> <br /> Write With John Colton (who did the script for. "Werewolf of London"), "Ray Invisible", based on the story of Sci-fi from Howard Higgins and Douglas Hodges. Stating that this is a movie with Karloff and Lugosi, Colton pays attention to the horror aspect of his story, playing in a very effective way with a mad scientist model and increasing the amount of good taste One element that makes "The Invisible Ray" stand out among other horror movies of the time is how Colton plays morally through the story. That is, there are no heroes and villains in the classic style. But those who decide and later face the consequences of those choices in many ways. "The Invisible Ray" is a modern tragedy about delusion, guilt and revenge. <br /> <br /> Filmmaker B-Low Budget Filmmaker Lambert Hillyer has the opportunity to create three movies for Universal Pictures when the legendary studio faces serious financial problems. Thanks to his experience working with limited resources, Hiller's films always look good despite budget constraints and "The Invisible Ray" is not an exception. While there is nowhere near the stylish gothic atmosphere of Universal horror movies, Hiller's previous films effectively capture the essence of Colton's screenplay because he makes the film dark. And more scary Finally, there must be a quote about using the special effects of Hiller: For movies with a very low budget, they look better in many A films of that time. <br /> <br /> As usual in movies with Lugosi and Karloff, this legendary performance is of exceptional quality. As a supporter of the film, Boris Carloff is perfect in describing a man who does not see the sacrifice of work that fails to see the evil he has. Released As his colleague, Dr. Benet Bela Lucis is just a joy to watch, stealing every scene he visits and showing that he is a low-value actor. As Rukh Frances Drake's wife is very powerful, helping her character become more than a problematic girl. Yet the highlight of the two films is the performance of Kemble Cooper as Mother Rukh and Beulah Bondi as Lady Arabella. As two actresses spend time on their limited screen, Frank Lawton also has Good role But there is nothing surprising compared to other actors. <br /> <br /> If anyone judges this movie in today's standard, it's easy to quit being a cheap science fiction movie. With bad special effects and pseudoscience Brutally manic However, that's a mistake, even with a low budget. But did very well during that time Moreover, considering that the film was created when the nuclear age was about to begin and radioactivity was still a relatively new concept, it was a horrific concept of dangerous radioactivity. The last thing that should be worth pointing out is the interesting way that the script handles the relationship between the characters, especially friendship and competition that exists between Dr. Rukah and Dr. Benet who are cold. <br /> <br /> While there is no place near the gothic expression of the movie. "Frankenstein" or the graceful suspense of "The Black Cat", Lambert Hillyer's "The Invisible Ray" is a classic classic in the Universal Pictures horror movie catalog. With one of the most interesting screenplays in the 30s horror era, a mixture of horror, horror and science is one of the most precious gemstones that now provide the best entertainment of the most amazing actors. Two people in the horror genre that used to have: Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi 8/10
