Karloff and Lugosi - together again! This is one of the movies that the fans are comfortable going through and tend not to admire much. It's not a horror movie that came out like the previous two movies, The Black Cat and The Raven, but it's worth it for both of them and it's fun when visiting again. <br /> <br /> The Invisible Ray, directed by Lambert Hillyer, is a director who produces mostly western movies. The reign of Laemmles at Universal, he found himself helping this and the last horror film of Laemmles' Dracula Daughter. Both are sharp and clean fantasy, which is very light in horror content. Visit <br /> <br /> Just as Lugosi stepped into the forest in The Raven, the need to talk about Karloff's hacking in The Invisible Ray. One aspect of the story that was not very satisfying was the character. The Carr's Lough Rukh acting crazy before he was poisoned by radium radiation that has not changed much when he began to shine. This is similar to the complaint that people have about Jack Nicholson in The Shining - in general, he's a lazy person from the beginning. No real change Same here Halfway through Karloff, there is an additional purpose for revenge in his heart. I still enjoy his performance, even though I have performed Lugosi's overly funny comedy in The Raven. At the same time, Lugosi surprised you completely and completely surprised you and paid attention as Rukh's scientist. Benet Lugosi also has the best script in this film, including a memorable warning for police trying to catch Rukh, which I am in line with John Sousster. The author of horror - "and if he (Rukh) who touched? Investigator Lugosi responded hesitantly in the way that only Lugosi could send "they die", just as Lugosi could do. He would be more perfect than other actors. This is one of the moments. <br /> <br /> So the interaction of Karloff and Lugosi is so good when we get Karloff's mad comedy. Compare with the great logic of Lugosi. Carlos will play. Mad scientist Similar to many times, however, one thing that Lugosi wishes to have a more direct role like this He has only one chance. (Ninotchka) <br /> <br /> The Invisible Ray is a fun and practical film for Karloff and Lugosi fans. Indeed, it is one of those films that improve each episode. Look, not because it's a masterpiece. But due to the special abilities and talents of its stars and the way in which this story is filled with a darker and more terrifying pair The special technique by John Fulton, which is a new innovation, is great and the supporting actors are enough. Frances Drake looks as beautiful as she had done in Mad Love and plays a strong woman, something that is not in the classic horror. The scene at the end when Carlos is stalking her and she doesn't scream as one of the most haunting moments of the movie. Great movie and fun!
