I'm sure there are not many people outside of Australia who have heard the legend of Ned Kelly. I've seen a documentary about that man. But that's the only time I've seen or heard anything about him. And I guess this is probably the biggest problem that this movie will face Nobody knows anything about this, and there may not be many people who are interested in this matter. <br /> <br /> The film tells the story of Ned Kelly's life. Irish immigrants live in northwestern Victoria throughout his life. But never received a welcome from the staff Police accused him of having everything they could think of, and they still threatened his family. When Kelly was tired of everything that happened, he formed a gang with two brothers and two men. They started robbing banks and hijacking the entire city for 3 days. All of this violence led to police hunting and when they killed three policemen, they were illegal. They eventually entered the pub at Glenrowan, where they had a party with every guest, waiting for a train full of police to derail in part of the path they had torn. But the train can stop in time because someone warns them and what will follow is the fight for life and death between the police and four gunmen ... <br /> <br /> It's very difficult to say that All of What is shown in the movie is true or false. I guess no one really knows because there will be two camps that each person will tell their own truth: one camp says he is a Robin Hood hero. Some will say that he is a normal criminal, murderer and robber. Can tell you what is right in them, maybe both But what I can tell you is the facts of movies and documentaries about the same story. <br /> <br /> This movie is very good for the documentaries I've seen and I'm happy with the performance. Of all actors Heath Ledger, Orlando Bloom, Naomi Watts, Geoffrey Rush are all well-known actors But even less famous actors are shown in this program, which they all know how good performances should be I enjoy this movie a lot and give 7.5 / 10
