After borrowing this film from the local library a few weeks before I intend to watch it at first or a few days after the day of memory, I finally have to see Salomon Nara this morning. This time, Marlon Brando played Major Lloyd "Ace" Gruver, the son of the generals who had been raised from Korea to Japan, where Eileen Webster (Patricia Owens) was his girlfriend. Before leaving, he tried to persuade one of his men, Joe Kelly (red button), to marry a Japanese woman, Katsumi. (Miyoshi Uemaki) because it violates the military military law With his romance and Eileen. But will become the best man in the wedding of Joe and Katsumi. He falls in love with Asian people after he and Captain Mike Bailey Singer Hana-ogi (Miiko Taka) on stage Bailey is dating a dancer named Fumiko-San (Reiko Kuba). Eileen seems to have a fantasy for One of the kabuki actors is Ricardo Montalban. I will stop there and say that this is a very interesting drama about bias about the American-Asian relationship of love that Touch from beginning to end Even though seeing Spanish and Spanish Montalban playing in the Oriental was not too embarrassing. (Although it's a good thing, his part is short) and has a good sense of humor, just like the head of Brando, which hits Button's and Umeki inside the door more than once. Reid and Miyoshi deserve their Oscar, especially Reid, with all his challenges and pride throughout Rookie Garner before playing the legendary "Marverick" on his TV. His scenes with Brando and Miiko Taka demonstrate the great restraint in her initial character as an anti-American. While I read, there were some changes from James Michener's novel. I couldn't imagine director Josha Logan, who had previously brought Michener to work in Broadway "South Pacific" and eventually made it into a movie such as Not together With the real source Of course, he gave inspiration to the last scene that caused the previous tragedy in the film to be a rather necessary scene. A number of manufacturers may make this movie look a bit long, but Sayonara is a great educational experience about the 50s era that is full of America and Japan at that time.
