Because reading bad reviews and being told by friends that they can't believe how bad it is, I don't go to see this movie at the cinema. After watching on the DVD, I must say that I'm sorry now. I'm not saying it's great. But I want to say that it is a good movie I enjoy it. <br /> <br /> People have thicker skulls than Ned's hats. If they go to watch a movie like this and expect it to be a documentary. If you read the real history behind most movies based on historical figures, there is often a big difference between reality and character drawings. I don't think Ganghis Kahn had appeared before even being close to being Historical truth What kind of guy is Ned Kelly? Actually, it's a matter of debate and seems to be enthusiastic. Despite the efforts of some governments and historians, Ned Kelly has become a legend. Myths are stories and stories, talking a lot about people who tell and listen to them as they do about their own true body. Ned Kelly became a popular identity because he was a representative of Australian culture that didn't trust or accept power. A society that has no objection or challenge to power will be reckless and more dangerous than other defenders. <br /> <br /> So don't expect this to be the correct recreation of Kelly's past. Movies without obligation and refreshing It is sensitive and romantic. But unfortunately not as wonderful as it should be For my Australian friends to see 'Novelist' and you will see what I mean (Unfortunately, the story is treated badly). Perhaps romance may be abandoned to see a little more detail in other areas such as shooting soldiers. Ironically, I really enjoy the movie because that is because it will be the most important detail of Ned's story to live. And they are the details of the stories that are best discovered by reading the different views of many historians. <br /> <br /> This film often has a difficult time. Worldwide movie market (To pay tablets) and the myth that Australians have meaning; Maybe Ned's little spirit is in this movie because I think it disobeys people's expectations and misses both goals. Fortunately, it was created for the fun quirk of the movie. For me, it's an unexpected movie about Ned and that's why I like it. Orlando Bloom's performances do a lot to the movie as well - what has he added? I think he would enjoy being a monster instead of a cute elf for change. <br /> <br /> When you consider another movie that is worse than this, your opinion about this movie should be Reconsider Sent to me on DVD for Christmas more than Croc Dundee or The Man From Snowy River every time
