It will take many years to launch, so don't know why it's a movie. But as a child I enjoy it I just found the VHS tapes of Superman and Mole Men at the flea market and decided to watch again. (It took many years) I didn't expect much. Now I know how the movie B was created at that time. But I was very surprised to find that this movie can be watched very much and all the outstanding performances Regular performances in this type of movie will make it highly desirable. Surprisingly, writing is not bad as well. Forget the fact that Superman changed from sequence to sequence and may kick all of their buttocks at first because the story will end, right ?! OK, the male mole suit is hokey and not very scary. (They don't make me scared like a child) However, setting aside the possibility of a low budget for the background and costume, it is a job done by everyone. I immediately remembered the sheriff as The Old Ranger from Death Valley Days and had many supporting roles on Western TV. J. Farrell McDonald plays the old pop and is often a great actor in the movie. More than I can count Walter Reed and Jeff Corey are also familiar faces from other movies. Do you know the old doctor as the captain of the ship that went to get King Kong? Do you know the little girl, rolling the ball to the moles in Lisbeth Searcy in Old Yeller? Some moles are also famous. Jerry Maren plays Mayor McCheese for McDonalds, Little Oscar Mayer, Munchkin, who gives Dorothy the lollipop to Seifeld's scenes and many other works. Billy Curtis shows An unforgettable chapter with Clint Eastwood in High Plains Drifter, one of the friends who met the stars in the Incredible Shrinking Man. He contributed to the movie that I just grabbed the luck at my flea market named Gal Sal with Rita Hayworth, the Wizard of Oz and Many others - great actor John Brambury Is Munchkin with Phillis Coates, Lois Lane player. In this movie, there are no great questions in this section and George Reeves plays as Superman / Clark Kent WAS Superman. He plays very well. The bottom line for everyone I have to say is that this film is worth watching because of the actors and writing in dealing with subtle ideas for movies, but it is the 50s and everything is possible from space invaders. Until the mole from the inner space It is worth watching. There are no good actors in the group. Anyone who has gathered together is very lucky to get a lot of talented actors as a type B movie. Some people have a lot of experience and some are going to get a lot of experience - but everyone has talent. So if you have the opportunity to watch movies, forget the dopey set and enjoy the excitement and performance. Is this a bird? Is it a plane? Not only is the movie old and good, it's fun!
