I've watched this thing either on HBO or Showtime or Cinemax in the summer of mid-90, where my parents subscribe to those channels. I found it many times in many parts and found it dark, strange and fascinating. At that time I was still a teenager. And now, many years later, after discovering the great Arliss Howard and being blown away by "Big Bad Love", I bought the DVD of "Wilder Napalm" and watched it again with my girlfriend for the first time in many years. I like it very much! I was very impressed and affected by it. With the complexity and fluency of camera and movie movement All of which are gel-perfect, with intelligent, intense and sudden chemistry between the three leads, their stories, music and all other actors. It's truly "Cinematic". I like the subtlety of Arliss Howard. Strong, purposeful and cleverly hidden, I'm a big fan of everything he does. And his interaction with Debra Viking's mania (Of course, they are already married) There is a true charm that has passed through the camera. (I wonder if they watch this on the wedding anniversary ....... "Big Bad Love" should be the next stop for anyone who doesn't see it great) and Dennis Quaid in Full makeup Hidden instructions, hidden angles and impressions with a selection of shots and full flower delivery are the magic of pure dark movies that you don't see often. Quaid always has a terrifying feature for him. For me, with a large mouth hidden behind his trembling eyes, lying waiting to release himself as a mischievous charm or cruel cruelty (both). Howard and Quaid have a crazy fire behind the eyes to pull out a great gun in the coolest form. In fact, all the movies have cool energy and Classicist's hip It is a great movie, gathering intelligence, imagination, agility and chemistry by all parties involved. I can't imagine how this funding will be received and it is quite expensive for me with systems that do not use ordinary imagination. But I appreciate the movie of God that makes this system flow through the system every time. With a wonderful way, with bright carnival colors throughout the day, hip intelligence, arrogant humor and chemistry that makes me forget it reminds me of one of my favorite movies: "Grosse Pointe Blank" ...... .now that is a compliment in my book!
