At the height of the row 'Big Brother' in 2007 (related to Shilpa Shetty and Jade Goody at the end). I condemn the internet forum called 'CBB'. Fans who admire the show after many years of battling the sitcoms of the class. '70' such as 'Curry & Chips' and 'Love Thy Neighbor'. I think they are hypocrites and say that. "It's not half the hottest mother." Then was thrown into controversy, with some pointing out that it starred in the British actor blacked-up. Yes, Michael Bates lives in India since he was a child. And fluently speaking Urdu The acting governor overlooked the reality that he brought to the show as the holder of the famous Indian actor Rangi Ram Renu Setna, in the documentary 'Perry & Croft: The Sitcoms' that he felt uneasy when Heard that Bates had a role, but added: "Indian actors can't play that role. Bates." Of course, <br /> <br /> 'Mum' is Perry's companion. And Croft in the show 'Army of the Father'; The quiet Caledonian-on-Sea city of India was replaced by the hottest and hottest forests of India, especially the place called Deolali, which is the venue for the army's concerts among them. Bombadier Solomons (George Layton, his first sitcom role, from 'Doctor In Charge'), Gunner's Camp, 'Gloria' Beaumont (Melvin Hayes), Tiny Gunner 'Lofty' Sugden, 'Lah de-dah' Gunner Graham (John Clegg) and Gunner Parkins (Christopher Mitchell) Page gang Laffitte, this is Sergeant Williams. (The great Windsor Davies) who looked at them all as 'fools'. His frustration at not being able to take his people into the woods to fight enemies in the battle made him bitter and bullied. (Although he is a good person with Parkins, whom he thinks is an illegitimate son!) Then Colonel Reynolds (Donald Hewlett) and the English colonel who abandoned Captain Knowles Rangi is like a wise old philosopher, beginning each performance by talking to the camera. He likes to be a holder so much that he thinks of himself as an Englishman. His friends are Char Charah, who made tea (at the end of Dino Shafeek, which goes to 'Mind Your Language') and the rope pulls Punka Wallah (Babar Bhatti). Interested Shafeek also gives what is described in the credit that 'Voice interruptions' (similar to the 40s music used as background music in the father's army Each edition closes with him warbling 'Land Of Hope & Glory' only to be quiet with 'Shut up!' From Williams. A wonderful opening theme was written by Jimmy Perry and Derek Taverner. <br /> <br /> Although it was never comparable to 'Dad's Army' in the public interest, but 'Mum' was popular enough. That would run for eight seasons in 1975. Davies and Estelle were ranked on the chestnut version of 'Whispering Grass'. They then recorded the entire album of old chestnuts, the name (what else?) 'Sing Lofty!' <br /> <br /> This performance faced a crisis three years later. When Bates died of cancer. Instead of casting the role of 'Rangi' again, the writer just let him be quietly forgotten when George Layton left. The character of 'Gloria' replaced 'Bombardier'. <br /> <br /> The last edition in 1981 saw soldiers leave India by boat for Blighty, Char Wallah watching them with great sadness. (Just like the audience) <br /> <br /> Repeatedly and far between (Mostly related to UK Gold) All because of a reputation known as 'dodging'. It's strange. If the black-faced white man is unusual, why is David Lean's movie in 1984 'A Passage to India' still on television? (Featured Alec Guinness as an Indian and won two Oscars!) It comes from Jimmy Perry's experience. Some characters are based on real people (Sergeant Major - actually referring to his people as 'poofs'). I think if you are going to make history on the TV screen correctly Killing germs in the past, no matter how disgusting it looks to new audiences, 'Mum' is both funny and honest and viewers see this. Thank you for my D.V.D. Speech. Take the time to stop this review. As Williams said: "I will not gossip in this forest!"
