The sitcom drama of this war written by Jimmy Perry and David Croft, who wrote the best TV program that used to be the Dads Army, is not as good as the Dads Army, but still very funny. With a concert band in India. Most episodes about BSM Williams (Windsor Davies) try to organize a concert party, which he calls a group of puff posts in the forest. He is not always successful because Colonel Reynolds (Donald Hewlett) is vague and Captain Ashwood (Michael Knowles) who is foolish is a big fan of the concert. The concert party consists of Bombadier Solomans (George Layton), Ginger Rogers impersonator, gunman "Gloria" Beaumont (Melvyn Hayes), professional tertiary pianist Gunner "La de da" Gunner Graham, Padarouski (John Clegg), singer Gunner " Lofty "Sugden, Gunner Parkins (Christopher Mitchell) (Williams thinks Parkins is his son. He's quite wrong), the big gunman who eats" Nosher "Evans and animal imitators (Kenneth MacDonald ) He is not Percy Edwards. In addition, being involved in a heavy adventure is Rangi Ram (Michael Bates). The faithful Indians with Char-Wallah and Punkah-Wallah (Dino Shafeek and Babar Bhatti) give excellent Ram support. <br /> <br /> The same performance as the Dads Army left many poems. Rangi Ram had spoken to His Punkah Wallah said, "Don't be so smart." And he ended many programs that said "This is a very old Hindu proverb, such as when a wife has a relationship with the best friend does not stop. Your house from being burned "It is Williams, even if anyone has the most poems. He often shouted "Shuddup !!!!!" saying "Oh, my dear, so sad." Enjoy remembering like the Dads Army. This may be due to questions about tastes: This is seen as rough. Williams is incriminating, calling his people "Puffs", although it has to be said that Williams is bored. In addition, some people think that there is a racial element in humor, using the fact that Michael Bates was blacked to play Rangi Ram (Bates was actually born in India, though, and spoke Urdu that he would speak English). Therefore, the BBC will feel a bit. Uncomfortable with it, even though most people who have watched the show agree that the program is not a class. But I know the half-Indian people and they don't feel offended and agree like me. It's a very funny item. When I watched the episode for the first time, I might laugh more than I had done with other comcoms, but when I saw it in the second round, I didn't laugh that much. But a few times I saw the Dads Army. I laughed many times. <br /> <br /> The best part: The road to Banu, Series 1, Episode 7
