7 If you are a child - 6 If you claim to be an adult, this sequel to the Lion King will separate the Timone and Pumba characters by telling the original story through their eyes, including the story of meeting together. In the great tradition of Disney, there will be an inferior sequel, and sometimes a TV drama with the adventures of the secondary characters from their greatest performances. You can wonder what you want about it. But children and fans of the series are not interested; Is a joke and enough music and interesting things to make sure that this is one of the few sectors of the higher average This works because of the charm of the main character who is very fond of the speed of jokes related to the first film and for older audiences. If the color is slightly less than the original But the plot is here about making it easy. Hakuna Matata <br /> <br /> Timone and Pumba decided to watch the event at the beginning. The movie stopped in the middle of the story, often for jokes about some of it. Like a real audience, we saw that Timone was a near-evicted person. His ideal home On the way he found Pumba, another man who was expelled and they became friends Soon they will meet with lions, cubs, natural hunters of T and P, but they combine all three. However, when the lion remembered that he had to follow his own destiny and leave the group, it was up to others to decide whether or not to help and how. Of course, the elements and themes of Disney are usually here. Friendship, goodness and evil, etc. The plot is simple. But can be used at many levels, making it smarter than your typical cartoon movie When the CG movie appeared, Disney's original style would be smarter. But don't forget the foundation that made them famous Toy Story and everything that has happened since then, with intelligence and humor that is suitable for all ages and seems like this is the way the market moves. However, there will always be a place for movies like this, and you won't be wrong to buy this for children. <br /> <br /> 7 out of 10
