The Shining is a strange example of adaptation: it is very similar to the original novel written by Stephen King, but it is widely recognized as one of the best movie imitations of the prototypes of Horror This is because of two factors: the learning direction of Stanley Kubrick and Jack Nicholson's cool performance. <br /> <br /> Nicholson plays the writer Jack Torrance, who accepts care for Overlook Hotel in Canada during the winter season. Affected by Horrible story that surrounds the place: He claims that the lonely place is just what he wants to complete his new book. Therefore, overlooked became the new home of the Torrance family: Jack Wendy, his wife. (Shelley Duvall) and Danny, their five-year-old son (Danny Lloyd) Boy, especially the feeling from the beginning that there is nothing wrong: he has been told by chef Dick O. Hallorann (Scatman Crothers) that he is a person with mysterious psychic energy that shines. Light that helps people like him and dick In order to see the light from the past and the future above all else However, that is not the case of Jack, as he is increasingly paranoid about his wife's feelings and seeking comfort in the company that anything that can be best defined as a ghost causes a crazy chain and difficult fear. <br /> <br /> The Shining works as a horror movie because Kubrick, although he has never worked in this type of movie before, knows what is effective and what is not. Therefore focus on the environment and inspire creativity and psychological rather than blood. King criticized the director changed the story mostly ignored Jack / Danny subsets. (Just implied in the movie) that leads to the most emotional book of emotions and while his frustrations are correct The novel dealt with redemption, though in an unusual way and redemption is a Kubrick theme. One of the most famous analysts of human dissolution has never had a weakness for What he is interested in is the mind and body. Later, the imbalance that threatens the character and he still retains the eerie sound with a very cool approach and the use of experts from stealth photography. (Danny's expert with two ghost twins is the best example) <br /> <br /> Another comment that King raised about the actor, especially Nicholson: In the opinion of the trademark smile author At the beginning of the movie, it seems to indicate that Jack has lost his mind. The story now is true that Nicholson looks stupid from the beginning. But it is true that Martin Sheen (The most suitable option for the role of King) may not be able to deliver a sinister performance like Nicholson's. At this point, he is smiling more than before. "This is Johnny!" The scene is impossible to imagine another actor playing that role, and although the TV version of The Shining from 1997 is not bad at all, the Torrance character is linked to North One Flew. Cuckoo's star actors for Duvall and Lloyd both add great support, especially after being worthy of the place alongside Harvey Stephens (The Damen's Damien) and Haley Joel Osment. One may complain about Duvall completely different from the book. (Blonde and beautiful) and nothing much to do But screaming and running But two things to consider: a) Back in the 1980s "The queen screamed" cliché wasn 'still no one b) There are not any female actors who truly look terrified in the camera, making the difference between books and The movie compares with the fear that comes from Wendy's eyes. <br /> <br /> Writer Irvine Welsh Trainspotting Once said there It's not something that is a completely honest literature adaptation. (And he should know when he got freedom from Danny Boyle when bringing his junkie masterpiece to the screen), but that doesn't mean that the movie isn't good. The Shining proved to be perfect: very few From about 5% of the novels included in the film, but in the hands of Kubrick and Nichlolson, this master class in the translation of loose movies became one of the best and most original horror images of all time Which is something that says something to the current bad form of the genre
