Sometimes this overtaking is my favorite horror movie. While Carpenter's films are more effective and fun than Kubrik's movies, art is more inspiring and frightening. Is one of the few stories that I can look through the flaws and truly love it I try not to compare with this book ?? What I have read only once for many years and that I'm afraid of death? Because both have nothing but the story and characters clearly. It's almost as though Kubrick was the bank of people's love in the novel, so his movie was even more scary. And so, of course, it is one of the most interesting adaptations ever created, like one of the greatest horror movies. <br /> <br /> What makes this movie so scary? Not fear of jumping, not blood And gore, not various ghosts that occasionally appeared It was Jack Torrence's destruction. Some people complained about Nicholson's casting in this role, saying that it was too clear that he would be crazy about the film due to his past roles and his appearance. I do not agree. Do we know that he is crazy? Because most of us have read this book ?? And the appearance of Jack makes this idea But it's the way he shows the first episode that truly scares us He was calm, quiet, patient. He joined the hotel manager and even with his own family. And with an annoying wife and son like him, it was a little surprising that he managed But when he reached Overlook, he would change him, irritated, angry on the edge The scene that always shocked me was when Wendy interrupted his typing and he lost it all by telling her. "Leave him alone" This is a blast. F-first fell into the movie and it made the system startling. Since then, all bets will be closed. <br /> <br /> The other thing I like is the interpretation many times in the movie. We are not really sure whether what we see is happening or not. Many critics noted that whenever Jack spoke to a ghost, there was a mirror showing that he might be talking to himself as well. But what other characters? Wendy never saw anything until the climax of the movie until she was visited by many ghost hotels of the hotel. But she realized that there was something wrong while Danny connected with the place almost immediately His psychic powers are not in question? How will Hallorann know if he will come to the hotel again? But has he ever seen a ghost that his parents witness? It's easy to claim that Jack just loses. It is locked in a hotel with his family and Wendy can do it as well ?? See your husband trying to kill you with an ax to do that? But Danny seems like his body has been occupied by Tony. But how do we know No, these characters are reliable witnesses. Hallorann may be and he warns of danger in 237 but he is killed as soon as he arrives overlook (Kubrick's terror succeeds by playing on the assumption of fans of the novel. This story) and the last match Ever had a more mysterious ending in a movie theater? Jack had been there before? Or that his body just 'absorbs' into the hotel? When talking about acting in this movie, any conversation will begin and end with Jack Nicholson Shelley Duvall, one of the most annoying performances in film history. May aim to make Jack's character more reason to snap? And Danny Lloyd didn't get better than this But Jack is a power plant The method of improvisation, while he is scary and attractive at the same time For a better story or worse, he is a character we know, not an annoying child or a nagging wife. We all want to have their own hotel for the season, can do what we want. Who will be interested if it is haunted? Of course, the technique is excellent. The strange angles and strange images of Kubrick have contributed to the horror of using colors, mirrors, long passages and other standards that only increase this height. And don't let me start with that score I do not know that this movie should be scary halfway without the hallucinations or electronic music. The strangeness of it completely reflects all the hotels, emotions and movies. <br /> <br /> I know that King doesn't like this movie. As a great novelist, he may have been a terrible screenplay for him and his efforts in directing were not observed. This is not an adaptation of a faithful book. But not necessarily and should not be done Part of the horror of this movie is that the audience does not have books that have to fall back. There are no reliable sources. Kubrick specializes in changing lectures to make the audience even more afraid. If that is the case, this is one of the most creative movies of all types. And it has everything other than that
