The Shining begins with Jack Torrance (Jack Nicholson) driving to an isolated hotel named 'Overlook', which is located in the mountains of Colorado. To interview the manager Stuart Ullman (Barry Nelson) of the manager about being a winter supervisor, Ullman told Jack. That he will be responsible for basic hotel maintenance But will almost completely separate from the rest of the world for six months during the harsh winter together with his wife Wendy. (Shelley Duvall) (Danny Lloyd) Jack moves into the hotel & at first everything looks good. It's a very beautiful hotel. Very big & what they want is to get rid of. However, the Overlook hotel has a dark past, with a caretaker before killing his entire family before committing suicide. & Danny has the ability to 'shine', which means he has the psychic power that makes him see and hear what people Ordinary cannot do When the days, weeks and months began to become more insane, Danny continued to 'see' things and people while Wendy began to frenzied because she had no clue what happened to her family when the storm. Heavy snow makes them stuck. In the end, Jack lost ... <br /> <br /> This English production is a work written and directed by Stanley Kubrick. It appears that the movie The Shining is another film that is available in two different versions and one film that I will comment on is a shorter European film that is no longer than 2 hours. Script by Kubrick & Diane Johnson is based on Stephen King's novel, which I didn't read, so I couldn't compare them because of psychological horror rather than being About the murders in the movies only once. There are very few characters in the movie The Shining with Jack, Wendy and Danny that are important because the movie focuses on them almost all you care about. They share with them and what they have to face. Rhythm is slow But this movie is a film that has not been felt for a long time and makes you interested all the time. On the negative side, I do not think that the reason Jack goes crazy and wants to kill his family is strong enough to convince me the fact that Jack escapes from the freezer without any explanation that makes me crazy & I I don't know if I miss something, but the ending is not reasonable for me. I also try to find out what the picture is about! There is very little violence in the way of violence or blood. Rotten zombie ghosts & people are killed by an ax, but The Shining is a horror movie that doesn't need to rely on blood and special effects because it has an interesting story. With a budget of about $ 19,000,000 The Shining is technically flawless, as you would expect from a filmmaker who is passionate like Kubrick. Film shooting is excellent with still still photography. Smooth and excellent continuity while shooting the camera easily The scene looks very realistic & instead of the old haunted house theme, such as dark corners, basements & cobwebs. Kubrick brings things updated with illuminated walkways with bright lights, large open spaces and modern decor. (80s modern, just check that The red bathroom is out!) The performance is good from everyone involved, although as usual in horror movies, the little boy is very annoying and Nicholson seems to be crazy from the start. The Shining is a fascinating movie I like. Look though I'm not sure I will watch again soon. For those who are looking for explosions and fancy special effects, you will be disappointed for those looking for a great horror haunted house with a strong story. I think The Shining is perfect for you, worth watching in the humble opinion of me
