The Shining Did you know that this movie is strange? This is a movie that everyone, for those who claim to dislike horror, always says The Shining is a great movie. This is Stanley Kubrick's classic vision of Stephen King's horror and blood story. This is just an incredible movie and you can see it or not. You have heard it, know a few lines from it and know some classic pictures. Who can forget Jack? "This is Johnny!" Who can forget "All work and no play makes Jack a Dull Boy"? Who will forget that the cold has ended? This is a memorable and straightforward movie in my mind. It is Kubrick's best work. I know there are many arguments in that department. Many people say it's 2001: A Space Odyssey or Clockwork Orange or even Until Dr. Strangelove, but if those films were pioneers in the making of the movie, The Shining made it perfect This is the story of splitting the fearsome images and the final ghost stories that will crawl under your skin. <br /> <br /> Jack Torrance, Jack Danny's son and Jack's wife. Wendy arrives at the Overcook Hotel on the closing day. Dick Hallorann, senior African-American chef Danny, was surprised by talking to him on the telepathic way and offering him ice cream. He explained to Danny that he and his grandmother shared gifts. They called communication "shining". Danny asked if there was anything to be afraid of in the hotel, especially the room 237. Dick told Danny that the hotel had "shadows" and many memories with it were not all good Advised him to leave room 237 under all circumstances Danny's curiosity about Room 237 eventually made him better when he saw that the room was opened. Danny appeared to be clearly wounded and wounded after Jack told Wendy that he loved his family. When I saw this, Wendy thought that Jack had attacked Danny. Jack went into the hotel gold room where he met a bartender named Lloyd Ghost. Danny started calling the word "redrum" frantically and writing it on the wall. He was in a trance and withdrawn; Now he says that he is Tony. His own "imaginary friend" Jack sabotaged the hotel radio, cutting communication from the outside world, but Hallorann received Danny's telepathic voice for help and coming. Wendy finds that Jack is typing an endless page of the original. "All work and no play makes Jack a boring boy" in various ways. Jack threatens her and she is unconscious with him with a baseball bat, hitting him in the locker in the kitchen. Jack talks to Grady through the unlocked locker door. He releases Danny, writing "REDRUM" in the lipstick at Wendy's bedroom door. When she looked into the mirror, she saw that it was a "murder" spelled to the back. Jack picks up an ax and starts to open the door leading to his family's residence. "This is Johnny!" And the legendary image of Jack is born. <br /> <br /> The stationary is one of those movies that you have to take seriously to watch. This is an incredible movie. Jack Nicholson's performance is timeless and memorable. But one thing that I feel that is extremely overlooked is Shelley Duvall, her scene in finding All Rant's work. It looks scary and you will see fear in your face after knowing that your husband is crazy. Another amazing scene is when Jack sees a ghost woman in the bathtub. It is one of the most horrifying scenes in horror movies. The reason this movie is well known is because it's the perfect movie in The Simpsons. It's been shown in other movies and it's a movie that will be with you forever when you see it. Believe me <br /> 10/10
