Okay, okay, maybe not the greatest thing. I mean, a shaman and a psychologist and a few other people who have passed difficult, but The Shining is there. However, it is Stephen King's best story that has been made into a movie. It's better than The Stand. Better than Pet Sematary. (If not scary) better than Cujo better than The Green Mile better than Dolores Claiborne better than Stand By Me (almost) and better than The Shawshank Redemption (shut up better) I don't care what IMDb Top 250 says < br /> <br /> I read it when A few decades ago, Stanley Kubrick, sorting through the novel at his house trying to find something that could make a good movie from the other room and his wife would hear the pounding. Noise every half hour or more when he threw the book in the wall in frustration Eventually, she didn't hear any sound for almost two hours and when she went to check and see if he had died on the chair or what (I certainly told this with respect.) She found that he focused. The books he has on hand and this book are The Shining and thank God as well because he also converted that book into one of the best horror movies ever. <br /> <br /> Steve Fen King can thank the complexity of the story about the man who took his wife. And the son arrived at a remote hotel to take care of the very lonely winter while he was writing Jack Nicholson would like to thank you for his death as Jack Torans. (There are a lot of things that Jack is in where he plays the character of Jack?) And the famous song now. ') Shelley Duvall can thank you for the performance that helped the audience. In relation to Jack's desire to kill her Stanley Kubrick is grateful for this wonderful story from his memorable touch, and anyone who cast the director can thank you for fighting with the world's most terrifying twins to be a part. One of the girls killed One of the most important aspects of this movie that is necessary for the overall story to have the most important effect is isolation and flawless presentation. This movie begins with a long scene after Jack drives to an old hotel to interview the caregiver's job during the winter. Soon after, this was the same with Jack and his family as they drove along the windy mountain road to the hotel. This time, the scene was interpolated by Jack Wendy's picture and Danny spoke in the car, which Kubrick tried to avoid the quick suggestions about the evil of the TV while Wendy voiced. Her about eating in front of Danny Who says it's okay because he saw it on TV? (`Look, it's okay. He saw it on television.) <br /> <br /> The hotel itself is the perfect place for stories like this. Happened and it was a more terrible bloodshed by the large rooms, echo and long passages These rooms, with their resonance, emphasize the emptyness of the hotel at all times But it is the hallway that creates the most horror of this movie and the traditional track of Kubrick makes the passage feel like a creepy three-dimensional. At the beginning of the movie, there is a famous shooting track that follows in the big circle as he rides around the hall on his big wheel. (That is what is called?) And his relative speed Wheeled as he walked back and forth from hardwood floors to throwing carpets), feeling unaware of what's nearby and the story of Stephen King. You expect something to jump out to you. I think the best scene in the hall (Including one of the most horrifying scenes in the movie) was when Danny was playing on the floor and the ball rolled down to him slowly. He looked up and saw an empty hallway for a long time, and because the ball was a child's toy, you would expect it to be a terrifying twins that were rolling for him. However, you get the Shining point as a terrifying horror movie. <br /> <br /> In addition to the rare qualities of being a horror movie that doesn't suck, The Shining also has an in-depth story that makes you Guess and make you into Felt that there was something you missed Is Jack always there, as Grady told him in the men's room? He was a real ball in 1921, or is it just someone who looks really like him, if he is always a caretaker like Grady said, that means he is a fanatic and kills his wife and twins, not Mr. Gre Daddy, right? It is one story that the film must end up freely that should be bound. That is just creating an ordinary movie, for example, The Amityville Horror which is copied from The Shining as much as its contents. But it's completely different when presenting movies in a way that makes you think that really (mostly all of Kubrick's movies). Another thing that we all can thank Stanley Kubrick for and we should Thank you for not throwing this book to the wall. The cast is a movie tragedy.
