This horror movie has a cool charm. This film combines the wonderful elements of intellectual thriller with the great vision of a talented director who instinctively flicks horror movies in the shock world. The first, cool soundtrack and the overall feeling of human degradation This film cuts through all general horror movies, such as Red Poker through the human eye, because not only viewers But felt the violence and psychosis of the protagonist But still admiring the seeds of madness One of the most frightening things for people to confront is ignorance and this film presents a plan with thoughts in mind. The perfect setting in a desolate winter shelter The tranquility of the moment is a character in itself while the invasion of Jack Torrance's mind during this free time and creates a new playground for the devil. I tend to feel like the presence of evil is in our hearts. Every person has only the situation of the moment and the reason for receiving it. It needs to awaken a violent donkey and stare at the suspicious victim. This film is a perfect example of this idea. <br /> <br /> And it's in the delicate canvas of this movie. clackity-clackity Of the big wheel of a young boy riding along the empty path of the hotel The labyrinth garden represents the dividing line between the mind and the insanity of Kubrick's unresolved edits with a purposeful, continuous error correction and error setting that we discover a world that has been guided by the righteous. And tangible I never read books that are based on movies. But without a comparison point, I'm proud to say that this is one of the most scary movies I've ever seen. I think the movie runtime may be slightly cut. But then again, I'm not one of the most famous directors in the history of the movie, so maybe I should criticize the two percent. Movie for myself Overall, this film draws your attention with a great style and your vision surrounds you with fear and unusual directions and ties you down and stabs you in the heart with a cool view. Tea to the human mind The atmosphere and the loss of humans. <br /> <br /> Rating: 9/10
