Anthony McCarten has adapted his play via satellite and directed the best comedy movie that will come out of New Zealand for a long time. Chrissy Dunn (Daniel Cor Mac) is a drop The She was not very successful in her later years and was not satisfied with her family since her father confessed death. Carol, her twin sister (Played by Daniel Cormac) was dazzled by the media unfolding as she represented New Zealand in swimming at the Olympics. A merciless and despondent middle-aged director (Brian Sergent) and his good-natured photographer - who was one of Christie's nights the night before - Paul (Carl Erben) taken Making a film watching Carol swimming to victory, this is not bad. But Christie's family was an embarrassing conclusion. First, there was a matriach of Wellingtonian Dunns, Joyce (Donna Akerston). She made fairy cakes and cocktail sausages for important film crews and refused to change her way of working. Her eldest daughter Jane (Rima Te Wiata) is desperate to be more than ordinary. She has a good house (Bedroom walls painted "Blackberry sorbet"), expensive tastes and nasty parasitic attitudes She is also close to 40 and desparate for her husband (Timbalm). Her husband is an electrician and forced to work that doesn't need to be done ... just like the work she has to do is Jane, daughter in the middle of Lyn (Jodie Dorday - The Best Supporting Actress winner at the New Zealand Film Awards for this depiction) is a "falling" tart that has a suspicious history with Ken. Both mothers are in a bad state. Tim Taylor, ToolTime Carol replenishes the power Take the car in her Olympics and Christie knows that all of this must be splashed on the national TV - why shouldn't she be embarrassed? It is good to see the famous New Zealand faces shown in comedies, suburbs that have memorable summaries. I love Jane and Lyn's rehearsals. One is like an adult Mona-my-biologius-clock-is-ticking-away The other one is a stray wanderer who has what her sisters desire - bread in the oven. The climax of this film is quite sensitive and very well done. Performing as a treatment and this film works perfectly. A wonderful way to spend one and a half hours. <br /> <br />
