Janine Reynaud is a performing artist for wealthy intellectuals at a local club. She was the victim of her dream when a romantic contract interlude became a murder as she killed people who believed that sex on the horizon. It is quite possible that some form of hypnotic guidance (.. who controls the work that is possible to pull her line like a puppet) Lorna is guiding the way to kill the people you meet in the place. The quiet place began. After the murder of her imagination occurred, Lorna woke up and confused, often without feeling as though she was anxious in her dream that had actually happened. <br /> <br /> If someone asks How to explain this work, especially from Franco. I think it's elegant and difficult. At this time, you probably have read the opinions of other users that this movie is related to anything, because most of it will happen in the supernatural atmosphere of dreams. Franco said in an interview that he was greatly influenced. From Godard at the beginning of his career as far as the style of filmmaking and decided to abandon the clear storytelling structure to try to create experiences These viewing different. And while you read from the reactions of the users' comments here .. Some people like this decision, others find that the work style is boring, boring and confusing. I will be the first to admit that this movie is above my head. But even Franco, when asked by critics who saw "Succubus", admitted that he didn't even understand the movie and he directed! Some people may say "succubus" is just the beginning of the work he admires more. "Venus Infars", which is considered his masterpiece by French-faithful, because it also uses a dream-like structure / she is experiencing something real or imaginary. In the same sense as the protagonist, we are experiencing the same confusion .. Of course, "Succubus" is an extraordinary movie making that we do not give the keys to what has happened And the difficult dialogue didn't help much. "Succubus" still has Beatnik players and "poets-speaking", Corman's movies, "A Bucket of Blood". My personal favorite scene provoked the lesbian interlude between Lorna and the woman she met at a luxurious party .. Rather, it was a strange fantasy scene that used the puppet quite unusual. Great location and jazz score .. I like this movie myself, although I can understand why it has received negative reactions. Like one scene in a luxury party with Lorna, a little drunken woman twisting on the floor in a luxurious evening dress while others attend the Shindik party (.. equally wasted). Hurriedly kissed her in the embrace of kiss
