I didn't see all the movies of Jess Franco. I saw 5. I think and there are more than 180 stories. So it may be a bit quick to say, "Necronomicon GeträumteSünden" (also known as 'Succubus' but that is the version Cut) Follow me, if not the best thing. Of course, most of Franco Franco is well known (although 'known' may be a little exaggerated). For "Vampiros Lesbos" is a movie about culture. Strange is praised more in the mid-90s, when people discover Jess Franco was a songwriter interesting as well. There is little joy to discover the man through the soundtrack and discover what will happen after seeing a video clip of 'The lion and cucumber' ('Vampyros Lesbos OST'): Jess Franco is a great director. When the phone rang during 'Vampiros', I let it ring. I just want to watch more movies. From that moment, Franco couldn't catch me that much. But then I stumbled upon this movie. It's better than "Vampiros Lesbos". I think Franco is looking for what he can do with the story and the camera. We find that he can do a lot. I didn't expect to meet "Necronomicon" Excellent: The beginning didn't impress me. Remember that I have seen "Vampiros Lesbos" before (although the sequence of events that occurred only three years later) and both films started as well. But then the story continues, puzzling and interesting, beautiful camera work, and what you want to see Goddard do if he doesn't interfere with publishing his political message. Later in this movie, I heard the dialogue about art that is or is not outdated. The man said that every movie must be outdated because it took weeks before the audience could see what was filmed. But the girl replied, "Bunuel, Fritz Lang and Godard yesterday created a movie for tomorrow." Janine Reynaud is an interesting lead actor, and of course, Howard Vernon, Franco's regular actor is also there. Fortunately, the performance was good. (Something that spoiled many Franco movies for you But not this movie) but be careful of the model The intense tension, intense directing and the fact that it was yesterday's movie for tomorrow made it a movie that many people should see. The fact that it is more accessible than "Vampiros Lesbos" can definitely help.
