Police, investigation of murder, suspicion We are all familiar with them in many movies. Most movies today deal with crimes that are believed to be relevant to the audience so that they have an exciting atmosphere. However, most thrill seekers are more interested in the latest movies that have forgotten the old story, but it happens that these people may be easily misunderstood. Movies created from suspicion may be very interesting at this time, even though they are more than 20 years old ... It's GARDE A VUE, which is a unique movie of Claude Miller. <br /> <br /> There are many actions. or not Not really because the events presented in the movie happened in a short time. But the way they were executed is a huge advantage of the film. Jerome Charles Martinaud (Michel Serrault) is being investigated by Inspector Gallien (Lino Ventura) and Insector Belmont (Guy Marchand). It's a New Year's Eve rainy evening. Falls and is not very accurate for such meetings Still, after raping and killing two children in the morning of the year, the door of doubt must finally be opened. In other words (Claiming from the movie more) must reveal who is really evil wolves In order to achieve this goal, we have to use a lot of effort and emotion from both sides. <br /> <br /> Some people criticize that script too. Nonetheless, I will ask them what the investigation should be if there are not many questions and can speak really well. This loneliness touches the roots of the genre, not boring, but throughout the film, it makes you as an audience as an observer. Moreover, this movie has a well-built background as told by the story. Not too much and not too little - enough to make the whole story more clear and interesting. The most memorable thing for me was when Chantal (Romy Schneider) Martinaud's wife spoke of a lovely Christmas once ... But these events also have a view of the situation. Everything is wonderful, helping me to move properly. And since I saw GARDE A VUE, I often talked about this film as one of the "guardians" of French theaters to oppose the allegations of chaos and chaos. <br /> <br /> But the things mentioned above The beginning may not attract a large audience because they may not like the movie and still do not find content and pleasant use. Nonetheless, GARDE A VUE is worth seeing for people like this. Why? For the benefit of the show But here, don't expect me to praise Romy Schneider. The most important GARDE A VUE is not a Romy Schneider car. She works great as a mother with deep despair for lost children. She clearly shows the person who is calm and concrete that does not reject the proposed tea. But don't want to play with words Her part, which includes deep discussions about life and duties, is excellent, more reliable than Elsa's melancholic role in LA PASSANTE DE SANS SOUCI. It still serves. However, Romy Schneider doesn't have much time on screen. In practice, she appeared for the first time after 45 minutes of credit. She, as a wife and a different view, is a symbol of the New Year at midnight. Her role is purely supportive. Who is the real stone is Lino Ventura? He is a middle-aged superintendent, Antoine Gallien, who wants to find out the truth. Who knows that his question is "missile" to other interlocutors, but without hesitation? Then three times completely accepted the mind of a woman He was not able to see his work as a game. But is a real service In the end of the New Year's Eve, Michel Serrault also expressed fear, especially in the final scene of the movie, but gave a great thumbs up to Mr Ventura. <br /> <br /> As far as possible about memorable moments, this is not the type of movie that easily analyzes this aspect. This movie is a memorable movie that needs to be watched more than once and must have a sense of its atmosphere and which I didn't mention before. For me, the talk of Chantal and Inspector Gallien is the most impeccable moment. You are there, along with the two characters, you will experience their state of mind if you delve deeper into what you see. <br /> <br /> Garden V is a very interesting movie. The New Year's show has already happened and ... is it now easier to open the door? You will know when you decide to watch the movie directed by Claude Miller 8/10.
