We, Edwood's fans, tend to be the first group. But in this film, pushed me to the top of the dome, which I never approached before! One of the most intense thrills of non-mainstream movie flattering - at least as far as I was concerned - was the joy of discovering unclear things. I remember as a teenager I wished to see "Eddie's Revenge" (a.k.a. "Night of the Ghouls"), which at that time had been pitted for two decades In the same way, a mysterious masterpiece, such as creating a low budget as "Return to Death" by Doris Witchman or half the work of Jesus Franco! However, in the last few years, seeing videos and DVDs showing these inaccessible treasures is almost accessible, even those of us on the 'wrong' (Atlantic) side of Atlantic .... <br /> <br /> Then, behold, "I woke up early in the day I died" - a movie that should be 'big' but lost in the ether even before Fangoria published an article that was long enough. Should be the first time in 1990 needed a rare film. But in fact, it's worth it to hunt: and to make sure that is so .... I don't want to add too much comment on the amazing aspects of This movie - an elegant actor But still have hallucinations But often hallucinatory hallucinations "Pure cinema" (in terms of 1920s French movies) and surrealism or even a memorable soundtrack - have been described as thoroughly as possible by other users here. <br /> <br /> My stuff Wanting to speak briefly is the happiness that I get from hunting down some vague inventions about this subject almost to us. -but-thankfully-not-quite movie! I think the German video which I picked up while in Cologne on a cold day today is well known among Ed Wood's followers. It is also a general knowledge that the promotional poster for Movie debut However, there is still a lot to be found !!! Firstly, there are a lot of comments from the movie THEATRICAL of this film in Germany - I have used many of these things in my translation class in an effort to "Woodify" my students ..... These reviews This is some positive benefit to movies. The value of art and entertainment - and the most interesting is that most critics put it in American trash and European art traditions. The second is scored by Larry Groupe, 'which can be obtained from the man himself - many tracks exert the true emotions of the listener, especially if you are contemplating the status of the current movie "bend" and grow sad. A little grief in the same time. Finally - for now - I want to mention SOUNDTRACK. The promotion at Cinequanon brings out a very limited amount. BEG, BORROW, STEAL KILL or do everything you can if you have the opportunity to get these things !! !!!! It consists of 14 songs from the film, including the poem of Eartha Kitt, the song "Jesus I Am Wicked" by Darcy Din (Episode Two, a version that still exists on CDs from New Zealand, although it is another story!) Cool radio songs at Christina Ricci. Those amazing dances and techno were reduced by Minty and ZHV (who later became the Billy Z techno band) ..... <br /> <br /> Become Passion - Let Ed Wood dominate your life
