This film, 1998, was created by Edward D. Wood, which is a screenplay that does not have dialogue in the movie tradition, such as THE THIEF, while most of Wood's work is a low-cost, exotic film in various genres, but his first debut feature is GLEN. Or GLENDA is a truly visionary attempt to express expression through ancient techniques. I woke up the first day I died, showing that side of Ed Wood, who tried it, although this movie is a comedy. (It's the most scary joke!) While the costume theme across the GLEN or GLENDA is serious about that. There is no room for comedy there. From the first few seconds of this movie, I knew that I was brought to a new movie world and I couldn't compare that to anything else. Film technical aspects - design, production, sound design, scoring, music, photography and more - are advanced at every level Especially though the movie does not have "dialogue", but it has all kinds of sounds and "languages", but you have to see how it is done by yourself, while the intelligence and surprise of that method give you the level of excitement. Throughout Glen or Glenda-esque techniques of placing stock images juxtaposing for surreal visual effects, works well in this movie and is kept to a minimum. This film plays in the hysterical field, and Billy Zen also shows an amazing tour de-Ford, which shows what a great comedian and physical actor is. In a fair world, he will be rewarded for this performance. He looks like Ed Wood and played by Zane. This character, many times, is funny, lazy, sad, sympathetic, and anonymous. (Sometimes at the same time !!!) It's a shame that the film faced legal problems and never released a drama or video in North America, just playing a few festivals only. Now only available in German videos. (In fact, my copy is from a German source - an excerpt from the screenplay of Wood, which occasionally appears on the screen, is translated into German, although newspaper headlines Low budget techniques for providing plot elements, especially things that are too expensive to be taken by using newspaper headlines in the Wood tradition, which Zane sees in English.) I think this movie should be Received word of mouth from mouth-to-mouth if playing at midnight in some big cities with careful promotion And if playing outside the city by slowing the movie circuit, it should be well done In fact, if legal problems can be resolved, I would recommend that this movie should be released. The drama, especially the release of the "cult" of MIDNIGHT, is a classic game waiting to be discovered. <br /> <br /> Do I "understand" every scene? No, but I "feel" every emotional scene, "work" in the movie or not, maybe not. I just saw it twice and the first time I saw it, I was right. scrub Whether extensive multiple times However, with all the junk assembly lines that are multiplexed and with many "alternative" movies that are superstitious movies or filming school videos that have been opposed, we need to make a Hollywood experiment. like this Bob Dylan's latest film, "Masked and Anonymous", has a similar opportunity to Steven Soderbergh's FULL FRONTAL. This movie can find an audience that is larger than one of them. If you are reading this review for a few years from now, and the idea of ​​this movie sounds interesting, see if it was released in the video or not. You won't be bored. Invite friends to come ... make it a party. Play amazing soundtrack sounds. I have a feeling that wherever he is in the afterlife, Edwood is happy with this film and feels as though his unique vision has been proven and examined by the creation. This movie Wood may have laughed just as he seemed to make life worse. The movie created to praise him after his death was arrested in a lawsuit.
