OK, so I knew this movie because my friend was there and I visited the scene when they were filming. So from my personal standpoint, I was finally fascinated to see this small, unclear jewel. If you dig all the information about this movie, you will find that it has legal problems. (Even after 7 years after being filmed) So if you are like me - you will do everything to get copied. My source eBay about $ 15 but I feel torn because when I Received today by email. It is a rough copy of the "SCREENER ONLY" release complete with the annoying top mini code. But alas, I still enjoy it, but not as much as I have the exact copy of what I suggest you get if you want this film to be fully affected or may not be with you. From what I gathered, it was published on DVD in Germany and now Spain. With good luck and a happy search / auction ...;) Score / sndtrk is worth only Blend and very different (somethinbg rare today IMHO in the movie) - I think will be sndtrk / my next score to find. But I digress ... <br /> <br /> Now go into the examination. The film opens when Billy Zane's character is injecting a nurse in the psychiatric ward. He is clearly trapped. He stole her clothes. (Even shoes) and rushed into the bank shop / loan set, but after escaping with a robbery Well, I guess this is where the "plot" begins - he loses it accidentally. After the crime, many times a lot of people and groups of celebrities in the group A to C to raise money, he found himself in a funeral cemetery - I think the dead that he shot into the credit office / bank and Even with police cars and police in the 1950s looking at him constantly - he never saw or was caught. (He saw a daily newspaper reporting his "crime") This thing that I like because it makes some extensions. In the end, it's a movie (see: fiction) and director Iris Iliopulos does what I think is everywhere. As possible in 1) achieving the vision of Wood and achieving 2) giving a modern feeling Ah, local stores $ 99.99 - very good, so I give 9 points. If the time and props are real - I will give 10 is now. It envelops itself. Strange and I will not destroy it for anyone. But suppose that the final ending is quite disappointing for me. It has promises of action and comedy - to the end. So ... with everything said - allocate a copy at your own discretion. <br /> <br /> Just know that because there is no conversation. (Except storytelling and singing) This may be your alley - maybe not - but I think it's worth watching. All the actors performed good performances and it was just an inconsistency at the right moment which made me long for that fix - then I would speak by examining this movie because it's not like those studios. This came out today. Will be in the future as well) I'm sure
