Jonathan Dam has the first director of the legendary Roger Corman series. The New World Pictures is one of the best films in the 70s of the chicks industry. Beauteous Russ Meyer, actor Eric ( "Fox," "Beyond the Valley of the Dolls") Gavin gives a strong and winning performance as a new, strong and flexible fish that will give her the best to persevere in a dirty and detention center. evil Never before has Barbara Steel presented a gruesome image as a frightened and irritated sex worker. (Her erotic dreams about making a slow and hot striptease in front of female inmates Top female actors of the 70s, Roberta ("The Arousers," "Unholy Rollers") Collins gave a terrifying and fun time to the fun as a cheerful forward. Lynda Gold (aka Crystin Sinclaire From Tobe Hooper's "Eaten Alive" and Curtis Harrington's "Ruby"), launching her lively movie as an uninhibited Crazy Cat and Cheryl "Rainbeaux". Responding to the formidable innocent role She is from the "Lemora: children's stories about the supernatural" <br /> <br /> Although this will deliver rough language, nudity, sexual assault and violence in sufficient quantities. But still not offensive The film has explored effectively in many ways that men exploit cruelty with women and express strong opinions that women can overcome any obstacles if they gather together in groups so that they can confront those who Oppress women The reliable direction of Demme comes with details of many remarkable events and delightful moments of charming human behavior. In addition, both the lively movies of Tak Fujimoto and John Cale's colorful blues ball score are 100% excellent from the great money. Patrick Wright (Sheriff Mac in a cheap monster set Feared like a wretched "Track of the Moonbeast"), being slightly rested as a police officer whose car was stolen by three people escaping to prison when he stopped at Gas station to use the bathroom "Caged Heat" is fun, exciting and fun, making movie viewers who like to drive in the 70s get to watch.
