The location of this film is one that focuses on the polarization of ideals in the United States .. This is a highly flammable situation in America, where both cultures are completely different. What is this vile act like? .. When this movie shows the scene (While Hockock and Smith drink) These two men are not drunk and are not under the influence of drugs !! It is a clear case of cold hearings and calculations .. In general, these violent acts are the result of emotional and social neglect ... Every time in 1975, we as The nation has cared for the victims of the environment ... However, this incident occurred in 1959 !! This terrifying revelation surrounded us and made the country become part of the conflicting ethics !! With the release of the latest film "Capote", based on Truman Capote, the creator of the documentary "In Cold Blood". The American cultivated a new discovery passion for the film !! Robert Blake plays the role of Perry Smith, one of the villains in this movie ... seems to be the right thing because of the behavior that he is involved in his personal life !! "In Cold Blood" focuses on Lahore consists of not explain ... No related revenge was no object, no significant possibilities for social progress here as well, this is just an example of the hidden and insidious. Aggressive anger that ended absolutely did not show the way !! The situation diatribes that Hickock and Smith groaned about were always vague !! Under the circumstances, why would they be disappointed in the skeptic and innocent Kansas family? Geer (Walton's grandfather) will act as a prosecutor who prosecuted a terrible neurosis !! His reasoning is fully persuasive ... His argument is: "Two men who do not show mercy now ask for your opinion." This is a logical way to convince me to judge the offense if I am. One of them Jury members !! Absolutely insulting for the precarious fate of your life is not a problem for capital crime preparation !! It is Capote's instinct that says that such serious actions should bring to the attention of the American public !! When it appeared, it was a harbinger of things to come .. "In cold blood" do that !! This event was a calm before the storm related to the nature of the extremist 1960s. This evil Charade also serves as an insights about the separate interests that surround many of the common Americans in the future !!! <br /> <br /> Truman Capote has done a great job in proving the truth about his book (which is the best seller) and with this documentary ... acting in the movie. the This story by Robert Blake and Scott Wilson, as well as people like John Forsyth, director Richard Brooks ("Cat on a Tin Tin Roof", "Blackboard Jungle "" Elmer Gantry "and" Key Largo "are famous but a few !! are outstanding in their cooperation in this film !! I think "In Cold Blood" is one of the best movies in the history of movies !! This film demonstrates the vicious spawning of the wicked, penetrating deep into a crazy theater and a truly satisfying wounds for being accepted at an insulting level across the country! ! .... This movie points to dissatisfaction. The sender of violence !! The ideology of our country is now incredibly different than in 1959 !! This movie introduces Americans to the moody villain who initiates a precarious change in our overall value system !! I advise everyone that they see this movie ... "In Cold Blood" is the focal point of the movie "Capote"! Think about it. Creating a movie about movies is a rare and desirable praise in Hollywood !! In the case of "In Cold Blood", it is the best example of a movie that has a highly intelligent person. And of course, it passes without saying "In Cold Blood" is the most amazing movie !!
