The actual crime story that is at the core of In Cold Blood may seem a little 'tame' for those who are weeding in the classic serial killer (Gein, Bundy, Dahmer) or more embarrassing cases in Hollywood (OJ, Manson)) The important facts in this case do not cause much confusion: Perry Smith and Dick Hockock (played by Robert Blake and Scott Wilson respectively). By conspiring to rob the farmhouse The one in Kansas. Four families with shotguns and daggers went out for $ 43, apart from that they returned to the United States shortly after fleeing to Mexico. They were caught by ridiculous opportunities. (The police followed them and stopped them because of a stolen car after Smith and Hockock helped a boy and his old man collect bottles for change) and was sentenced to hang until death. The story ends in 1965. <br /> <br /> But it is the story of the time of the movie, pure touch at Brooks and DP Conrad Hall. Sharp, black and white widescreen, and narrative style that gives a realistic feel without having to go into too much naturalness or excessive sexuality (May help near the end The weather of tragedy hangs the story and not much because of suicide, no matter how cruel they are. "The Third Person" that conjured up as the narrator noted by Smith and Hickcock, but because of the inevitable story What do you feel for these criminals who are on the other hand to be just a normal number or something from the movie B? They are not good people. But they don't have to be monsters at least all the time. <br /> <br /> It's a great 'road-movie' because we see Smith and Hickcock on the road to Clutter's home (night scenes that The actual occurrence of the crime that occurred during the film's time) then traveled to Mexico, then returned to America to Las Vegas. We went into the personality of these two people, maybe more than a police detective, who initially didn't have a leader and eventually stopped with the prisoners. In fact, it was annoying to get close to both of these. (Similar to the pointless quality of the characters in Malik's Badlands) and it was a sign of courage during that time No sermon like "He did this because of this and this or other things." We saw how Smith had a fierce and fierce father, but Smith loved and hated him. The complexity that is too much for the movie may be too much for the Capote book (which I should confess. I'm still not able to read it even though it's planned) and we see Hickcock as a confident creature. (Such as receiving a suit and other things that have a bad review) but there is no explanation that is rooted in all things. <br /> <br /> The line of death in cold blood is one of the starkest of 60s and Bruges' good fortune to have stars like Blake in his best performances (This story and the Lost Highway, when considering his real-life fairy tales in the last few years, the work) and Wilson's development before becoming a character While they are surrounded by good support, they are absorbed in surprisingly, driven by greed and dreams of escaping with treasures and more and more and still remain in the situation of They passed the death row. Is this the morale of the story? If there is one thing, it may be more frightening if confronted with the possibility that the person killed cannot be identified. Smith apologizes for his crime before being hung and He pointed out, "But who?" This is the story that gives fans the most horrific crime fanatics and is the best American film of 1967.
