Criminals Perry Smith and Richard "Dick" Hockock believe that Clutter of Holcomb, Kansas, holds a large amount of money in a safe place. On November 15, 1959, when they hit two, they ended up. By killing Mr and Mrs The son and the teenage daughter after the police investigation, both men were found and convicted of being hanged in the Cold Blood (1967) directed by Richard Brooks. Now I haven't read the Truman Capote novel. This story is based on So I couldn't make any comparisons. A great movie that tells those horrifying events that actually happened. Robert Blake is great, like Perry. Of course, Blake has his own murder a few years ago. From killing his wife, he is now free. But we still do not know the truth. He may still be a very good actor. Scott Wilson did a great job as Hickock. John Forsyth was great, like Alvin Dewey. Paul Stewart is a very good thing, like Jensen. Jeff Corey is a very amazing person, like Mr. Hickock, the same thing with Charles McGraw, who plays Tex Smith, John MacArthur, portrays Herbert Clutter. , Ruth Story is his wife, Bonnie Brenda. Currin is Nancy's daughter and Paul Huff is the son of Kenyin. From this lighter side, it's great when Perry wants to hunt for gold in Mexico and speak to Hickock: Remember Bogart in the treasure of Sierra Madre? "And Blake himself is in this movie like a boy! And it was a fun time when they sat with that kid and his grandfather collected bottles and changed them into money back. The darker times were the most haunting scenes that you saw in the past. The murder occurred very much. Scary when Perry killed the girl Nancy. Lastly, she said "Please, please, don't" ... human brutality, it is impossible to explain from the hanging scene before Hickock. The first time talking to the ministers in the final picture of the movie we saw, Perry hit the end of the rope, the movie and the book might try to sympathize with these villains, especially Perry's character who you feel. Sorry His mother and father hated him, but still loved, but it didn't change the fact that both of these actors showed that these actors were cruel murderers who didn't feel sorry for anyone. And kill both people Cold-blooded families, how can you sympathize with these people?
