In 2006 "In Cold Blood" - a thrilling thriller from 1967, with two interesting new contexts that had never been seen before. The first and the coldest is the fact that it is the actor Robert Blake has just been investigating the murder of his wife. Secondly, the biographical film that won the latest Oscar "Capote" shows the story behind the author of Truman Capit, a haunted crime story. Both new twists make the movie timely for modern audiences. <br /> <br /> As the only film from the "In Cold Blood" era, it is the most popular movie in every area. The most notable thing is the beautiful black and white movies from Conrad Hall (later from "American Beauty" and "Road to Perdition" celebrity). Many stills from the Kansas State Farm House at night or street. In the countryside lined with trees can be sold as art photos When combined with the direction of Jack Nutcracker from Brooks and the excellent editing in the first scene (where we see the cruel everyday lives of innocent families who are brutally murdered with the plot A lot of two unfortunate killers) created that set the stage for a gripping suspense. (Although everyone knows that this will end because of the fact that it depends on real life events). In addition, it is a wonderful story to see in this era that the harsh murder scene can describe the nature of That action is conveyed to the audience by the blood that appears on the screen. <br /> <br /> The film has also been well taken by Robert Blake's eerie performance in the Keep out of sympathy But the brutal cruelty of the killing partner His frightening childhood scenes were very well done. Then there was a scene in the end of the movie that he spoke to Reverend before being sent to the gallows and he made his last "confession" to speak. Is one of the classic movie moments that is the perfect marriage of witty performances, excellent writing, flawless direction and haunted photography I dare to remove your thoughts from the reflection of the rain from the window that flows through Robert Blake's fading face instead of the actual tears. <br /> <br /> The only thing that interrupts "In Cold "Blood" is slow. The central movement acts on the killer on the trunk and the forced nature of the social explanation at the end. The message about politics that has been attached to the death penalty is second only to the description of the killer and their victims.
