For anyone with moderate feelings, moderate feelings of humanity and a humane physical condition for everyone who has the ability to overcome over the Hollywood family for everyone who is not satisfied with watching movies. Have Sea Hawks For anyone who has the level of intelligence, ability, empathy, understanding, understanding, laughing, crying with a gentle heart, warm, warm, human, sympathetic. People waiting for Le Huitième Jour are for you. Just a masterpiece that may be too easy. He achieved one of those rare artworks in the film world that challenged any encapsulation. Is it a drama? Is it funny? No: It's a story of Georges, a great joke, cute, cute, laughable, cute, scary, horrible personality, who is affected by Down's syndrome. It's a story that makes you laugh through your tears. But this is not one of those classic jerks. This film moves through the world with you at the same time, mixing feelings of sympathy or pity, or even shame on those who appreciate warmth and even love. Harry salesman bank successfully slammed into Georges: They both go in the opposite direction to the ideas and priorities of the opponents. Vandell was able to dissolve two men who would not be warm friendships. But it is more than a friend of good friendship among those who drink beer along the road This is a relationship that develops into a deep need for both scenes. Cuasi-surrealist That fits perfectly: Georges remembers the past scenes of his life while dreaming or sleeping all day. Even the final scene of a dream that is almost entirely correct The only scene that may be seen as strange is when they steal the bus and drive out of the show room. However, this did not deviate from all. This movie is a monument. Even if your French language is not much, please show with the sub-name `Le Huitième Jour '. It is worth the problem. As for other matters, just read the following comment: ?? I go with them all This film is happy, it is majestic. It is unique. If you see `rain man ', which I think is a great movie, you have to watch this movie: it's better because it's not a superficial veneer of world-famous actors produced by Hollywood. It has Pascal, Duquenne and Daniel Auteuil ?? Ten Oscars for these two and three others for Jaco van Dormael who cares ????????? Yes: 11 out of 10 if IMDb's rating doesn't drop under stress <br /> <br /> Magnifique! Chapeau!
