David and Bathsheba had no bad conversations. "I am a hand that has a catapult." "The king of all Israel there in the dark revealed himself to the enemy." (Full score with Dennis Hoyi for sending that with a straight face), "Go and Sitting with a concubine. "And somehow I wonder if David was tired of telling Nathan the prophet. "What you said" He also tried the old method, "My kingdom does not understand me" regularly in the desperate Bathsheba housekeeper at one point, so it may be a tribute to the direction of Henry King. That this movie is not bad, although there are many mistakes in the first three Maybe it's the nature of censorship. A married man kills the woman's husband and escapes with it! ?? But King brought the moral and theological complexity that grew up in Philip Dunn's script, rather than raising sin and Hokuto sandals. This is the conflict of David on the slope of the hill that was abandoned by God, vengeful that he no longer understood, and this film did not return from the question that could not answer the awkward why the deity Love will choose to take revenge on the innocent rather than the guilty person. It also offers a critique of the true surprises of the gender inequality of the laws that fall. The husband of the wife of their punishment <br /> <br /> Unlike David, the king sidelined. Interestingly, Saul David is the center of the drama very tightly and even with an intriguing and intimate shoulder jerk when he looks at the death of Saul and Jonathan Gregory's performance. Reed Pek grows higher when David shrinks. Susan Hayward is a pure Hollywood pro. Raymond Massey is a suitable drama prophet. (Why must be natural when you have a sound that causes the vibration of heaven?) And Kieron Moore's Uriah because he puts him in danger But even threatening to sell the movie, David did not allow the ethics from prison without having to die. With a strong design But surprisingly, and taking the Tech Color photograph is the most cutting-edge of the 40s Biblical poetry. <br /> <br /> Fox's new DVD is a good transfer. To the incredible background Short and trailers with short shots removed from this movie's fight scene
