This film is famous for its many qualities: a screenplay for the creation of religious films by Philip Dunne, once a very good performance, first-class production in every department and a wise direction by experienced Henry King. If someone created a movie then gained talent such as Leon Shamroy as a film director, Lyle Wheeler as an art director and Alfred Newman as the original composer will guarantee quality production. Add the actors of this film, including Gregory Peck and Susan Hayward as the character named James Robertson Justice, Raymond Massey, Kieron Moore, Jayne Meadows and John Sutton, along with dancing by Gwen Verdon and expectations may increase. Make something special But the Bible's headline is often a sub-genre that tends to cause unreasonable motives and ultimately amazing interventions. It all depends on the skills of the author Philip Dunne here. Difficult in scripture movies David is a man in many aspects of this film, not a man who made mythical things on paper in the old covenant. Gregory Peck made him curious, passionate, self-controlled, abandoned and attracted attention. Hayward is just the perfect choice. But indicates the land of common sense and the emotional state that allows us to see why the king of Israel is at risk for her. The remaining actors are strong and able to turn. Familiar stories help them work. But the author Dunn and the actor do as much as possible with the human situation. David's youth was told about the past. The way he was chosen by the prophet of the Lord Jehovah to be the king of Israel and received the second way to King Saul by defeating Goliath of the Philistines in the fight when Everyone is afraid to be a giant warrior beard. After that, he was eventually expelled from the court of King Saul of Israel, becoming a famous warrior and returning to the kingdom and becoming the instrument of the death of Jonathan, the son of the king who had we are friend His war was successful - the film was actually opened with a successful attack scene. But his life was empty since Michal, Jaye Meadows's wife, was Saul's daughter and was cold for him. He turned to Bathsheba, which he saw from the palace roof. After that, she admitted that she hoped that he would see her. But she has a husband, Uriah When she is pregnant, it is necessary for Uriah to enter from the battlefield and spend time at home. He asked David to put him on the front line of the fight, even after the encouragement of Verdon's dance. David agreed. He was killed by war heroes; But this does not solve the problem of dishonesty Drought came to Israel and the king's infidelity was blamed for this phenomenon. Eventually, David put his hands on the Ark of the Covenant, just brought to Jerusalem and set in the temple, which caused other people who had accidentally died to touch him. Invite his Lord to punish him - and nothing happened .. . David left the temple and found that the rain came to his barren land. This film is interesting and varied in the genre of scenes and beautiful bodies. The director and the writer took advantage of the observer's principles and succeeded in making human characters become more human in almost every movie that is outside of Grecianized - Near Eastern Canon, whose success is slightly easier because there is no Miracle or religious issues Adventures like this. Great memories for impressive recognition, good performances and intelligent conversations.
