Not a fan of the first athlete, I hesitate to play this game a lot. After playing the preview But I was sold. "Undying" can pull you into the game and be part of the universe that your character is in. You have this green fetish called "Gel'ziabar Stone" that has special powers and reminds you of the event Or things. Look at. With a special spell "the scrye", you can see something that is not visible. When walking into the hall, you will hear a magical stone whispering: "Look" with the stone shining as an example. And then use scrye spells. You can see some strange and creepy things in the drawing Let me tell you to witness the horrible things like hell. Those who expect to finish this game in a few hours can forget this, even if using cheats. This game requires characters that use intelligence and walk carefully. Because, like in the horror movie, the story around you is usually quite dark And ghosts and monsters will appear randomly when you don't expect and can kill you quickly There is one scene in which you want to go into the room where you are pushed back with a strong force that takes a moment to realize what has happened. This is a scene that may occur directly from the classic horror movie "Evil Dead"! To experience this is a true success. There are many elements that bring "Undying" to the level of the best classic horror movies ever produced. But sadly I have to report that there are some bugs One thing that the universe that you play is very large. You start in a large mansion with hidden rooms of all types and even a hidden hell called "Oneiros". That's all good to start. But with the loading time and difficult enemies during it may cause frustration And without a map The game requires you to memorize your surroundings. So must have patience There are also jumping puzzles that you have to do, otherwise you won't be able to progress. I do not mind to jump on the platform in the third party adventure. But in the first person mode that can be an annoying task Fortunately, you can record anywhere, anytime. And believe me, you'll want it overall. "Undying" is the first shooting game that shouldn't be missed by horror or game fans.
