The saddest thing about this movie is that there are only 8 people who care to express their opinions and no one feels that it is worthwhile to comment on the message board. <br /> <br /> Do the same year. Philadelphia ... Tom Hanks, Oscar winner ... This is a movie that people should see and receive awards. There are more humanity, life, love, tenderness and beauty in these two people than in gay movies. Other things I have seen ... and it's true. <br /> <br /> To make this a reality. Type I have to leave a few lines: enough to say that anyone who wants to know that it's gay in the 60s and 70s and understands how AIDS is before. Modern cocktails "Cocktails" allow people to breathe more easily. A little ... This is a movie to watch. <br /> <br /> Oh and I will add a personal opinion about AIDS. Even with everything But actually it has a silver lining for every horror When AIDS arrived for the first time, it was called "gay cancer" and the government needed "Let them die" instead of using research to help save money From then, it is clear that AIDS is also a sexually transmitted disease. But the government is not ready yet So when straight people start to get sick too, the only organizations and associations available to them are organizations established by gays (example: project name: blankets to remember those who died from AIDS; As a result, people who may never have contact with gay men in their normal lives find themselves counting on them and needing them because no other organization exists. In my close assessment, this is what ultimately broke down the barriers of prejudice and allowed the world to accept gays in the end. When AIDS arrived at the scene for the first time, many of us thought that the world would use it as a way to make us more difficult ... and that might be true if the Straits were not sick as well. Nonetheless, the advances made in gay liberation - until I wrote this thing, at least 5 countries around the world accepting gay marriage - these benefits may take longer without AIDS. It's a sad story to think that all those people - both straight and gay - must die before our humanity becomes more clear - but if what I write at This is true, and I think it is - then there's the convenience. Must realize that those people do not die worthless
