Despite the news that Louis B. Mayer was not interested in signing a contract with Greta Garbo in the contract. But the first American film and MGM for actresses is quite beautiful. Obviously, this film has been assigned a remarkable special talent in filming and creating glazed drawings because of the beauty and shine you expect from the best images the studio can produce. It looks simple - even 84 years later. <br /> <br /> For yourself, Garbo is like her first American movie that you too. Although she is well remembered But her makeup is much lighter than I thought in a year, giving a less intense look and her tenderness that you didn't see in the next movie. I hope they keep this look. But considering how famous she is about the appearance of the trademark, who am I to say that they should not follow that path ?! This film is about Garbo and the way she and her family are unfairly forced from landowners. While the landowner Doña Bernarda, who was very popular, claimed that it was because the bank demanded expenses. But because her son fell in love with Garbo - and a better way to get rid of her from the road! A good woman, right ?! Many years have passed and now Garbo has become a world-famous new singing sensation. When she returned to her hometown many years later, her ex-girlfriend (which HAD promised to marry her, but wimped out when Doña Bernarda, his mother refused to give it), saw her now a new love. His for another woman is being tested - he will be pleased to marry this woman, who is the heir of a big pig fortune or does he want his old flame? And more importantly, Garbo will take him back after he behaved innocently? During this time there was a severe rain storm. The land began to flood and houses were flooded soon. Cortez and friends act crazy when the dam breaks! In the scene that is clear that they overlap his rowing boat over the overlapping streams. Eventually he makes it alive and goes to the house where Garbo is staying. She welcomed them inside and they stayed with her until the storm passed. Then he admitted that he still loved her and dared to storm to make sure she was safe. She told him to get lost! Next you will see Ricardo being married to his second option, the daughter of the Pig King. Obviously he has a little enthusiasm in this matter - and you feel sorry for the woman because she didn't do anything wrong. Soon, Cortez returned to Garbo's house, he loved and seriously ill. In this scene, Garbo is quite clear and can't tell him to leave - when they melt in each other's arms. He told her about her love for her again. <br /> <br /> When Donabana knew this, she was not happy. Obviously, Pork Queen is a better catcher than a world-famous singer. Due to the meddling of this nasty old woman, Garbo was reluctant to live between her mother and her terrible son. But Cortez came back - declaring that he had to have her and would not stop until he became his wife. After the announcement of this statement, family friends talked to Cortez and convinced him to give up for the sake of his work and reputation. However, Cortez is a talkative person all the time, for some reason she can't bring herself to hate him. So he married Pork Queen and lived a very boring life. When many years later, Garbo met Cortez again. He was a middle-aged man who looked boring while she was so beautiful. And not surprisingly, she told him again to get lost. <br /> <br /> When this film was created, Garbo was not a star in the United States and Cortez was. So for this reason it is surprising that they gave Cortez a playable character. Rather than the role that Valentino had as confident as usual that they wanted to give him here, he was an impatient man - a big man. And from here to his career is in a slower spiral For Garbo, this script helped to make her a celebrity because she was the focus of this film and played the role of her character. <br /> <br /> New song composed. For it is very good, even if repeated The strange print is almost perfect, except for the intertitle card, which can be used for restoration. <br /> <br /> The most fun movie - created by experts with flair and worth watching. And for one of the few times that I can think of it, I have no real complaints in this great movie
