I see 'New York: I love you' today and love it! I am looking forward to seeing this after watching 'Paris je t'aime' and overall I think I like this one better ... maybe I have to see 'Paris je t'aime' again. I don't know. . I read some reviews about NY: ILY and yes, this movie is not flawed. When you pay tribute to a city like New York - it's quite overwhelming and there's nothing fair enough to do about the justice of the city ... so without explaining the details of the movie's flaws, I'll write about what I like. <br /> <br /> Unlike the 'Paris je t'aime', each director's short film is categorized and appropriately titled. NY: ILY can't and the number of auditors Here you find the smoothness of the story and the overlap of The characters here are annoying and confusing. I think otherwise I like the story circulating and I like the characters that are very overlapping - it may be gimmicky because it is often done in the movie right now. But I still like it because I didn't find it forced And the idea that we all connect together at the end, with curiosity despite the strange qualities - which some people may find repetitive But I found it beautiful. <br /> <br /> I like every movie. I am the best person by Yvan Attal with Robin Wright Penn and Chris Cooper. It is a good job and wrote a script that revealed in the end - not used in the past again - leads me to tears and I cry throughout the segment. That followed I always like Wright Penn, and now I'm a fan of Krisper. The precious thing, the first few seconds when he stood alone outside the restaurant before he received the call - talks about Cooper's ability to convey the character by being there without saying anything. > <br /> Most stories in This film deals with the characters that have met for the first time or recently met, except for the 4-5 stories that the characters have known for a long time. Seems to me (And I may be wrong) that the story is different But all of them are trying to drive home. Needless, even just retreating and looking at new perspectives on people and things we know. In our lives for a long time To see people and things around you with the eyes of strangers and admire them, just as you do when you meet them and see them for the first time. <br /> <br /> Other movies My favorite is people by Shunji Iwai and Orlando Bloom and Christina Ricci by Natalie Portman and Carlos Acosta and Taylor Geare by Brett Ratner with Anton Yelchin and Olivia Thirlby by Shekhar Kapur with Julie Christie, Shia LaBeouf and John Hurt and again by Yvan joined Ethan Hawke and Emilie Ohana when they were in The coffee I want to see more work by Yvan Attal because I like him a lot! <br /> <br /> Overall, watch this movie with an open mind. Do not read reviews before watching! It may not be as you expect this movie and about love in New York should be, and I wonder what films will live in that concept. Just watch this movie to listen to good music, shoot beautiful landscapes, slice comfort and stories or two that may draw your feelings out.
