New York, I love you, finally making it to our coast, but 10 short stories, love stories don't have enough reason to be released on Valentine's Day, probably because of the fact that this year's festival falls on the Lunar New Year. And With what followed was the LNY blockbuster movie, typical of Jackie Chan. (Not non-Spy Next Door) and local filmmaker Jack Neo, who launched his latest movie during that time to succeed Why must the formula be broken? <br /> <br /> Continuing in the concept of Paris, Je T'aime begins to lay eggs in the city of love. (Shanghai will be like that) Credit off here) The buzz here is definitely about the interrelated stories in one of the cities of the world that allow various interpretations from filmmakers to create stories. According to love in a form, although some people may forget to tell Scarlett Johansson some of the better points in the sand and short rules of her fall from the drama that can not adapt to G Everything (Well, it was shot in white and black) but this is hoping that it will Make it a DVD. At least <br /> <br /> This series structure is less divided compared to its predecessor, which, if the memory serves me correctly, has a personal story set within its own boundaries and never. Separated from invention Already created a border Here, there is a little more distance that the characters from different stories interact with in a short filler group that is used to link the scenes together and not just But rely on receiving images created from buildings and landscapes, hoping to make things serendipitous With the idea of ​​encountering opportunities among strangers, even though one story uses this idea creatively for telling their own stories to surprise even if seen in Paris. <br /> < br /> One of the most attractive things to watch movies This is the creative power behind the stories from writers, directors and movie filmmakers from various regions and backgrounds, reflecting the cosmopolitan makeup of the city as a concept movie. And more than that, famous celebrities who are famous among people who are less acquainted with each other enjoy the perfect performance, whether it is long, short or supportive. You can't deny the star's stare, beginning to realize the interesting things from Irrfan Khan to Natalie Portman (who wrote and directed) Rachel Bilson (looks like Bardot) to the blue-eyed boy of the year. Berg Show and perform in a matter of minutes here, more than all of his film work to date. <br /> <br /> A wise story like any poetry, you'll find something that will automatically attract you and with Others who don't wear 'T' are straightforward in nature, while others have to come up with twisting mechanisms that work. Thank you. But this 10 story plus 1 (because Randall Balsmeyer was assigned to include everything Together for a more natural feeling than to accept images from lesser known areas and acceptable observation points), whatever the story is rooted in, in fact, compared to the surprising elements Mind in the previous movie (Elijah Wood and all vampires?) Or even the adventures with less storytelling style (Christopher Doyle's) and Tom Tykwer. Here, it seems that the filmmakers choose to use safely without adventure. And the experiment <br /> <br /> A little minor, I still enjoy almost all the shorts here. Feel about it The short film style is very alive and makes them gather together as a feature under the City of Love banner. It works well and makes me wonder if other cities exist or are included in the list. I hope the franchise might catch and spread the influence here. Of course we have enough filmmakers to gather in Singapore. I love you. So this is crossing my finger that may have something going on in the street. Otherwise, there will always be Bangkok's route. Hello, without having to do with the franchise house rules.
