Walt Disney and his 9 old men revolve around themselves in 1950 in Cinderella's classic fairy tale, which I think you can say helps create. "Fairytale Princess Trilogy" unofficially from Disney Classics. <br /> <br /> Synopsis: Cinderella is a cute girl who can't stop. She is the daughter of a wealthy widower who loves her deeply. But her mother died when Cinderella was very young and Cindy's father felt that she needed a mother body. So he eventually married a woman. Himself a widow with two daughters of the same age as Cinderella, Anastasia and Drizzla At first, they all seemed to be compatible. But after that, Cinderella's father died and the true nature of Lady Tremen was revealed - she was cold, cruel, heartless, heartless, a lively woman, and she sent those traits to her spoiled daughter. And equally meaningful, lively, Anastasia & Drizella hates Cinderella because they know deeply that she looks better and looks better, overall being more attractive than herself (Like attracting more men) and their mother Lady Tremaine hates Cindy for the same reason Over the years, Lady Treen began to lose family wealth in a stubborn mission. But useless to improve / refine the unattractive daughter (Calling them "cute" will insult people everywhere) Many servants working in the house hurt her, hurt her and make her shameful at every opportunity they get. (They like to add to her ridiculous workload) that leads us to Cinderella today, where she has become a good-looking young woman who is still kind and good even with a step family. Aggressive and hopefully one day the table becomes your favorite. <br /> <br /> Cinderella shoots her freely and is happy when the Royal Ball is held to introduce the prince. Local to a young woman who has a sense of equality Approved so that he could take her as a wife, settle down, start a family and so on. Typically, her step-by-step family tries not to allow her to join, even to harm her body and tear the dress she procures for herself. (With a little help from her mate friends - this dress is for real mothers). Finally, pushing over her breaking point, Cinderella ran out to the courtyard and cried in despair. At that time, the angel who was a deceased female god, crafty, arrived and let Cinderella complete with transport and transformed dresses. (After all, Cinderella will not make a very good impression if she enters the scene. As she had just been gang raped.) Cindy arrives at the ball. Prince falls in love with her. But midnight, the annoying rule came in, forcing her to flee. But left behind the shoe Create a short story after trying to find a mysterious woman through a glass slipper and discover Cinderella and her and the married couple, making her happy that she deserves. > <br /> <br /> <br /> Overall, the classic Disney is fun. It's not a flaw. The most obvious thing is the less prince than MacGuffin that will help push this. - He has very little screen time and even less conversations, so we never know him well. Looks good at his relationship with Cinderella. (Which is a shame since the creation of the documentary. The Prince used to have a bigger role) and a few scenes that would help Cinderella himself. The song that shows her dream of transforming into a maid's house to clean the house, including sneaking a family post ball to show fun in jealousy that was cut because of Walt. I think it makes her look feud.) Still, Cinderella is a very cute heroine, even though she is frustrated by her friends in the mouse. Of course, if this was created at the moment, Cinderella might have to fight with her family more during the ripping scene and may put himself in the top spot. (Such as choosing not to lock yourself or jump down From her window) but this is the point that is next to it. <br /> <br /> And for everyone who says Cinderella is a bad example for girls, consider this - at least Nellella And unduly revealed that is different from the current "princess" (you know who I mean)
