People criticized Disney's animation features in the 1950s because of the excessive luster of the landscape that is too old. The criticism is just And it cannot be the whole story because both the least glossy - "Alice in Wonderland" and "Peter Pan" - are also weaknesses in return. "Cinderella Hunt "is located in a world that has a very dirty spark, the best. <br /> <br /> It looks good. The background is detailed and consistent. The color is pure without being too bright. Animation is slightly different. I will swear that some humans can rotate - but then humans that rotate by themselves (Including the Cinderella itself) is not a full blood character in the script, so this method works well It's a real creature. I think the studio has never used animals in this way before because it's a totem rather than a close friend. For example, I am an animal that leads us into the story. But they are the agents or allies of Cinderella who have no more colors Lucifer the cat is a witch who is familiar with the evil stepmother. (This cat is smart and lively - one of the best cat creation works of all time. The animation director is Ward Kimball and he makes models on his own cat. I wonder how he can endure animals.) Give animals To steal the show without drawing our attention from the main story Their actions are of the highest interest only in terms of the main story. <br /> <br /> Among the actors who support the famous people is the King and Grand Duke. The King is one of the characters. - He wants grandchildren and doesn't seem to have any other desires - but the notes are very popular. Grand Duke is a fictional character that deserves to be lifted from his sphere, just as Cinderella did. (Although he is more complete) <br /> <br /> "Cinderella" is the return to Disney elements after eight years of disappearance, whether or not with the movie or movie that follows. Any of his early years, moreover, he also made things difficult for himself by choosing "Cinderella" She is a cheerful heroine and no one can do anything. (Maybe I'm wrong in this score - I've never seen "Ever After" recently). However, it's an amazing story that Disney has succeeded in bringing this story to life without trimming its spirit.
