The legendary filmmaker Walt Disney has brought three of the greatest fairy tales in the world. They are still one of the first ever popular animated films, "Snow White and The Dwarfs". His groundbreaking classic was released in 1937 and the last "Sleeping Beauty" that has been accepted. At that time it was first released in 1959. During that time, both of these fairy tales: "Cinderella" (1950) in all three films. "Cinderella" is the most faithful movie of origin. Which is different from "Snow White" that is better or worse and becomes the most obvious version of the story "Cinderella" does not follow the same path Although it has gained popularity and, like "Snow White", is responsible for the restoration of Disney fate that is diminishing. But has never been accepted by the same audience, which certainly deserves At one time, Disney was proud to choose not to interfere with the classics, rather than to elaborate and add content to the story instead of writing it on the screen. The result is charm. <br /> <br /> The combination of excellent animation. (In soft tech colors) and the perfect sound, bringing the story to life with a glow that continues to this day Eileen Woods, a radio actor, recorded a demo of a sheet of music as a souvenir to the composer Al Hoffman, Mac David and Jerry Livingston. When Disney heard them, he knew he had found Cinderella. And of course he has Woods interpreted the sincerity of "The dream is your desire to make the heart", "So this is love" and "Oh Sing Sweet Nightingale" is perfect. Eleanor Adilly, who will continue in "Malay Beauty" Maleficent specializes in capturing the cruelty of the stepmother, while Rhoda Williams and Lucille Bliss are nasty escorts. Luis Van Rooten can be admired as both King and Grand Duke and James Macdonald is The love of both Jaq and Gus, who is a dedicated rat of Cinderella William Phipps, has little dialogue as a prince. (Future talk show host Mike Douglas gave his voice) But the movie veteran (and Disney), Verna Felton, was born to play a fairy tale. "Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo") Her performance <br /> <br /> Among the artists responsible for the movie's "Luke" is Mary Blair, who was inspired by the use of color. Highly appreciated by Disney Her elegant French background greatly enhances the quality of the movie. But the most important of all is the convincing character, from Cinderella to Lucifer, the delicious evil cat of the stepmother. They bring both life and vitality to stories that are often told, which is very difficult to create in animated movies. <br /> <br /> Together with the 55th anniversary of the film this (And not a coincidence, the upcoming holiday season) "Cinderella" recently released on a special edition DVD It never looks better. The film that has been completely restored must be adequately appreciated. It will say that it looks fantastic. There is an enhanced stereo soundtrack and good music service. Special DVDs, which are currently the standard Disney Platinum Editions, are too many to list here. But normally, some programs are sent to children and some are used by adults and others, but the real fans will want to get a Gift Deluxe because they are equipped with real cells from eight movies and sketches. Including a 160-page hardcover book, which not only includes the most of the content found in this book, 1995, a special edition home video release But there are many more as well As usual for Disney, "Cinderella" will be available for a limited time only. So, like me, you are the lover of "Cinderella". Take it now! This edition is a "true dream"
