While the difficult detective stories of Dashiell Hammett and Raymond Chandler have installed cinemas like foxes in the henhouse - of course, creating a modern American style and decisive style in the process - what might be called the Golden Age novel makes it almost impossible. Not Any impression, problems with books such as Agatha Christie, Dorothy L. Sayers or SS Van Dine (which is the film's work) is that they have little action or variety while Sam Spade or Philip Marlowe explores. The streets of LA, the working class, commercial buildings, bars, offices, wealthy mansions and exciting and violent encounters, golden age novels are often resolved in the murder scene, generally as crazy. In the elegant countryside Clues and interviews with suspects This is a very constant step. The plot is reduced to a mystery. <br /> <br /> Of course, this story is as much ideological as anything else. The story of the golden age associated with a society that is hostile to change. And movement The boiling novel records the reality of the city increasingly moving away from the center. (Both the authority and the city) divide themselves into camps that are unfriendly and uncontrollable and legal. Another important issue of the Golden Age novel is the character - since we cannot know the answer to the crime until now, we cannot access the character's motives or emotions. The detective is different from the personal eyes that worry about prejudice and riding there to be smart and maybe a little unusual. <br /> <br /> The problem with most movies from the Golden Age books is that they try to Is the time Merchant Ivory / Jane Austen school activities and ultimately, stupid, successful, such as the intense rework of Ellery Queen and others by Claude Chabrol in the English-speaking world. There are only two. The Alistair Sim classic 'Green For Danger' works because it pushes almost parody forms while never betraying the integrity or interest of mystery. <br /> <br /> Before that, Michael Curtiz 'The Kennel Murder was excellent. 'Case'. As the pure gold There is a nasty character introduction which causes the number of suspects that may be the reason for killing him. He was killed correctly in a misunderstood manner, showing suicide in a locked room. The police hoped the car crashed without hope for the victim. It is based on Philo Vance, a gentleman and amateur detective, whether old or obese, to read the clues intelligently, open the case from the boundaries of the room, and ultimately unlock the case to be less than an excuse for Intellectual Awakening <br /> <br /> The interesting thing is not the detective plot - which is not as satisfying as all the solutions are - although it is less entertaining and full of amusing business. There is not even an attempt to 'overthrow' the perfect detective image - there is a terrifying scene in which the brutal sergeant threatens the suspect without a protest from Vance. But it's about this. <br /> <br /> The 'Kennel' sign in classic style is modern. Curtis is not considered a great writer because he does not have a consistent theme or evidence of artistic development. But he is Hollywood's greatest craftsman and he is in an exciting form here. If the Golden Age detective story is just a mystery, Curtiz uses this idea as a radical logic, creating abstract changes in his source, reducing storytelling, characters and locations with geometry, sets of lines from beautiful Art Deco sets. for The glorious camera movements that break from the constant elements and while they are fiercely estranged, shaking the living decor to life. <br /> <br /> This treatment is suitable for stories that reject the truth. Absolutely The pattern that transforms the detective plot into a mirrored hall like two middlemen or the original crime borrowed from books. Unresolved 'mystery puzzle' The fantasy world of the rich, nasty, who gathered the East relics (the shadow of 'The Moonstone'?). Chinese servants who could not refute the former butler who distracted former dogs who love dogs and police. Perfect for Vance Place a cruise to Europe with a hunch that knows the world of these people and still But lose interest in crime and association with the police, or if he is nothing more than an idea Powell, the greatest American comedian of the decade, dared to brave his strange humanity. <br /> <br /> But if the treatment is the most difficult, Climax Was extremely cruel Police and detectives who are supposed to prevent crimes are guilty of inciting
