There are some movies that every horror fan owes himself. (Or herself) to watch and Emilio Miragia's "La Dama Rossa Uccide Sette Volte" aka "The Red Queen Killed Seven Times" (1972) is one of them, of course, with Gialli and Gothic Tales as My favorite subcategory in Horror. I am looking forward to watching this movie for a while, although my expectations are high. But this masterpiece exceeds my biggest hope Giallo, the previous version of Miraglia "The Night Evelyn Came Out of the Grave" (1971) is a creepy and highly atmospheric film that has been successful in mixing. Giallo and Gothic Horror, but not immediately comparable to personal favorite movies "The Red Queen killed seven times" is one of Italy's most unique and famous horror movies, and no one loves this genre to think of it. Giallo is fascinating and amazing with a strong Gothic element. "The Red Queen" delivers everything we hope to receive in the subcategory: an incredibly creative and interesting plot. Spending a chilling spine And truly creepy atmosphere. Stylish assassination colors, excellent scores and no less than a beautiful female lead actress by Barbara Buchet, breathtakingly beautiful - this movie is one of the most wonderful combinations of elegance. Beauty and pure terror <br /> <br /> This film begins incredibly in the beautiful Gothic castle in Germany. As a little girl, Kitty Wildenbrück and her sister Evelyn fight when their grandfather tells the story behind the incredible unbelievable drawing: the legend says that Red Lady is cruel to the castle. Every hundred years and killed seven people Fourteen years later, Kitty (Barbara Bushet) has become a successful fashion photographer. Suddenly, people began to be killed ... Director Miraglia proved his amazing talent in style, atmosphere and colorful horror with "The Night Evelyn Came Out of the Grave" and he used the elements. "The Red Queen kills seven times" is a true celebration for the eyes and is one of Italy's most famous horror films, both in the picture and the plot. The haunting paintings in the grandfather's castle only make the audience creepy. The Lady Lady (or the Red Queen in English) is the most brutal content ever in Giallo. The gruesome laughter of the spine that the murder came <br /> <br /> The sexy actress is always appreciated, especially in Giallo and this chapter is a good example for that. Barbara Bushet is charming. (One of my favorite actresses) must be one of the most beautiful women that ever appeared on the screen and she is also an excellent actor The appearance of Bouchet caused many Italian flicks, including performances in the best films in Italy's 70s film for a period of one year (1972): Fernando di "Milano Calibro 9". Leo "Giallo-stressed" Do not torture ducklings "And this is an unforgettable gem. In addition to the wonderful Miss Bouchet, the best actress of this film also includes Sybil Danning, the sexy girl Marina Malfatti (" The Night Evelyn Came Out of the Grave ") and beauty. Others who are not afraid to bare the camera. <br /> <br /> The murder is stylish and luxurious. But scary and disgusting, and some things are scary Bruno Nicolai's appealing score is as memorable as it gets and makes the creepy atmosphere of the film even more interesting. The plot is complex, complex and filled with red fish. The level of tension increases every minute. "The Red Queen ..." began to be creepy and it remained beautiful until the last moment. Overall, this is one of the movies that I can't find enough praise. "The Red Queen killed seven times" is the best masterpiece of Gialli's best ever, and is the most important thing for every horror fan and / or the Italian movie 10/10.
