Michael Curtiz directed a very stylish investigation in 1930 from the compositions of Robert Presnell Sr., Robert N. Lee and Peter Mine. "Dog Murder Case" Perhaps from the perspective of the best writer of mystery Philo Vance by S.S. Van Dine Vance is a long-time intelligent detective and his character assigned by William Powell may mean that Warner Brothers executives are aware of the possibility that Fortunately, they were assigned to William Powell, gentle with the first character; Later, he was played by Basil Rathbone, Warren Williams and Paul Lucas before being sent to the "B" status. Other questions, like the Warner Brothers executive, were The reason they chose Vance as a character; Their preference is to choose someone who works outside the law without clear distinction between the evil killer and the champion of personal rights to all visitors. This movie has a nasty villain that has been killed and a place that is extremely challenging within the apartment complex. The character is perceived abnormally as unpredictable, good direction and unusually fast. And except for the dark B / W look, the movie will avoid comedy, extravagant characters and irrelevant conversations of many early detective programs. Jack Okey works in a good direction. Berhard Kaun's music is useful. Guy William Reese produces most movies in the building. In an interesting selection of actors, Powell was Philo Vance in his era, most of whom were very sober and had a little sense of humor here and elsewhere. Eugene Palette played better than usual as a police alliance, admiring him. Vance with his professional time The other performer who had the best out of it was Paul Cavangh, a handsome and very powerful, as well as what was written in the red herring. Mary Astor is charming, but at this point in her career She spoke a little too fast to be as effective as she later proved. In the selection, there are Helen Vinson as the villain Jack La Rue, Ralph Morgan (better known as Frank Morgan's brother), Robert Barrat as all the villains causing the murder of Archer Coe and Frank Conroy in As his brother, Robert McWade, is DA; Etiienne Girardot, the quirky and funny, has a witty part of being a funny little forensic doctor into the crime scene James Lee is an excellent and clever Chinese servant. The story is divided into four parts. The first time there was a shad in a dog show at Vance, Coe and Cavanagh. All Terrier West Highland performances were performed. Cavanagh's dog was killed by Coe to prevent him from winning the position above his list. Own The second part of the scene involves the leave; Someone was confused enough to go after the parts of Coe from his girl friend, Vinson, to kill his good brother inadvertently into Vance to see who made the Archer Coe in the locked room. And how with the Palette, the problem of romance being stretched out. Chinese servants were disputed. We found out who destroyed an expensive vase that would marry someone. Why did Archer Coe do it and the butler didn't do it - but Others who have The excuse that this is not a mystery, a little better than Curtiz directed by Hungarian craftsmen who was born in earnest. He quickly used the wipes to cut, change the camera angle and switch between cameras that were straightforward and courageous to achieve diversity, interest and a sustainable pace Many writers, critics and experts, including myself, consider this to be the best of the Vance project, although others can also evaluate.
