"Markham" Philo Vance (William Powell), a gentleman solving urbane crimes, said to a district attorney. "I grew more and more from the belief that Archer Coe was killed in this room. That poker, Kris Kris, is now a piece ... It's all here." "But Vance," Markham said. To tell me if the dead were walking up the stairs. "" I didn't try to tell you anything other than facts, "Vance said." This is the most amazing case in my experience. "<br /> <br /> We sympathize Archer Koye, a wealthy, arrogant person, disliked everyone who knew him, was found falling into a chair in his bedroom, a pistol in his hand and a bullet struck his head. But wait. Further examination shows that Coe was heavily affected by the blunt instrument that caused his skull to crack. Then there was a dagger that wound on his back. The complex matter is that the doors and windows of Coe's bedroom are locked from the inside. Coe has no suicide. This is a murder. But how can the killer escape? What is the specific motivation because there are many suspects? And why Coe's brother, Coe, was found dead in the closet downstairs. <br /> <br /> The 73-year-old Kennel murder case still gives a stylish look in the classic investigation. In the old locked room The thing that makes it work well first is that the mystery is complex and intelligent. But still has reason The second is the confident performance of William Powell. His work as Philo Vance is a practice for his great performance as Nick Charles. Few things escape Vance. He uses his wisdom to combine things together. He was a good friend. Powell was a star in the Twenties and continued moving in status and popularity when the talker came in. His ingenuity, style and complexity make him one of the most contemporary actors from the past. <br /> <br /> It is also a pleasure to see a few great faces. Mary Astor As Hilda Lake, which is Coe's young and unhappy young ward Paul Cavanah plays Brit, hovering around Hilda; Helen Vinson and her hot and selfish (See her doing what she did in the Vogues of 1938); Etienne Giraudot, a small elderly man as Dr. Doremus, who worked as an autopsy and medical examiner, took him out of his meal and Ralph Morgan. As Archer Coe's personal secretary, this film has a lot of middle-aged men who are not fat because they can easily wear suits that are tailored in English. The most important thing is Eugene Palette, with his noble belly and gravel sound as a detective. Detective Heath Sergeant Heather and Vance are known people who have known for a long time.
