The beautiful image of Gregory Peck from Douglas MacArthur from the Battle of Corregidor in the Philippines during the beginning of the Pacific War, mainly until his withdrawal as UN commander during the Korean War. There are three reasons to believe. Of course, the most controversial American generals of World War II. (And possibly) MacArthur was presented here as a very conflicting person He claimed that the northern soldiers longed for all peace. But apparently he was happy in the war He consistently rejected political ambitions. But almost everything he did was used to promote himself as a presidential candidate. He apparently believed that the soldiers under his command had to follow his orders with the letter. But he himself deliberately challenged orders from the President of the United States; He expressed great respect for other cultures (especially in the Philippines and Japan) and has not yet contacted his country. All of these things are balanced throughout this movie and eventually the audience is left to conclude his or her conclusions about that man, even if no one suspects that MacArthur is sincere and loves his country enthusiastically. He devoted his life to <br /> <br /> Pec's performance is, as I said, excellent about the issues that others in this film obscure the truth. (Which may be appropriate), with the exception of the possibility of Ed Flanders me even though he offered to look at the interest of Harry Truman and his attitude towards the Mc Arthur: mordant (mean. MacArthur repeated that "King") angry, frustrated and disgusted. Marj Dusay is also loved as Jean MacArhur's wife, who is dedicated to her husband. (Which she calls "General", although their relationship seems to be happy enough) I enjoy this movie even though I might like To learn a little more about MacArthur's childhood, I always laughed at MacArthur's reaction to being elected president. ("He will be a good president - he is the best clerk I have ever had" - which seems to summarize what MacArthur thinks the role of the president should be especially His military commander during the war) is worth watching 8/10.
