It is worth noting that my mine is just a third review of this film, while `Patton- Lust for Glory ', the previous biographer of Frank McCarthy, about a controversial American general from World War II. second I was intrigued by why one movie should get more attention than other movies. <br /> <br /> One difference between the two movies is `Patton 'is more important. In a short period and immediately after the end of World War II, while "MacArthur" not only covers this war only But also the role of the title in the Korean War, as well as his time as an American guardian. <br /> <br /> However, the main difference lies in the way the players of both leaders Gregory Peck occupy this movie. George C. Scott, who possessed 'Patton' while Scott had another important star, Carl Malden played with him as General Bradley. There were no other actors in `MacArthur. Thur 'is the household name, at least for their film work. Of course, Scott showed that Patton was an aggressive and hot man who sometimes waged war with the rest of the human race, not just against the enemy. I suspect that in real life, General MacArthur was like a volcano, each one as Patton. But that's not the way he appeared in this film. Peck's MacArthur had more thoughtful and reflective thoughts compared to the liberal intellectuals that he performed in his other films. Sometimes he seems to be the remaining political person. Most of his speeches on the occasion of Japan's surrender in 1945 may have been written by CND's paid members and his policies on Japanese social reforms during the American occupation have gotten semi-socialist for them. In an attempt to show MacArthur's gift for an inspiring leader, Peck made him a good speaker. But his speech seemed to owe more to the tactics of the rhetoric that had more experience than the fire in the heart, as if Atticus Finch from `To Kill a Mockingbird 'had wore the General's uniform. Scott tries to be 'Patton's wart and drawing. Trying to dispel less attractive features of the model. I think this criticism is fair, especially during the Korean War. This film gives the impression that MacArthur is a brave general who will stand against politicians who do not know about the military, who do not know how to fight the war and be fired for pain when victory is in his hand. Of course, many historians feel that Truman was forced to expel MacArthur because the behavior of the latter became a risk to world peace and there was no other option but to accept the stalemate. Will not allow Chinese partners Even during the Korean scene, Peck's MacArthur met with ideal ideals rather than his original manuscript. We saw a little rash and innocence about political matters. (Truman's words `He knows politics as much as a pig who knows about Sunday. 'Was talking about Eisenhower But it works well with MacArthur's approach to international negotiations. Sometimes, the movie's efforts to drain Macart's warts sometimes reflect the time it takes to do it. By the end of the seventh decade after suffering from Vietnam and Watergate was a difficult time for America and people looking for certification might be greeted bravely by the brave depiction of Soldiers in the previous era Another criticism that I will do in this movie is that it is between two feces. If it was intended to be a complete biography of MacArthur, what should have been shown to his childhood, which was not covered (The first thing we saw from the generals was when he was leading the fight against America in the invasion of the Philippines of the Philippines). One of the themes that worked throughout the story was the influence of General MacArthur's father. Military hero I want to see what Arthur MacArthur is like and why his son thinks he's a hero and a good model. Another interesting way to create this film is to focus on Korea and the MacArthur and Truman clash with the outstanding qualities given to both men and actors with similar shapes. The way the film actually made me seem to be less interesting than these other methods. <br /> <br /> It's wrong, however, to make an impression that I don't like this movie completely. Although I may not agree with Pec's interpretation of the main role. But did not deny that he played with his professionalism and normal seriousness The overall film is a good example of a solid and creative biography and information. It's a good movie 7/10. <br /> <br /> On the pedantic map, the map that MacArthur shows will be used during the Korean War, showing the DMZ, which is the boundary between two Korean states that didn't exist until after the war. (The boundary before the war is the 38th parallel) In addition, I think MacArthur refers to `tocsin 'of war. The war may be poisonous. But it is hard to listen to the ears that crave for toxins
