The impact of work-related stress and pressure caused by the moral dilemma that makes the conscience conscious of the obligations of the family business. (Although it is not like anyone else) all lead to being a leader - or may be a catalyst Explore in the dark and fascinating drama `Panic 'written and directed by Henry Bromell and starring William H. Macy and Donald Sutherland. It tells of unsure ways and rejection can bring internal conflict and suffering. Finally difficult, which eventually leads to apathy and moments of truth when the conflict must be resolved. <br /> <br /> Alex (Macy) is tired. He has a wife who loves Mar. Tha (Tracy Ulman) Six-year-old son Sammy (David Dorfman) The mail order business he ran from home, including his main source of income, his family`s business with his father, Michael. (Sutherland) and his mother Deidre (Barbara Ben) but he is empty Many years ago, this particular trade made him dazed and separated, causing him to be in a mental state that pushed him to meet a psychologist. Josh Park (John Ritter) and to make matters worse (Or maybe better depending on the view) in the waiting room of Dr. Park, he met the woman Sarah Cassidy. (Neve Campbell) The presence alone makes him feel alive for the first time since he can remember. She quickly became a new brick in the moral conflict wall. His work came to visit him like In the days after the meeting, they couldn't stop thinking about her. It seems that his whole life has become a "situation" - which seems to him that he cannot completely eliminate the person he loves. He can deny his age and the fact that he actually has a real middle-aged crisis. But he is about to discover that the problems he faces are not going to disappear He was at the intersection and he had to decide where to go. And he will have to do it soon. <br /> <br /> From a truly interesting concept, Bromell has designed a study of interesting and resolute characters, and he presents it as a way to help. The moment of reflection that helps the audience understand and understand what Alex is experiencing. He made it clear that there was no simple answer that in real life there was no easy solution. His character is clear and true, showing the diversity found in life, and moreover, within the family unit provided. This film clearly shows that the father's sin has been passed on to the offspring. When you grow, you accept your personal environment as being of the world as a whole. And often it has been for many years that people may begin to realize and understand that there is a true moral variable created by everyone who walks on the planet and the person whom Father has set may not be conducive to the son's principles And at that point, Alex found himself a story that spread out Erko, a crisis in middle age or more specific, is a conscientious crisis that he cannot escape. It is a powerful, brief and delicate message by Bromell with the help of outstanding performances from his actors. <br /> <br /> Sometimes, William H. Macy is one of the actors around the character. Premiere in business Create various characters such as Quiz Kid Donnie Smith in 'Magnolia,' The Shoveler on 'Mystery Men' and Jerry Lundegaard in `Fargo '. This is just an example of his many achievements. At one point in the movie, Sarah talks about Alex's sad eyes and it's an interesting comment because the strength of Macy's performance is here. His ability to convey True true emotions The inner turmoil that he is experiencing Considering the scene in which he was sleeping in bed, looking at the darkness At one point during the unrest, it was clear that he was fighting not only But only with his current situation But still has everything in his life that eventually brought him to this point In that scene, you will find that life that is guilty, confusing and all uncertainty that has been successfully suppressed to date; Everything that is the essence of Alex's life now gradually penetrates his defense mechanisms and eventually emerges, demanding confrontation and problem solving. It is a complex character created and delivered by Macy with perfect precision that makes Alex truly memorable. It is a character that everyone who has faced a situation that seems to be unable to negotiate. It's a great job by one of the best performers around. <br /> <br /> Sutherland is also very effective. Michael's terrifying horror in the way it is cold. In fact, it's scary to consider that people like this really walk on earth. This is not a story about a villain or a James Bond type of villain. But being the true identity of evil, hiding outside the outside, which is normal for him to be beside him, which makes everyone more confused and Sutherland makes everything alive by acting <br /> <br /> Neve Camp looks part of Sarah. But her performance (Like a normal case with her) seems to be quite exaggerated Here just happened to fit the character and actually is a good aspect of this film. If only she would change her inner energy from time to time, it would make a huge difference in the way she presented. Her character, however, 'Panic' is one of her best efforts. A powerful movie that is ultimately a worthwhile journey. 9/10 <br /> <br />
