Last Christmas, I was very fortunate to receive one of the 1200 Ultimate Bourne boxed boxes from my Better Half but didn't watch the last episode of the trilogy until yesterday. Considering the last trilogy that reached the finish line, instead of stepping through the victory, I was quite careful to approach "The Bourne Ultimatum" but I shouldn't worry. Electric action scenes and brutal fighting scenes are easily combined with intelligent stories to be one of the best action movies I can remember when I saw and ended up with a great series. <br /> <br /> Jason Bourne Matt Damon) came back again after a clear leak about Operation Blackbriar - a new program that uses an old Treadstone project, Simon Ross reporter (Paddy Considine) at Guardian. Will reveal About half of the past he remembered, Bond took up the path again, but others in the CIA, including Deputy Director Noah Wauser (David Strathten) ) Finally, Bond will find the answer he is looking for, or will his former employer be quiet? <br /> <br /> Personally, I was a bit disappointed with "The Bourne Supremacy" because it represents the reality of the trademark of the action scene and focuses on the appropriate spy movies. Didn't say that it was completely lost But compared to the excellent "Bourne Identity", it looks like a spy novel that burns more slowly than is a thrilling action. Don't worry about it here - every time a car crashes, punches, kicks and fires can be heard and felt with delight in the internal organs. But fortunately, it still keeps an intelligent and remarkable spy story in mind In addition, it linked together two previous films in a great way, creating a bookend that is appropriate for the trilogy when things are described and expanded to the fullest. The performance almost without error, even Julia Styles began offering anything more than a bookworm eye candy. The only true thing is that this movie, like Bond's other films, is not really related to the original novel. But if you are a dead Ludum fan, this is not the real reason not to like this kind of movie. <br /> <br /> There is nothing more pleasing to me than a movie that takes me by surprise, and despite the fear, "The Bourne Ultimtum" is a film full of bone action. That's just enough to satisfy the meat-head as well as the plot that never threatens to leave your attention in a single minute Even in the final round, you are not sure that you will be happy at the end. But whether you are a big fan of the series or not (And if not, do you want more?) This is one movie that you should follow Down as soon as possible It is not surprising that this series forced Bond film makers to leave forty years of film history to start again. Bourne was a modern spy hero and created a Bond movie recently, similar to Austin Powers in Comparison until "Casino Royale" gives Bond a series to reboot. It is absolutely necessary. Missing the movie Jason Bourne is a crime that should be worth doing and receiving a DVD. Not the Ultimate Bourne Collection - Limited Edition. I'm afraid!
