I think Rachel's is great as "Lucy". I have seen her in "Kiss Me, Kate" and "Victor / Victoria" as well, and in each performance, she has developed a different character. Very different She is a chameleon that can play. (And sing) anything. <br /> <br /> I'm very surprised that there are many negative reviews appearing here about Rachel's performance in "Lucy", even television and entertainment critics. For entertainment, some people still do not get the attention. Many people pay attention to the fact that Rachel isn't really like Lucy. My answer is "What?" I'm not looking for a superficial imitation of Lucy. I want to know more about real women behind the clown. And Rachel told us deeply that I don't want to see someone just "doing" the classic Lucy routines. So I am very pleased with the decision of the producer and director for Rachel to draw Pluto in rehearsal to commemorate the most memorable death - Vitameatavegamin and The Candy Factory (It seems that the inspectors Some examiners do not know that both scenes are meant to be practiced in a sequence, not a real game.) I think this method is a novel way of sketching many of us know by heart. I still think Rachel is fresh and funny in these scenes. And she nailed the newly created routine, especially the professors and grapes, especially There was a moment in the grape scene at the corner of Rachel's mouth, with a slight upward condition that I remember Lucy had. I don't want to believe that you can capture that and be natural. <br /> <br /> I wonder if many people who criticize the show expect to see Lucille Ball of "I Love Lucy "throughout the entire movie In the end, those of us who knew her through TV would have no idea what Lucy was like in the early years of the movie. I think Rachel showed a natural progression in the great character. She planted all the right seeds so we saw the clowns waiting to emerge from the right situation. Lucy is not consistent with the old studio system. In an attempt to disappoint her to become a stereotypical movie star of that time, she continued to tolerate what would prove to be her best gift. <br /> <br /> I believe that Shelley plays funny pictures Passion, love, ambition, loyalty, sexy, self-absorption, childhood and stoicism all come together as a complex American icon. And she did it with the correctness and freshness that is truly loved. "Lucy" is a star of Rachel York. I hope it brings a great role in the future. I hope it will make her a producer.
