When Bond's credentials arrived five years ago, I had to admit that I didn't think much. At that time I was eleven years old, maybe I was too young to get into the story and understand the whole situation. Two years ago, when the Bourne Supremacy arrived, I thought it was a better movie than Identity, but still didn't think it was as good as I expected. In the last two years I have been told many times that the Bourne movie is amazing. Many times I have to bite the tongue and not say what I think about the movie. Until two months ago I couldn't give a damn about the Bourne Ultimatum. I didn't intend to watch it. But I decided to go back and see the first two again before I decided immediately. So I went out to buy both original movies. And what surprised me was when I was caught by them Identity I found superior to both, but Supremacy is not far away. They were both slippery, action scenes and exciting movies that I watched many times since I bought them. For this reason, I took the first line today to see the Bourne Ultimatum and the Bourne Ultimatum boy. Don't disappoint! <br /> <br /> Matt Damon has never been one of my favorite actors until he appeared in the Bond movie. I've seen him in the talented Ripley movie. But I never miss him so much However, it seems that he was born to play Bond (forgive Pun). Throughout this series, we saw the character changes before our eyes. In this film, we saw Matt Damon at his best. Than he was in The Departed and I think he is one of the best things in The Departed. You will find yourself taking care of the characters and hoping that he will find everything. Matt Damon plays with quietness and you will find his character very reliable. The actor who supported this film was also outstanding. Joan Allen was one of my favorite things in the Bourne Supremacy. Here, she has excellence. Her character is very convincing and she has a great time at the end of the movie. Julia Stiles appears again as Nicky and we finally learn about her character. Julia Stiles is an actor. With a humble role and I think she deserves more roles. The better role she gets, David Strathairn is a new player in this series by Noah Vosen. He is a bad guy in this movie. And he's very good He is the most disgusting character we have ever encountered, and some decisions he made are really disgusting. Strathairn enjoys the role and he has a great scene in the movie as well. A special mention must go to Albert Finney, who spends most of his time on the short screen. I won't say anything about the most surprising characters. But believe me that his scene is the highlight of the movie. <br /> <br /> Bourne movies always focus on the story rather than the action scenes. This is not to say that the ending has no action scenes. There is no good story in many movies. But working throughout the movie is a well-written and effective story. This story is summarized in the best way possible in this movie. When I watched the Supremacy the night before, I saw the Ultimatum. It's good because I can notice some little, big scenes. More important than I imagined at that time Will not spoil for people But I recommend checking the Supremacy before you see the Ultimatum. Unfortunately for many people, they are going to look at Ultimatum purely because of the action sequence. This is where I should condemn these people and say they should see it for the story. But I'm going to lie if I don't say that the favorite part of the overall Bourne dress is a car chase. The pursuit of the mini car in the Identity is one of the car chases that I like forever. The action in the Ultimatum must be the best in the Bourne series. In fact, this movie begins with action scenes in Moscow Therefore, during the time of the film that we have received a lot of punches, violence and brutal shocking. An amazing bike chase, many foot chases that are even more amazing than the exciting car chases that have been forgotten and many more! But the highlight for me must be the scene in the station. Waterloo will not destroy it. But for some reason I caught <br /> <br /> so any bugs for the movie? In my eyes not But if you are not a fan of the Bourne series or have never seen two people before, I will not recommend Ultimatum to you. This movie does not try to win new fans because it adheres to what Fran Cheers do the best and just add a little more storyline and action scenes. The Bourne Ultimatum is the best of the series and the best blockbuster of 2007 as a James Bond fan. Statistics say that I strongly Ultimatum is better than most Bond films, and I believe in it. So much for me to say Although Bond, in general, might not have received a better franchise than the Bond series. But it is almost the same
