I have never been a shy person to say that most action movies didn't do anything for me. Most of the time, they are blatant vehicles that will blow things out, show off sexy models and throw out the appearance of reality or intelligence out the window. As mentioned above, the Bourne series is great. Doug Liman leads in a new action using a more verite film style, showing full combat and making our super spy people we can relate to emotions like humans. This is not the absurdity of the sci-fi that is Bond. (Before they were to be lifted in the form of this series, no less than that) There are many things to worry about when the Bourne Supremacy comes out when director Paul Greengrass possesses what may be a copy of the second-hand manuscript that has been Improved with style and flair The stakes were raised and the story was improved because of it. Greengrass had to get a certain amount of credit to be able to follow the latest appearance of The Bourne Ultimatum in what is an amazing conclusion for an elite trilogy The action was brought to a new level and the story and the show never been destroyed. <br /> <br /> Once again, Bond was brought into the mind of the CIA by False pretense There were people leaking information about upgrading the Treadstone called Blackbriar, and when Bond was set up, trying to talk to a new newsreader that destroyed the story. Finding him in Supremacy knows that he can't be one. Bond's aspirations are often away from the government and live a peaceful life. It's a CIA that takes him back to the open space to destroy them. What happened was that Bond wanted to know the source and ultimately searched for who he was and what made him a murderer. Then the movie will become a movie that chases through time to find the source and see if the government can close the loopholes and bind all the loose ends or if Bond can take revenge on those who use his life from him. <br /> In what might be the simplest story of the series, with only one chase that ended the whole story, it might be the biggest character in the story. The dramatic turn of loyalty and to expose the corruption behind. Full story progress This is not damage. In any way, because it helps to fight more and chase a full-functioning car in the plot This movie admission fee is only worth fighting for the apartment between Bourne and CIA's second property. The chase of jumping through the windows in Madrid is cool. But when they finally met, we had ten minutes or more in an invigorating fight, like watching any scene you saw. Also, instead of using a large chase car as a climatic scene, like in the first two movies We were competing on three small, violent roads. But it turned out to be enough to not repeat that action.> <br /> After five years of waiting, we discovered the source of the surgery that we favored with our hearts and feelings. At the end of this movie, we will find out what is the cause of espionage and destruction that occurred around him. No one can do better than Matt Damon. He has a body and attitude to believe in action scenes. But it was a time to draw a moment of intelligence and interaction with cats and mice with people who were against him. Joan Allen reimbursed her role with the amount of money devoted to her work. But there is still more disagreement for what happened around her after Brian Cox's character from the first two movies came into his own hands. Needing that role, we have been changed from David Strathair as well as Cox. He works at the top of the food chain and doesn't answer anyone when making decisions. With a lot of effort to conceal any connection with the Blackbriar program leader. As he tries to do his duty to his country, you can't measure what he can do. Even the little ones did amazing work, such as Paddy Considine as a journalist who started the leak at the center of everything Albert Finney as a man from Bond's past and could be the key to his origins. And Edgar Ramirez to bring Bond away Ramirez is a great addition to the role played by the success of Clive Owen (himself), Carl Erben and Martin Socasco (Supremacy). Say a lot But he has the look and performance of a dab robot and hopes to play a greater role in showing that he can do good things in Domino. <br /> <br /> In the end we Must applaud Paul Greengrass to continue to exceed expectations and bring this series to the conclusion that continues the success of previous generations instead of destroying them His ability in the mobile look closely is amazing and has the same kinetic energy as Tony Scott. But without persuasion Instead of feeling that it is too much work, using his mobile phone increases the environment and leads you to direct action. We also give Oliver Wood credit for filming all three Bourne movies. He can work with both directors and work in his style to get along well with them.
