This is an attempt to do the same thing as "Batman" that is made with. "Gilligan Island" in "Surviving Gilligan Island" for those who miss (And shame!) "Surviving Gilligan's Island" (Full name: "Surviving Gilligan's Island: The Unbelievable True Story of the Longest Three-Hour Tour in History") is special from a few years ago. Denver ("Gilligan"), Dawn Wells ("Mary Ann") and Russell Johnson ("Professor") related to the story of creating a list of canceled discoveries & spirits. On the way, stories are shown with actors who represent the actors and the original team. It did very well It is funny, handsome, funny, and comes as a real document of the show. <br /> <br /> "Back to the Batcave: Adam and Burt's Deception" is in a similar style. The narrative of the history of acting, acting, and repeating the general feeling is the same The missing thing is the straightforward method that "Surviving" takes. <br /> <br /> In "Return" Adam West and Bert Ward both received an invitation. Join the car show that they didn't intend to invite. After being allowed to stay, Adam and Bert witness the theft of the heart of the show: the legendary Batmobile! Adam and Bert decided to pursue themselves, leading them through the clues that made them think about the history of the program. This eventually led to the revelation that anyone stole the Batmobile and why <br /> <br /> choosing to use this idea (actually having a plan) is the greatest thing of this program, unlike " Surviving "," Return "forces viewers to follow a less interesting story (Batmobile theft) instead of focusing on what the audience is most interested in. (History of the list) The historical part that works best. The casting (in "Surviving") is great. Jack Brewer ("Adam West") and Jason Marsden ("Burt Ward") attract the actors' feelings without looking like them. * Brett Rickaby (" Frank Gorshin ") is more similar to his story But did not capture the charm of the late Gorshin, but only his character The image of other actors is short and works well with no one special or bad. Many stories have been told before. But most of them play fun with occasional clunky presentations only Another great bit from the history section is the use of the visual selection of the experiment Lyle Wagoner for the part of Batman. The only place where past events fail is when they put clear points to develop the main story. This is to reduce the level of accuracy of unnecessary events. <br /> <br /> "The main plot" (if that's what we have to call it) is definitely laughing. This is not a mistake in itself. But it didn't do well enough to cover the scarcity Strong performances and good writing can compensate for stupidity. (Especially in these things) but we do not understand at all The West and Ward performances are quite flat. (For them); The dialog box that is written too carefully makes it feel natural. Again, I think the comparison with "Surviving Gilligan's Island" can be seen in the dialogue, mostly just to set back in "Surviving". That is all that is intended to be in "Return" will try to do double duty. Unfortunately, often failing, Gorshin and Newmar do well (although I agree with others that Gorshin is not good, and Newmar has - and Wagoner is doing that to look good?) But not enough. will do Again, I think they will all get better service by offering a more straightforward presentation than selected here. <br /> <br /> Another strange issue about "special return". This is about the TV series "Batman" and its history. But all the clips shown from the drama movies, even the images of Wagoner, are technical movies. If you know you are "Bat-history" You will know that this movie has plans to build first. But it will be delayed due to the TV program when CBS must fill the time quickly. So when Wagoner and the West are testing this chapter, it's about movies, not TV shows. May be about rights issues But it is a distraction to the knowledgeer: see Julie Newmar today But just a picture of Lee Meriwether as a catwoman in the past. <br /> <br /> Overall, I like acting mainly for events. I like the style used in "Surviving Gilligan's Island", but I can understand why they want more stories that focus on the subject. In addition, I like these people. It's good to see them go outside and still enjoy one of the great entertainment history. I just hope they do a little better and when the original actors are still alive.
