I didn't like many TV shows posted in 1990, but that shows that the 70S is great. I never saw it at the beginning when I thought it was a gimmick. I was wrong! I started watching the screenings again and the more I watched, the more I liked! Now is the only item that was first released after the 1990s that I watched regularly. <br /> <br /> Although the 70S shows mimicking the style, attitude, music and tastes of the 70s, but it's not blurry. That decade, by drowning with references and looks of the 70s, had a very humorous and annoying conversation that was delivered with confidence and confidence from the main actors who overcame the ancient 70s by just humor. Humor is something that can make the show to be watched forever. <br /> <br /> Although it's a hilarious sitcom, whatever the time. But the temptation of the 70's parody is something that shows identity. But it focuses on universal problems (Family problems, teen issues, marital problems, peer pressure), deal with them all with self-confidence, which makes the show attractive. <br /> <br /> The center of the program is Eric. Forman (played for the perfection of the cartoon by Future Topher Grace) Eric is a teenager that is not thin and unattractive, and still comes out cool, cool due to the character of Grace's character. Not yet quit. Eric has friends. All 5 people, Donna, Hyde, Kelso, Jackie and Fez (respectively, hilariously by Laura Prepon, Danny Masterson, Ashton Kutcher, Mila Kunis and Wilmer Valderama). We saw life in Point Place, Wisconsin through the eyes of teenagers and These 6 boys, we have a lot to see! Donna, a feminist with a progressive mind, is the target of Eric's love, and both have the main relationship of the program. They became lovers after the show began and they never became dull lovers. Most eps lists ended up with a meaningful conversation about them and their future and it worked. Is an intelligent bookend that works as a perfect counter for previous hilarity Hyde is Eric's best friend and soon moves in with Forman when his mother leaves him. Hyde is a cheerful guy, Zen, one of the coolest groups and just came back to observe and create fun for his friends with self-confidence. Kelso is one of the stupid groups and Katcher plays as a comedian and shows the most funny thoughts and stories ever! Jackie, who started out as a Kelso fan, is a self-indulgent cheerleader and is the first to be accepted only as part of Kelso's b / c group, but she manages to accept. Himself to the point that they all have to accept her! And finally Fez! Face is an exchange student from an unknown country (We never know exactly where) and he is a smuggler! "I said it was a good day!" "You are the son of b * tch!" Valderera is just focusing on the accent of foreigners here because he is not one in reality and he often Is always a character and creates one of the most outstanding characters I have ever seen During the stealing of his scenes, he often helps to make my performance. <br /> <br /> The show takes us into the thoughts and ideas of these characters all the time through interesting fantasy scenes that they want. Or imagine things. Gangs repeatedly get problems (mostly intended). They also play local jokes at Point Place players. They spend most of their time planning Eric's basement or playing along. Fighting <br /> <br /> The idea of ​​the show is that Eric's parents are terrifying, ugly and happy-loving-go-lucky Kitty (played by Kurtwood Smith and Debra Jo Rupp) These 2 adults show a very necessary adult viewpoint and continue to fight and introduce 6 ne'er do-wells. Red and Kitty are fully supported by Donna's parents, buffoonish Bob (excellent show for full action Don Stark) and Bimbo Daft blond Midge (Tanya Roberts, the sexy super sexy. In addition, for the full 3 seasons, Eric's sister from Hell Laurie (performed superbly by Farrah-Fawcett Lisa Robin Kelly) is a major relief for the fight against the Xian Anigan of the 6 'core! Kelly returned to being a guest character in the season 5 eps a few times. Unfortunately, Kelly's personal problems led to being replaced by a horrible new actor in Season 6. No end. Thank you and disappear after a few seasons of 6 eps. <br /> <br /> Sad at the end of season 7, Topher Grace (Eric) and early season 8, Ashton Kutcher (Kelso) left the show and Never recovered when Season 8 became the last time. Grace and Kutcher came back in the episode. Although the end of the show satisfactory <br /> <br /> character, supporting characters and lots of great things to live through nostalgia and humor added. Top players are Leo (played by Tommy Chong), Pastor Dave, Roy (the ultimate cartoon Jim Gaffigan), Big Rhonda, Mitch, Earl, etc. They also received the legendary Marion Ross (HAPPY DAYS) and THE MARY TYLER MOORE SHOW to play as the mother of Red and Kitty, respectively. Many famous celebrities from the 70s appeared as well from Shirley Jones. (Family partner) to Pamela Martin (NANCY DREW) to Sharon to Ted Nugent to K. It continues! <br /> <br /> With 70s homesickness and references, conversations and hilarious deliveries and nonsense jokes about the 70S SHOW is a classic TV!
