Over the years, we have seen many things that writers do when the show goes on. No matter what happens, "8 Simple Rules" will continue after John Ritter dies. First, I care about the concept of having "70's show performance" without Eric or at a level that is less than that. Kelso is ridiculous. They tried to cover it with the return of Leo and the more evil story, but it felt like why worrying when you no longer have a main character. It's not really connected. It's a lot of irrelevant things, most of which aren't funny. The previous season felt like a season too much for every character, just because Eric had spent a lot of time on the screen and now we have been cracked on the face by the way the remaining characters and repeatedly focus on The interface is not that interesting, and the character will stop working because all of that is that he will say something strange from nowhere and you can't say anything from anywhere. The second is yours. They also brought Oliver's standard cousin. This time, it's not a child. Whenever you hear someone knocking on the door, you start to pray, not Randy. Please do not let Randy. The deal with Randy is that he actually makes a terrifying joke. Usually, the red will say smiling like a donkey and causing the delivery to go out and Donna will have to sew the stitches. I think more than half of the past season is Donna pretending to be amused. The problem started earlier: what was once a truly wonderful show with an equally great concept that was not once about an incomplete family that gradually came into the land of drama. TV Everyone began to fall in love with everyone. The emotional scene was dragged out nauseous, with only a lame joke placed somewhere to divert attention that we were watching. "When the world changes" I guess this is a character development. But what is written is quite clumsy, like the moral lessons from "Family Matters" for fairness. Last, because there is also a pendant of Topher Grace (the pendant in his own performance) is very good, even if it's not a joke. <br /> <br /> Anyway, more reviews about Season 8: What is in the opening theme? They not only But using jokes twice (Characters that didn't sing) Fez was afraid of hell from me Friends, don't forget your eyes far. But the first five seasons or more among the best comedy movies ever aired
