Before seeing this, I was just expecting a copy of the simple softcopy of the "Emmanuelle" series, a copy of the starring Sylvia Christel. It's really amazing how good this one is. Actually, it has a story and it is very romantic. What makes 'Yellow Emanuelle' good is the leading heroine, beautiful and exotic. She plays as cute as Amy Wong so viewers have to feel something for her when her dreams break down around her. Amy Wong is a very respected doctor with an elegant quality. She comes from an important old family that still has an ancient tradition of practice. Emy will remain pure until she marries a man she never met. A beautiful doctor seems to be okay with this marriage. It's just the way it's done in her world. However, she did not plan to meet and fall in love with an English pilot who was in her care in the hospital where she was working. Emy decided to follow the tradition and she gave herself to her western people. But after a long courtship, Dr. Wong was just a normal woman. Her pilot George was a good person and promised to marry Amy so that she would not lose credibility and place in society. Her strict No one believes in the third person, Ilona Staller, one of those who broke their relationship through the stone game. Emy was convinced that she was left by her man that he only played games with her in order to sleep with her The place in her society disappeared. She received a debit. This film changed astoundingly and distressing when this elegant woman abandoned her career, including the sweet relationship with her caring father and allowed her to drink alcohol. I was surprised to find myself obsessed with this tragic story. I was on the edge of my seat when George blew back into the city and unknowingly walked into the hotel where his beautiful Emy worked as a prostitute! Classic drama. I imagine that many viewers are frustrated with this drama. One expects to have many sexes and nudity here, but there is not much and when there it will not totally benefit and art and softcore. If you are a big fan of Emanuel, the first with Sylvia Christel, than you always like this classic that is less known. I was especially impressed with the attention to detail. All that Emy brought George to her ancestral home on the island was very good. Her father showed that George and the audience collected impressive bonsai trees. He has all the small forests created from these amazing trees. Quite unexpected After catching it late at night, cable TV, many years ago I spent a lot of time searching the internet to copy movies. Finally, when I got it, I found that the video version is longer, more sex? There is no more melodrama. For the DVD release, there is a sub-plan about George that suddenly has an unknown disease! I prefer the cable version more I'm glad that this rare gem has finally been released on DVD. I must mention the beautiful movies and the strangely and compelling soundtrack of the 70s. While watching this, you will get the feeling that you are watching something very rare and quite special. I advise viewers who think that they don't want sex and violence to protect their interests.
