I am Curious (Yellow) (The movie near Seussical Rhyme was originally said to have two versions, yellow and blue) is one of the greatest hits in Sweden at that time. Scandal / big cause in the United States when printed once held by customs and it goes all the way to the Supreme Court. The potential in today's image is not something that may be offended by things that are revealed in sexuality or nudity - director / actor "movie" Vilgot Sjoman. Various scenes in which there are many flesh and genitals and Occasional graphic bits But often expressed more intellectual than sexual desire But the courage of pure 'metafilm' attempts at the same time creating a true statement about the state of affairs in Sweden Who knows that things in a peaceful country (Eg normal in the country and war) may be hot - politics? At least that's part of Sjoman's goal here. <br /> <br /> Like filmmakers like Dusan Makavajev and some of his works, such as WR (if not surreal and crazy) or at a low level Slightly more than Bertolucci Sjoman out to mix politics and sex (Mostly political and The social class) around it also makes it a comment that gathers characters in the movie. The two characters are Lena and Borg. There is a cool relationship in the story of the movie, where Lena is a socialist-curious-Wanabe, who shows assertiveness in a train on the road in the forest. To become one of the fully working while at the same time may be curious about the boyfriend of her car salesman And when this happens, which is enough for one movie, Sjoman inserts himself and his team from time to time as they are creating this story on film (There is even a midpoint that passes as if in a rock concert. The name of the card is filled during the break during the shoot, in the event that the crew refuses to use the credit at the end!) Then this will have all other powers because Sjoman gives the actual performance, not just "Hey, I'm the director of the director." A little bit of <br /> <br /> At first, anyone might not have received this structure and I was curious (yellow) is just the movie that Lena is Documentary interviews that ask about their ideas about the socialist class. Spain and France, and for a while, we saw Lena's father or Bjorn, but Sjoman did something interesting: the structure was as slippery as the audience had on the toes. It is impressive that many years on the image can surprise me by not being afraid to combine storytelling, drama, documentaries, movies within movies and even serious interviews with Martin Luther King. It's like a guru for Lena. It may not always be a completely political analysis. But it did not feel like cheating or even a satirical agenda, as in Godard. Sjoman's satire is similar to Godard but has all other wavelengths. His anarchist is a playful person. But not full of meaning or trick that can expel the lesser audience. <br /> <br /> If I'm curious (yellow), stand up as an intellectual organization. Sex in an attractive manner and shows how happy and seemingly comfortable it is for actors. But not completely successful, I think that is an emotional experience At Bergman, creating it in T by creating pure emotional movies and having a tendency to create Sjoman with the ability to connect with more specific ideas, while not always being very good at the time To show the big scenes, sometimes it works only for actors Lena Nyman (most exciting in the show that asks her to create an ambitious child But confused in people who are even sympathetic and weak) and Borje Ahlstedt, but some 40 years later it is hard to connect completely with everything that happens in the movie inside of Lena and Borje since (probably intended) Sjoman filling it With clichés (Borje has a girlfriend and a boy, how will he leave her? How will Lena reconcile with her father) and the hard storytelling from his new star <br /> <br /> And yet, for Any mistakes Sjoman may have a yellow color). It is considered an artistic experiment to test the waters of what can be done in a Swedish cinema or test things that cannot be done and bent for exciting and comical applications. I would say that it has a lot of influence and may be imitated or imitated in many ways because it is a cult phenomenon at that time. (Specific techniques used for movies back to the end Reflected in lower usage in funny games) and should be seen by anyone looking into making avant-garde or making a movie If it doesn't stand out as jump art like W.R. or Last Tango, it's close.
