In the future society, military elements do not need to recruit. Rather, their applicants will be selected from birth, screened from the nursery and determined to use all their lives in government services. They were given to war machines, bodies and spirits without any reason other than protecting and serving. They have no personal identity other than their names and rank and are not independent. This is the fate of those whose fate is set for them in "Soldier" directed by Paul Anderson and starring Kirk. Russell The situation was difficult and bleak when the movie began, showing the training of soldiers during the time that passed before the age of adulthood. Russell is the best sergeant, Todd, and we look at his career as he performs his role as a role model in the campaign after the campaign. He is what he was born to be a soldier. But the best thing cannot continue forever and the day comes when Todd and his friends are no longer aristocratic. The new generation of soldiers have been created products from genetics and advanced technology and the version of Todd is outdated. What followed was the story of a man who had to fight for his life while struggling to find human feelings and self-identity, a new style for a soldier who knew only two things, his whole life: Fear and discipline Russell gave his command as Todd, a soldier who, above all, had to obey orders without question while suppressing his emotions and personal thoughts. He has a few lines in this film. But Russell spoke with his eyes This role shows that he is actually one of the most admired actors in our time. His ability to completely disappear with the character of Todd is a sign of his ability and in this part he has created a different person than he had done before. And he gives Todd the depth and credibility that the less capable person can easily show that there is nothing more than a cocky and shallow image The outstanding performances will be opened here by Connie Nielsen (Sandra) and Jason Isaacs (Colonel Mekum). The supporting actors are Jason Scott Lee, who is memorable as Ken 607, one of the new generation soldiers Sean. Perawee (scepter); Gary Busey (Captain Church); Michael Chiklis (Jimmy Pic); And Mark Bringleson (Rubrick) Anderson sends action movies with messages that are a warning that is above the type of science fiction `Soldiers' warns us of the importance of keeping humanity in our lives. It is a fun way to make us consider alternatives such as a bleak future and a world where good movies don't make a huge difference, like in 1984 and Mad Max. This movie, which, in the end, will make you stop and think about it. And the universe that we all have to live together and share I give this rating 7/10
