Why do I like crime that is not very popular? Why am I laughing jealously or laughing out loud whenever I think of a dozen or more scenes in the movie? It's hard to explain But i will try First of all, it's very funny, of course - contrary to the many "official" comments you want to believe. But then again, it depends on all your humor, so there is no reason to argue about this. Often the humor is in the conversation and often it is a funny situation. There are, for example, the hilarious scenes that 4 gang members have been raised on the back of the truck. When the farmer left them, they stood by the streets, paved with all the cattle or whatever. They are not completely sure; Then, after realizing the humor of the scene, they started laughing about themselves one by one and Reuben Blade. (While Carlos) looked at (and of course, smelled), very badly ignoring the mouth spray, at least Explaining the scene here makes me laugh again!) Which leads to the second issue: the performance of Fred Gwynne, Lou Diamond Phillips, William Russ, Ruben Blades and Corbin Bernsen (okay, a bit too small to get sometimes ) Fit and play their parts beautifully - in fact, you will get the feeling that they have to have fun shooting the film. Third, there is a plot. Jim Kouf, director and screenwriter is very relaxed. He spent his time in These let the story unfold and build up each character. Often without real action But you can enjoy 4 different people - those who try to rob a bank, even if their boss (Bernsen) doesn't seem to appear - complaining about others as well. This movie is The great joke of the typical bank robbery plan - it is impossible to completely distort and coincide. Coincidentally, the title of this movie is one of the best things I've ever seen because it sums up the story in a ridiculous way. So ask my advice: Watch this movie. But if you don't laugh at smiling or smiling during the first 10 minutes, forget it - it's not your type of movie. PS The only negative thing about this movie is that it seems that there's no way to get a movie - if you know how to tell it. me
