I like this movie for many reasons. I have a weakness for films about plotting crimes that are finely planned, like TOPKAPI. I also enjoy movies (such as TOPKAPI and BIG DEAL ON MADONNA STREET) that trick the genre One of the best things is wrong crime. <br /> <br /> Corbin Bernens met four disadvantages over the years and he decided that they would be useful in Robbed the bank he was planning in Montana But he didn't give any details about the crime to them and they didn't know each other Shortly after he sent them to be arrested by two New Jersey police (Ed O'Neill and Daniel Rubbach), which he had previously escaped and had a warrant to bring him back While he was in charge of all four disadvantages (Fred Gwynn, Lou Diamond, Philips, Ruben, Blade and Wilrus) appeared without a trace of why they were. That <br /> The first twenty minutes of the movie dealt with four disadvantages slowly. Familiar with Gwynne and Philips managed to push their doubts, thinking that they had to trust each other. At the same time, we see that Bernsen patiently waits for the right time to escape from O'Neill and Roebuck again - not too difficult because they are not the brightest light bulb ever. The result is a two-set plan that will be put together throughout the film: all four disadvantages try to figure out what Bernsen's project is and how to use it and Burnsen tries to maintain. His own freedom Revive his cabin (And hoping to see his gang there for him to be able to control). There is also a smaller third plot related to the annoyance and anger of the sheriff Hoytak. In the local area with a fool from New Jersey who came into his hair. <br /> <br /> Like Axton, O'Neil's eggs and Roebuck surrounding into the town house that Bernsen should hide. Inside and shouting (through the megaphone "come out, we You are surrounded !! "only to make the transition to a Montana large Bernsen is struggling and stumbling through several miles from where police thought he was at that time a period of four strikes our disadvantage. This position is not always guaranteed. At one point, their car will not start and they will have to ride the truck primarily. Unfortunately, it's a truck with animal dung. <br /> <br /> Summary With the gang Succeeded in the robbery, including the disabling of all police cars Important moments (Philips's specialty is cars) is a gem of timing, wonder and comic results. This movie is very entertaining and definitely worth the look.
