My name is John Mourby and this is my story about Paperhouse: In May 2003 I saw Alfred Hitchcock's psychosis. I was very scared and very disturbed. I started searching for scary movies in the same way. But there is no satisfactory place Among those who tried and failed was the night bird of death, the silence of the flock of sheep, the Blair witch, the evil ring project, the sixth sense. , Peeping Tom, The Cell, Baby Rosemary, Don't Look Now, Witchfinder General, Friday the 13th and The Omen, should confirm that I'm desperate! Shortly after I stopped searching, I found out about Paperhouse. <br /> <br /> Paperhouse is based on my favorite book, called Marianne Dreams Paperhouse. There are also some books that I found in Horror movie But they didn't tell me about the connection between books and movies. I discovered the truth while on the internet. I bought the movie that day. <br /> <br /> I think Paperhouse is not honest about books and boring. Certainly unfaithful But certainly not boring It is the answer to my prayers. Marianne was renamed Anna in the movie, but most of the original stories are the same. One day at the school, Anna draws a house in her scrap book. (There is nothing remarkable about that.) Then she became ill and every time she fainted or slept, she found herself outside the creepy old house. Moreover, she also found that every time she put something new in the painting, it appeared in Dreamworld, like the apple tree. Anna enters the world of a rather sad boy named Mark, who seems to be a person in the real world. Mark is disabled. But wanting to leave the house, Anna indulged in the lighthouse. (The place that should go) But there are still problems that Mark is still unable to walk. So Anna decided to draw her father. She took the pencil out and worked too much. But the result is that Anna, who is deformed and unstable, especially doesn't like his eyes, cites "He looks like a madman". So Anna tries to rub him out and start again. But the pencil does not prove (That means that nothing can be rubbed out). Then Anna runs out of her emotions and opens her eyes! I let you know that you are the result of a rash. <br /> <br /> Paperhouse is the British answer for A Nightmare on Elm Road! Watching this movie shocked and frustrated me. But I found what I was looking for after 2 years. How is the question of quantity compared to psychosis? The answer, 1 old dark house, afraid of parents, psychology 2, shocked 3 authentic, 4 and very scary music
