Anna (Charlotte Burke) develops a strange fever that makes her go out and drift into her own creative world. A bleak world, she comes with a sad little boy as a resident in an old abandoned house in a deserted open field. There is no detail like any child who draws a house and it is Marc (who can't walk because Anna doesn't pull his leg) as a living in this immoral world / limbo area. Anna began to visit boys and houses, trying to figure out what was and in the process of helping children. But her fever makes her wake up harder every time and may not only kill her but her trap And mark there forever. <br /> <br /> Wow! It is a good word to summarize Paperhouse. The great poem and poetry of Bernard Rose is a very simple movie that is almost impossible to describe and forget. While you may find this puppy in your horror section, what is it, but it is a serious fantasy that is masterfully mastered and performed well by actors, especially Charlotte Burke and Elliot Speirs (Marc) and Even so, it's not a movie for children as well. But it means making us remember those carefree days that are now just a dark memory. Rose creates a carpet filled with an emotionally rich atmosphere that creates an exciting backdrop for a wonderful story and A great actor in playing Paperhouse is far from trying to explain that it is a dreamy property and leaves everything in the audience's imagination. There are many symbols and ambiguity here for your teeth to sink. Paperhouse enjoys playing games with the mind of the audience and makes you feel reasonably. When the story began, I was impressed again and again that this movie was powerful until the last episode that gave me a smile on my face and tears in my eyes. <br /> <br /> Portrait of Berna Rose This place is excellent He can create an incredibly cool atmosphere that looks simple on the surface. But overall that is bigger than the sum of the parts. Charlotte Burke's performance is still a child. In this story, her film debut is also impressive. Unfortunately, she was not honored by the deserved Burnout Central award screen. It seems to be suitable for that performance only. In the end, this movie was a bit delayed. But I can easily overlook it I hope that they will turn darker, create the last scene that is more powerful to prove that it is a truly horrifying and inspiring scene in return. The movie as it is still one of the books and deserves to be seen by serious movie lovers. It is a poem that recounts through the innocent eyes of children. Many of the remaining powerful movies that need to be considered and received more praise.
