I miss the Vestron company. They are sure that their fingers dance according to a unique and bizarre cinema in the 1980s. This is very clear with Paperhouse, which is amazing. The movie that touches me deeply every time I watch it. <br /> <br /> The thoughts of the girls who manage the dream world with her paintings) and the connection with and affect the lives of boys she never met. First is something that is fascinating and does not disappoint. The first time Charlotte Burke looked quite precocious and still warmed up with her because being a mischievous child would make adults believe that what she was experiencing was difficult. She was very aware and strong that she couldn't find it. "Hate the boys" as she claimed at first Through this, we are treated in a very impressive and scary time. Every picture has greatness with a great score from Hans Zimmer. I am quite proud to own the soundtrack on the CD when it is released. In the United States in RCA Victor, at the time of this writing, there is no Paperhouse DVD available in the United States. (Only in Europe) This is the hope that one of my wishes will come true because I love this movie and its DVD will be welcomed! br> <br /> It is desirable to see a young woman think that she is like a puzzle game that tries to make the world a dream come true for her and her newly discovered friend Mark (Elliot Spiers ) Both Charlotte Burke and Elliot Spiers have done a great job. I've found comments from editors about Amazon.com about being "Female show" is quite perplexing - I found Paperhouse all the exciting aspects, even in the small scenes that were meant like when Charlotte and the girls in the classroom stared at each other through the glass on the door. It was quite powerful. <br /> <br /> You don't have to be a type of art. Enjoy Paperhouse. Just be a person who enjoys movies that stimulate and make you want more. There is enough in this film to invite the audience over and over again, and I'm still in the fear of movies and series. For me, it's not like watching the same movie twice as there are many details that will absorb and taste. True emotional experience <br /> <br /> While there are many movies that I like, there are only a few stories that give me a great emotional relationship: movies like Paperhouse, Static, Resurrection and Donnie. Darko When I saw a lot of depression, it was easy to pass because the movies were easily forgotten and in the trash. Negotiating what I had to do was just watch Paperhouse and my belief in telling The title was amazing, it was reconstructed.
