Emilio Miraglia's first Giallo feature is The Night Evelyn Came Out of the Grave. It's a wonderful combination of Giallo's horror and gothic - and this second film is even better! We have more Giallo's side than in the equation at this time. Although Miraglia will not lose the Gothic horror style that makes the previous film happy, Miraglia pays more attention to the plot of this plot and For this reason, it is a typical Giallo labyrinth that has characters all over the place and the red bird flock is thrown every few minutes. This is a definite bonus for the movie. Where it might make a little confused sometimes. There is enough to attract the attention of the audience and Miraglia's narrative has been developed since his previous film. The plot opens with a scene where two young women fight each other before their grandfather explains to them the legend behind the horrible paintings in their castle. The legend revolves around a woman called 'The Red Queen', whose legends recount from the grave every hundred years and kill seven people. A few years later, the murder began to happen ... <br /> <br /> Although he had only created two of Giallo's men, Miraglia had his own tribute. Clearly, red is important to him because it has a lot of qualities in both films. And he seems to have something with a woman called 'Evelyn'. He likes castles, gothic atmosphere and stylish murder - which is good for me! Miraglia may not be Argento when talking about spilling blood. But he knows how to bring great murder to his movie And here we are happy with the Volkswagen Beetle and the death on the iron fence, which is one of the favorite death scenes of Jilli forever The best actress with Barbara Bouchet and Marina Malfatti headed to the actress who didn't have to be afraid to take off her clothes! Bruno Nikolai's politeness score is catchy, and even though it doesn't have many hallucinogenic stones heard at night, Evelyn comes out of the grave; It's good for this movie. The ending is a story of opening and closing as though Miraglia had changed the atmosphere of Gothic. But it turned out to be a little more hectic and the killer's identity was too clear. But even then, this is a delightful entertainment for Giallo and it's what I recommend to fans of the genre!
