Finally - finally I arrived around and managed to see a "clean" copy of Pakeezah! Until now, I had only a tangled version of tangled off Dubai TV, sometimes in the 90s, with quirky English subtitles, wide screen widescreen covers, and fluid colors with my own thoughts. After thinking that the world of the copy is poor (and short), I find that the right person is well worth the wait and full 140 minutes. More happy than I thought possible. <br /> <br /> This is Meena Kumari's lovable movie from beginning to end and I believe that she has been planning since 1958 and eventually knew that in 1971, the shameful thing was chronic alcoholism, eventually killing her soon after and in As Actually, she was too sick to want to show some of the scenes in Pakeezah body double. In some scenes, the stress is shown on her face. <br /> <br /> The story of innocence and misery can be seen as a novel without experience in the distance. But I understand that Showing the world that is lost faithfully, which must be normal at once in India It is a sparkling and colorful film with a great message that never stops the intense romantic tragedy. But for me, it is an incomparable gold song by Ghulam Mohammed, sung by Lata Mangeshkar that is especially unparalleled, especially Thare Rahiyo and participating in the story that makes this film stand out. I almost never heard the songs that are serious, beautiful, poetic and wonderful, and playing the movie soundtrack Singin 'In The Rain may be a movie that I like, but Pakeezah has my favorite songs - but Lata says that the song has no special meaning. for you The only regret is that Mohammedra, who is unique, has only one song here, even though the classic pair of songs with Lata <br /> <br /> because of all this But didn't overlook the mistake of it. Pakeezah is my favorite Indian movie, filmed at the time Westernization India is gathering rhythm and watching now when Western values ​​seem to be supported by the state and de rigueur. At least look at Pakeezah for the taste of Indian "pop" music that will present the world before it is right. Throw away all the drum machines, Bollywood Beat and bhangra
