The power of Kangwon Province is the second attempt by the director of Hong Sang-Soo and it is obvious that he started in his previous film to return to the film, including the storytelling. Interlink The same relationship as the potential amount of irony. <br /> <br /> One thing that is clearly reduced from his previous work is a fancy flight that combines elements of surrealism. However, this movie has a time of dreams that are different from the real images found in it. Two stories follow a young woman who travels to Kangwon province with her friends, only to find himself attracted to a stranger. The second story about a man visiting Kangwon Province with his friends and fighting with His relationship, grief. <br /> <br /> Again, Hong expressed a deep understanding of the irony and flaws in human nature. But I don't think he will be completely sympathetic when talking about his character The criticism he painted with his irony I think what I love in Hong's movies is that they feel real, especially the complicated and controversial characters. Do not say that everyone is hypocrite or suffering from confusion. But these characters that he and the actor presented were fully developed and believed. <br /> <br /> This is not a fast-moving movie. There are a lot of lingering, and like the previous movies, things are not connected immediately, so patience can be effective and in surprising ways. There seems to be no element of this film that is not intended to be put into the movie, and it gives me awareness of the special characters that seem to be different from what they were dragged into this film. /> The power is an excellent film that can penetrate personal feelings, regret about the stories that emphasize irony and human error decisions. It's quite difficult to treat and it's surprising that Hong managed to pull it out twice in a row. Technical production costs have improved a lot since the first film and the direction is stable and clear. This film does not encapsulate the same emotions that the first film did. But gained a lot of confidence in surveys and refinements, helping to improve the overall vision Great viewing for art movie lovers 8/10
