Fever Pitch There are many clichés that we know about Hollywood stars in Hollywood: the relationship between the two people who are slightly alike. The secret that he hides is that she discovers the inevitable separation. And public I will not go beyond this But you will get a picture Although it can be predicted But it works, especially if you love baseball, as I do, even though I don't think much like Ben Wrightman, a Boston school teacher, played by Saturday night comedian Jimmy Fallon. /> <br /> Adapted from a novel by Nick Hornby by veteran screenwriter Lowell Ganz and Babaloo. Mandel Ben is a Boston Red Sox fan all his life, which Uncle gave season tickets when he was seven years old and he stuck with Every mood Life and damage of his relationship with women Ben is not just a fan, but a "fanatic" who travels to Fort Meyers, Florida each winter for the Red Sox Spring training game and never misses a home game during the regular season. His family does not consist of parents or siblings. But the groupmates who joined each game with him and his bedroom were not sleeping places. But a red sox museum to visit. <br /> <br /> When he fell in business consultant Lindsay Meeks (Drew Barrymore), he was threatened with the possibility of growing up. But Ben is not ready to do that He wanted to join the Yankee series more than go with her in Baltimore to meet her parents or go to Paris with her and miss the Anaheim series. It takes his relationship to melt away, so he stops and thinks about his priorities, especially when Dr. Phil Vannabe asked him "You love Red Sox But they love you back? "While the evidence of Fever Pitch is something more important than baseball (Destroying the idea) but you will never know what caused it Of course, for everyone who is familiar with the history of the Boston Red Sox, it's a team that will destroy the hearts of the most die-hard fans - but this is the year 2004, the year that Bambino's curse ended and when the Red Sox moved to New levels Ben might do the same. Both performances were excellent and Farrell Brothers managed to make beautiful jokes while Fever Pitch would not be mistaken for an art movie. It was a fun song that had to go down as One of my guilty pleasures. Go Blue Jays!
