Clint Tollinger came to a small town to find a wife who had separated and reported about his daughter, so he found her the opportunity to receive any kind of reconciliation. Important city people have learned about Tollinger's reputation as a pistol test pistol expert. Since they live in awe of the mysterious landowners who separate the city from them one by one, they organize a meeting to hire Tollinger to rid the city of unsightly elements. <br /> <br /> A man with a Gun seems to be a forgotten piece or a piece that is seen as vast as I write it. It has more than 200 votes and 9 users commented. It is a shame for both points, because even though the production cost screams out that this is the movie B in the west, but this is a good program in the Western genre. That piece uses a fairly standard style of the city that was dragged into a vengeful black angel, probably not doing this movie for many years. I myself read the synopsis and thought it was another story Even though I was surprised to find an amazing picture filled with a lot of fun, technical and storytelling moments. <br /> <br /> Robert Mitchum is a leader as a Tollinger. Am Perfect show Some thoughtful threats We often talk about the appearance of the screen that John Wayne and Charlton Heston have of course. {justifiably}, Mitchum is there along with the best things One of the places here saw him standing in the shadows at the back of the room. When the meeting happened, we didn't see his face. But we can feel that the ball pierces out and stared at us! The rest of the actors are still in the shadow of Mitchum. So it's really a big thing that the film director is very high. Maybe it's not fair to leave Ted de Corsia to kick but the slight failure of Man With The Gun and The villains and De Corsia are sad. There are no terrible threats. The score from Alex North is a great layer. Greatly amazed when people realize that this picture was taken in the studio. Directed and co-written by director Richard Wilson for the first time. Man With The Gun has a few surprises for the genre. But it has dark tones, violence and above all else 7.5 / 10
