I intend to commemorate the 10th anniversary that Marcello Mastroianni passed away with a film that has not received his talk of ownership in the VHS; However, due to my stubborn Christmas marathon, I have to do this too! It happened. It had one of his best performances - and he was nominated for an Oscar fairly. (With the film itself receiving the same honor) This is one of 14 other collaborations with the most respected celebrities who emerged from Italy, Sophia Loren; The couple accidentally played with the genre here. She is a charming housewife and he is gay! <br /> <br /> Anyway, the name of the movie has two meanings: the main character brings together on the historical day that Hitler came to Italy to meet Mussolini. (Events shown in long video clips) but it is more specific means The 'short confrontation' of stars that they share a moment of friendship, revelation and short passion - although each person knows that returning to their normal lives is inevitable. Is two hands alone (With all other characters - recorded for the concierge staff without the nose of the apartment in which the story happened completely - including the harsh voice of Loren and the patriotic husband enthusiastically playing John Vernon surprised Start and close sequence); Still confined settings, not inhibiting director Scola (for this record is his 7th movie that I have watched and owns 3 more in the VHS) and film director Pasqualino De Santis. So the results - even if it's low-key - Is far from stagy: the camera is allowed to prowl in various parts of the large building, observe the proceedings closely or unfairly according to the desired situation But it is definitely sharp. <br /> <br /> Course lectures Depending on the performances of both stars to make it reliable and both of them sent (The chemistry on their screen is incomparable) However, it is interesting, though, that Loren went with the prize in the grass field in their home, but Mastroianni was an unpredictable but unsettling outsider (rather Doubtful, seems to take a sexual deviation with anti-fascism!
