'Una Giornata Particolare' is a movie with a name that sounds familiar until I think I've seen it more than once. When I finally saw it, I was very happy. This is one of the better Italian movies I know of, with the best performances by Marcello Mastroianni, who performed in other masterpieces such as 'La Dolce Vita' and '8 1/2' both from Federico Fellini. Directed by Ettore Scola, this is a movie that takes time to introduce the characters and develop the story on a special day. Slowly, the day that Adolf Hitler visited Rome, <br /> <br /> Marcello Mastroianni plays Gabriele as the neighbor. Antoniett's (Sophia Loren), she was a member of the party of Mussolini, who was fanatical in her ideas, and he was not a member anymore. The reason I will not disclose On the day that everyone from the building, including her husband and children, went to see Hitler, they were still in the building. The birds in Antonietta escaped and flew to Gabriele's apartment and this was what they both met. Before Antonietta goes to Gabriele, he thinks to commit suicide again for the reason that I will not reveal How will the story develop from here? I won't reveal it. But it was something that happened between these two things, making it a special day, not the fact that Hitler was in Rome. <br /> <br /> Like I said, Mastroianni got great performance. You see him as someone who desperately needs someone around him, although at first we don't know why. It may be that he likes Antonietta, probably because he loves her. There may be other reasons. Antoni Etta feels what we feel. What does this man want from her? She likes attention anyway. We saw that she made her hair look attractive for men. Lauren plays the scene very well as well. We understand your question even if we are not sure what your intent is. The moment we discover the secrets of both, if it's something you can call a good time. How the story developed from there, more interesting But I don't want to lose you This is the movie you should see. Great performances and beautiful movies and messages that we still stand today
