As laid down, the best version ever in Homer's epic Shoot all the natural places in the Mediterranean. The sea and the sky have a distinctive blue, green and untouched islands. Clothes are linen, wool and wool. The setting is full of rocks and bare. Everything is quite rough and original. It's what you will find in the movie Cacoyannis or Pasolini's movies and it makes everything more authentic. Although the story is based on myths and interactions, supernatural, it gives us a good idea of ​​what life in the 10th century may be like that. <br /> <br /> The rhythm is slow and strict, but all. That was so beautiful that you hurried into In fact, it is surprisingly close to Homer's original plot, if not the character. Ulysses does not appear until the first hour, beginning to focus on his son to look after him. Suddenly he disappeared suddenly in a storm of land on the island of Pheacians, where the royal family took good care of him. His adventures were recounted as the narrator of his host, such as Cyclop, the wonderful world of Circe, The Underworld, Sirens, etc. And eventually he returned to Ithaca in his hometown after 20 years from The claim that Penelope, his faithful spouse, <br /> <br /> Odyssey, is an unparalleled metaphor for fighting human life. The actors are excellent and universal. Here, Irene Papas provides a typical Greek tragedy and Penelope style. But the most amazing thing is that the Albanian Bekim Fehmiu actor, as Ulysses, looks good and is truly confident. This chapter was really created for him. Strange that he never offered the role of this dimension later, playing Nausicaa is Barbara Bach. (As Barbara Gregorini), later celebrated in the name James Bond, in The Girl "My beloved spy" and playing Athena is Michele Breton, who is also known for his strange films. <br /> <br /> 35 years ago, this series is quite It was an innovation for this time period as it was a major television producer in Europe (Italy, France, Germany and Yugoslavia). I have seen this mini-series in 8 episodes on French television in 1974. At that time I was still Children Even if it is black and white. But it was very impressive Throughout my life, I wondered if I would get the chance to see it again because it had never appeared on French TV later. <br /> <br /> I just found a copy on the DVD. (All in excellent colors) via the internet It is a pity that in the Italian language only, there is no subtitle, although there are French and German versions at that time. I have never heard that the film has an English version because it is widely known in the Anglo-Saxon world and it is quite shameful. If you have the opportunity to see this, you will never forget. <br /> <br /> Odyssey has a few versions before or after, one by Camerini in 1955, starring Kirk Douglas as a classic sword. And sandals like "10 commandments" but not very impressive and short for this complex story, one in 1997 by Konchalovsky, a Hollywood movie based on special effects, sometimes Not full of blood The kids behave well and not far from the story and atmosphere of Homer.
