No, this is not a sequel to the excellent OVA series, but it is the creation of events that occurred after Ghim's death (and the disappearance of Woodchuck). There is also more accuracy for the novel that inspired the series. This wonderful thing, which causes the characters (ie, Orson and Shiris) to be re-introduced and why the story may look different from that used to OVA (a small book Included in the kit at a great answer to the question, as well as various online sites), the eighth episode of the TV series 27 is now focused on the fight Daemon fated dragon. The remaining 19 episodes introduce us to Spark, a blue-colored knight that identifies with Parn and his ragtag team as they try to stop Dark Wizard Wagnard from resurrecting Kardis the Destroyer while At <br /> <br /> It's not the same as the original LODOSS WAR (we all like the ending at Parn. Help Deedlit from Wagnard, right?) This TV track is still fun for fantasy fans. Although the animation will be limited (and reduced from the first LODOSS art lineup), the 27th series has an interesting element. The character that is fully aware of the story, has charm, magic, romance and a great soundtrack, which Kaoru Wada from NINJA SCROLL, everyone gives an uneven punch. <br /> <br /> While OVA dubbed LODOSS has been criticized for one reason. In general, I like it and still considered one of my favorite dub. So I have a lot of hope for the dubbing for CHRONICLES, which was produced in 1999-2000. Most of the LODOSS TV English tracks are of good quality. (If not the protagonist); However, it has a common problem. Many traditional actors borrowed their English voice to the characters of LODOSS. Come back (including Lisa Ortiz as Deedlit!) Which is a great bonus. On the other hand, the more mature voice of Billy Regan Parn is quite suspicious. He didn't do a bad job. But his voice came as if it were the first time in eight episodes (causing the fans to resist dubbing immediately). But when Spark and the company joined the stage, I found it less annoying (I don't know if it was because he improved or Also, everyone from the OAV dubbing comes back. Jayce Reeves only sounds Wagnard (excellent) once; He was replaced by Pete Zarustica for all performances that gave scratch. But still deadly On the other hand, Anthony Cruz Kashue is too tired and takes about five or more to find his Oliver Gregory stride to be effective. Most as Orson, especially in his last scene. <br /> <br /> Apart from Lisa Ortiz (Deedlit), Karen Smith (Shiris), John Knox (Ashram) and Al Muscari (Slayn)) the sound The best of the dub is from some new characters, including Crispin Freeman (Spark, Maar, Garrack-episodes 16-27-), Roxanne Beck (Little Neese), Meg Frances (who is the Pirotess voice in the OAV, but still has Ryna with vulnerabilities and sweetness, including Karla) and especially In particular, Angora Deb (who stole every scene that she was in is Leaf the Half-Elf). The rest of the actors are not scary in any way, but are more uneven than the OAV voice. ) While others are boring (Hobb, guards, guards, dragons and others) and there are a few amazing ones Half fear (especially the VA's Prince Reona is cruel and too dull for fighters for justice)> <br /> In fact, the lack of continuity of the ear. (Some members received new voices for reasons that could not be explained at the time we arrived.) Is one of the problems of other dubbing, including less memorable conversations and more voices, Irregular and final synchronization (I apologize in advance to the fans of this story) The LODOSS ISLAND group The interruption of these unusual forms at the end of each episode will make you fun or make you crazy. At first I felt that they were annoying people. But they grew up with me shortly after (There are also some hilarious calls such as "I'm King Kashue and this is my CASHEW! I'm quite nuts! ") These bugs rated the dubbing for CHRONICLES, only the bottom marks for OVA, resulting in unequal English tracks, best concluded as" OK ". <br /> <br /> If anyone Wondering whether Japanese tracks are the preferred listening option? Try to guess. The Japanese version also has advantages and disadvantages. While some sounds are less annoying than English songs But I found that others are less interesting than equivalent English. (Especially the actress Deedlit, almost nothing as good as Lisa Ortiz or Yumitoh). Also, I should mention that Japanese actors are not like OVA. Since this series was created after the original seven years, but all of the actors' members (Sho Hayami) will be replaced by new members. Although they do respectably well But may be a nuisance to those who are accustomed to OVA in Japan, showing that not everything in Japan is better than English, right? CHRONICLES of THE HEROIC KNIGHT, despite the shortcomings It doesn't have a rough spot and never lives in front of it. But it has a good enough point to deal with badness, making the anime fantasy fun at a moderate level
