In terms of art, the 70s is a very busy era. In literature and the visual arts, it is the closing period of creativity fifty or sixty years that has not yet begun. In the song, it was a decade that many viewed as a low point because of rock and disco companies. On television, it was a golden age for comedies, a situation from a strange couple to Mary Tyler Moore, showing M * A * S * H ​​to everyone in the family. But in the movie, it's a time of greater creativity in every category. Which saw the rise of American director Robert Altman, Francis Ford Coppola and Martin Scorsese from the ashes of the old studio system that dominated Hollywood for over half a century. These directors wanted to create knowledge of movies, art for the masses, which was the main event in Europe since the end of World War II. Nonetheless, the studio tried to keep up with the unknown movies in the society since the 1930s. <br /> <br /> But unlike 1930's movies starring actors like Jimmy Cagney and John Garfield ( Usually performed by Dead End Kids, which is related to social problems in a real way or in reality, as anyone can be on the stage of social consciousness in the late 1960s and early 1970s The Users seemed most science fiction films. Which allowed the left wing of Hollywood to preach to many people under the guise of what is considered the least above the comic strip entertainment There were previous methods for many UFO movies in the 1950s that dealt with the political alchemists of the McCarthy era, most notably The Day Stood Still and Invasion Of The Snatchers, and the early 1960s saw Rod Serling destroy. Continuous political conservation by bringing social issues into science fiction settings on his classic television anthology, The Twilight Zone Show Among the studio proposed at this time is the Silent Running that is sensitive to the ecosystem. George Lucas' first film, THX 1138, which deals with consumer protection, thinking and existentialism; And the running of Logan, which emphasizes communism and state control compared to the rights of individuals Some films are quite heavy references and have a vibe of the current Arab oil crisis and severe inflation. Jarred strawberries for a few $ 150 and Soylent multi-colored food rations - Soylent Yellow, Soylent Red and Soylent Green are new. made from 'The best growth under the sea' in a manner that is different from gas rationing at that time. The scene of food riots is the resonance of riots in many gas stations during the year in which the film was released and the scenes that were crowded and the body, life and death. Later movies, such as Escape From New York, are clear descendants. The rest of the chapter by Stanley R. Greenberg is quite pedestrian and is a standard for the dystopian flick, but Fleischer and the director Richard H. Kline perform great functions to fill the screen with interesting images and sounds. Happening Using the soft, dim light, gloomy filters, increasing the Stygian feeling in New York's movies, almost the same as the Vampyr of Carl Theodor Dreyer's Vampyr. The only light in the movie comes from the invention. No time. <br /> <br /> The end of this film, which Thor sneaks into the human processing plant. The body was created as a Soylent Green wafer, which has both coldness. In the end, Soylent's followers hunt down Thorn, but he survived long enough to say the movie's poem to Hatcher. Yet, no one knows whether it is enough for Hatcher to be selected and has a long history of finding a simple solution. But that truth and its ambiguity shows that the film does not summarize the character's dilemmas and there are many depths later, movies that do better than science fiction or not. This is the reason why Soylent Green is still a fascinating movie.
