Document recording That's one way to explain Keep the River. Your right: Modern human tales This film follows the anthropologist Tobias Schneebaum, who in the late 70s returned to the place he spent as a field researcher, who attended 40 years ago for the first time in West Papua and Peru. Tobias is a character filled with anthropologists, Jewish artists, Jews who live on a cruise ship that teaches tourists to see the culture in which he receives deep respect and understanding. The author of many books that recorded his time with both the Asmat people of West Papua and the flesh-eating Amazon in Peru Tobias was haunted by what happened in his time in these places and Relationships and relationships Still, Tobias still doubts and appreciates the place he knows, admiring and enjoying. We only hope to achieve and maintain humility. <br /> <br /> Tobias is an interesting subject for education because of the experience he faced in immersing himself in the tribal society. The two changed him. This film challenges the concept of morality and "Nature" - such as nudity, homosexuality, cannibalism (see the circumcision scene) when asked why he was involved in local practices that others would deny with natural morality, not his judgment Ask: "Why not?" Who would say that the way of other cultures is right or wrong? This little thing is something to watch, not just But is the type of National Geographic only, but also those who are interested in the art of making a documentary This film shows what can be done in the video. This correction provides a quiet revelation in Tobias' life that makes you look charming. At times, he felt discouraged by being pushed by the film team to return to his emotions, especially when considering his age and physical weakness. We are very pleased that Tobias allowed the table to look at herself, perhaps sympathetic to the desire to understand humanity and its place in the world. The filmmakers created a period of significant balance, presenting one example, an anthropologist who believed that Tobias had determined what he had discovered. (Homosexuality in this case) according to his personal interests Who said that you can't decide when to stop and when to take this man home to hug, move to the River Queen. This is the best river ride I've ever done for a while
