The world of the drama "Sci-Fen Green" in 1973 is what we will see if we are not careful. It is a world in which the population of New York City reaches a peak of 40 million mark in 2022. Overpopulation, air pollution, heat waves throughout the year and food shortages are important. The only hope comes from a food product called Soylent Green. But what is this food made from? That question is at the heart of this film that is quite acceptable. But still an interesting movie created from the Make Room! Make Room! Charlton Heston is a Thorne detective, NYPD, who is found in the murder of a senior executive of the organization. (Joseph Cotten) It turns out that Cotten is on the board of directors of Soylent Corporation, who is responsible for all the food that people need to consume instead of real. Heston believes that this is not just a murder in a variety of gardens where Cotten was also hit. Reason He received a lot of help from a rather subtle but very smart "book" (Edward G. Robinson, in style 101 and his final film) and remembers memories of what the world used to be. What Robinson discovered about Soylent Green made him shocked beyond imagination. But before he told Heston everything he knew And when Heston discovered the secret of Soylent Green ... Of course, that part became immortal in film history. <br /> <br /> Under the direction of the very professional director Richard Fleischer (THE STRENGLER BOSTON ; FANTASTIC) VOYAGE) SOYLENT GREEN is a horrible picture. But aroused the thought of the future of Dystopian that humanity may live if we do not reduce the tendency to destroy the world of natural resources In fact, this is a project that Heston thought for filming in 1968 after he hit the gold in a sci-fi style with PLANET OF THE APES - the truth that may disappear whenever he conserves. Political philosophy occurs in conversation. (After all, SOYLENT GREEN is almost a path for unrestricted capitalism) Robinson, for example, was a complete professional in his last role; The order in which he was euthanized (as he watched videos of the world from a better era, set songs of Tchaikovsky, Beethoven and Grieg) was miserable. The film also benefited from the strong support from Chuck Connors (as a believer) Brock Peters (as Heston's head) and Leigh Taylor-Young as a woman trying to help Heston in the inquiry. br /> <br /> Today must look simple to cancel SOYLENT GREEN because it is the day But those who do it should think twice For the world of this movie may become our reality if we do not see what we do with what we have today.
