I discovered this movie after reading inspiring books. It is not a strictly biographical film. It is "freely followed" on the facts. But I found that it was an interesting and terrifying exploration of evil and madness, and Michel Serrault gave a memorable performance as Dr. Petiot. <br /> <br /> There are many memorable images in This movie Petiot travels overnight like a vampire, his black cloak flapping behind him almost as a symbol. In addition, there is a touch of expression - Petiot's winding shadow, with a staircase leading from the basement where the remains of his deceased awaiting cremation reminds me of some scenes from 'Nosferatu' <br /> But I found the main charm of this movie is about ears. The soundtrack is full of bad sounds, beginning with the acclaimed song of the opening credits, along with the weeping lament of Petiot, living and performing his medical operations in a complex with several small shops and noise from the floor. The back of the sharp knife somewhere like the hawker who plays the eerie melodious song on the saw. There are also animal voices - Pet care officers watch sheep, goats and cats - and later in this movie, we see a cow that has no luck being driven into the passage. The whole atmosphere is unstable with violence and slaughter. <br /> <br /> Not only the animals, but the human voice is heard often - the screams of the victims of Gestapo. Petiot's patients in his waiting room Checked by listening devices Just as suspicious collaborators after the war have been examined in their cells. Even the action of the film is often arranged so that we can hear the voices of the participants without seeing them - when Petiot goes to see Mme Kern, we hear her sing while she works. Her voice is reflected in the theater before we see it. She. And even though she appeared, she was often filmed from behind her voice, calling her husband, who called upon her in conversation. The sound that was removed from the echo in the large hall and their owners when they were seen would be photographed at a distance, so we could not see them actually speaking. This is a ghost story, and these are the voices of ghosts - many of whom are victims of Petiot's future. <br /> <br /> Petiot is often just a voice. His horrific laughter echoes, as he retreated from the camera, throwing opinions behind him or in the air for everyone. In any way he is a ghost as much as he killed He was always busy, frantically flustered from an appointment to an appointment, never resting. But his activities are just machines - lifeless and lifeless It is interesting that in the midst of the horror and danger of being occupied by Paris, Petiot alone was not afraid. He is amused, enthusiastic, angry, irritable, insulting. But never feared, which is different from the real people he deceived to death It is not surprising that he is proud of his mechanical inventions, including permanent movements. (The real details from the book - he claimed to have invented many machines). He was like his own perpetual motion machine. And the mechanical image is everywhere in the movie, from the giant wheel that opened in the theater to the Petiot's bicycle (with the rumbling echo of the knife) until Victrola, which he crooked, played the music before he killed . Even his routine with his victims is mechanical - write a note to your wife. Let me disguise you before you leave. You need to be vaccinated. Naga Casablanca Dakar - like a machine that is lubricated good routine was always the same. Because that record is always the same. <br /> <br /> The author said that it was the perfection of his crime, which weighed heavily against Petiot in his trial. His system is smooth and powerful, like the Nazi concentration camps, and this may be the reason why this film created a sub-plan of Petiot's involvement with French Gestapo and the Nazi possession. Unfortunately it's not part of the story because it's hard to understand what Petiot is doing for the collaborators or what happens when he ends up at their headquarters at night. Removal of the body? Hide stolen goods? It's hard to say and hard to believe. It is unlikely that the state will turn to free translators like Petiot. <br /> <br /> But it reminds us of the duality of wicked people. Petiot is a thief and murderer. But he is also a father and husband who is dedicated Just as we learned that Hitler loves dogs and Nazis, guilty of the worst war crimes, may be the love of parents and family members, so we have to realize that Petiot can do horror. An indescribable morale His insanity was easily camouflaged with insanity and horror of the war situation in Paris; When killing, robbing and disappearing, is happening around. No one is interested. Petiot throws a corpse on the pile.
