I saw this film at the Toronto International Film Festival. I love this thing and not just But for a clear reason, Blindsight is a documentary about a blind Tibetan teenager who is trying to climb Mount Everest's sister. Now, this thing is often not to be missed, inspiring a beautiful standard move, right? And even though the movie is like that, I still like it But it is more The German blind Sabriye Tenberken established a school for blind children in Tibet in a culture that saw blindness as a curse, as evidence that people do bad things in life. Previously, many school children avoided both life and that. The best is a burden to their families. As part of their education, Tenberken shared the story of American Erik Weihenmayer, the first blind man to reach Mount Everest. She sent a letter inviting him to visit her students. He returned with a plan. He will prepare a journey for them to climb up to 23,000 feet. Lhakpa Ri and give advice and all equipment. Sabriye finds six willing participants and this is the time when the fun begins. <br /> < br>> Erik's team is mostly American, mostly male, and is seen mostly. As an experienced climber, they are type A, gung-ho and target oriented. Sabriye is European. Women and blind people and students for her are more than "projects", no matter how well-intentioned. In addition, students are Tibetan and not old enough or have enough confidence to stand up for themselves. As the journey spread, they became the pledge between "adults". Both sides wanted to appease both parties while at the same time wanting to gain confidence from success. As an additional obstacle (Apart from blindness) is that they are speaking English as a second language or in most cases, the third language and trying to understand and understand yourself. <br /> <br /> When it changes As no student has any experience climbing, and some people are more coordinated than others, it begins to reveal Erik's original plan so that they all reach the summit together. While both students and teachers are beginning to be affected by altitude, the decision must continue or send mountains. Among the effects of increased height is increased irritability and you can see how this will pull the conflict between adults. The risk of overloading on the other side is for those who are all destinations and the other side is those who want to enjoy traveling. I will not tell you that it will all be open except that it is one of the most surprising and thought-provoking stories I have seen for a long time. <br /> <br /> The film still continues. bit Based on the story of each climber entering the lecture, and this is a very necessary thing from one time when climbing. Children often make their heads stop and their mouths closed. When all the drama that happened around them was not surprising, the backstories became charming and painful, and I found it very strange that I found myself approaching tears at the beginning of the movie rather than the episode. end This is the opposite of my expectations and another delightful surprise, besides Walker and her small team, still having to fight with the cold and lack of oxygen on their own. Equipment up the mountain and hope that it won't crash As well as excellent documentaries, filmmakers lucky enough to (Or be smart enough or prepared enough) to be in the right place at the right time, and she receives a very special story that talks about people who want to do "the best thing for children" as well as with Children
