There is one episode of The Simpsons, which has a funny news report, referring to the army training base as "Killbot Factory". Here, the comments are just a part of the flyer joke. But what the documentary of Patricia Foulkrod does not show us that it is disgusting that it is not far from the truth. After the Second World War, the US military decided to tackle the problems they faced throughout the war. Many soldiers enter the battlefield and find themselves unable to completely kill another human being, unless it is a matter of 'Me or them' Since then, the training process of the US Army is to eliminate all good morals and turn the enlisted men into killing machines that do not think they are warriors. In developing them to the most unnatural conditions: "Sustainability to kill" <br /> <br /> First of all, this is not an anti-war movie like this. While it depicts the war in a bad light, Foulkrod pays attention to views that do not receive much media attention, such as discussions about the laws of war or physical success or failure. The impact on the process of transforming human beings into soldiers as a human being It is a conflict that will train someone as a soldier to protect society, making them unsuitable to live as part of that society, and while most examples and interviewers come from conflicts in Middle East Especially Vietnam, clearly painful This is not about any war, especially it's about the problems caused by war in general. <br /> <br /> The film structure seems to be divided into three parts. How to persuade them into the army and the training they receive. How are they treated when fighting? At this point, you will know that the main goal of this film is the policy that exists in the armed forces. The policy that is used to allow soldiers to enter the emotional combat forces. But eliminate all humanity from the person The interviewer told the camera that the recruitment process looked clean and simple. "Democracy" and "freedom" are combined But when the training begins, they become "enemies" and "killers" and "destroyers". Operating soldiers ignore what they have been told to do when they are embedded in the idea that once they do According to the order, no matter what it is, they will approach the house only one step. They have no political or social ideology to fight to fight and kill. But that is what they are trained to do. <br /> <br /> But Ground Truth's main goal is to emphasize the way the US Army left those who Have fought for their country when they return home There is no real revival for the returning soldiers, and many are forced to go home, unable to cope with what they have seen and done, and most policies seem to make sure that the army does not have any legal responsibility. This is the last indignation that when they are used, they will be thrown away. <br /> <br /> If there is a flaw in this film, Foulkrod does not try to show. The other side of the argument You will be impressed that every soldier who has joined the war will return with a Post Traumatic Stress Syndrome. It's very interesting to see them? Fewer free parenting suggests how the army manages training and policies. There has never been another side of the argument to make yourself known. <br /> <br /> But other than that, this is a documentary created by experts and the use of stock footage and Foulkrod's songs were right. Used perfectly On the other side of the war that is often passed when talking about the fall of the war
