I rented this movie just because Rosario Dawson was in there. I sat down to watch with my friends and we spent 6 minutes on our seats, not because of the concentration in that 6 minutes, but because it was a real movie. No Hollywood BS, no explosion, no one corner liners; The film pulls you in slowly and heads towards the tragic human fate. Some people think that they enjoy movies. But they are sadly misunderstood They like to watch movies. Unreasonable entertainment for entertainment only. Michael Bay's Transformers and similar things were created for this audience only. No need to think of others, just watch and allow it to be fixed. We can slow down your brain. We will also place ads throughout the movie for you to buy our products. And don't forget the explosion, we all like bombs Here we make a difference. Art can be fun. But thought that was provocative and made you move in a hidden way Entertainment is not only tricky and arbitrary. Movies are entertainment Descent is a movie The movie is an art. <br /> <br /> If you still have a soul inside your meat sack, this rape scene is as powerful as "irreversible". The difference here is "No return. Can be "a violent rape scene involving two people who have a path that is unfortunate at the time of the abuses and hell happened." Descent "is about rape. Not less disgusting, not atheism, just different This is about infringement of trust, destruction of souls and scars that occur deeply if the character "Maya" admits to being a hot sex scene. But when she saw that she was desperate to escape, "Jared" was a rapist who was uncomfortable and manipulative and it was completely unstable because it was similar to a love affair. Who else can even be in the midst of rape of her "Jared's" slick face lover of a slippery boy, just a skid guide? She was destroyed. <br /> <br /> The overall movie is beautiful. The work of the camera and the light sometimes removes the environment and emphasizes everything about "Maya" and the quiet inner workings in her mind. All of this was done by Rosario with facial expressions and gestures. Great soundtrack combines everything together. My favorite scene, in particular, is the synchronization of all these movies, working together; "Maya" danced in a sea full of corpses. The things inside her woke up, realizing everything that Jeff Buckley sadly. <br /> <br /> I don't think I will lose anything. at all I stopped before doing Bottom line, I think this is the best movie of the year 2007. Oppose, unfortunately, it seems that everyone is bored today if you don't hack and slash, rape gangs or do anything. Death is not the worst thing that could happen to you. Is just the last thing that will happen in this existence The worst thing that has never happened to you. They are always in your mind. When you shower When you brush your teeth When you buy Christmas gifts when you tie shoes They haunt you They haunted you until the last thing left you. <br /> <br /> Treat yourself. Challenge yourself. Watch this movie
