The quintessential Georgian movie of Georgi Danelia, Ne goryuy (1969) aka Don't Grieve is based on the novel by French writer Claude Tillier (1801-1844) "Mon on Benj Benjamin". The novel takes place at the country side of 18. Century french The Great French Revolution continues. But some signs that exist in society Benjamin, a local doctor, is the spirit of a local society that is educated, friendly and democratic, which often treats the poor without charge. It made him popular among locals. But most did not help with his bank account. He fell in love with the beautiful Manette who was crazy about him. But being closely watched by her father who called his daughter "his small capital" and determined to protect her innocence until the time of signing a marriage contract ... I never read a book This book and from the narrative looks like a charming French novel. But I was intrigued by the results of moving characters and certain elements from the 18th century of France to the beginning of the Georgian-Grusiya 20th century. I would think that it was Danelia that came with colorful, memorable characters. Various that feel like home in his hometown in Georgia-Grusiya The land of long and wonderful traditions, including the art of making and drinking wine. Georgians seem to have a unique sense of humor and high honor. When we watched the movie last night with my husband, he said it was a good example of an art film and I agreed with him. Don't Grieve is a perfect art film, a beautiful picture. But sometimes funny, sad and philosophical But never expressed pride But looking optimistic, celebrating life with beauty and sadness, full of interest, irony, love and understanding It's a strange character. But a little human The most important thing is that this film is warm and gentle, not insulting the audience like some artistic images. You don't have to be a movie, love to be with it, smile and sigh to follow Dr. Benjamin, who has a good heart. (The first role in the movie Danelia of the famous singer and actor Wachtang Kikabidze, with whom Daniel is going to make two more films, including my favorite movie Forever Mino) on his journey through the streets and mountains. In georgia Or to be a guest at a party that friends gather to celebrate the life of an old doctor, Levan, who wants to be a guest in his own wake to listen to what his friends say about him when he dies while He is Still alive and who will choose the color he wants for his coffin When I watched the movie, I thought it was a kind of movie that Federico Fellini might like. I was not surprised to find an article about Danelia, where he named Fellini, his number one director. I also found that according to the famous Soviet director Danelia Leonid Gaiday (the creator of many beloved comedies) and Sergei Paraszhanov (the visionary I didn't have to introduce the movie Danelia, another fairy tale story about American boy Huck. Finn) Sovsem propashchiy) feels and speaks negatively about Don't Grieve while Fellini admires it very much. I dare go further and guess that maybe Mestre Fellini remembers the image and the aura and the atmosphere. Do not regret when he made Amrarcord in 1973, just think because there are some important things that link both films. Both artists come back to their origins to the places they love deeply to the people they remember. Both movies have many smiles through tears. Both are art films that will reach the hearts of the audience directly. Both are masterpieces. <br /> <br /> I think I will add Georgi Danelia to my favorite director list. He created beautiful images in the most favorite form of drama, even sad stories that were funny, bitter and delicate. The soil and elevation were gentle and sparkling. When I watched the movie he wrote / directed, I was fascinated by the fact that he had not made a single bad movie since he began dating back to 1960 by Seryozha, a young man who has won Danelia's many movies in My favorites because I am confident that they are one of his fans, the man behind 'Seryozha, Sovsem propashchiy (1972), which is the adaptation of Mark Twain. The adventures of Huckleberry Fi nn, 33, Ya shagayu po Moskve (1964) Known as walking along the streets of Moscow Ne goryuy (1969), Afonya (1975), Mimino (1977), Osenniy marafon (1979), aka Autumn Marathon or Sad Comedy, which is a very suitable name for this movie, includes all the genres that Danelia actually invented. The year Kin-Dza-Dza (1986) is excellent and deserves our true love and true gratitude for the moment. Memorable of happiness in the cinema
