This is a movie that led me astray. But now that I have watched, it has appeared to be one of the important items in the Noir style. As usual with DivX format, viewing is far from ideal? Died from the video from time to time and (mostly) the sound is impaired? But because the movie is not yet available on the DVD R1, this thing must be done at that time Since the reputation of the film is quite high in its own category, I think the reason behind this governance is because it doesn't have a well-known actor in leadership. <br /> <br /> However, the entrance to Delay of Celebrities, movie titles, sound, Franchot, rather swish packs (Especially when he acted as a villain from the beginning)! The tone is an actor who evaluates too low? He rarely gets the role that is full of meat, and this may be the best of him. The woman brings ?? Ella Raines, who will later appear in BRUTE FORCE (1947), including The SUSPECT Siodmak (1944) and Wacky of HAVE HARRY (1945)? Is a cute and talented person in the role of secretary, hoping to prove that her boss (Alan Baxter) The innocent person who is blamed for the brutal murder of his wife. Other major support parts were produced by Thomas Gomez as the first bullying police investigator. But in the end, and Elisha Cook Jr.? The quintessential fall of the music genre As an "unlucky woman" <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Just like Jules Dassin of BRUTE FORCE, Siodmak is in the noir industry at this point in his career. ? The tilt angle and the whole set of wonderful scenes, including the jazz music sequence that is celebrated in a fair, where the prison made the drums on his drums with sexual extremism led by Rain, who received such attention. much more To confess that he had suppressed evidence in the inquiry Another long and wonderful scene is the scene in which Raines follows the bartender. (Witnesses who do not cooperate again) around the streets of New York? Which resulted in him being cut by a car! <br /> <br /> It is worth noting that the trial sequence is like that? Which appears all through the audience's reaction so that the judges, juries, witnesses and D.A will never actually see (Although the voice of the judge is known for the character of Samuel S. Hind's character) The heart of this film is the scene in which Gomez and Tones talk about the nature of the criminals involved with people. Checking down the back while the mind is insane for the heart to spit. "Dizzy Spells" suspicious climax finds Raines alone with a voice in his apartment, where she discovers the evidence of his guilt? And he confessed to having a relationship with Baxter's wife, but killed her when she didn't abandon her husband for him. <br /> <br /> By the way, I hit a little goof in the movie: while the story is set like Clear in 1943. I noticed that during a taxi ride to the beginning of the movie ?? That Alan Curtis took the woman to the cinema, right? Creating the shock of New York (Consisting of clear stock images) consisting of tents that promote Laurel and Hardy's movie in 1938, SWISS MISS! Incidentally, the famous mystery writer Cornell Woolrich wrote an original novel based on the use of aliases.
