Alan Curtis argues violently with his wife, slamming out of his apartment, having a night drinking with a mysterious woman with a large hat in the bar. (Operated by Andrew Cemetery in the worst part for change) and returned to find that his wife had died and the police led by Thomas Gomez waited for him. His efforts to prove his excuses - that he was with that mysterious woman - fell because everyone he could think of (Tombes, Elisha Cook) claimed that no one was there. He ended up with no excuse, even though his secretary. (Who secretly loves him) Ellen Rain believes him Was convicted after the trial, he was waiting for the death penalty Rains began to follow the truth by discovering that Gomez had his own doubts. She also found a partner in Curtis Franchot's friend, who seemed to be out of town on the night of the crime. Will she wash Curtis in time? THE PHANTOM LADY was created by William Irish's novel (Cornell Woolrich, the great noir writer) as the movie fans knew from other works of Woolrich (LEOPARD MAN, NIGHT HAS had thousands of eyes around , WINDOW READ, NO MAN OF OF HER OWNN) Can't predict what happens on the surface anywhere. The missing wife of the salesperson may not be the real person in the north of the state. Send the message that she arrives if he still has jewelry. Mentalists may be able to predict the tragedy - or is he planning to kill his old partner, now an oil millionaire? The leopard is killing a young woman, or is it that the hidden rich people in that city really hide the wrong knowledge? The girl claiming to be the wife of the elder brother was killed in the train wreck. Is it really a scam? This is Raines and Gomez. (With the help of Tone) tried to prove that Curtis saw a woman that no one would agree to see - and if he saw her, why no one could remember her The problem of this is Curtis's personality - he surrendered too easily when he was found guilty of a crime he didn't commit. In fact, anyone who is innocent will scream until the second is executed. However, in order to prevent the collapse of Curtis, it happened to many other people in the film: Gary Cooper in MR DEEDS TOWNWING received a disgust about the frame he had been lost and mad by Douglas Dumbrille and his followers. Of him that he did not defend himself at first until the person who would rely on his help, crying out in the courtroom and waking up again His responsibility But Curtis seemed to give up In normal circumstances Raines Gomez and others will not be interested in Curtis. <br /> <br /> But this movie is still alive. The slow lie of false witnesses bribed by the real killer makes two sets of pieces for Rain and the grave on an abandoned platform and Elisha Prison during jazz. Gomez turned out to be more understanding than the villain expected to check his excuses again. And the villain keeps track of Rain and Gomez until the last minute of the movie If it is not as good as a movie about double compensation or the cost of a post office worker doubled or MALTESE FALCON, it will hold well until when Curtis and Raines are brought together. Again at the end
