This noir may not be the best-remembered movie from the era. But it has a great mystery plot, general noir atmosphere and good performances from the lesser known actor Robert Siodmak, the talented director behind the mysterious / horror puzzle 'The Spiral Staircase' directing the film This was two years before the previous film and showed the true talent to create a dark and contemplative atmosphere. Making viewers passionate about Phantom Lady, focusing on Scott Henderson; A man marries a woman he doesn't like. He picked up a woman wearing a big hat in the bar one night, and the two agreed with the fun on an unconditional night. However, he then went home to find an apartment where the police came in and found that the reason they were there was because his wife was strangled by a neck tie! He was disappointed to find that no one saw while a mysterious woman could recognize her, and by nature the jury sent him to kill his wife. However, fortunately for him, his beautiful female staff has received in this case ... <br /> <br /> The story moves well and not like many well-known noirs. There is a slight murder. More interesting. In fact, if not because it was created in the forties of four and filmed in black and white, I would swear that Phantom Lady was Giallo Italy! The main character is interesting enough with Alan Curtis showing the victim's image well and Ella Raines is effective as a sudden female detective. However, the real prominence of this film is Franchot Tone, which gives memorable performances as the mad villain of this piece. The film also has a role in supporting the best actress Elisha Cook Jr, who is a drum player in the most memorable part of the movie. If I criticize this film, I will tell you that the murderer's identity is revealed a little too quickly - although Phantom Lady deserves some credit from the traditional front. The conclusion is satisfactory and everything is reasonable. (Which is remarkable when considering the plot that is unlikely) and overall, the Phantom Lady is one of the greatest noirs
