The goal of the James Bond game is to make the player feel that he is fulfilling the best imagination: step into the shoes of Agent 007 "FRWL" coming closer to this goal than any other game, because now you control James. Any offense to Pierce Brosnan that creates a wonderful Bond and lends a voice and a metaphor to "EON", but Sean Connery is the real James Bond and no one will come close to his cool level. <br /> <br /> I must say that at this point, like everyone else who reviews this game, Sean's voice, 70 years old, doesn't fit his 30-year-old picture on the screen and requires some familiarity. But it's certainly worth it. He created chapters like "Bond ?? James Bond" and "Shaken, not stirred" a big deal again. But the control of Sir Sean while he dealt with an evil organization called OCTOPUS is that Bond spoke in "Octopussy", "Just the tip of the tentacles". The culmination of the game begins with the gun open. It is the original gun barrel from the movie. Then, you do your first mission, help the Prime Minister's hot blonde daughter from the terrorists at the parliament, and everything from cars to clothes is completely retro. The game world is truly a world of original James Bond until the classic style of James Bond played during the important moments of the game, as Bond inserted into the secret factory. <br /> <br /> After the Open the plot game will follow the plot of the movie "FRWL" faithfully. James Bond was sent to Turkey to receive a Lektor device from a Russian center employee who claimed she was interested in him. In Turkey, Bond collaborates with fellow beloved Kerim Bey. Bond must pull the device to protect the girl in distress and bring them back to London safely. The author, Bruce Ferrein, worked on the screenplay and he worked well to make the game the same. But different from movies All characters from the movie were all rebuilt. But some of them are better than others. Mimicry like Rosa Klebb and Red Grant are strangers. And there is a short time in the game that you interact with Miss Moneypenny, M, and Q that everyone looks and behaves like in the original Sean Connery 007 movie. <br /> <br /> What makes this game a mile ahead of the game? Other Bonds, in addition to Sir Sean's voice and likeness, are two notable features of the game. One is to focus on Bond. While you can send the villain simply by locking them with one button and killing them with other buttons, pressing the additional button will allow you to zoom near the target and choose between the points that Bond will shoot, such as the bombs that are attached. with A belt that sends enemies and a few of his friends or an abseil that will cause the suspended enemy to reach death. Other notable features are the smuggling and killing of mêlée. When you are close enough, just press the button to defeat the enemy with the raw brutality that only James Connery's Sean Bond appears. <br /> <br /> The bond of Sean Connery depends on the intelligence and ability of He is the master You only have a few gadgets, but it's good. Q-copter is a remote control helicopter that can destroy itself and explore areas where Bond cannot reach, such as Q-spider in "EON" only better. Classic laser watches are not only useful But for entering the sealed room only But also eliminating enemies when you don't have other weapons. Sonic cuff links and serum gun are the most fun games to play. But you have to touch by yourself In addition to various accessories, you can also dress up in retro outfits found in the game, including a gray suit from the movie, a standard black tuxedo, retro retro suit and a classic white tuxedo. They do when Sir Sean wears them in the movie. When you drive in the game, you will drive the Aston Martin DB5 straight from "Goldfinger". It can't make it invisible. But there are devices for popping tires like in movies And when you do not fly down the streets of Istanbul in the "Goldinger" car, you can fly through the air in a jet set "Thunderball" <br /> <br /> Then there are many players. Of course, must compare to the standard of the game "GoldenEye" and it fails. In addition, you can play Bond villain more than Bond himself or other heroes of the game, but many players are amusing and good bonuses due to the greatness of a single player that makes the campaign pleasant to play. The basic game has some other flaws. The most exciting moments of the movie, especially the shooting of the Gypsy camp, Bond's quarrel with Red Grant on the Orient Express and the confrontation between Bond's knife shoes and Rosa Klebb Did not create justice in the form of games And this game plays quickly even in the most difficult difficulties But overall, this game is the best experience of James Bond.
