I'm not a follower of a movie. I categorized the movie as an industry or not an industry only. Valentine is an industrial film. The second story of director Jamie Blanks after Urban Legends is different from Urban Legends. The script and the story are very weak. But unlike Urban Legends, the basic elements of this movie are lively and symbolic, and that is what makes the best Valentine. <br /> <br /> As a basic element and the first symbol, hatred that The increase of serial killers is based on the ground. From high school, he grew up with the wounds he had accumulated in his soul with his classmates, which made him fun. When you concentrate enough on this first element while watching movies, you will see humanistic perspectives: "No one is good or evil. In fact, people who are known as evil will have A good mind "Just because the story and direction are very weak, we are not as happy as we deserve. <br /> <br /> The second outstanding element is, of course, the great combination of superstars. end 90s: My favorite is Jessica Coffee, who was killed in the coolest way. The arrow shot from the bow penetrates her stomach and is stuck while she is playing hide-and-seek with her blind date. Unable to meet, Katherine Heigl is the first star to be killed in a biological lab while trying. Hiding under the human body placed on the surgical table Denise Richards is killed by the third person, as she just found her Valentine's Day gift at the whirlpool. Jessica Capshaw was killed the last time in a secret and invisible way. Then she was deprived of a serial killer. Marley Shelton is the most unfortunate fortune that she will be killed in the most secretive way that we have no way of knowing. 'This movie ended before she was killed. Finally, Benita Ha is the luckiest person because she is not a classmate of serial killer David Boreanaz. <br /> <br /> The third and final element is the soundtrack from the scene. Valentine's Day Maze Celebrate the date of Dorothy's house scene and the ultimate killing theme. Everyone likes the soundtrack as much as I know. Hard rock is not suitable for a better serial killer mystery.
