I will not try to speculate that Brando is trying to do his best. He turns to playing in a strange ball, insinuating many things at the same time. He seems to do nothing more than playing without instinct. End Often it seems that he is calling attention to the popular character of his character above all others. Meditation, which, if followed, becomes something of a red herring while he appears. come out This is the skill of deception, not as popular as it may be related to the way the role of Sky Masterson, while Mankiewicz has been miraculously realized, seems to be suitable for him, starting from strange and strange at the end because What Brando has done, he has all the elegance, may be his own, but Grace is still perfect - again, strange from an actor with limited musical talent like never before. After consultations related to comedy. Jean Simmons, a strange actor, is not very impressive. But above all, enough, happy in the order of Havana and not more fun. <br /> <br /> And yet ... maybe because both actors focus on what they are doing and The characters in what they intend to each other do not seem to be lovers. "Chemistry" has been continuously confirmed more than once. Brando / Sky Masterson and Simmons / Sister Sarah, respectively, eat well enough. But I don't see more In this film that is the most exciting and fun (And everything about this intelligent technician is dazzling). The lack seems to be overlooked and easy. But must rely on real chemistry! At least some of the characters' changes through chemistry, for example, will lend positive things to the final scene. As it was, one person from this movie certainly was glad. But didn't really move, except in a way that would erase the true union Note Sister Sarah is married in her missionary uniform. Sky Masterson in a cute men's clothing store like his own town rather than a tuxedo wedding. And they changed back to the scene from the previous scene. <br /> <br /> Enough fun (that's smart). The most impressive and most serious scene is the scene between Brando and Vivian Blaine. Adelaide's Sinatra / Nathan Detroit is the only scene in which the two are together, not least because there is no courtship between them, although it happens in Adelaide's dressing room while the app Adelaide is about to change, even if anyone can send it, there is no place for that, but Sky is the type that "examines" Adelaide in this situation. He was still there to tell Adelaide that Nathan would not find her to escape. Adelaide and Sky are both true in the way Nathan has for him, despite being poor. Of course, Adelaide was disappointed and disappointed. But her anger was reduced because of her deep feelings for Nathan, while Sky warned her that she could not love a man and wished him to be someone else. <br /> <br /> Guys and Dolls are another turn in the fighting of women around the theme of gambling and salvation. Because both the gambler and the savior are desperate to become more or less hopeless, there may be deliberately dark secrets behind the lack of chemistry of Brando and Simmons. The After that, the lack may mean narcissism. (Reflected by the pairing of Sinatra / Blaine, although there is less self-deception involved) which may explain the strangeness of Brando and Simmons. Sarah I know that Simmons may Showing the coldness and suspicion But Brando, although playing to confront her is not hot and enthusiastic and is more than keeping his distance - he still absorbs it. His courage consists of just playing with her - traveling to Cuba, kissing, whatever needs to be used - but he doesn't really win the heart by capturing her as much as she can dance on her own lawn. This may be wise because playing enthusiastically may be the only way to reach the missionaries and pass. But it makes Sky's transition just to try to win the bet to want Sarah Brown to be less persuasive. But why he needs you What does it mean to fall in love with the sky? I found the only way to avoid this problem was to acknowledge that his humanity kicked in and he didn't want to end up going to Sisara, so he did what he promised her. Her prayer sessions are well done by His "mark" as he placed it as a way to win her back when it seemed that he had won just to lose her. But this also shows more concern for himself However, it also helps Sarah Brown to worry about himself because Sky will shut the missionary in her in order to return her lover. At least it seems that there will be a lot of changes by their union, except perhaps in recognition of others. But that seems to be all the proposals But serious discomfort: Acceptance is still a way to cry out of achieving happiness on the other side, each of which they seem to be significant by "chemistry" and behind all this I suspect Mankiewicz knows <br /> <br /> For everyone who might say to protect the Guys and Dolls, but still can't expect from the musical in depth, I want Remind them only. Cabaret, penny opera, carousel, stars are born, even music, which I don't care much. (And another person can add to this list without having to go ahead to the cabaret after the musical) all wrapped in beautiful music and dancing around the frightening anxiety
