It would be easy to call the great Guys and Dolls. It has Frank Sinatra and Marlon Brando (and in contrast to Sinatra's original cast of the cast). One to the other, with only a few interruptions And most songs tend to be fun and catchy and show with winks and nods for the wonderful escape that exists in their own way If it wasn't great, like everyone else in the family, it should not be any fault of director Joseph L. Mankovice is not just all the songs that click and the little dialogue feels like it's being shown on stage opposite the movie. (It's hard to tell all the time - Brando and Sinatra straddling the line often have to look carefully. One plays for the camera or for the "stage" while the actors play Adele better for the stage than the screen) <br /> <br /> The plot is one of the winners who works well for the duration, even if one. Wondering how its influence expanded into She's All That 1999's favorite (not too good, but close), the gambler (and his 14-year-old fiancé), played by Sinatra, wants to host a big event. But was told "The heat is in" which means the police are watching. Therefore, he has only one option to host the game with a thousand dollars tab. The only way he can get is to make a big bet with fellow gambler Brando, who is assigned to work hard from the mission. It helps to predict the twist of the story as soon as it turns - back - facing the back of the character's charm, the strange habits of people from the streets. (The gangsters and dancers and "saitn" played by Jean Simmons For Brando) it is a basic idea about the whole world of men and dolls and how to balance things with one thing - clearly without having to marry or compromise too. <br /> <br /> Mankiewicz brings energy. Come to Even while still keeping the camera and his stars shaken properly, Hell, even Brando, did a great job of music because he was more than just an actor, how to show and sing and Star quality. In the end, the story and characters will end up in what you hope will happen and that is good. All we ask for - and what we get - is entertainment in things that are witty, involving conversations and music and dancing that makes the house break down. (My favorites are numbers with cats, cats at the club. Good luck. Lady and two numbers at Havana, Cuba) A-
