This is the masterpiece of Frank Loesser, in the lyrics that are fun, talented themes and strong construction by those who adapt Damon Runyon's material to be "books" of musicals. Surprising things about the movie. This is a smooth musical number from the story. Abe Burrows made a book with a donation from Loesser Michael Kidd as a trainer and an outstanding art direction supported by Joseph Wright. Rail can tell in two sentences. Nathan Detroit, played by Frank Sinatra, needs cash to use as a funding in his permanent floating crap game to make fun for the Big Julie Boss in Chicago mob. He bet the player who has the odds of Sky Masterson presented well by Marlon Brando that he can't get the Salvation Army girl to go to Havana with him. Masterson wins gambling. Save the mission. Fall in love with a young woman. Get a gambler and audience Shit game to join the service and tell everyone that a woman can't have his charm - a complete lie. Of course, he and the woman; And Detroit marry a long-suffering fiancé, Vivian Blaine, others on the team, including Stubby Kaye, Johnny Silver, Robert Keith, BS Pulley as Julie the Mobster, Sheldon Leonard, Regis Toomey, Mary Alan Kokanson, Kathryn Givney as Salvation Rescue Leader, Veda Ann Borg and Jean Simmons as Salvation's new army man, Sarah Brown. The famous musical numbers on Broadway that received this award include "Fugue For Tinhorns". , "Guys and Dolls", "Luck Be a Lady", "I'll Know", "One can develop a cold" and "The game Faber crap floating Permnanet the oldest in New York! "Joseph L. Mankiewicz from" Cleopatra "and" Letter to the Three Wives ", the famous prosecutor; And the flow of work is interesting and continuous success He has expertise in getting good conversations and directing many performances, such as "Luck Be Lady", a challenging and varied quarreling section. "A Woman in Love" at Havana was created for movies that preceded it. The title song "Guys and Dolls" and "Pet Me, Poppa" are located in the club where Blaine works. The show is quite uneven. It seems that Simmons will be wrong sometimes. Brando is involved in singing and is a very good story about instinct, charm and acting, even in comedy. The Sinatra scene is trying hard. But guilty for the role for many reasons, such as Nathan Detroit; Blaine is too much of a drama in selling numbers, which of course she sang like a pro. Leonard, Toomey, Kaye, Keith and Pulley do what was asked and others in every point. The chic opening and closing makes it work. good Overall, this movie is the victory of Loesser's gentle and cute lyrics for director Mankiewicz as a music director and for the genre of musical theater in righteousness. So in this case Pleasant and very different
