This musical is not as I expected earlier because there are not many scenes between Brando and Sinatra. Since it was based on the story of Damon Runyon, I was expecting a strange and surprising story that had one really good thing - when we found out that Sinatra's gang used the Salvation Army office for the crap game while Brando In Havana with Simmons if it came at the right time as well. When Brando brought her back, I didn't expect much from Brando as a singer. But he surprised me He's not great. But he did well in the role However, the large amount of him in the sewer along with Sinatra's remaining man is the only place that I feel that Brando's voice is weak. He doesn't have the power that needs the highest point. Overall, I found the scene between Brando and Simmons full of electricity, something I didn't think would happen when we saw Simmons by herself for the first time, and later when we got to know. With Brando in one of his restaurants, it wasn't until Brando went to her office that the story came to life. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, Frank Sinatra was even flat on his performance. And Vivian Blaine that I have never heard before But that I think playing Broadway seems to slow the proceedings The scene between her and Sinatra is clear. In addition, her music feels weak for me, both in the development of the story or the character. Moreover, all the numbers of Goldwyn Girls seem to have shoes stuck there. For example, when Frank meets Brando in a nightclub, we just cut off the process of showing the cat number - and then it will cut back to those who continue as if there was no dance number at all when Brando. And Simmons is on the screen, I have a good time But every time we go back to Sinatra - Blaine, my level of interest decreases. <br /> <br /> For music, there is something good, especially the first number with Stubby Kaye, Fugue. for Tinhorns number (Can Do!) That is a great song and reminds me of the first song in The Music Man - Cash for the Merchandise ... whatever is called And the number of drains - I can't help but think of "cool" from the west, which made me one point. I don't like the art direction in this movie. Times Square is a fake that attracts its own attention. Likewise, for the Havana sequence and especially the sewer I went back in 1955. Most musicals were filmed in scenes, but things were changing - for example, the carousel used to take pictures of great places. Even in the filming scene in the Mahattan town in 1949, according to the time we reached West Side Story in 1961, it was something that happened in Manhattan to be filmed in Manhattan. So when comparing, Manhattan feels like being in Manhattan and looks too cute. And turning Lindy into Mindy - do they have to do that for legal reasons? Now I always think that the Guys and Dolls are musicals about Sinatra and Brando and their adventures with many girls. It's more important than that, which is its credit. The story is better than Les Girls, which is interesting in itself. <br /> <br /> One of my major complaints about guys and dolls, and I don't know if this is the place of the original stage performance, but when Jean Simmons realized that Brando didn't. Used to use money for gambling With Sinatra and even said that he lost the bet, she just ran out to him and we went to the wedding For me, the scene between Brando and Simmons will add to the story's impact. Seeing Brando around as she approached him would be a great scene. There was a scene in The Music Man (SPOILERS AHEAD) when Harold and Marion had that couple while he waited for her to change. She was upstairs in his house. He was on the sidewalk. He sang 76 Trombones. She sang my good night. Suddenly they switch and sing each other - a beautiful way to convey their cross to each other. It was a highly emotional moment of the film. However, Guys and Dolls have a lot of things going on.
