I was fascinated by the strong approval of (Or sympathy!) Sinatra in other reviews here. I've read elsewhere that Sinatra has never forgiven anyone for * not * being selected as Sky Masterson. <br /> <br / > OK, who else does not want to be a Sky actor? It's a good part: a charming, successful gambler who made a serious mistake when he allowed himself to be sucked into a bet in which he had to take Salvation Army Sargeant Sarah Brown to date Cuba or lose. Not money? Is proud But he and she met their partner Meanwhile, Nathan Detroit must juggle his long-suffering fiance with Adelaide by trying to find a spot for the craps game that will make him rich if it doesn't make his fiancé Delicious, ever before The short story series by Damon Runyon: That is your unique dialogue and the name of his great character and that is his horse racing / night club / night world. Then it became a stage and you couldn't help but feel that in the form of movies never left the stage. Unusual fixed camera and setting remarkably? And not satisfied? Flat and innocent Fortunately, the music is very good. I don't care much. <br /> <br /> The thing I like the most about this movie is singing and acting of Brando (as as Sky) that is not a singer and Jean Simmons (like Sargeant Sarah Brown) Of course, putting professional singers into these roles will create better music. But the forgotten thing is that two great actors brought other things to the party instead: what they lacked in the ability of the sound that they created for their enjoyment, ability to perform and what so pity You are in the sky as he argues with Sarah for reasons, security, pipes and safety. You enjoy Sarah's loosening under the influence of the "milk" of Cuba. You feel the suddenness and passion of their scene in the courtyard with the bell ringing and an hour before the plane takes them home. That Sky is right, it is a "chemical" professional singer ?? Whether they are Broadway belters or smooth crooners ?? Can't be trusted to make this happen (And of course they didn't) I read somewhere that Brando criticized Sinatra because he didn't put himself in the role of Nathan Detroit. On the other hand, Sinatra is furious by Brando's four-time show. As a Brando fan (Is it shown?) I have to go back to the other side. But I can't imagine that this movie will be a very popular classic today if Brando and Simmons never come in. With their wonderful chemistry; Brando's uncertainty; The face of Simmons pink cheeks and brown hair, drunk and ashamed in a beautiful Cuban bar. I will always want a copy of this movie in case I have to feel good again. You will forgive me if giving some of Nathan (sleep). Talk 100% part. Flick out, but you won't. You won't. Oh, keep quiet and have Mindy's cheesecake again!
