I remember watching the Disney version, and now the view made me think that it would lose the magic. Many other actions that really came after Cinderella had left in reality. They lost touch over the years. Then I found that this production had an impeccable performance by Kathleen Turner as an evil stepmother and was borne by the essence of fantasy in the fantasy that caused me to fall. Under the spell from childhood <br /> <br /> The story of Cinderella, a girl whose father died and was possessed by her evil stepmother and stepson and wanted to go to the ball. For the opportunity The Freedom But this plot line is different in the classic fairy tale, making Cinderella (the real name is Zizola and being called Cinderella by her family because of being Her slave) stuck in his father's situation Gradually lost himself as an influential wife who managed him to play favorites with his wife and daughter, his steps to himself and tried to poison him. So Zizola went out to help her father by stopping her stepmother from Find another boyfriend at the ball by distracting people who come her way. The weary Prince Ong changed his heart from his dull life and fell in love with a mysterious woman in a strange dress (disguised by a water nymph named Mab) with rose petals for sandals. <br /> <br / > The thing that attracts me to watch in this movie is that it's mostly a traditional story in an old fairy tale that no one can compare. It does not weave a lie story like most Cinderella stories. It doesn't ignore any reason why Cinderella wants to join the ball and not show the shyness of the prince. Like the Disney version It shows Cinderella's unselfish heart, more than any other production and art. It's amazing! Every costume is beautifully crafted, especially the Zizola blue ballgown to match the marvelous beauty of Marcella Plunkett and the soft, soulful voice. <br /> <br /> I would like to recommend this movie for all People who are interested in the ongoing scene of dreams of interesting classic fairy tales. My only problem is that producers and directors do not compile other fairy tale series with the same elements and the fact that this film is not published.
