The first step in getting out of the road leads to not knowing that you are on the road from the beginning. Then it becomes a matter of being assertive and taking positive steps to overcome the negative influences in your life that might put you on that road to begin. Which is what the Latin woman did in 'Girlfight', written and directed by Karyn Kusama. Diana (Michel Rodriguez) is an eighteen-year-old high school student from Brooklyn. Chase after the fourth fight in the hall from the beginning of the semester. She had an impact on the 'anything' attitude which concealed the deep-seated anger that threatened to take her to where she didn't want to go. She lived with her father, Sandro. (Paul Calderon) with whom she has an uncertain relationship and her little brother (Ray Santiago) With her busy life at the time of decay, she needs a way to turn the devil into a box. And one day she found it without even looking for it when she stopped by the gym at the miniature train Ironically, I don't want to be involved in boxing. He wants to go to an art school, but Sandro intends that his son should be able to take care of himself on the road and pay ten dollars a week for the cost of studying. When Diana convinces the trainer of the tiny Hector (Jaime Tirelli) to take her to her father under the mask, calling it a weekly allowance. (She didn't want him to know what she needed.) Mancini fell and told her to raise her own money. Finally, with the help of Tiny, she finds a way and the ring becomes her second home. It is an environment in which she is easily adapted and appears that her life is changing for the better. And the fact that she will have to fight with men, not women, in the competition, "blind people" does not bother her Diana discovered her element. <br /> <br /> The first writer / director Karyn Kusama performed an excellent job in creating realistic scenes for her story, presenting images of faithful life in the project and conveying despair. Familiar For many young people who find themselves in a deadly situation and on that road And there is no candy coating on it as well Hector told Diana when she asked him how he came to where he was. "I was an instant fighter. I lost my way." Then, looking around the gym that was bustling, "like most of these people, they lose. Too But it is all they know - 'and that is a faithful attitude, just like the way the characters express themselves, which makes this movie as good as it should be It's a cold world and doesn't get the attention of a dimly-lit gym. You can smell the boxer's sweat - and the feeling of loneliness hanging over it. Everything is like the crowd. The only thing they have is what they know. <br /> <br /> The opening of her screen makes Michelle Rodriguez the perfect actor as Diana makes her absorb with her. Deep and groaning in the waves, she is a real person who makes you wonder if it's true. How much Rodriguez? Where do the actors go and the characters start? What works? It is a powerful and memorable performance by the actors, which we will wait for the effort again with great anticipation. Of course, she will make Diana a good example, which many people hope to find inspiration and to realize that there are other options in life, at least for those who want to seek them. However, this film ends with an unclear message. Even though Diana placed the foot on the floor clearly But there is no indication of where she is heading Is this a short-term remedy for you or her intended to be a Hector's woman? In the end, reality (And due to the fact that realism is one of the strengths of this film) professional boxing is not a professional that lends itself and does not open arms for women And in keeping with the content of the film and the filmmaker's guidelines, the confirmation of the results of Diana's validation is appropriate Marisol), Alicia Ashley (Ricki) and Thomas Barbour (Ira), although it gives a true picture of life that many people can identify But there are some aspects of 'Girlfight' that stretch a little bit of credibility about what happens in the ring. Apart from that, it is a mostly positive movie that is a pleasant experience. I give this rating 7/10 <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
