As an important part of British pop culture as Monty Python and James Bond, the famous doctor for 26 years (1963-1989) made it one of the longest TV shows in the world. (Most publications are fortunate to have ten seasons) The plans to reboot the series are always on the BBC's agenda, and after the TV movie Mistake (not talking about Americanized) produced by Fox. Failing to capture the magic of the original version for another nine years) correctly before the Lord's best time will return correctly, courtesy of Russell T. Celebrity Davies <br /> <br /> Davies' ability to present that new character is in his decision. Rose Tyler (Billie Piper), a young London girl who brings normal life to One night she was attacked by living creatures made of plastic. She is rescued by a stranger who introduces herself as a doctor (Christopher Eccleston) and then disappears after playing: "Glad to meet you, get up and run your life!" With this "man" more, she found herself in a new world, including aliens, aggression, traveling through time and space, and of course, the police, searching for a box around them. <br /> <br >> The first 45 minutes of Doctor Who new at Almost perfect (Special techniques may use more scrubbing) because Davies stresses two things: the unique humor of both performances and the protagonists. The most intriguing feature of the original series is the combination of the exciting sci-fi and pure British comedies which are difficult hybrid if not able to be exported. Here, the laughter is linked to the dialogue between Rose and Dr., who becomes a fully rounded character after only one episode. Eccleston's doctor, technically, is the ninth person who uses the name. that But he separated from the previous eight nations by speaking with a northern accent (The people he uses on a daily basis) and show great reasons: "A lot of planets are north! "<br /> <br /> The real success of this episode is Piper's performance: in theory, Rose is in her late teens, so almost the same age as thousands of viewers who have never heard of. Doctor first The image of an ordinary girl who disappeared in a new and exciting universe, showing the reaction of the new generation to the return of the TV icon and the chemistry that occurred between her and Eccleston, a sign of a good old doctor. <br /> <br /> The first person, fifth place, ninth is no different: there may be others before Eccleston (and Piper for that), but together he is William Hartnell, Peter Davison and others of the bunch. Is a single character One that is so cool that he doesn't need a name: He is a doctor.
