Back in 2004, I saw "real" Tom Tywer's participation in Paris. When I saw it, I loved it and became excited. It turned out to be my favorite short film and made me appreciate this style a lot. Of course, I want to watch the whole movie and I will check if someone is stuck. <br /> <br /> Yesterday I finally saw it. Etiquette of the Internet <br /> <br /> First of all, that's all. I must say that it looks scary. Photography is beautiful in every shot, and the shortest is the worst - but still excellent and clear. Later, I read the trivia here and maybe it was a 6K scanning method that gave justice to all DP work. My special favorite was the first scene "Quais de Seine" (that sunlight!), Sin City-esquire ( But better for me) "Quartier de la Madeleine" and "Arrondisement 14" - but do you know what hell I am? Like them all: "True" or "Faubourg Saint-Denis" still makes me worried about those wonderful colors. (My eyes are shaking!) And "Quartier Latin" is trapped on the beautiful gold than I am very (And I mean a lot) like a combination that feels very successful You never have the same pattern or practice between two shorts, and I think this formula has enough limitations to let these artists explore the beautiful and deep inside the shorts. I love coming from the simple love story to the Chinese music craze in Paris with Barbet-Schroeder In social reviews, horror jokes in humble monologues I love the surprise! And this film has them! It's a good thing that they have the opportunity to let these directors' bodies come out, which is not normal in mainstream cinemas. (Which I have insulted heavily) but I can breathe the breathing space that these people have <br /> <br /> i like a little time and i love acting I love simplicity and I love love. I like the feeling of simplicity and beauty and integration, and in general it's a very good movie that can be seen alone or with someone. Just feel It makes me feel great For me, there are two shorts that are not the best - "Quais de Seine" (which is definitely a good habit and may be necessary. But felt like too much advertising) and "Père-Lachaise" that even though I like acting But I felt it was a forced issue But of course it's just me "Tour Eiffel" I don't love. But I think it may be because of the different feelings from Sylvain Chomet? I do not know whether this film has a special interest for people who already know actors and directors, and so they are happy to interact with them in a surprising story (look for Alexander Payne in the comedy role. ) And in general, in "What does this director do with this?" Good question. I like it a lot in that way. <br /> <br /> I repeat now: most shorts that I love. And they all came Mix together a beautiful and energetic. I definitely recommend this place. definitely!!! So watch it if you like beautiful, eclectic love!
