With the sunlight shining on a quiet Sunday that is about to wake up fully, love can be felt in the soft breeze that blows through my feet and can be seen in the smiles of the people I walk side by side. It's a perfect day for stopping for croissants and cafes before going out in the city of light and love. Of course, flying to Paris is not reasonable in the budget of a film critic that is humble, so I have to choose the next best thing is JE T'AIME Paris, 18 short films by many international directors. Each piece is named after a different Parisian neighborhood and reflects love. JE T'AIME pays attention to the most powerful emotions and persuades all humans to explore love in many stages of the game. The results were surprisingly romantic and consistent. And what better way than to show the nature of the fast-paced love and the moment that can change your life better than the collection that is taken. <br /> <br /> cite the poem Beautiful from above, taken from the Faubourg Saint Denis of Tom Tykwer Tykwer (RUN, LOLA, RUN). Use photographs and repetitions to show the cycle of love from the beginning to the decay. Originally filmed in 2004 and paired with this anthology, Faubourg performed Natalie Portman as the American actress Francine in Paris to perform in the movie Melchior Beslon as Thomas, the blind man she fall in love Here, the blind leads the blind through the most unstable terrain where two people eat each other to the point that their lives almost lose their existence. When love seems to have changed from the glittering sensation to dizziness, Tykwer reminds us of the tricks that we can play with our thoughts and the illusions that they can create when we are lost in doubt. <br /> < br /> Perhaps the Eiffel Tower of Sylvain Chomet, choosing the city's most attractive place for the city name Chomet (LES TRIPLETTES DE BELLEVILLE) gives us a little boy who tells the story. His parents met and fell in love. His father, a mime actor (Paul Putner) found himself in a surreal situation after another incident and he eventually went to jail. This is where he meets a woman who will become the love of his life (Yoland Moreau). The parody becomes an art that is about to die if it is not dead. But naturally, it's a dream and without problems Mocking a finger pointing to the absurdity of human behavior and what makes love make people look more ridiculous? We may find that there are special people in the least likely situation if we can take ourselves seriously a bit. <br /> <br /> Paris JE T'AIME makes a lively stream without focusing on love between Lover Three memorable shorts highlighting the love between parents and children. Walter Salles (Catalina was angry) singing to her child before she let him sing with the same song, with a desire far from the children she watched for. Nobuhiro Suwa (UN COUPLE PARFAIT) made Juliette Binoche strives to overcome the emptiness she feels after losing her son. Binoche says very little, but it's not surprising that she has a great ability. When she realized that sometimes love meant leaving, and Alfonso Cuaron (the descendant of men) weighed in with the constant firing of her father (Nick Nolte) and his mature daughter (Sara Martins). Together to be the first time in a long time We only saw them from across the road and we approached them because the distance between the two characters narrowed to a comfortable and acceptable place. <br /> <br /> The shortest to the screen. The last is Alexander Payne's 14ieme Arrondissement. As usual, Payne (Sideways) takes ordinary people and shows us what makes them special. Carol (Margo Martindale) is another American in Paris. She was there alone and spent less time than she liked because she had a dog waiting for her at home. She is a normal person with a life that is worthless, which finds himself in a rich and lush city. In the beautiful French American language, she reminisces about the sights and the presence of how she feels. This woman spent a lot of time trying to be happy despite the many disappointments in life, and when she sat in a city built for lovers, she realized that in reality she was happy and loved herself. Than you know She falls in love if only for a moment and lives and loves herself. <br /> <br /> The character that appears But disappeared in Paris. JE T'AIME found himself in the heart of a romantic universe. The moment they share each other, whether it is helping someone after a heavy fall or reaching your hand to another person, without touching them or without knowledge, they are a time of love. Outside the city of lovers, it may be an easy time to miss this. But we must remind ourselves of their importance It took a moment for the love to shine through the cloudy sky. You have to open your heart to see it. And if one city has a lot of love, everyone must believe that they can find a way to your door in one day
