Paris JE T'AIME is a film that shows respect for the city of light and the city of love, which is a complex movie that almost challenges the conclusion and review. Asked a large group of people impressed with life in Paris and the results are similar to this movie. This film examines the love of all forms, the natives in the form of Parisians and tourists who interact with the big cities. Approximately twenty writers and directors, each with a screen time of about five minutes, including Olivier Assayas, Coen Brothers, Sylvain Chomet, Isabel Coixet, Wes Craven, ALFonso Cuarón, Gérard Depardieu, Christopher Doyle, Vincenzo Natali, Alexander Payne, Walter Salles Nobuhiro Suwa and Gus Van Sant are well-known among others. The stories vary from hilarious to comical to tragic and gentle tragedies. <br /> <br /> In one story, a French man. (Gaspall Ulilel) was attracted to a young photographer (Elias McConnell) pouring his heart into French with only English-speaking young men. In another separate husband and wife (Gena Rowlands and Ben Gazzara) meet in Latin America to complete the divorce process, while another couple in Père-Lachaise (Emily Mortimer and Rufus Sewell) marries. Without connection until the spirit of Steve Buscemi in Tuileries faced superstition in the subway station with a collection of tourists in Bastille Sergio Castellitto (Leonor Watling's beloved beloved) ready to divorce his wife. Miranda Richardson Until she trusted her with leukemia Imagination and the loss of a son in Place des Victoires with the help of the legendary cowboy Willem Defoe, Sara Martins and Nick Nolte and Ludivine Sagnier show the wrong idea of ​​playing Parc Monceau, Fanny Ardant and Bob Hoskins Pigalle, Melchior Beslon. The chapter is a young blind man for the actress Natalie Portman to learn how to see in the Faubourg Saint-Denis, a love vampire between Elijah Wood and Olga Kurylenko. In Quartier de la Madeleine, Maggie Gyllenhaal is a patriotic actress in Quartier. des Enfants Rouges and Margo Martindale are service providers Travel letter for tourists trying to speak French that she studied for her life. Traveling in the 14 hilarious subdued areas, <br /> <br /> The last few minutes of this movie try to connect as many stories as possible. The film is long and has no bridge between many stories, which is a factor that makes the audience feel tired because there is no time to absorb all the action. But eventually showing great respect for the big city and supplying the audience with many vignettes that will come back to visit again as in the Paris timebook It's a movie worth seeing many times! Grady Harp
