I also took my 19 year old daughter to see interesting exercises in making movies. I always find it interesting to get the views and opinions from the new generation in the movie, especially when I am an insulting person. It is good to receive bad comments from those who have not yet reached. "Stay there, do that" in every movie she sees I am happy to say that we both enjoyed and regarded as a successful mother / daughter in the evening. Far better than to see some of the dead brain "Chicks" which I gather is what we should enjoy according to population data? <br /> <br /> Eighteen directors were asked to write a synopsis about the administrative district of Paris, a city I didn't visit in 20 years, but I hope I have They are connected loosely by joining the shock and showing different ways of loving the city that has been praised in popular culture as the capital of the important romance of the world. Some movies work better than other movies, but as other critics say. Some people are funny. Some people are sad. Some are interesting and some are normal. (I'm still trying to distinguish the truth in the hair salon of "Flying Tiger, Hidden Dragon"). Some people enjoy and may not. Assigned too many meanings (For example, vampires and tourists) may be my only criticism in this film is that it makes Paris look too good In addition, it can be cold, wet, misty, indifferent and miserable, or in the hot summer, baked and filled with many tourists that you feel like sardines can queue in to see interesting places every hour. But I'm picking up <br /> <br /> The thing that I like most is the movie Coen Brothers, which was filmed at the Tuileries subway station and starring Steve Busse. There are great actors as confused tourists. Accidentally found himself in love The most complete and very funny without Buscemi. Must say a word. I also enjoy a piece about two mime artists who are probably the closest movie to be cute - which of course wobbles on the edge of worthless art. But it is on the right side Rufus Sewell and Emily Mortimer received insights from the confrontation with Oscar Wilde's grave, causing me to be quite indifferent and Juliet Bunche trying to deal with The death of her little son I think both Bob Hoskins / Fanny Ardent and Ben Gazzara / Gena Rowlands were slightly bent, but Maggie Gyllenhaal was good (she entered the market corner in the garbage? I watched Sherry Baby last week) <br /> <br /> But I feel that both pieces "Social justice" (because it requires a better method of placing it) works very well. Then I meant the first film about a young mother who left her child in the daytime care to take care of other children across town. Then, a film about African immigrants who struggled on the edge of an indifferent society that was stabbed and died on the streets in front of a young new doctor. Another murder statistics in the world that saw thousands of immigrants die in struggling to get what they see as a better life every year. I think the two pieces are well noticed. <br /> <br /> The last movie, the 14th district, where Margo Martindale plays as a postal worker from Colorado, tells her first trip to Paris? In France that sounds bad? Went to her night school in a French class, moved me The perfect ending for good and interesting movies, if not great movies. <br /> <br /> Paris je t'aime is an ambitious idea. But it works well
