... for Paris as a moveable party "Ernest Hemingway <br /> <br /> It is impossible to count that immense talent has made Paris immortal in paintings, novels, songs, poems, short words, but Memorable and yes - the famous movie director Max Ophüls talks about Paris. <br /> <br /> "It presents a road along the road that is soaked under the street lights, breakfast in Montmartre with cognac in a coffee mug and Warm candy, gigolos and night whores. Everyone in this world has Two births: His and Paris "<br /> <br /> Paris is always associated with love and love, and" Paris, Je T'Aime ", which is called" Petite romances ", is a collection. Of short films are usually drafted from 18 talented people from all over the world. In each, we are familiar with one of the cities of Light 20 districts and with Parisians of all ages, ages, colors and related backgrounds. Love in various forms and steps in "Little Love". We are witnesses of unexpected encounters of strangers leading to interest, intimacy and relationships: like Podalydès and Florence Muller. In the Montmartre street, in the opening film or for Cyril Descours and Leïla Bekhti as a white boy and a Muslim girl with cross-cultural love directed by Gurinder Chadha. Started in Quais de Seine. I will include it in this category. "Le Marais", a boy, po takes his heart to another child, confesses the unexpected unexpectedness by asking for permission - never realizing that the goal he is interested in doesn't understand French. <br /> <br / > Some articles are painful and gloomy in Walter Salles and Daniela Thomas' Loin du 16ème, Catalina Sandino Mareno (Oscar, who was first nominated for a graceful Maria) as a single mother. Working class Working as a nanny in an affluent neighborhood. Her children every morning before she goes to work One of the most memorable and miserable movies is "Place des Fêtes" by Oliver Schmitz AïssaMaïga and Seydou Boro acted as two young people for loved ones. Have a promise of it But it was cut short due to hatred and intolerance that existed everywhere and the city of love and light was no exception Another true story is "Bastille" written and directed by Isabel Coixet, starring Sergio Castellitto, Miranda Richardson and Leonor Watling Castellitto. Out of love with his wife, Richardson, but when he is ready to go out with a beautiful woman Bad news from doctors, his wife arrived ... <br /> <br /> I can reflect all 18 small jewels. I like some people Others feel weak and may be forgotten shortly. But overall I am very happy that I bought the DVD and I know that I will go back and watch my favorite movie again and again. They are "Place des Fêtes" that I have already spoken. "Père-Lachaise", directed by Wes Craven, associated with the ghosts of one of the smartest and smartest people of all time, Oscar Wilde (Alexander Payne, director of "Sideways"). Who can help one with a penniless relationship? " The 14th district, "a middle-aged man who is lonely from Denver, Colorado, explores the city on her own, voices in French with a heavy accent. Payne's list is one of the most moving games As well as the hilarious "Tuileries" by Joel and Ethan Coen (anyone else :)) Steve Buschemi is my favorite In shorts, both American tourists sit on the bench (Margo in the park and Steve in Paris Metro after visiting the Louvre). Observe the life around them with different results, while Margo might say " My feelings are sad and light. My sadness is bright ... "Steve's character will find that sometimes even the most comprehensive and useful tour guide does not help tourists. Avoid doing things in different countries.
