Just saw tonight at a seminar on digital projection (taken at 35mm and the first fully documented film in 6k that specializes in 4k and projected with a 2k projector at the ETC / USC theater in Hwd). Very much for technology, 18 directors (including Alexander Payne, Wes Cravens, Joel and Ethan Coen, Gus Van Sant, Walter Salles and Gerard Depardieu, who are many French / international directors) spent 5 minutes in Creating a love story They come in all forms and styles with well-known actors (Elijah Wood, Natalie Portman, Steve Buscemi .. Hilarious ..., Maggie Glyllenhall, Nick Nolte, Geena Rowlands .. So she actually Wrote a chapter in which she was in Msr Depardieu and many good international actors, stories from strange love to Alex Payne's quirky comedies about the touching experiences of women who found themselves with Van Sant and one of the things that happen everywhere (With English subtitles) and speak a little English, although it may be relegated to the art house (la la Diva). In addition, there is only one piece that may be considered "experimental" but colorful and funny. Also, a simple study of complex relationships sometimes is easy to follow (unless "one experiment" will make your wish about the formula successful). Sorry for my bad ... I admit that I was affected by passion. In the cinema .. when there is a presentation in something other than sympathy I also laughed in a mime like I never saw. (Thank you for that!) This movie has been the most popular for me, somewhere that has gone through more than halfway, and the last two sequences have once again picked up the beautiful pictures of Paris at night. Lush romance is often used for good effects, not just the "mood" in the sound. In general, it is a good movie, although some images look soft when not intended. (The main character in the shoot / scene) The story of each movie is good and the overall structure, though quite long. (They separated from the two stories to be 20 movies, but said that everything is on the DVD.) It seems to be different between the tone of the movie to maintain balance. Not sure when it will come out. But is a good study about making 5 minutes of movies and sometimes things that are not effective (If it covers too much time, emotions for short films) should be in the region. One when launching But they don't know when
