Robert Altman is my favorite American director. I have to admit that I am happy with movies that are often insulting: "The group" If only for me to be happy to see Brigitte Fossey growing up and beautiful "HealtH" for having Lorraine, Carol Burnett, Alfred Woodard and Glenda Jackson, all in the same chapter; "Popeye" for a beautiful and surreal world. Olive Oyl of Shelley Duvall and the excellent location of Malta "O.C. & Stiggs" for anti-offers "Flick the Teenager"; "Beyond Therapy" for the insanity and appearance of the Genèvieve Page, whose all her efforts in looking at the Parisian style were used for imitation ... I was happy with a TV movie. And "automatic washing machine". When there are not many plans to develop in his movie, you have a great performance from Burnett, John Travolta, Kim Basinger or Jane Curtin. I know and enjoy the methods and words. Pray He's different from the culture of the United States. It's a shame that his genius is not popular and he is often forgotten when giving awards and awards to Americans. He is not the main stream of dreams. He is a loner. So it's not surprising that I find many bad reviews posted here about "Gingerbread Man", which is his most important effort to date and to my knowledge I do not know that there are many people who think like Leonard Multi who doesn't like Altman. In this case, we may not like "The Gingerbread Man", but for me, the reason is related to Grisham rather than the director. Some of Altman's trademarks are here: temporary conversations, excellent performances, funny lawyers offices with receptionists and general respected secretaries. While some people find it boring, I find that the first performance is interesting. Thank you for the great movie of Changwei Gu, who shot "Red Sorghum", "Ju Dou" and "Farewell My Concubine". Show us the same things we see in other American movies. But under different light through his "foreign eyes" almost everything looks new and different In this first act, things are realistic and true! Wait until you are old You may have problems if you fall under the spell of a younger and beautiful person like Embeth Davidtz. I know by myself what I have done by people younger than me! Then you have Robert Duvall's scary and mysterious nasty character while the storm Geraldo is threatening Savannah. The second act was fake and a bit funny because Altman might make a smile. I remember laughing loudly many times with his ridiculous words. I think he is using a little Brecht, causing us to muddle, prepare us for the third series, which is a normal Hollywood hobby. Altman works with expertise. As a wise and wise director, he was fortunate to not be in the trap of current action movies. He is directing the story of lust, greed and death. I'm not a bit disappointed with the movie. If I let it be nine instead of 10, that's because American readers Grisham made him the best-selling writer. Why do I have to complain? Perhaps we should thank Altman for showing us the seams in his story, dullness, smoothness and ignorance of all of them. However, he did it with lots of gusto and humor that I couldn't. But disagree with negative comments For me, these people see another movie ... and vice versa.
