Robert Altman should not create a movie like this. But the fact that he did - and it turned out to be a great thriller and had a sensible wound in Grisham's paperback tradition - demonstrating the commendable versatility of Gingerbread Man. That he was not always successful, or at least not the first thing in his checklist as the director: planned to have one of the big and juicy plots of boilers that the lawyer had Well, being caught with a hopeless low-class woman, and then a nefarious figure that the woman is involved in entering their lives in the most staggering ways, twisting and plotting Yada Yada. And surprisingly, Altman wants to do one of the following: "I see that coming from there!" The ending or just a semi-normal thriller. <br /> <br /> But it's surprising because it's strange enough. Altman is able to capture good behavior. Very or may not be intended Seduce it out of a series of very good actors in the environment of a small town in Georgia. The film drops into the atmosphere. (If it is not a great craft, sometimes it is good and sometimes suitable for Altman) because Savan should be hurricanes and swamps and rain makes things wet and moist. Therefore the atmosphere is very powerful But there was a performance from Kenneth Branagh (sometimes), Mettler, Mith, Davitz as 'a woman' that Branah's lawyers had attached to him and Robert Downey junior A private investigator in Branaugh's employment. I don't care about Robert Duvall, who in just five minutes of the screen makes an indelible impression to hang a bad image of the picture? <br /> <br /> As mentioned above, some parts of the plot are slightly weak or just standard. (The lawyer was divorced, the bitter confined struggle, innocent looms and stupid children) but at the same time I thought Altman saw. There is something fascinating in the darker things than any other Grisham works that are outstanding. If it is not all good, it can still be used in conditions that are limited to what will happen next.
