Steven Spielberg wants to win an Academy Award that is so bad that he thinks he won't win by controlling special effects. (He was nominated for three: "Close Encounters of the Third Type", "ET: The Extra-Terrestrial" "Raiders of Lost Ark", so he decided to take seriously the "The Color Purple". Which is a retro movie with no special effects, the first serious drama of Spielberg is an amazing movie But those who have the right to vote for the institution Still not giving any respect to Spielberg, "The Color Purple" received 11 Oscar nominations, including Best Picture, but Spielberg was unfairly denied when he was not offered. Best Director's nomination The only Oscar, it was completely closed. That is not correct. "The Color Purple" should win two Oscars, including the award for the new movie Whoopi Goldberg, which was launched as a woman who suffers suffering. From an insulting husband (Posed horribly by Danny Glover) then received s tronger throughout the movie. Thank you for some special friends. Oprah Winfrey also released her film here and gave a great performance like Sofia, one of Celie's friends since me. Coming from Chicago, I know Winfrey from her talk show. (Which at the time of the release of this movie has not been around the country) as well as the Goldberg movie. Margaret Avery is a great person like Shug Avery, another friend who is the husband of her husband Celia. All three actors have been nominated for an Academy Award that deserves to be here (Goldberg for Best Actress; Best Actress) Winfrey and Avery for Best Supporting Actress) located in the south in the first half of the 20th century. "The Color Purple" is a strong film that makes me cry until the end. It makes me laugh too. Why the Academy voters are so hard not to offer Spielberg the best director, so it's a mystery that continues to solve my mystery today. But Spielberg won the Oscar two years later for "Schindler's List" and "Saving Ryan" made him one of the best film directors of all time. But he should be nominated in this film The work that he did from the movie special effects like "E.T" for serious drama such as "The Color Purple" is amazing. <br /> <br /> **** (from four stories)
