In Joel Schumacher, you have one of the most inconsistent filmmakers of all time. But this is general knowledge I think his main problem is the genre of the genre that he covers at the same time, at the same time unable to develop certain types of styles that may label him. Hitchcock likes his suspense and horror / thriller; Chaplin liked his comedy. Scorsese likes mafia crime stories among others, and Spielberg likes adventure movies with a large budget, which includes enough violence for adults and fun for children. Other more vague examples include Kubrick. And Welles that are too comprehensive to write about here. <br /> <br /> But Schumacher is a type of person who makes movies with flaws. According good idea or a really fun movie revolves around. The evidence seems boring. The fall has a good idea behind. But I found that it had flaws and resistance from having too many scenes that seemed to be funny Batman is a superhero. Recently, the popular movie in superhero has been very popular, so the way he does not manage to be one. But the two horrifying superhero movies are above me. From then on, 8MM came to a movie with basic evidence that performed in an impressive manner against Tigerland, which is Schumacher's best film from what I've seen in the past. My thoughts With the type of laughter war, it's not something you'll associate with it all the time I remember laughing at the ridiculousness of D-Day landing during the Private Save. Ryan: When I first watched this movie, I didn't have much knowledge about the Second World War when it was. Start and finish My eyebrows up, my mouth slightly opened with weakness. 'I don't want to believe that it's smiling' on my face. Needless to say, it was because of that movie that I searched out to learn more about the events and the overall war on Tigerland. You will be invited to laugh at the irrationality of the war through the Bozz (Farrell) practice. A brutal and ruthless soldier for the Vietnam war. <br /> <br /> But the smartest thing here is that there is no war at the jaw. Battle scenes and death and destruction Just a man and his fight with the system is mostly What he said and the courage that he had dealt with in his situation reminded the students of the winding of the very strict boarding school uniform. Tigerland may borrow a Full Metal shirt in the sense that it is a training routine for the Vietnam War. Others and supergos play more roles here. The sergeant superegos up against the Bozz, which the ego is very large. In addition, there is a third part of Freud's triangle that sneaks into Bozz: ID. Compared to other soldiers with a relatively large ego, Bozz is the only one who dares to show it in front of the military. That he allowed things that he should not do to float on the surface and show himself: "You're dead in this situation! "Yap, Sergeant." Have more questions? "" Yes, if I die. Why can I ask a question? "Bozz's response with punishment, such as push-ups and eating dirt, doesn't seem to mess him up in ID form. Actually, he likes punishment. <br /> <br /> In addition to the superegos, Bozz is trying to command a group of soldiers in field training. This is what the existing captain cannot do, suggesting that he lacks both the necessary work and the confidence to tell Bozz that he is in charge. The following is a real conversation between the Bozz and the training sergeants who gave him Christian names. This is where Wilson's personal character (Whigham) steps in: the anger and resentment that his Bozz cannot control for a period of time, which makes the final scene of the film a training scene in river Wilson is unable to control the impulses and dislikes Bozz and act. <br /> <br /> What I like about Tigerland is that it is shot in a brave manner. While lacking innovation, Tigerland seems to use a lower-grade film stock or a smaller camera to get a more sophisticated look. Do not make mistakes that this may be a beautiful movie with many colors and attractiveness. But we approach the documentary in the final step, making everything seem to be taken on a regular camera every day for the TV. The focus on the phone is clear as well. But Schumacher cleverly: He never allowed the film to become too much of a mockery while at the same time saying that the film's budget would be half of what it was. It is worth saying here that Spielberg said he wanted to save the private Ryan, it looks like a real reel or something along those lines and as if it were recorded from the war scene. <br /> <br / > While entertaining and entertaining, Tiger Land Is still a great study of what makes people tick Not necessarily in war But is the closest thing Education about a man and how much he hates the system that he can not take it seriously is as interesting as driving each soldier. There are many memorable scenes and situations that make you happy, if not endlessly happy, that will open your heart and make you think about what it might like in the army.
