The journey of the Bodacious Will and Ted is a journey through the existentiality of death, religion, heaven and hell, the pursuit of human fame and the fear of the body that was overcome by the spiritless machines. It is the most intelligent fiction work since Paradise Lost and references many great works of art such as Dante, Iron Maiden, Virgil, Shakespeare. This time, Drake is a famous rock band that travels through time collecting icons from the past. Napoleon Joan of Arc (Noah's wife) Oscar Wilde and Charles Darwin They used the skills learned from these people, kidnapped a few princesses and eventually learned to play guitar and write popular songs. These songs teach the world to love again and the war of hunger. We move forward quickly in the distant future, where the evil dictator who despises the great music called Simon Cow-Al wants to rule the world. He eats Rooshus (the coolest guy from the first movie that helped Bill Playboy Esquire And Ted Theodore Alvin) and received the power to send Cyborg twice. Cyborgs are living tissue over metal skeletons and coated with polyolefins, allowing them to survive from The tumult of time travel and they can mimic what their samples by physical contact. It's their duty to get rid of Biff and Fred well and take over their lives by making awesome songs that no one can do. By doing this, they will change the world forever - Gryll and Jed's songs will not be left outside the world of war, famine and hatred and pop boy / annoying girl groups. There was an astounding spiral while the good men were killed and they had to find a way to save the world themselves and their wives from Dopplebangers The evil that resides in their bodies <br /> <br /> Penelope Spheerhead shows you Knowledge of the culture of youth and true culture by mixing modern songs and phrases with modern backgrounds and artistic references and trying to teach us all things by delving into our hearts to show us. She presented a nightmare that faced teenagers in the late 1980s in a society that abandoned them and asked us to separate the Jesuitism, popular self-love and discontent of time. Charging us with the belief that we can truly change the world. It is an inspiring message. But in order to achieve this dream, we must explore and confront our nightmares. Overcoming is success. Overcoming death is the first step in real life, not just survival. In Kenneth Reeves- 'Wow!', The best scene: for fun in the game - see That there are a few songs, bands and albums covering references that you can see at least 6 movies
