This is the first American film to be successful in bringing the natural style that Europeans use, especially for French and Belgians for at least a decade and not about time, right? After three high school girls in Brooklyn's Crown Heights area during the summer holidays between the first and second years, it is something that every art should do: discover the universality in particular. Although the passion of young women is common outside - men, sex, popularity, money, freedom and clothing - we see how all their lives are shaped. Universal interface between characters and fate. <br /> <br /> All popular This film breathes in real time. The story tells itself. Media and its inventions for one time, not text. This film truly conveyed the feelings of the character's childhood. It does not define the meaning or ethics of adults. The details of their own appearances have never been driven and appear to be real and effective for exaggeration. Although it has been very painful to capture the social reality of Crown Heights, which is part of the largest black slum in New York City and is one of the most violent places in the United States. But the content of childhood in slums is not a slum itself. <br /> <br /> A documentary about the training of a band named Jackie Robinson Steppers, separating the movie at regular intervals with the explosion of color, movement and sound. Otherwise the camera will be very close, intimate, tolerant and unobtrusive. Language is naturally abundant, transparent performances Some scenes are distinctive, like the girls who giggle each other, revealing her deepest imagination. Lanisha's confession that she accepts death with random violence is one of the most shocking things in the footsteps. The deepest scar of the ghetto Sharing the confusion and fear with her mother before the challenges in adult life are equally and beautifully animated, not confirming the truth. <br /> <br /> Social reality is respected. Not propaganda: The three girls, Mother Lanisha, the only one who has a father who is active in her life. (And not accidentally accidentally in those three people, she has the highest emotional stability and empathy for others and is the most self-respecting person). Two of them suffer from asthma, a disease prevalent in Gunfire's inner city, an event That happens every day which is acceptable But only for a moment that interrupted their conversation There is only one girl, Joy feels hope and feels that she can control the future, while the other two are different, accepting despair. <br /> <br /> This is an American movie. One of the most remarkable Have been seen for many years Watch it, see it, watch it
