I reflected back to the day I held my girlfriend's hat to smell him into my life alone when I was 16. The small moments of this movie were accurate and up to date. Mind and heart Young girl in the age of teenager Now, at my age, I want to teach them about their decisions and life at that time is not as important as it should be at every moment. If they can endure at a young age and wait to experience the difficulties of life both inside and outside that life will be more sweet But today, young people again face some variables that I never have to deal with. <br /> <br /> Three main characters played by three actors (Kerry Wahington - Lanisha, Anna Simpson - Joycelyn and Melissa Martinez-Maria) allow us to see the credible images of young women living in Poor situation They have a poor family, with only one mother expected from Lanisha, whose father is. But did not support her every day Poor education system and lack of direct contact with achieving examples These situations have a huge impact on them and their truth. But all of this is not a great concern for these young women each day. They exclude their fate and focus on the same things that young girls around the world worry about. Finding true love in men has good friends that you can rely on to receive respect / love and responsibility from parents and enjoy life. This is the film across the race, age, and gender gap set by its characters and the setting with the seal. <br /> <br /> Director and writer McKay explains about DVDs, how each scene came into his head, just by observing young people of that era who lived in that neighborhood You also add three or more female actors who are not far from that time in their lives that you will receive the power of truth and the best performance. One thing I know about (African American and Hispanic) is a member of a spiritual family or a neighbor in the foreground or near the ground, believing in a better day and a better life and future even in the current situation. Modeling with boundaries This thing never touched in the movie so that it was not preached and I understood that But it makes culture no hope for anything other than myself. <br /> <br /> Hope factor: Now I miss my future and come from and speak as Lanisha did today as a good day. 'Yes, poverty still exists, racism, sexism and other creeds that we can increase. Yes, some actions of these young women cause stability and self-destruction. Everything around them is poor. But none of those actions in the past or the present or their environment had no hope for a bright future I was left with the sad hope of each character and the deep desire to be a role model in the lives of some girls on the edge of a devastating decision. I think that is the value of movies that not only But create entertainment only But also makes each of us think, ponder and act positively to make this world a better place. <br /> <br />
