"Some days we will walk in bright sunlight one day when the world is very bright." - 5 step staircase "Ooh Child" <br /> <br /> Movies about black teenagers are often associated with inner cities. Drug cartels or violence against hip hop music Movies about the problems of daily life in teenagers in rare inner city areas But there are unidentified gems that I would recommend Our song by Jim McKay was three girls in Brooklyn's Crown Heights department who learned that their high school would be closed because of asbestos removal and had to make decisions about their future direction that might involve go separate ways The story has been told from the perspective of a 15-year-old boy who doesn't come from an adult who thinks about the past in the age-old movie. Avoid slang on forced roads and excessive use of F words. It gives a faithful and captivating picture of three friends at the intersection in their lives. Girls: Lanisha (Kerry Washington), Joycelyn (Anna Simpson) and Maria (Melissa Martinez) is in their second year at high school. They are the active members of Jackie Robinson Stepper, a real-life marching band that practices labor day parades with discipline and purpose in life. <br /> <br /> This movie Similar to George Washington's George Washington Green But with less style, this film shows non-professional black and Latin actors with Kerry Washington as outstanding. While the show had a period of inexperience, I was involved in a story that I forgot that the girls were performing. Maria's father, in prison, learned that she was pregnant by Terrell, a local student. She wants to have children with the fact that she is only 15 years old and knows that Terrell may not have much help. Joycelyn works in a large clothing store. But the dream of becoming a singer In a terrible scene in her bedroom, she pretends to talk to her fans and lie down on the bed to recite her poetry. She was close to Lanisha and Maria at first, but floated to find a friend outside the area. There was no girl who received so much support at home and called Luo more than to tell her mother about her child. Nonetheless, single mothers are not ordinary people. They are warm and loving parents whose time with their children is limited due to pressure from family support. <br /> <br /> Lanisha's parents divorced, but she was able to visit her father, the watchman. Doors in a luxurious apartment building and talk about music. Her mother was comforted when Lanisha knew that a friend in the neighborhood had committed suicide, which is a plot about the truth in a realistic movie. When the summer ends, the girls are separated and each person decides to choose a different route. There are no remarkable moments. But only the sad recognition about the inevitable change Although we are not blind about the disappointment that might wait for them. But we can identify with their hopes and dreams without having to look at the negative world Our music is a movie that creates a satisfying mood about growth in a project that refuses to see life in other ways besides the possibility.
