When you start to see a masterpiece animation, you will notice quickly that it is European production. Although the Europeans collect ancient groups that you often find in American production. Unfortunately, most of them disappear. One of them is that there is an overwhelming evil that our heroes. (Very little and not very likely) only to be able to overcome Another thing is that one group in the business for money is greedy, running away when heating up. In any way give to his better nature This movie is probably better if not both. <br /> <br /> This movie was made from a TV series that was released four years ago. TV-Series is a cartoon and not a computer animation. At first I thought the computer would kill the charm and character of the plot. But I'm confident quickly: Anyone who knows the animation of him or her! Although the characters are clearly visible characters (In the slides, they didn't look real) but they looked lively and enthusiastic when the audience followed their mission. Character creation that follows "normal" standards may be considered unusual. (Those small legs cannot hold a giant figure that can jump out) and live and be cute than "just highlights"! Creating the world is another masterpiece. Not so much because of its appearance But because of its creativity The world that our heroes travel is not as stable as our own. But made from many lands of different shapes and sizes that seem to float in the air When people stepped on the ground that was smaller, it nodded a bit as if carrying the weight. In some cases, up or down is not used anymore. But our hero is still able to master somewhere Although the world of floating islands is completely surreal. But in this movie it is very reliable, and after a while it doesn't seem strange to run into a car somewhere in New York. <br /> <br /> I wrote that the look of the world is not amazing. As you think According to the reality that may be in my heart, the quality of the world, the characters and the attention to detail are staggering. Although the character's face has quite a few features But able to read emotions clearly as the face of Sean Connery or Dustin Hoffman's face. The world around the characters has great colors and no settings are the same The background is always moving, something happens that makes the world look more lively. If you stop watching movies and look at the background, you will be surprised by the amount of detail you can find. <br /> <br /> Hector's existence makes Cherry on top. Hector is a "small" furry thing (probably the equivalent of a dog in our world) that is the most cute and funny. Although he doesn't matter with the main plot But he missed the same as Scrat in the ice age The great thing about Hector is that you have to talk about gibberish to understand him. <br /> <br /> If this movie is great, why don't I give 10 stars? The plot in itself is quite skinny. Two hunters were sent out to save the world from the evil dragon who wanted to swallow the world, not the original, which in itself would not be a problem. What I missed is basic information. What kind of dragon is this and why is it like that? I like the legendary story But if they look too thin, they seem to be written after the film ends with a weak effort to give all the depth. <br /> <br /> Another thing I don't like is Zoé. Small like you might look cute But she was quite painful in this movie She continued to tolerate all types of learning about reality, dreaming of some heroes from story books and making others generally slow down. She would be okay if she developed more and a little faster in the movie - or started less for women. For me, the idea of ​​this woman who was there to twist the story to the writer. <br /> <br /> All of this is a really good movie for all ages.
