My first impression is that this is Beowulf. Only the good part of the battle. Grendel and the unstable dragon made the thrill from the beginning to the end. Written by Frederic Lanoir and Arthur Qwak, they both created a strange landscape that Became a character in their own story, with an ever-changing environment consisting of small lands floating around which could be a desolate land or Globe <br /> <br /> The story of this story is a simple story that tells the story of a land full of expectation that the great dragon will visit to rob and destroy and all the knights who live. But was destroyed. Enter the granddaughter of King Zoe (Marie Drion), who gathered Lian-Chu (Vincent Lindon), a brute animal with enormous strength But a gentle giant and true Gwizdo (Patrick Timsit), who is his partner, witty, Lian-Chu and Gwizdo (together with their pets who are proud to fire) share their dreams together. Own the land on the farm and spend a wonderful day taking care of their farm animals in retirement. But to do that Free financially, so their careers to get rid of unpaid monsters. <br /> <br /> That's just all the important parts of it. But what makes this film to be watched is its strong CG graphics. Enriched with amazing and amazing details that are seen It has a carefully crafted action scene designed meticulously to draw you into action scenes and during the fighting scenes that have boring moments. The realistic moments in the photos of non-existent landscapes make you abandon the imagination of faith and it's easy to live in fear of the landscape, in addition to the usual three suns and the kaleidoscope of things. Can fly!) And I can't fight in the final scene as well, although the typical bat bat will find some mistakes from the destruction of the main characters. <br /> <br /> I guess That this movie opened my eyes, there are many computer animation companies around the world that have quality in their products to match Pixar's And this is the movie that the local filmmakers of Zodiac: The Race Begins and Legend of the Sea can learn from ?? To make the story easier, more efficient, and let your moving art say everything Highly recommended!
