The most interesting thing about Miryang (Secret Sunshine) is the actor Jeon Do-Yeon, while Lee Shin-ae, the main character, is a woman with a small son whose husband died from a tragic accident and caused Seoul to live. In Miryang, which is his hometown with her young son. Jeon's face has changed a lot. She is a flirtatious, flirtatious, old-fashioned and sad, hopeless and joyful boy with it and very lonely from turning and everything is in her face. The film also starred Song Kang Ho while Kim, the man who met her when her car broke down in Miryang, happened in the garage in the city and followed her all the time, even after she didn't. interested In his intention Sung is the greatest star in Korea at the moment. It is famous for working with Park Chanwook and Bong Junho. (Expressed sympathy for Mr. Vengeance; Memories of the Murder and The Host) and also here he played as a character that was almost thrown into a forgotten man But of course he makes him interesting and interesting He is a ballast that is necessary to prevent Jon Loi's character. <br /> <br /> Lee Shin-ae is a piano teacher. She came to a new city, a neutral place, a poor city in Seoul. "Like anywhere else" as Kim said (like he was like everyone else). Her little boy is cheerful like a little boy. But it also caused damage and was clearly withdrawn as well His father used to snore and when he missed him, he woke up and pretended to pretend. He went to school and Shin-ae met with parents and students and shop owners. There is a sense of place in the film, even though the place in the meaning "everywhere" people speak the local language and everyone knows everything and the origin of Shin-ae's Seoul will be noticed immediately. Is this life more ferocious than away from the big city and the complexity? Shin-ae seems to be unaware of the dangers she has. <br /> <br /> Something terrible happens. And Shine doesn't have to deal with it in the best way possible But it happened and she had to face the consequences But she can't She went to pieces. The perpetrator was arrested. But that is not comforting Eventually, she was very desperate. She agreed and met a new born Christian. The acquaintance pressured her to join. She finds peace and frees this thing. But when she decided not only But will only forgive the wrongdoer But still have to go to jail to tell him that the experience is full of innuendo and that it will destroy her over and over again She became bitter and desperate, and she no longer found consolation in religion. And it was worse. <br /> <br /> Jeon Do-Yeon gave her everything in this challenging and high-protein role. Lee Chang-dong may be a very good director. If Song Kang Ho's high-starring performer is very appreciative of him, it is convincing based on information from Scott Foundas of LA Weekly, Lee's first three movies, Green Fish (1997), Peppermint Candy (2000 ) And Oasis (2002) made him stand out as But this is not a successful movie as other Korean directors that I have seen such as Young Sang Soo, Bong Junho and almost all talented people like Park Chanwook. It may begin when the Foundas say "Elise, Asia is no longer here." Then "immediately and without warning" becomes "thrilling things". But seem to be random and not digestible This film gained popularity and lost momentum until the end, then unfolded without feeling the end. In addition, there are weaknesses in the action. Shin-ae takes a foolish opportunity with her son and makes bad choices all the time. If she was determined to be crazy like Betty Blue in Jean-Jacques Beineix's Betty Blue, which might explain her strange and erroneous choices, that's not what was developed properly. This movie is an interesting movie which is a nuisance movie. But it is a movie that causes suspicion and dissatisfaction after passing through a film about emotion Recently
