The Corean cinema is surprising for the audience that arises due to the variety of sounds and genres that you can find in the same movie. In the Koren drama, such as "Secret Sunshine", you will find funny pieces, exciting scenes and romantic moments "not only the tragedy in life But there is still a tragic joke, "said at one point of the movie that the characters interpreted by Sang Kang Ho in summary. But don't understand me wrong. The difference in the types of movies that are related to this story adds to the reality of the rich movie experience offered to the audience. Does not mean that it will lack unity But on the other hand, it is difficult to see such a painful and deep woman. <br /> <br /> Shin-Ee, who seeks a peaceful life too Her son in the hometown of her deceased husband gives suffering to the different faces of this film's unity. It is a real part that has been removed by the psychological explanation of every step that a poor mother is experiencing. Rejecting the loss of anger, faith and reality: This movie makes every step that the character skips and looks like a psychological catalog of every suffering moment that a woman can find. <br /> <br /> To accept what may seem like a thoughtful experience (The woman wearing the mask of tragedy, the man instead of humor) and to make the movie artifact touch you I must say that some parts of the movie impressed me. (Especially at first) especially those related to Chang Joan's inability to truly help those he loves However, the idea of ​​some movies is amazing and really surprising. (The scene in which the body was discovered in the big shot is amazing) The scene like "Secret Sunshine" is equivalent to "The Host" for horror movies or "Memories of murder" for thriller. These movies are the most original surprises, are beautiful and manage to give another dimension to the genre they manage. The only thing that "Secret Sunshine" forgot while the "host" forgot to be scary is to make the audience cry. : Bad points for melodrama But is a good spot for good movies
