Secret Sunshine shows the return of director Lee Changdong to the world of filmmaking after years of absence. There are three films that are critically acclaimed under his belt, so he serves Jon Doyeon, a veteran veteran and her talent that is regarded as Lee Shinae's main role. The following is a journey through the tragedy of women. One and explores her coping mechanism. <br /> <br /> One of the obvious things while watching Secret Sunshine is that it's not interested in following any specific directions. Users would rather select a category when necessary to convey what it's trying to convey. The following story is Lee Sheena as she moves with her son to Mina (which Sino-Koran translates into the secret of the sunshine). She moves to Milyang after her husband dies like a house. His birth, so this movie was born from the tragedy. And you think things might be better when you open a piano shop and meet a cute lady, Jongchan (played by Sung Kang Ho), but this is not a romantic comedy. <br /> <br / > As we (and Jongchan, stubborn) follow Shinae as she finds Milyang and the fate that is for her, the cracks in her armor become clearer quickly. She is a problematic woman trying to understand Her own strength to overcome the tragedy We watched the action and when she found it was not enough. The secret of the sunshine is still in accordance with the Artistian arch. But pulled back to the stomach, which may confuse some viewers, especially the ending But the current symbol of the novel is named Milyang, a discussion of sunlight and images used in This movie made me very satisfied when I started to think about this movie. <br /> <br /> Miss Jon is quite impressive, especially when considering that if the play is not good, it will become. Is a painful, fast-paced subject But she caught the difference of China's efforts to deal with her loss. Mr. Song has a role in this film less than other movies, but he plays the stage sufficiently and suits him. Technically, this film is well done in terms of classicism. No flashy beauty is used here. The director clearly tries to tell the story. I think my only real complaint and what may not be solved is that even if we spend time with Shinae all the time. But the distance between Shinae and the audience (or at least me), I think these things come from the nature of the work, because if all the attention is pushed out, we will not be able to see the problems that Shinae has prejudiced in. On the contrary, I never felt moved with Shinae's fate. Even with so many tears and surreal behaviors, <br /> <br /> All the same, this movie still Faber very impressed, especially in encouraging me think. About it, the additional meaning contained therein, and the clarity of tragedy, coping, self-deception, loneliness and beliefs attached to me after the credit has finished With strong leadership performance, I didn't notice the truth of running 2.25 hours, and that said something, well done. 8/10
