Secret Sunshine (2007) is famous for awards at the Festival de Cannes in 2007 and other film festivals, Jeon-Do Yeon, the new widow of Shin-ae, who won the Best Actress at the Cannes Festival for 60 years. Secret Sunshine is also the winner of the best documentary film, and Jeon-Yeon received the Best Actress from the Asia Pacific Screen Awards. In addition, the film received the Best Film Award at the Korean Film Festival, Secret Sunshine. And expertly guided and shot images that are unique. Secret Sunshine shows hope and salvation that can be found when life is painful because of the ongoing tragedy. The film also talks about God's forgiveness and the people, Lee Chang Dong, director and writer of the film said in an interview that "In a vast sense, I want to show what love is and this movie can be a melodrama. On the one hand, without love, we can't talk about hope and salvation." clear This film is not a film about religion. But attracted attention from many Christians in Korea because there were many Christian elements in the movie. <br /> <br /> The turning point in Secret Sunshine came when Jun, Shin-ae's son was kidnapped and killed. The kidnapper requested money because he assumed that since she could buy the land, she would be rich. Her lies make her very sad. <br /> <br /> Shin Ah becomes a church and wants to forgive the murderer. She decided to visit her son's murderer in prison and forgive him. Jong-chan, Shin-ae's friend, said, "Just forgive in your heart, must you go to jail?" Her church friends encouraged her and said that He will pray for her. Her pastor agreed with what she wanted to do. That was a sad time because it was too early for her to show. The result of meeting the murderer is another turning point in Shin-ae's life. The killer said with a peaceful smile that God has been forgiven. This spark made her angry with the Lord. She said, "How can you forgive this man before I forgive?" <br /> <br /> She started to fight with God. She looked up at the sky and announced that "I will not lose you." She became a snare. Her heart was a trap and her hand became a chain. It's more bitter than death. She became mad and crazy and was sent to a mental hospital on the day of Shin-A's hospital. She went to a beauty salon and saw a familiar face. The murderer's daughter, her son, worked in the shop and cut hair. The murderer's daughter helped kidnap Shin-Ae's son while she cut her hair. The protagonist Shin-ae couldn't understand what had happened and quickly left the store. <br /> <br /> It's hard not to mention. Jong-chan in the movie Jong-chan tries his best to be beside Shin-ae, even though Shin Ah doesn't care about him at all. But he was at her side all the time. Shin-ae quickly left the church, but Jong-chan, who started to enter the church because Shin-ae was there because he felt peace with God. Said that Jong-chan is like Milyang (secret sunlight), a rural town or vice versa. He seems to be "Lost and too frivolous But he is always behind her two steps and takes care of her. Milyang is like him. "Mr. Lee added," People joked that Jongjang is an angel. I think he should be an angel. Who knows, we can't speak. That there is no angel. "If there are people like Jong-chan that comes with twisting and changing his lover forever, we can protect ourselves from being overwhelmed. Shin Ae's life is full of meaninglessness. Her husband died after he cheated on her and her only son was brutally murdered by the murderer after she moved to her husband's hometown. And her soul was damaged because she learned Christianity in the wrong way and that made her truly mad It's too easy to say that her life is full of meaninglessness. Do you still have hope in life? Can she find the meaning of her life? The final scene gives us hope. Shin-ae tries to cut her hair by herself: We live our own lives. However, she realized that it was difficult to do on her own, and we knew that we couldn't do everything by ourselves. We saw Jong-chan holding a mirror for her as she cut her hair. That is her hope. She has Jong-chan beside her and he is happy to help her in every situation she is. As I have said, book as an angel for you. If we feel that the angel is beside us and behind us, we will find happiness in life, even if we face the misery of our lives. <br /> <br /> Secret Sunshine is a hot topic in Korea. It's like the Da Vinci code. While Da Vinci Code allows us to talk about the history of the early church, Secret Sunshine let us deal with the chaos of life and find meaning when life seems unbearable. With the interpretation of superficial movies that make people misunderstand Christianity and theology With more subtle interpretations, this film will help us see beneath the surface. Some people say that they stopped attending church after they watched Secret Sunshine and Lee Chang-dong responded, "They were anti-Christians before they watched this movie. Secret Sunshine is the story of a woman's life. one Our life through the life of Shin-ae
