The wonderful Secret Sunshine of Lee Chang-dong is the most emotional experience of the year. It is a merciless and honest character that is immediately brutal in the reverberation of loss and the magnificent memories that reflect the density of outstanding ideas. But still cannot be perceived as the emotion observed Through a natural perspective and an in-depth view of the dynamics of a small town, Lee decoded the structure of the Korean melodrama by extracting the difference of the excess film and tearing into pieces. <br /> <br / > "Secret Sunshine" is still a very interesting event in 142 minutes. The courage in the first hour is filled with profound wonder, remarkable predictions, and dramatic reversals. The tone of the occurrence of these changes sympathy. Adapted from a short story, Lee permeates this film with sensitivity to the conflict of sublime life, finally seen in cartoons and boasting "oasis". Understand how personal revolutions occur when our universe's perspective changes. Only But saw the emotional disaster of the widow's sadness through the scope of the inquiry But still felt the shoddy flow of the movie when religion became a scapegoat From human experience. <br /> <br /> Do-Yeon Jeon ("You Are My Sunshine"), the best actress from Cannes in 2007, deserves the award. Her performance as Shin-ae's widow is still a mystery. As a character that is separated by forces beyond her control, the true beauty of this performance is the heart of the turbulent nature of the film. When Jon wrote an essay on the turbulence of a cyclone, then there was a shaking feeling that the film would never go near. But found that there was a delicate balance that caused the drama to be charged and the stubbornness that followed from the general tragedy and its fall She became the center of the film's universe, just as we were filmed in the famous mobile movie CinemaScope. The film destroyed the structure of the film and its elements with a sharp eye, as if it had been quietly harassed when the camera refused to leave. Shin-ae through the moments of happiness, guilt and repentance> <br /> Lee collects the details of life in the suspicious small town of Miryang ?? The awkwardness of the situation in the community, the inconvenient silence and the destruction of it separated from the private drama. Shin-ae's interactions with the townspeople rarely inspired the dividend payment, especially when they were right. Forced to do for her son, Jun (Seon Jung-Yeop), a recurring acquaintance, is Jong-chan (Song Kang-ho), a bachelor's degree mechanic of uncertain intentions that helped her in the process To Miryang in the opening scenes of a fascinating film that is perpendicular to the flow of sunlight enticing. Song has established himself as the biggest anti-hero in South Korea's movie. But his low and important delivery here is a reference to the director's thinking process that doesn't have to be revealed more than absolutely necessary. <br /> <br /> If the pain is Temporarily, grief cannot truly be distributed. And Lee found the complexity of living when Shin-A tried to head to the path of compromise only to face the heartache that could no longer be imagined. She succeeded in her fellowship. Christian Christians to destroy her sadness But Lee knew better when he understood that religion in the context of the canvas of human conflict and misery was never an easy solution. But Lee never cursed the essence of religion because he realized the value of salvation for some people through higher powers, even though it was a form of rejection in others. The scene in the second half of the story about religion does not allow itself to become a scorn, which is a success in itself, based on the number of filmmakers who let the momentum of the content come from what they want. Will say that it is true and the characters <br /> <br /> Lee's first film since he was appointed as Minister of Culture and Travel in his country In a film that is artless and genuine, it reveals how difficult it is that nothing is as simple as an emotional stomach, just suppressing and reducing pain. "Secret Sunshine" gives us kindness and kindness, pulling out of despair. And pointing to a deep understanding of hopelessness and faith
