I didn't intend to write this review. But after reading the initial review shown in the movie's URL, I felt compelled to write an argument. The movie in the word is superb. It does not deserve the insulting criticism that writers write. I think the writer missed all the important points of the movie. In fact, I was closed by showing the devotion of the Christian people who possessed the film in the middle. However, I must ask that there is a difference with the reviewer in that matter. This movie ultimately is not a propaganda for the mission of the Apostle. I think what the director shows is that religion is not enough to find answers to all the ways in which religion is at a level that cannot provide answers to simple basic questions that one may ask. Just repeating one type or another This does not show the judgment of the value of religion, while we must remember that the religion is most commonly conveyed and expressed with good general meaning. Good people and they often do not have a monopoly. In truth In some questions in life Finally, it's a matter of faith. You have to believe and that's all. And if you get faith, you can appreciate any acting faith and if you do not receive faith, showing any faith is boring Therefore, at the same time, it is advisable to observe the reaction of the critic to the movie. In any case, the director shows us that we can choose not to accept the religious interpretation of the event and the answer to the question and even if the life continues. Go and have a 'secret sun' in this world that awaits all wounded souls regardless Their religious adjustment And that's just the main message of this movie! Please note the final scene of the movie if you don't get this! In the end, this movie is a great movie and has a stimulating mind and confront you - an audience with questions that you have to answer yourself. So it's a work of art that challenges you personally. I agree with the examiner on that matter. Religious things are too much. However, from the interpretation of religion as shown in the film, I think the director tried to maintain the balance of the actions he might not be called as a missionary? basher! The actor Kang-ho Song is as good as ever. He is balanced and perfect that he is just amazing. He is undoubtedly my favorite Korean actor. I know that actress Do-Yeon Jeon won the Cannes Award for Best Actress for this film. However, I didn't find any specialties in her performance. It seems like being rewarded, you just have to show clearly in the scene of crying and hysteria and all ?? Overall, it's a great movie. If you don't like it ?? Please see again and see how you get! If it makes you dissatisfied or uncomfortable or ask questions, think if that's not what the director intended to aim through this movie at first!
