Paul Verhoeven has one of the most bizarre works of major directors: he started making house movies in the Netherlands before moving to Hollywood, where he began to create subversive music styles that often In 1983, The Fourth Man was the last film he made before moving to the United States and seems to be a transitional film for him. <br /> <br /> The starting point of the film, The Fourth Man, it is clear that the film will see. From the perspective of a famous author, even though the poor Gerard appears to be a homage to Carol Reed's film. In 1949, the movie The Third Man, the movie begins with a writer traveling to speak to a group of people who like it. literature The similarities ended there, while Gerard met with unimportant complications before coming to the meeting room and his own words were quite smooth. In spite of the close relatives that he had done this duty, we knew that the composer was quite difficult because he had a realistic imagination about killing a roommate before leaving home and he had a surreal fantasy related to the hotel he saw. Advertisement Grew out of the door's photoelectric Sometimes he had trouble keeping his imagination separate from reality, making everything more clear when the little things he told were revealed to be true and he admitted that he "lied {s} the truth until {He} doesn't know what to do or does not happen. "<br /> <br /> The fourth man is full of dreams and dreams that make everything even more annoying because it's easy to see. That They relate to events that we saw happen, and sometimes they predict events that heaven has not happened. Between the effectiveness of unrealistic illusions and the editing style of Verhoeven's film, making this film the most atmospheric film of Don't Look Now and like this movie that is full of ambiguity Which is different from the movie The Fourth Man is a stubborn joke, like the Catholic belief that Gerard seeps into every aspect of his life, including sexuality He is connected to a female hairdresser whom he is intimately acquainted with the Biblical Delilah, although he is afraid that she will erase the symbol of masculinity with her scissors. In an erotic fantasy scene that will make Luis Buñuel embarrassed him instead of the one he attracted to be a statue of Christ's life on the cross. <br /> <br /> The fourth man is a horror film that takes viewers. In the heart of the helpers while still having some ambiguity: Surely it seems that Gerard is in danger. But it may be more His "lie of truth" is also full of subtle and subtle images that help make it a unique and satisfying movie experience.
