Watching DE VIERDE MAN (aka THE FOURTH MAN) is a slightly unstable and fascinating experience. It is a mystery / intense psychological thriller from Paul Verhoeven of the Netherlands. He directed this movie before he grew up with "Free tickets to Hollywood" - FLESH + BLOOD movies. In the comments of many users on this website, I noticed the mention of Alfred Hitchcock. This may be a Hitchcockian, but I noticed the touch of Cronenberg (internal organs), the taste of David Lynch (images that link the surreal stories) and even Roman Polanski (intelligent settings). The funny thing is the picture. The Directed by the director that I thought while watching DE VIERDE MAN was not created until after 1983, the year that THE THE FOURTH MAN was released after 1983, so think <br /> <br / > Must be credited with the story of the original novel by Gerard Reef. This movie is based on Gerard Reef is also the character name of the main character. (Writer who tortured the actors by Jeroen Krabbé, creating a balance in the dangerous genre of psychosis) And this film has many dreamy / nightmare sequences that often make you unaware that Gerard will always wake up or dream of himself This may be a coincidence ... maybe it's just me But I don't think so. Renée Soutendijk is quite amazing as a female leader. (In a more desirable role) sometimes she seems to be guilty of acting too (In a profound way) but that aspect is clearly intended to show the character that she plays because when the film continues, you are not sure what to think about this woman and her intentions. Once again proved that she was a great actor I might add that this movie has many scenes that show men and women full face, including the sex scenes that are quite clear. (And you'll notice that some scenes and aspects are Verhoeven's blueprints later on. INSTINCT basis) <br /> <br /> In another aspect, this film has symbols and references / biblical images. Which made the film hated thoroughly by the conservative / Catholic movement at the time of European release In any way, the movie has a value for the second viewing. Now people have told me that he has a lot of anxiety about DE VIERDE MAN. One of them is that this movie should be positioned in the position that it needs the intervention of the Virgin Mary to fix itself. I myself have a big problem about how the Roman Catholic Church used to be, and sometimes still show in many movies in all genres. (So ​​not only But when it comes to religious horror movies, but surprisingly, I don't have any anxiety when talking about the fourth man. Although the aspect of the Virgin Mary would make me scratch my head at one point But i enjoy it in some way I think the main reason why it doesn't bother me is 'being a couple' because this movie can work in two levels, although 'Heaven intervention' may alter the plot from the protagonist's point of view .. On the other hand: The film implies that all of this may be the lamentation of the crazy fanatic. And that is the fun part: you never know for sure And then there is a question: Gerard Reeve may have received a picture that is distorted from the story ... like getting ominous? At one point in the movie, Gerard tried to fool Christine into believing that he was a clairvoyant. The way he played Christine in that scene was great to see <br /> <br /> So with a fascinating story, a reliable show, and the right direction, De Vierman is an audience. Highly recommended Enjoy a strong European psychological horror movie), but make sure you see the original Dutch version. (Not the version dubbed)
