I don't know if I think it's a bad masterpiece or not. It is well built, suspicious art and complex plot, spiritual challenges and full of shining and bleak sex images. There are also great camera works from Jan de Bont, the atmospheric score from Loek Dikker and outstanding performances from Jeroen Krabbé and Renée Soutendijk, which is a backdrop that shows the execution of the 'femme fatale' that I have never seen. Before Like many other European movies, the film has a shameless and unjust attitude towards sex, nudity and sexual complexity, and has a reservation center about combining it with religious images and / or images. Surrealism In other words, if you can't bear to see the sexual desire of a young man with a carnal desire that sees his carnal desires while Jesus is crucified before they both go in Crypt Movie for you What surprised me more was how this strange movie managed to avoid complete clutter. It mixes fantasy-reality scenes, abstract / surreal / parallel and somehow makes it all work. Like a good mystery, you can see the pieces gradually falling while the movie goes. There is no resolution outside the area here. This film has no unnecessary filler directions and when it ends, you will begin to understand what may have caused you to be confused earlier. If you like Ken Russell and David Lynch's work, I almost guarantee that you will love this movie. If you don't know who they are, you may like it. <br /> <br /> I won't destroy this plot by giving too much detail. The spider caught its prey - set the stage as Krabbé, not shaven, narrow-minded, bisexual writer Gerard Reeve (interesting, the name of the writer whose novel is based) cross the path with the woman The mysterious mystery rich, named Christine Soutendijk, melding androgynous stylings with Simone Simon-innocence / the rather shocking cuteness) that may be the 'black widow' character responsible for the death of her three husband earlier. Both became lovers and moved together. But we were led to believe (Through the strange behavior of Christine and the frequent presence of other women - played by Geert de Jong - which may or may not actually exist). Surface. When Christine's lover Young and "beautiful" Herman (Tom Hoffman) appeared at home. Unexpected things and that's all you need to know. <br /> <br /> The fourth man is The success of large art houses in many parts of the world. Not sent to the United States until 1984, which he won. International Film of the Year from the Los Angeles Film Critics Association The most common video is the media launch which has been dreadfully dubbed. Try to avoid this problem and head to the launch of a DVD with the new version of Anchor Bay. Since coming to America, Verhoeven's career is both up and down. He has created good movies (Flesh & Blood, RoboCop) and In fact, Verhoeven's famous Basic Instinct is almost a less attractive junior league than the one. The Fourth Man Soutendjik also tried her hand in acting in America and since GRAVE SECRETS (198 9) and EVE OF DESTRUCTION (1991) is the best offer she received, so she headed home to the Netherlands.
