Jeroen Krabbé, a homosexual Catholic author with alcohol and frequent visions of death, is invited to lecture at the Wissingen Literary Club. While in a train station in Amsterdam, he felt the attraction that was not related to the good-looking young man who began to appear in another train. Gerard was introduced to the club treasurer and beautician Christine Halsslag (Renée Soutendijk), a wealthy widow who owned the Sphinx beauty salon and they had one night. The next morning, Gerard sees a picture of Christine Herman's boyfriend (Tom Hoffman) and he remembers him like someone he saw in the train station. He advised her to take Herman to her house to spend a few days together. But with a secret intention to seduce that man Christine travels to Colne to bring her boyfriend and Gerard alone in her house. He drank her safe whiskey and spied, searching for three film rolls with a man's name. He decided to watch the video and found that Christine was married to three men and all of them died from a tragic accident. After Gerard believed Christine was a witch and asked if Herman or he would be her fourth husband. <br /> <br /> Ambiguity "The Vierde Man" is another great feature. Paul Verhoeven's visit in the Dutch period, the story is supported by an excellent screenplay that uses Catholic symbols to create tensions associated with intelligent dialogs. The great performance of Jeroen Krabbé in the role of a disturbed alcohol writer And amazing movies The unambiguous resolution is open to interpretation, as in many European films that explore the common sense and intelligence of the audience. There is a moderate director who uses the nude pictures of men to promote their movies. However, Paul Verhoeven uses Gerard Reve's nude image as part of the plot and never gets aggressive or seeking excitement. Last but not least. Renée Soutendijk's sexy bisexual beauty that fits the role of women that attracts gay writers. My score is eight. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "O 4o Homem" ("The 4th Man")
