Paul Verhoeven's ancestors went into his breakout. "Basic Instinct" is a modern and shocking neo-thriller thriller. Verhoeven became known for creating a rather lazy movie in Holland and in America and this movie are one of the reasons why The fourth man follows the strange story of Gerard Reeve (played by Jeroen Krabbé); A gay, alcoholic and insane writer who went to Vlissingen to talk about the stories he wrote. At that time he met Christine Halsslag (Renée Soutendijk), a charming person who brought him back to her home where he discovered the handsome figure of her lover and announced that he would meet him even if it killed him. /> Paul Verhoeven twists the truth many times in this film and to make sure you never know that you are with it. Many events in The Fourth Man may be what they seem. But they can easily be interpreted as something else, and this makes the audience on the edge of their seats at the time and make this film a story It is a thriving thing. Paul Verhoeven is not a filmmaker who feels that he has to control himself and that is one of the things I like most about him. This film has a very shocking scene which made me feel sick for many hours after that. (And that doesn't happen very often!) I won't spoil it because it needs a surprising element of work ... but you'll see what I mean when you watch movies. (Make sure you get the uncut version!) There are also a number of other disgusting scenes that are less shocking than the scenes I talk about. But still cute One man was eaten by a lion and another had a pipe through his skull. The ship was smashed in half ... cute <br /> <br /> The performance in The Fourth Man was not about writing at home. Jeroen Krabbé always received the attention of the audience and regarded it as a drunken writer. It was Renée Soutendijk, who made the most impression, though, as the evil woman at the center of the story. Her performance is what Sharon Stone will imitate nine years later with Basic Instinct, but the traditional execution is the best. Paul Verhoeven's direction is stable as he directs our attention through many perspectives. All of this helped create the mystery of the story. Verhoeven went ahead to make some garbage. But clearly he has the ability and is a shame that he has not used better From the movie Verhoeven, all I've seen is the best, and even though it's hard to find. Believe me, it's worth the effort.
