Movies that can make you shed tears of sadness and tears of happiness will be considered as one step in the work of general filmmakers. The fact is that Steven Spielberg may be our greatest storyteller, doing this in a movie format for many years. Purple color at that time is considered risky, especially after classic actions such as JAWS and THE RAIDERS of THE LOST ARK. In the backward understanding, this film is not surprising because Spielberg made us cry. With joy and sadness in ET Critics call the PURPLE COLOR that he enters intellectual values. It is quite an entrance. There are no special effects, no swearing, just telling a great story based on Alice Walker's classic literature. One of the surprises is that Spielberg can offer animated films about African-Americans in the Deep South. Slavery disappeared But in the south it appears here. It seems that black people are using other blacks as slaves. <br /> <br /> Spielberg is often laid down to make his image look tired or add elements. Of being a child to please the audience This is the first film to be overlooked from his career, which you cannot observe. It is the first movie that people do not see or do not see because there are no aliens. The kingdom of the sun, forever, Schindler's list and so on. His great talent is evident in this picture, because A) He used the rookie actors for the first time, mostly b) He practiced that. Feeling that it is not suitable for the screen. C) It's a drama without a draw that the characters grow and change throughout the 30-year period. It's almost like an epic in the look and scope and The ring that it did not receive the Oscar once received from the 11 nominations was imitated and insulted. <br /> <br /> Whoopi Goldberg is a novel that Celie tortured a beautiful woman given by her father Joining the wrong sex with Danny Glover, which she knows is "Mr." This movie follows the path of occasional bashing and the torture of the heart that you have to pass while staying with "Mr.". Rated PG-13 for sexual issues are quite receptive to inputs from the novel by Walker, this is not "The Burning Bed" in Georgia, whether by any means. There is no clear revenge as expected. It happens gracefully. Goldberg plays as a perfectly human, someone who wants love and someone who deserves it. The most painful and tragic moment of this film occurred when Goldberg and her sister Nettie (played by Akosua Busia) separated, probably forever. (It may be possible that the separation of the devastation of children and parents?) You may have to check the pulse if you do not move in this order. <br /> <br /> Purple colors represent the beauty of the fields and flowers. Surrounding the poor. There is something that will live for But love triumphs above all else. Spashberg bashers acknowledge: Men can create memorable classics without cute aliens. <br /> <br /> Score: 10 out of 10
