This relatively low-priced Western series received an Emmy award from the best and most interesting series. It was produced by Republic Studios that is better than anyone and they do the best. Each episode was built around a true historical statue of the old west. The railway detective named Matt Clark, similar to Elliott Ness, later with the gangsters of the 1920s and 1930s, trying to involve almost every famous Western law between the mid 1800s and WWI content. The best of the series is Jim Davis, with a distinctive look with authentic western accents and excellent driving skills that make him fully convinced in the action scenes. Zero every inch of the West He worked with two cute and enthusiastic stars, Mary Castle, in the name "Frankie" during the first season and Kristine Miller was "Jonesy". In the second, each person worked well with Davis. <br /> <br /> The thing that separates this program from its contemporaries and what comes later is the professionalism that invests in the action-directed action scene of William Witney. Directed 30 episodes. Franklin Adreon The rest of the couple filmed the action with a polished finish. Republic's large stock images from serials and B's are used to give scope The level of each episode increases or decreases with the quality of the guest star playing outside the law. Among the really good things is Marie Windsor as Bell Star, Lee Van Cleve, while Jesse James, Fess Parker is Grat Dalton, is Jean Parker. Cattle Kate and Joe Sawyer and the Western Slim Pickins as Butch Cassady and visitors to Pickins, Parker, Denver Pyle, James Best and Richard Jaeckel have trained their veterans B veterans with decades of experience under their belts. He was Harry Woods, Glenn Strange, Kenneth MacDonald, Earle Hodgkins, Steve Darrell and Chief Yowlachie. Ancient Western Western <br /> <br /> The weakness of the idea is that there are only many famous Westerners. In the second season, the famous numbers became unclear to everyone in the most dedicated history. However, some performances later became a competition, as guest guest Henry Brandon portrayed Nate Champion and former Republican actor Don Barry as a small part-time criminal. Milt Sharp <br /> <br /> Fans West or history lovers will want to see this.
