The award of ROUEN and the success of "VILLA PARANOIA", a public favorite movie that is more important than the jury award, is Erik Clausen's wonderful bitter comedy, "Villa Paranoia", which was chosen by the jury. The European youth attracts cinephiles of all ages Three other awards - Professional Jury Films; Best Film Audience Award; And another great film of the jury, consisting of "lyse", a French high school student Five awards in a single weekend - not a bad thing for movies from small countries with unknown actors. In addition, "Villa" also won the Grand Prix MAVERICK SPIRIT AWARD in San Jose, California last week by A British actor named Sir Ben Kingsley ("Ghandi"), which made a total of six awards in a single week. If Lars van Trier brought Denmark to the Dogma Cinematic map in the past few years, now there is Oak. The good Veteran Maverick Erik Clausen (62) and the cast with his ability to show the world that Denmark is over. Than dogmatic drift which will say that a large audience pleaser for children and adults alike Moreover, the female leader in his film, Sonja Richter, has an amazing screen, which gives her the opportunity to experience the goodness of being the next international Scandinavian singer for recording. " Villa Paranoia "is a fiction film written and directed by Mr. Clausen and uses some patterns from Moliere's" The Imaginary Invalid ". Anna (Richter), an ambitious actress who has lost the role of greed into Moli drama ere and reduced from the most stupid chicken TV advertisements are about to kill themselves. However, Jorgen (Clausen), who oversees a large chicken farm, supports her job offering rooms and boards to care for the elderly Walentin's father and A parody that didn't say anything since his wife Stella committed suicide many years ago Anna is the only person who eventually finds a way to communicate with an unfriendly old group - and more than that, he pretends to be deaf and unable to move through the years - life "Malade Imaginaire "This will lead to the greatest role in her life to reveal the dark secrets that lead to the total withdrawal of Walentin from the life and reality of Villa" Paradise-Paranoia "according to Molie's tradition. re, which is derived from a part of the mind, is a warm and fun spiritual drama that has many things for everyone and needs a proper position to achieve the general type International outreach, it deserves abundantly. Alex Deleon, Paris / 21 March, 2005
