The medicine year actually had to suffer from one aspect to the mini-series or other TV documentaries over and over again for two weeks on TV. In fact, it wasn't long enough on the way. All important bases in the past decade have been protected and they are interesting to know as a postmodern historical perspective and from different aspects. But almost does not cover enough, or at least something that covers sometimes will get again when it deserves more time For example, information and details in the third section about the whole process and business for himself in the transport of large numbers of drugs. (Part is marijuana, cocaine later) really well presented But there are more details that are stored according to the order of how much It's time to cover <br /> <br /> Overall, although the documentary will shine enough that drugs, pop culture, government interventions, elites and lower classes and into the suburbs are all But felt that the waves of various drugs Over the years and the interaction between everyone is very evident. No one in the movie - except the possibility of a little hint with the pot) - Go to the drug certification immediately. But what is shown is that those in the clip kept documents about the integrity of things that were fun at that time and tragedy. The presence of anti-drug officers actively made the hammer some point down hard - even in the picture. The combination of drug culture and America's overall connection - because there is only one important point that makes it a few times. By one of the interviewers The only way to truly access the drug problem is not just saying that because of the war on drugs, it shows that it's not as effective as you think. It just cleans all aspects of all drugs and people who may pretend about them. (For example, oxycontin continues in the market) <br /> <br /> It's a great thing. Interest and depth of the Ken Burns documentary? No, but for watching TV in the summer for children. (Like my age) to see this thing is almost all ancient history, although most are no more than the past models, as well as for the 'old' that can reflect Several decades later, about the great peak of the time that was not careful and then the disillusionment increased from the same media that many years earlier published and advertised. There are people who may find that the documentary has a particular bias which is not entirely true. But trying to get enough differences with the social, political and entertainment conditions of the drug that are mixed together (For better or worse) interesting views
