With the death of her infected husband, May, an old woman is confronted with a future in the world of the city that looks like she can't see death from his neck and is not satisfied with her son's fake home. His superficial Helen and Paula, the youngest girl who is obsessed and has the least ability What is the central family? But warm, support and understanding of the new stage and tragedy in her life with the death of her husband Mother is a study of quiet habits which indicates that in some societies, the elderly parents are both unhappy and burdensome for older children. <br /> <br /> Knowing that the world is still It is important for her, the lone widow, to find that her libido has been awakened and lives with her daughter's boyfriend. May begin in an unimpeded sexual relationship with Darren, in which her personality was initially sympathetic to her But his perfect nature was quickly revealed through the pressure of the women who surrounded him. <br /> <br /> A female actor in an era that was never written for them. But there will be no way to appear because of the straightforwardness of sex, overt closeness, unattractive wardrobe, little makeup and social commentary The actors of female actress Ann Reid range from silence to dizzy and her interpretation of the screen from widows, young women who are sexually independent and free from middle age without having to lift the face, continue Hair and liposuction She almost refused to look at the screen at all. <br /> <br /> Daniel Craig is a professional maintenance technician, who is responsible for both mother and daughter. He changed the protagonist once again, initially sympathetic to the widow's situation. But in the end there was no redemption because his true nature appeared and he was truly a chicken in the chicken house His pointless character cannot say that the old wife, the dull girlfriend and her mother are blamed for the foundation of his inefficient existence. While good with his hands in building a greenhouse, he could not create meaning in his life. <br /> <br /> One of the best movies from the United Kingdom in the past year, it's just an adult. In the story, The Mother is a rare movie that may be too true for American audiences to endure chase without a car chasing no rap music to make Cretin's performance by TV star. Studmuffins Buffalo mother reflecting the aging baby boomers who are now willing to leave their children look forward to a retirement home and out of the way. May not know what to do when she is alive. Darren is not willing to go to the old house and finds that her children are more conservative than she was when they were old.
