This film is a great film that is related to the highly sensitive object that Anne Reid, well known in England for her TV roles, including 'Dinnerladies' (a series written by Victoria Wood about the company staff in the company, if you are wondering) give a show of elaborated speech in May. In the inner constituency of London, her husband Toots (Peter Vaughan) died from visiting the male species after (Bobby) and we saw that both were warmly welcomed by Bobby and his family. However, the daughter of the teacher Paula (Cathryn Bradshaw) lived nearby and the relationship between May and Paula began to appear nearby. So, in May, decided that she could not live in her own home and return to London. Paula's house and caring for the children of the grateful Paula descendants. <br /> <br /> It's a May visit. Go to the house of Bobby, where she started in a relationship with Darren, a middle-aged friend of Bobby, who is working on home expansion. In what might be the first British film to be shown, it may be that Darren (Daniel Craig *) started the confrontation and at least began with the relationship. Respect each other There is no clear sexual content (at least on the DVD I saw: the difference in the list of actors, IMDb indicates the existence of other versions) and the physical basis of this story is handled directly. But not being exploited The more pronounced image is the relationship between May and the converted daughter Paula. 'Therapy and self-exploration' which declared that mummies never supported her at all. Paula is also Darren's lover and when she finds Darren and May's drawings clear. But the poor of May together Perhaps in an English movie, there may be a daughter declaring that she is about to beat her mother politely, asking her to stand up and trot her. <br /> <br /> At the same time, maybe drawing. Enter into a fictional relationship with Paula's writing group members. The difference between unwanted sex and her relationship with Darren is clear. It was at that point that maybe Paula and Darren's worm started to turn. (He saw cocaine that he might have received her money after that if not ready. But for riding) so may find yourself extravagant with the needs of both of her children and eventually return home (But later from the jet plane for the new grassland) <br /> <br /> The strength of this film is that it portrays the truth but does not sympathize. The nature of the relationship between parents and children, contemporary adults, whose bereaved may make the surviving parents feel more isolated than they have no one to take care of them. This is not a new matter. But the disclosure of sexual desire during the age of 60 may be possible. The darkness of the content of the movie from the screenplay by Hanif Kureishi is the opposite of what it projected. (Seems to be a hot summer forever) and the overall mood is higher - it may be another easy matter Located in England in the rainy and rainy season The ending may not be written because we don't know where to go or how long - maybe she is Shirley Valentine with a pension. She doesn't have Picasso. However, Anne Reid is revealed to be a good actor whose life is The work will certainly change forever, like Julie Andrews in Torn Curtain (said by Paul Newman). "That makes your Mary Poppins {Read Dinnerladies} pictures look good." <br /> <br /> * Yes, he: Announcements October 2005 as the new James Bond Significant
