It's hard to imagine that a talented director is innocent. 'Notting Hill' draws something delicate and attractive like this. But this is evidence and it's quite interesting Many people refer to the TV series and yes, this is a seventies play for today. But sometimes it is cut above the majority. I think that due to the great performances from Anne Reid and the good script. With ancient ideas without having to enter the nose at all, except at the end (I don't like the follow-up of the disillusioned asses through the corridors and the very beautiful final scene in the morning: She deserves more education. The ending is more than I think after all the hard work. The business is quite OTT as well to reflect on.) <br /> <br /> What I mean about avoiding ancient thoughts: Well, I have one sinking expectation that the daughter of "adult" may try. Will cause her to be cast in 2 dimensions, like the old bored, nasty, to point out the more painful differences with the charming and powerful old man he fights unintentionally But we get a delicate pendant and sympathy from the lonely, clumsy, and very human, which, however, has no clue about the entertainment of women. At that point, I began to sit and pay more attention. This is a script that allows actors to breathe and do interesting things with a subset of almost Mike Leigh. In that sense (subtracting the mysterious mysterious catharses coming in) <br /> <br /> And of course, I am a person of all things stunned by what Anne Reid did to her characters. Her body. She / not / "The restrained and immoral housewife finds herself for the first time" This is too easy for the characters we have. She said that she had been "Bad housekeeper" over and over again and not having to talk about what she did with the tray, trying to look nurturing and looking good and succeeded in looking awkward. The daughter accused her "Sitting in front of the TV all day" instead of that, regardless of whether her mother's duties were assumed to be: she had no answer. She has never been a model, mother and wife, at least not for herself - that is what comes from a lot of pain, the feelings of those who have lost their lives trying to follow the roles that she had never done before.
