THE TENANTS began in 1971, a short novel by Bernard Malamud, the deceased - author / philosopher - examining the conflict between Jews and African-American Americans in an insurgent atmosphere in Brooklyn in When writing this book As this novel is a terrifying reality: the three-dimensional screenplay of David Diamond and Danny Green (Who is the director) is a screenplay about the brain that progresses in the last moments. <br /> <br /> Harry Lesser (Dylan McDermott) is a Jewish novelist with a book under his belt. But he currently tries to write his 'newest' book for ten years in writing. Believing that he must complete the novel in the same environment that started He was the only tenant in Brooklyn's shophouse at Levinspiel. (Seymour Cassel), who condemned the attempt to 'buy' lease of Harry continued to deteriorate, dirty buildings can be destroyed. In this atmosphere, into a Jewish writer, blacks against Jews Willie Spears mint (Snoop Dogg), which Harry conspired to hide and offered assistance to the novelist new to write about. Death of all white people The efforts of Harry in helping Willie lead to conflict, not least, it is to find a girlfriend, Harry Willie Jewish Caucasian Jewish Irene Bell (Rose Byrne. ) In the reunification of the black brothers Willie Irene lap and Harry's in love with Irene and they plan to leave New York as soon as Harry finished his novel. When Willie heard about the assignment, and was criticized by Harry and Willie began to blow down, not just one. But only delicate friendships But is also a competition between writers with the ending 'reveals the slippery nature of human conditions and human ability to use violence and cancellation' <br /> <br /> actors do their best with scripts Which is a bit uncomfortable Preaching, they create a credible character. Filming enhances the story, making the mood dark and dense, and is mainly confined to a damned building. Proper musical scores Take advantage of jazz, trumpet, solo and blues piano to emphasize the tension and loneliness of each irrational character. Although it requires some patience to project through the brain. But in the end it is worth watching At least trying to create a strange view of Malamud in the life of a large city. Grady Harp
