As Jack Nicholson's first acting director, he said, at least he was the actor's talent director. Although the story may seem to make the audience stray (And modern audiences - if they can discover which appears on eBay today and again - it may seem more independent than they think). The movie is bright. Interesting appearance The film tells about two children in college: the helper is Hector. (William Tipper in a split show) Star of the Leopard, the college basketball team he played While he has to deal with coach (Bruce Dern) who is constantly pushing and being a girlfriend both inside and outside (Karen Black) with her own emotional problems. Riel (Michael Margaret) It seems that Gabriel is more than the possibility of being drafted and in his own violent mind, so he does what he can. But when Hector tries to find a balance between his upcoming fame and the person he loves, Gabriel is crossing the limit of consciousness. <br /> <br /> Technical Nicholson Things, things in between basketball scenes and darkness in other scenes, with the feeling of documentary throughout, and from Tepper, Black and even Robert Towne (writers of Chinatown, Last Detail and Mission: Impossible among others who rarely Show) he received Reliable acting work, even though Tepper is likely to reduce his feelings. For example, in some scenes, when he was able to express his sarcastic expressions, he did not play what was worth. On the other hand, Margaret has a lively and distorted power in his performance, and as he stepped down it was scary. But perhaps easily understandable from the moment Dern stole most of his scenes around in a performance that would have earned him an Academy Award nomination. All his conversations are appropriate, true, and never been interrupted, as in the latest movie shows. <br /> <br /> But what makes this movie worse is the elements that are not related to the characters. Receiving explanations at a certain level may require more. This film is based on the novel by Jeremy Larner, who co-wrote with Nicholson and I expect that the film will be longer than it used to be. It is a slim book that contains a lot of information about sports about the basic feelings that belong to the new generation. Nicholson presented us with these characters and situations and they rarely show what motivates them. (Anti-war protesters are not included in the part that they understand enough). Gabriel is disturbed by what happened in Vietnam. But what else? Hector is like a man who is afraid of being drafted for the NBA and he still loves to play. But what made him come back? All of this atmosphere is interesting to the college / basketball experience in the late 60s, but the interesting qualities that lead to some disregard are still at the point of not being able to go far. more Overall, the overall movie effect is bittersweet and quite memorable for good scores, not for the low ones. And of course you can tell who is behind the lens every step. B +
