This is a very remarkable movie. Director Rohmer uses digital technology to make his live actor a painted background. Most of the time this works great, especially at the beginning of the movie as a lively pop-up book. It is less successful in some scenes where it limits the camera angle (they do not paint on the side of some buildings), but it is a very interesting way to shoot historical movies that are about the misunderstanding of We and the limited view of history are history itself. There is a narrative based on the memoirs of Grace Elliott, a former wife of the Duc d'Orleans, so the event is often claimed to be one of their history by Marx, especially in France is told here from the perspective of foreigners, aristocratic women. The view is different, unavoidable - there cannot be an objective representation. Using a memo device makes the movie quite a quality scene. Personally, I found that the story about the death of the king is the most interesting. The King's supporters actively stunned her when Duc voted for the death of the king. (The basic knowledge of the French Revolution may be useful in following the conversation between Grace and Duc. Here, he is the cousin of Louis and chooses himself into the council. Change the name to Philip Equality immediately.) Filming of the movie about Louise's death is important. Grace and her maid are in Mede, leaving Paris, watching from the hillside with a telescope. We do not see the death penalty. But heard the comments of the housewives only, such as Grace The most remarkable event of the revolution took place outside the screen. Grace couldn't bear to see her king being killed. Her view is of nobility. Louis's death was beyond her vision. This is a powerful and intelligent movie creation. The love story between Duc and Grace is told not to be told, never told and is moving in strength (although Duc looks a bit foolish. Sometimes she sees something in him. The rage of madness (There is just enough to be a suspect) that the people swept away at the time, such as the revolution would show that Grace's life overturned her house being searched every day. But she still ordered her servant Food and can't dress yourself! If you have any interest in sensitive movies, use new technology wisely to tell an old story or represent important moments in European history described by a noble foreign woman. Worth your time It's quite slow in place. But your patience is adequately rewarded
