The name in Japanese is LAPUTA (which is a nasty phrase that the director Hayao Miyazaki had forgotten at that time). CASTLE IN THE SKY is the third movie of the animator master and one of the movies that He loves the most forever Initially it was a box office movie since 1986. It has been recognized by critics and audiences around the world. Inspired by Jonathan Swift's "Gulliver's Travels", CASTLE IN THE SKY is an action-adventure story about two orphans, Pazu, young minors and mysterious girl Sheeta (who wore crystals. Magic around her neck) to find the long lost Laputa Island, which is rumored to have many treasures and jewels. They received help from the poor pirate pirates. But anxious, led by Dola (which they initially chased But turned out to be a true ally) and pursued the government by the evil chief intelligence officer Muska, who wanted Laputa's power to benefit him. <br /> <br /> For everyone who is looking for a way Exciting to spend two hours, this film is a great choice with a sense of humor, humor, exploration, wonder and proper mystery. For anyone interested Art work, although not as exciting as in Miyazaki's next film But it's excellent and beautiful enough to watch with fantasy characters and places, exciting action scenes and breathtaking flight scenes And while the characters that fill this story are less complicated than other Miyazaki's works, each has a memorable and beloved personality that is with the audience long after the film ends. In particular, Dola created a wonderful comic character, shouting for a sad son at one time and protecting Sheeta. Muska was one of the few people Miyazaki created that had encountered as a villain, but like Dola, he Order every scene where he is with an attractive charm that is charming and cool. Anime fans often Compare this movie to Gainax NADIA's Sci-Fi Adventure series: THE SECRET OF BLUE WATER. In the end, both have similar characters and elements of the characters ... not to mention that both were created. By Miyazaki Where is the difference in the NADIA operation, although most charms suffer from a wrong turn at the midpoint of it, becoming a comic nonsense, all of which But divert attention from the main plot, although it has a strong ending The castle in the sky while still continuously entertaining and focusing on two hours and is better for it. While the epic sound of the movie is sometimes destroyed by some "cartoon" moments, such as the quarrel between the boss of Pazu and one of Dola's sons, never reached the point where it detracts from the movie. <br /> < br /> about eleven Many years ago, Disney released the English version, with famous actors such as James van der Beek, Anna Paquin, Cloris Leachman, Mark Hamill, Mandy Patinkin and Mandy Patinkin, including the image of veterans such as Tress MacNeille and Jim Cummings. There have been repeated performances of Joe Hisaishi's beautiful musical score for performances by the Seattle Music Orchestra (interestingly, the people behind this rescore are none other than the composers themselves). Miyazaki has no such problems. In fact, he said that he would applaud, reworking, and for good reason, because the newly recorded song is the star of the new dub. While there are cases in which the addition of some quiet scenes from the original Japanese language is quite shaky. (Especially traveling through the disturbing dragon storm clouds) The overall reworking is great and in many ways improved on the original, especially in the scene For example, when the robot attacks the fortress and the end of the period, Hisaishi shows his musical and genius versatility for matching music with pictures. <br /> <br /> As far as acting in the dub go, chances are The sale may be at the end of James Van Der Beek's Pazu short bar. It sounds more mature than his character, while Anna Paquin's Sheeta speaks with a strange accent that sometimes fluctuates. (Problems that actually work with the characters) that say that both good work and overall chemistry are fairly reliable. It is a lively actor. But that makes this dubbing very fun, especially Dola of Cloris Leachman and Mark Hamill's Muska. Both were handsome and completely stolen in every scene they were in, as well as rescore. Both of these are guaranteed to truly listen to Disney dub. Adjust the script, sometimes loose borders - with a little extra lines and / or comments (some of them have a lot of humor and others are quite overwhelming) - but apart from changing At least one discussion (Sheeta speech in the climactic showdown "The world cannot live without love" compared to the original "You cannot survive beyond Mother Earth"). The characters, including stories and souls, remain faithful to the original. In general, there are a few points to compare the Disney version with the original language tracks. Each person put their own stamp on this legendary masterpiece and I like them both. (They are still better than Streamline / JAL with more characters. But scary, lifeless robots act abysmally and write low-quality dubbing from the late 1980s. Don't believe anyone who says this version is "better" for Disney - believe me, the opposite is true.) <br /> <br /> In any way, you can't be wrong with the castle in the sky. It is one of Miyazaki's greatest times and I highly recommend it.
