The second feature film of Hayao Miyazaki and his first film, which has been widely recognized both commercially and critically. (Although he debuted - Nausicaa AKA Warriors of the Wind has been praised by many fans as the best) 'May look simple and simple compared to his latest masterpiece, such as' Kiki's Delivery Service ',' Mononoke-hime 'and' Spirited Away ', but in 1986 it was a year ago and one of the important events of the modern anime. It is important to remember that "The Castle in the Sky" was created two years before the 'Akira' revolution, and while it is not provocative and controversial, like the masterpieces mentioned above, the main character is a cartoon character, hero / heroine / villain and quite a story. Predictable and clear (At least in the current standard) Miyazaki's design and animation work is a standard that has never been seen before. While the story and humor are quite stupid and outdated at times, this movie is still very entertaining and entertaining - if not as dramatic as 'Spirited Away' and if you allow yourself to see the beauty of the frame itself Overlooked the color and low-cost animation and the same face - at this point, Miyazaki remained faithful to his roots and the agreed Japanese cartoon standards. - You will see Miyazaki's genius shining as in 'Spirited Away' and Mononoke, while 'Castle in the Sky' is a sci-fi adventure and suitable for children with classic anime like More elaborate than any other thing that he has done since then. His patterns and principles still show and play an important part. To say more is to destroy the movie, so I will shut down. Suffice to say that I gave only nine stars, because if I gave ten stars, I wouldn't go higher for 'Spirited Away' and 'Princess Mononoke' and that could be a crime. <br /> <br /> In the movie Most anime, I recommend watching the Japanese version with English subtitles even if you don't speak Japanese. Tends to be very bad and in this case it's scary You may want to look at the English version only once, just laugh and for the star-filled actors. (English dubbing was recorded after the success of 'Spirited Away' only because it was Kiki's delivery service) - Anna Paquin and James Van Der Beek (Yes, Dawson!) Added Mark Hamill (Luke Skywalker) From 'Star Wars' in case you don't know!) Plays the villain and other roles filled with Andy Dick, Tres MacNeille (The Simpsons, Rugrats, Animaniacs ...), Michael McShane (Friar Tuck from Robert Hood's Robert Costner travesty) and Mandy Patinkin (Hello, my name is Inigo Montoya ...) laugh or laugh a few really. But watch Japan first
