It's always difficult to put a seal on every movie as 'The best', whether at any time, any type of thing or whatever you have But I believe that the strongest argument can be made. In fact, Laputa is the greatest animated film ever made on my mind, which is Hayao Miyazaki's masterpiece, an animated film director. The best in Japan and his strength as a director, storyteller and designer, including all his favorite stories. My review version is American dubbing in 2003 (I know that hard-core anime anime enthusiasts won't look in their language); There is at least one other English dub. I have it on the VHS (I don't know from which source) and that version is the best dub that I have ever encountered in any movie. But I think it's better to focus on the people who find it. <br /> <br /> Laputa tells the story of a boy named Pazu (voiced by James Van Der Beek here) which Grew up in a mining town when One day, a girl named Sheeta (Anna Paquin) literally drops from the sky. It seems that she is being taken by Colonel Musa (Mark Hamil), a formidable government officer who is interested in magic crystals hanging around her neck. In addition, there is a gang of funny pirates that are evil after the crystal is led by the age, but Dola (Cloris Leachman) plot revolves around the ability of the crystal to reveal the location of Laputa's city. Legend, which is a treasure trove full of scientific knowledge and hidden treasures Everything goes according to the fairy tale setting. But Miyazaki knows how far the story can be taken and the plot is full of 'gosh-wow' moments and has morals and warnings about the use of natural power. <br /> < br /> Design work in Laputa almost twenty years later remains a revolution. Every type of flying machine has a lot of impossibility. But designed meticulously until you accept it immediately without flashing The world is located somewhere at the beginning of the twentieth century, with telegraphs and vintage cars beside those wonderful impossible planes. But it is a city capable of execution. Laputa is both the Garden of Eden and the Fire of Heaven, and in the coherence there is both power and danger. <br /> <br /> In addition to being a movie that has been Delicate and beautiful design With a great sense of film From shooting in wide-angle to high-speed chase on a small single-man flyer to a boat that sank under the cloud as if it were a Laputa water. Despite the magic of CGI ?? Can only daydream Although we see only a fraction of this world But its simple elegance extends beyond the frame of the frame and we have no problem believing in it This film also has one of my favorite things, if not the most exciting action scene: the guardian robot who fell to the ground was unintentionally activated and wreaked havoc on the fortress it was right in. Keep it all the time At the same time, Pazu and the pirates humbled on their small plane to truly snatch her from the destructive jaw. From the terrifying sight of the burning robots in the countryside to the second exhilarating rescue, the whole sequence is a masterpiece of time and camera angles and knowing how far to take the audience. <br /> < br /> It helps Laputa to have an amazing score. Composer Joe Hisaishi brings together the amazing beauty of this world, the innocence, freshness, exciting action and the creepy world of the city. Jilin and defender robots bizarre. Although he recorded again for this DVD release (which IMO did not update his original score), add parts here and there, the score matches the picture perfectly, union, sound and rare vision. <br /> <br /> This is not a bad dub. I like too much English dubbing, and this one can explain a few things. But I was shocked that how well these sounds were (And the people who match with Japanese quite well), especially Dola, are difficult to correct, but Leachman is still an old pirate woman who is flaming (Her son is not as good as the original) Paquin performed well like Sheeta and Mark Hamill. While I knew he was faster, more talented than doing Muska (I like Muska's other English dubbing a bit, but Hamill is good. Most of the movies are placed on the shoulders of Pazu and Van Der Beek. It is wonderful. Listening to him makes me think that this crew must have access to other English dub because VDB is paired with Pazu. Close Although watching the dub once again causes a boycott among the Otaku believers, as much as I love this movie, I don't think you will sacrifice a lot just by watching this Anglicized version. John Lassiter of Pixar introduced in advance. And my suspicion is that he likes this movie very much. Just love this movie so much that they try hard to make sure that it is of high quality. <br /> <br /> Miyazaki experiences The success In America in the past few years with Spirited Away and Mononoke (one of the few things he didn't care about), but for me, Laputa is still a great achievement for him. Anyone who is familiar with his later work will enjoy the work earlier and again. This film is an expert at the top of his style, pressing every button. I will pay a lot of money to see this on the big screen. While it may never have happened, it's good to know that at least this classic has been preserved on DVD.
