At this point, you may have heard about the new Disney movie, Miyazaki's Laputa: Castle In The Sky. In the late summer of 1998, Disney launched. "Kiki's Delivery Service" in the video, which includes the preview of Laputa, dubbed it in "1999". Obviously it was the way past that year. But finally dubbed and not "Laputa: Castle In The Sky" just "Castle In The Sky" for dub because Laputa is not a good word in Spanish (Although they used Laputa many times throughout the dub), you may have heard that the world-renowned songwriter Joe Hisaishi, who rated the film at first, returned to the wonderful song along with the new arrangements. Laputa came out before My Neighbor Totoro and after Nausicaa of the Valley of the Wind which started Studio Ghibli and it was a long hit song. And in my opinion, I think it is one of Miyazaki's best movies that has a powerful lesson hidden in this gem two hours and four minutes. Laputa: Castle in the Sky is a movie for all ages and I want everyone to see <br /> <br /> For those who are not familiar with the story of Castle in the Sky, it starts from the beginning and doesn't stop at all. Two hours ahead The story is impeccable and highly skilled. You will see Miyazaki's true vision. And believe me it is a wonderful one The film begins with Sheeta, a girl with Helluva, one passed as she was taken captive by the government on Sheeta airship, holding the key to Laputa, the sky castle and a long lost civilization. The key to Laputa is the sacred pendant that she Can find many people, such as the military government and pirate gangs Dola (which Sheeta and Pazu were friends later). Soon the pirates attacked the ship and she escaped between Attacks She dropped a few thousand feet. But the fall was soft and thanks to her pendant As she floated down from the sky, Pazu, an orphan who survived the mines, saw Sheeta and captured her. The two became fast friends. But thanks to her cameo, the couple were stuck in a huge excitement while the Dola gang and the government tried to capture Sheila. One action scene After that, we learn about the motivation and identity of every character when we create an emotional and action-packed climax scene that will make everyone satisfied with animations. Great length and excellent dialogue Plus a rather twisted surprise I think this movie is outstanding and takes two hours and four minutes. The story is great when we watch Hayao Miyazaki's animation without the limit. The setting of this movie is a combo of many moments. It seems to have happened at the end of the 19th century, but it is an alternative universe with advanced technology and weapons. Laputa is also a surprisingly funny movie. This movie has a hilarious moment almost as much as the drama and action that this movie holds. I think the most fun part is the fight scene in which the boss of Pazu confronted the pirate and shortly after the riots It's a joke that we see men comparing their strength and the music that suits them perfectly. <br /> <br /> Now let's talk about the dubbing rate. Great actors give great performances to make these characters lively. Teen singer James Van Der Beek plays Pazu, who is more louder than the adult version of the original Japanese version. He sounds more innocent. I think his voice is suitable for Pazu Anna Paquin, the youngest Oscar winner from "The Piano", showing the role of Sheeta. This is a good performance. But the sound is uneven, she doesn't say a single accent Sometimes she sounds like an American like an apple pie. But sometimes she sounds like someone from New Zealand My favorite show is Coris Leachman, who plays Mama Dola. Not only is it a great performance? But the sound and emotions that she gave to the characters made it lively If there is an action movie Laputa (Gd that is banned) all the time, she will be the person who will play with her. You can imagine her in the role (some) Luke Skywalker Mark Hamill is Muska and this Is another great work of Hamill. You may be familiar with Hamill from the sound work for a long time after he made the original Star Wars movie. But he made Muzaka full of evil His voice looks like a normal voice and a mix of Joker, which he played in many episodes in the Batman animated series. The round is a voice actor, Jim Cummings, who has done a great job as General and Andy Dick and Mandy Patakin as a member of the Dola gang. <br /> <br /> Now let me say. About what makes it happen This special dubbed the new song of Joe Hisaishi! For those who have never heard of him, Mr. Hisaishi makes music and likes Miyazaki's movies. Every song is a very memorable song. Each of his scores has his own personality which is perfect for that movie. Now, the new deal he has made is more than "American like" which I think is the goal of a new record. Do not worry, the classical music of the Japanese version is still in excellent form. The score for me, the sound that will be like this is Blockbuster Hollywood. It has more power. It has a clearer and deeper focus. The prologue of the first second movie that we have introduced to the airship has a new song (I'm not sure but I believe that when we see the first boat without music), most songs have a new background and additional soundtracks to enjoy. Things seem to be much better. In a powerful scene, the music is stronger than in the original version. In a more peaceful, quiet scene Overall, I think many of you will be satisfied with the new terms that blend together. I do it myself very much, and personally think that it will help improve the movie. I like the new score more than the old songs and I hope Disney will release or authorize the music for the full soundtrack. <br /> <br /> The other side of the voice is the story is still honest and many. Of the original Japanese lines still in Kiki, I'm sure there are some lines that change and this is the same way that changed. But most are close to or close to the original and the dialogue written by Miyazaki I am afraid that some great lines will be killed. But they were there as before Some new lines are also added which can help. But I'm not sure whether to consider this thing as good or bad. Disney DID doesn't translate the ending song into Japanese. I regret it when they make a new song that is perfect for Kiki dub, but with this version it is the original song ... in Japanese. So I think it's still good to be original. But not good, because most people who see this dub speak English. <br /> <br /> There is a big side in this dub, and it's related to the sound that matches Character lips Of course, in any dub, it won't be perfect. But I think in Kiki and Mononoke, the dubbing of the match is much better. (And Disney has a little more time with this story ...) Sometimes everything is perfectly compatible, sometimes it doesn't match, and in some cases some people say something and the lips don't move at all. (There is no scene where Chida laughs and mouths. Moving one bit) <br /> <br /> As far as things about the movie itself I think Laputa's most amazing part is animation. From the opening sequence until the end of the animation, there is a lot of green and detailed, you just have to watch with fear. You will see the true nature of each character, the real details on their faces with melee and action. You have to give credit to the efforts of these animators in this film. Everything is done very well and beautifully hand drawn. It's like moving art. And to think that this happened in the mid-1980s, the animation is quite different from Disney. Ghibli has its own distinctive flame, which is very different, but very good, and after many years, the color looks Bright as it used to be, Laputa also has a lot of action scenes, many plane fighting scenes, including fighting scenes. These sequences do very well and are very interesting. It's scary that they are comparable to large action movies. And the ending is just what you have to see The sound effects are pure and classic, perfect for blasting guns, shooting and everything else. And like every movie of Miyazaki, each story focuses on different themes (such as Kiki: Confidence). This lesson contains lessons about greed and great power. People do not know how greed can overwhelm you and too much power. People are obsessed with power and greedy, and the main muskas show a lot. <br /> <br /> All in all, Laputa: Castle In The Sky is a good movie to start with. this Most improvements I am glad that more mainstream audiences now have the opportunity to watch all the classic animated movies. With a great voice-over, which brought a great new song from Joe Hisaishi, Disney did a great job in this movie and was worth it. Although I think that the sound is better in the mouth of Kiki and Princess Mononoke Disney, Castle In The Sky is still a great voice and worth the long delay, because now it can have a great movie.
