Regardless of the personal opinions of any person who may have Walerian Borowczyk's strange But the beautiful "La bête" jewel of 1975, one must admit that this strange gem is an absolutely unique movie experience. Borowczyk erotic fairy tales are banned in many countries for a long time and it is clear why this controversial gem is a victim. Incredible movie censorship "La bête" is an interesting combination of a fairytale-like atmosphere that is rich and beautiful. Jane and the singularity that refuses to compromise. The fact that the beast (strange item) is one of the main points of the film does not help with censorship. But it caused a lot of controversy and was known by a wide audience. <br /> <br /> Pierre de l'Esperance (Guy Tréjan), the head of the French noble family, arranged for his son Mathurin (Pierre Benedet) ) Married and married Lucy Broadhurst (Lisbeth Hummel), a young and beautiful daughter of a wealthy English family Due to the old curse of Mathurin's uncle (Marcel Dalió) against the marriage strictly When Lucy and her mother arrived in the French territory, Lucy was fascinated by the images of the ancestors of the 18th century Romilda (Sirpa Lane) and old books that show strange paintings. Soon the story will become a strange sexual fever dream ... without too much, I can say that fans of the special cinema should not miss this movie. As strange as it is "La bête" is remarkably beautiful in style, settings and movies The atmosphere is like a fever, both inside and outside the dream sequence. The impressive forest lands and family mansions are beautiful places and beautiful scores and breathtaking movies create a wonderful atmosphere for this strange story. Sex is very clear. (Nude, elegant woman, charming actress) until serious and disgusting degeneration (Close to the horse's penis while having sex ...); In any case, it should not be forgotten. All the actors of "La bête" are great and everyone involved offers a wonderful performance in a strange character. The film gains a special selection of beautiful actors, including Finnish actress Lisbeth Hummel, Sirpa Lane (who died of AIDS in 1999) as an ancestor in the dream sequence or actress Pascale. Rivault, who played an aristocratic daughter who had had the opportunity to have sex with a black servant in the closet. <br /> <br /> I intended to not explain the most important details of the story. Some scenes in the film is one of the most bizarre I've ever had on a movie. Of course, not everyone's cup of tea. But it is highly recommended to fans of controversial and unusual movies True cult gem!
