La Bête, the creator of Walerian Borowczyk (France, 1975, aka The Beast), is one of the most controversial and daring movies ever created and is a great movie as well. This film tells everything that is hidden and generally rejected about our nature and our sexual nature, especially with the symbol and silence of the image. The image may look fierce, distorted, "sick" or exciting. But all of that is related to the eventual mention. Sex, desire and death are strong and the main subject and control of all the flesh that has the human spirit inside. They pay attention and lure us with power. (And by our nature) that they are considered scary, unacceptable and have something that is too fierce to be true. <br /> <br /> A sophisticated girl travels with her mother. The husband who is going to be her husband, which she has a letter All of them were very exciting and each of the parents and relatives of each other waited anxiously to see new people coming to their families. The innocence of the young bride shines through, and no one knows what will happen and wake up in the walls of a beautiful and large French manor, both humans and all animals and the mysterious "la bête" that turns into something. Most of the characters or audiences of the movie have never thought of being true and (in front of them). <br /> <br /> The film has the same theme as the debyt feature of David Cronenberg of Canada Cronenberg (1975 ) Which occurred within a large, luxurious building where the parasites destroyed and filled with blood from humans to humans by sexual contact and causing people to act fiercely and violently in their desire Rotate the joy and fulfillment instinct. Humans have instincts that can be and are stronger than their will, and that is why those instincts are dangerous and powerful, as well as the instincts of other animals, beasts, whether sexual desire, revenge or sexual intercourse. Humans are intelligent creatures and tools to convey. But since we are intellectual animals that have not been used too much to see anywhere around us This film opens up a lot and is very shocking for the most hypocritical attitude, showing the male horse an angry man while he waits to enter inside the female and continue the competition. But anger and a desire to see The key element of that beginning and why it is there is not a close-up of the organ as easily claimed. The horse is a beast that fights with heat that is almost unbearable in the heat that is stronger than his intentions because he can no longer control it The power of instinct makes the animal become a beast. <br /> <br /> After an unforgettable start, the characters will be introduced and this movie has all the necessary age groups in it from the little innocent children. Waiting to grow And developed into an adult and an elderly person who represents a part of their lives, creating the face of human life on the screen Movies do not need to have more characters in this way since everyone is already important and represents all races, including people in the city and in the countryside and both sexes. The mansion made the young woman awake while she saw the horse having sex and acting like she had never thought of. For the first time she saw something unique and something that was exciting and felt as important for her and her body, like getting water when you were thirsty. The transformation of the girl is a very important element in this film because she is not aware of these things in her and her mother and camera and fan letters, although things are waiting for the moment to burst. Meat and it is human But those things are not easily accepted anywhere and this kind of movie tries to explain that it has been banned for decades? Folly and human unwillingness to interpret images must not be an argument for movies that are banned or violated. <br /> <br /> The last 30 minutes of this movie are as important as the beginning. Beginning and showing again that No unnecessary words and talk. When the girl and the audience realized that her body began to feel and desire, she began to have a dream about a mysterious creature that became a person other than the body that did not dress up, living in the forest without people / animals. Closer to the dream sequence is the cause and cause of the most controversy, coupled with the direct and straightforward attitude of this film and the low image. It is easy to judge as "perverse" and "pornography" without courage. Character reactions and thoughts behind what we see These images are exciting in your dreams and eventually are the dreams of human characters (more). Dreams and Borowczyk force us to accept it with images that are close to "normal" sexual acts between men and women. Which is beautiful and expresses love which is another human need In addition, the humorous and dark love that created the scene inside the mansion between the young mother and the black servant was interrupted many times when someone cried to the servant and there was no doubt that The body was together and interrupted by shouting, at least not satisfied when interrupted. Borowczyk managed to paint his picture beautifully and "Delicate" until his message is almost impossible to be misunderstood But there seems to be nothing that is impossible for our culture and ideas to criticize art. He only uses dialogue when necessary, otherwise the image will work and make the movie more powerful. <br /> <br /> Death is also there because the flesh dies sooner or later after many years of life and instinct. dead The ending is inevitable. But the meaning of the dream sequence may also be powerful, without having to have drama and ending "revelations" as well. Another element with black humor comes when we see the women in the city that are stunned, running out of places. They see more than they are looking for! They visited the mansion of truth about our flesh and them. This film reminds me of the story of the French writer Eye of the Eye, Georges Bataille, with the same theme about sex, death and how they both connect to the nature of our flesh. This book is well written and excellent, just like this movie, and naturally both of them were blamed for the content that "Too clear" and other shallow comments that are noteworthy. Borowczyk's movies are very beautiful. The honesty that is raw and natural and the forest seems not so bright and shining like they did in this movie. The sun shone through the tree and everywhere that man lived and its beauty was always there. But the ugliness that arose from the inhabitants of the world For the innocent white sheep, there are evil and sinister selfish creatures in our world and that is the reason why the wisdom that we have received never seems to overcome the power of our bad instincts and more. On one side of the sheep. It's about how many people manage to keep the dark side dormant and not enthusiastic. Fulfilling some of our instincts is not a bad thing, and by using this wisdom and seeing that any instinct is good and bad, they will be satisfied without exploitation, violence and a dangerous and destructive circle. Created by it Human beings are not only intelligent animals that are easy to be forgotten and eaten as a backdrop by things that feel better and more satisfying in each moment and immediately. Borowczyk's films are masterpieces of the theater. The magic movie that is memorable and intelligent in the form of immortality and is also an example of the success expressed and given by filmmakers who are just human beings. only
