OK ... this strange thing .... I can't really tell you the interior of the beast, because I started to lose interest when nothing happened in the first 45 minutes - but wait. Get "<br /> <br /> The story involves a monster in the forest where some French noblemen were drunk that day. Finally, you will see "THE BEAST" which looks like a guy dressed in a giant bear costume with a chicken horse attached. The scene arose with women, aristocrats running around the forest to find lost sheep. The sheep were dead and the women were afraid. The beast popped up, raped chicks and shot 400 gallons of courage throughout her. Eventually, the chicks began to enjoy the "interest" of the beast, which resulted in a cute simulation of sex scenes, including an uncanny erotic footstep scene in which the girl jerked the beast with his feet. you You have a distorted foot fetish - so I sue ....) ... This film is told in the events and scenes of long conversations that tend to be rather boring. The movie "Shocking" but the predicted ending concludes that this is a strange story ... <br /> <br /> THE BEAST is a movie that I find it difficult to score. The film was quite eye-catching and the costumes and locations were complicated. This plot is quite complex and seems to be seriously serious for what ended up being a hilarious unintended movie about chicks with cubs, nipples, ass, and hairy bushes of the era. 70 that will help offset the first half of boring movies I have to say honestly that if it's not a BEAST graphic scene that is spread all over the girl who is willing, this movie is really boring - that is, if you don't like boring dialogue and horse-horse graphics (the starting point is The intimate and personal scene of two unusual horses, including a horse vagina filled with excitement and courage ... YUM !!!) But the BEAST sex scene is very strange and being Change the freshness from the rest of the movie. I must say that those scenes are made for what is the real snooker. I have to introduce this to everyone who thinks they have seen it all - the rape of BEAST is real and what will be seen. In addition, it is recommended to fans of the 70s / 80s movies - this movie is also quite high. Worth to see that you are a beast lover who is sick of hemorrhoids there (like me) ... 8/10
