If, like me, you like your movie to be unique and unlike most other movies, I suggest you look at The Beast. The Beast 'legend, which is rumored to follow the French mansion and lust after women This film has a very daring content and is credited to it. The theme of wildlife is the absolute prohibition and for good reason I may add; But the movie conveyed it Straight and to the point Like other films that deal with the taboo story in the middle, The Beast may go around it and allow us to use our imagination to fill the gap. Especially Creating a movie like this will make him open to all kinds of criticisms. But the fact that he went ahead with it, in my view, means a larger thumb for men. <br /> <br /> The movie starts. With the order of seeing the female horse attached to the female This launcher puts an exclamation mark on the film and prepares the audience in some way to get the sexual power they are about to see. The scene that saw the beast and the female partner was worthless and shocking and bound to many people. (For this reason, it has been banned for over 20 years), but these scenes are not just an excuse for Borowczyk to shock the audience. This movie has a set point. As said during the movie The only difference between man and beast is intelligence. Both humans and animals have instincts. Only men know how to control them. The beast explores this difference between humans and beasts through sex. The fantasy sequence in which the beast appears as an example of controlling human needs and is only when the central female character releases her hand from control so that she can see the beast. This film has a strong theme of old stories. 'Beauty and the Beast' that is woven and overall, this is a very scary story of sexual desire. But not without morals. <br /> <br /> Many people criticize the scene around the shocking sex scene of this movie. But these scenes are important to the story of the movie. Without these scenes, we will not recognize the characters or the story of the beast and the most important is; The story of 'Beauty and the Beast' cannot be summed up horribly to the audience and is one of the key elements of the movie. It will be a real shame. Borowczyk continues to entertain the audience through these scenes, not with bumps. But with the conversation and the high-class personality of the family, along with the beautiful images of this mansion, therefore cannot be seen Later events in the movie will not exist as well. <br /> <br /> Overall, The Beast is a shocking movie. It shows the taboo and the shocking way that will make sure that this movie is not suitable for everyone. However, if you can overcome the fear of movies and embrace The Beast; What is waiting for is a work of art that is beautiful and beautiful that should not be missed by anyone who is willing to give the opportunity to this film.
