Most people, when they think of movies, look at German movies in the age of silence and fast-paced movies - movies that focus on angles that require a huge difference in light and darkness. Use occasionally The atmosphere is different from the original natural mode of movie representation. If we are willing to admit that the Germans are not the only filmmakers who created the film. (And the above characteristics are not necessary for movies about communicators) I will argue that Dodes'ka-den (DKD) is an important example of this type of film. <br /> <br /> DKD is like A little dream for Kurosawa movies that play like water. In truth, however, DKD is different from Dreams, which is a great movie and may be my favorite Kurosawa image. Why? Mostly I think it's color. I believe that this is the first color film of Kurosawa and this man makes this film the main color and create a completely unrealistic contemporary Japan. We are familiar with neon lights and skyscrapers in Tokyo. We are not familiar with the city that looks like a candle. <br /> <br /> DKD is like I said that the strange movie, especially that many characters live in the garbage collection, seems to live in Alternate universe That is, I think the point - this is an outsider, Tokyo, who was left behind during a step forward after World War II. This film is also a representative of another movie of Kurosawa. There is a genuine feeling here and genuine pathos. (For example, when the boy's father describes their dream home), it is an amazingly animated movie from a man known for its beauty, scenes like John Ford and the Samurai. Everyone should know Kurosawa in a movie that he touches and thinks is a stimulus (Ikiru foreshadows reflecting the emotional mood of this film in many ways) <br /> <br /> I'll finally argue that this is success. The greatest of Kurosawa's movies, his samurai, although capable But is weak compared to the work of Kobayashi (Kiri is the smartest and smartest samurai movie that is determined to be celluloid) Rashomon, Hidden Fortress, Seven Samurai, Yojimbo, Sanjuro, Kagemusha and Ran are all good movies. But they are good (And frankly, I think this word is suitable for Hidden Fortress and Kagemusha) DKD is a great movie like Ikiru. They are crown jewels that show that Akira is not a single samurai horse. They reveal their art and film expertise.
