If there is anything that Akira Kurosawa makes wrong in creating Dodes'ka-den, it also creates cooperation with him. "The Four Knights" (the other three are Kobayasaki, Ichikawa and Konishita). They want a large blockbuster to kick off their partnership and instead of Kurosawa's cheese head content The group sends an abstract film about humanism and the characters that live in the ruined slums that have many characters face the dark tragedy. If he builds it on a more independent basis or goes to another studio that knows But because of this amidst financial misery and other creativity that contributed to his suicide attempt in 1971, and at the end of the day as an artist, Kurosawa didn't stop sending embarrassing things to His drama: the strength of the human spirit in the face of adversity The backdrop of it is slightly unusual than most people should not overlook. But it is not Kurosawa's fault at all. <br /> <br /> The content in Dodes'ka-den is absorbed, but not in the manner that Often found from the director and mostly because it is a character rather than a character. There are things that happen to these people and Kurosawa's challenge here is to combine them together. The character started in a strange image (although fortunately there is no room for him to grow), Rokkuchan is a brain that damages the boys who walk around all day, making the train sound (voice ' clickety-clack 'of the name) sometimes stops praying for his mother But we branched out: there was a father and a son who kept biting food in the restaurant and the past, which continued with a unique description of his dream home. The old man had the nature of death with him and we learned later that he lost more than he would tell most people, including women who had a past with him; A quiet and lazy woman working for her adoptive father (Or uncle, I'm not sure) who raped her and the gentle guy in the suit that has a tick face all the time and is the average wife for the people in the surrounding society. <br /> <br /> There is also a mark. Of people around these characters, such as two drunken people who keep Stumbling every night, like a machine, determines the huge demand for their spouses sometimes. (Unintentionally) will change them! And there is a salesman for a good sake on a bicycle that has a sweet relationship But strange with a quiet shy woman And of course there was a group of gossip women crouched in the hole in the middle of the ghetto. Nothing was too good to say about anyone except that it was erotic with men. The first thing to note is that all of this is the way in which Kurosawa defines the image. It posts a little apocalyptic, without looking at any time or place (that is, until in a few shots that we see cars and modern roads). Marginal But the concerns of these people, however, in the tragic boundaries, mean the separation of structures from the amazing power. Kurosawa went out to reveal the broken emotions of people, especially one scene, especially when men who looked dangerous. Dead with a hollow eye, sad, saddened, clothed, torn in silence as women go. <br /> <br >> Sometimes there is charm and even some laughs about getting to these people. I am still happy, perhaps a short comedy, with Rokkuchan (especially with Kurosawa's pendant as a painter on the road), or a clumsy silence with a man with a face image. His body has a temporary space, his camera movement is still like they have always been patient. But beware by arranging wide elements and awkward images, painful vision and sometimes faces. Amidst sometimes bizarre and touching some stories (Such as father and son in the car), especially sadly, Kurosawa screened his film and designed the first color scheme in Eastmancolor as one of his paintings. Lush, sprawling, sometimes above the seams But often with some control, this place does not need to "lighten"; It's as if the abstract is full of scenes in scenes where things look bright but much darker. It is a great double-edged sword that makes it sound like a dream with a heavy drama. <br /> <br /> With the score of "Movie" sweet, Toru Takemitsu (also responsible for Ran) and has some greatness. Performances from actors and scenes that are indelible in a wonderful career. Dodes'ka-den is the work of the director. But still close to his own conditions, as well as Kurosawa's plays such as Ikiru and Red Beard. There is a hard truth about the human condition without too much confidence.
