Lawrence Olivier and Merle Oberon made two films in two years. One is one of the greatest romantic movies and movies that make Olivier a great movie star. (And make her best acting role with Oron): superior height Another story is the film that was produced in England last year. DIVORCE of LADY X is a romantic comedy. (Due to the height of a man's romantic tragedy) Olivier is an attorney for Everard Logan, a dynamic lawyer. One night he checked in at the hotel before many people. It's a foggy night. (The type of fog, lentil soup in London, known for a long time until the "killer" fog that was famous in 1950) and the crowd (people attending the party in the hotel) needed a bed. The management tried to allow Logan to allow one or two social women to sleep on the couch and the day bed in his room, but he refused, but he did not expect Merle Oberon. Logan's room and dressing for him not only But agreed with her sleep there But still allocating his bed appropriately (He went up on the sofa /> On the next day, they shared breakfast and in smalltalk, it was obvious that even Logan didn't trust his woman and found Leslie very interesting. But she refused to tell her name to the kitten She is determined to learn more about him and she finds that his attitude towards women makes him angry. At the same time, Logan was contacted by a wealthy nobleman. (Ralph Richardson as Lord only) as a potential customer Only the suspects of his wife, Lady Miriam (Binnie Barnes), have a relationship. In fact, he said that Logan was a woman with her lover in a hotel that Logan knew that he was on the night of the fog. Logan jumped over to the conclusion that Lady Meré was his mysterious roommate that night. I will not go into any plot except to say that Leslie finally realizes that what Logan did wrong and decides to use it to teach a lesson about women. <br /> <br /> The script has Feeling Of the novel Wodehouse but not violent. The performances of Olivier, Oberon, Richardson, Barnes and Morton Selden (as Oberon's grandfather) are all wonderful. It shows that good actors can do with even the smallest material. Take a look at some small scenes to see what I mean: Selden's first scene complains about his soft coffee for the butler / park his car, which tells him correctly. Or Olivier manages a young employee in his office. Of course, there are two Lady Meres in the office two minutes ago (only Oberon and Barnes left) and ended up thinking that Or the waiter in the hotel that can't understand why the tenants in Olivier's room changed from men to women to men As I said, it is a slightly charming comedy - but it is very charming.
