The time that the prisoner arrived arrived to give the cold case information about the police killing many years ago. The murder of Sean Cooper, a good police officer, has never been modified. By nature, detectives believe that the new evidence will help them gather all the pieces of the puzzle that disappointed their colleagues. <br /> <br /> In the events we were brought to the baptism of James Bruno's baby Sean and Jimmy are partners. There was tension while Shaun, the godfather, had not arrived and was late for the ritual. Eileen Bruno is not happy to be there. She revealed the true mystery. She caught Sean drinking with Jimmy in the backyard, kissing her husband, and was even more shocked. Jimmy responded with willingness. <br /> <br /> Whatever the station, the partner became the center Of gossip Sean didn't love himself with his boss because he discovered involvement with criminals in his area that controlled the drug business. Sean realizes that this man is with a strong man in medicine because he always finds an excuse to get rid of trash bags. Sean and Jimmy drag into the station all the time. Too much pressure on Jimmy. Sean felt comfortable in his homosexuality and wanted to be honest about it. Cooper's father does not want to have anything to do with a strange son. Even the chief of McCree still wanted him to leave his jurisdiction. But this case was complicated because Cooper came from an Irish soldier serving in the police line. Sean was killed because of his homosexual condition and for knowing too much about the involvement of colleagues in receiving dirty money, Tom Pettit wrote a honest picture about the life of the police officer in His wardrobe and secrets Love with other police We think it is a straightforward story about a serious matter that no one is talking about in those days. Sometimes people involved in acting fearing retaliation from supporters or networks do not dare to present these real situations. Jeannot Szwarc demonstrates a delicate approach to this thorn problem that has been handled without Feeling excited when there may be performances with different teams. <br /> <br /> His ability is right with the goal, with the feeling of not leaving his hand. Shane Johnson was very involved in the show as Sean Cooper. The actors are amazing and include good performances from everyone under the supervision of Mr. Szwarc. <br /> <br /> Now Nick Vera gets closer to his neighbor. Is heading to romance with women!
