Galaxy Express 999 (Ginga tetsudô Three-Nine) was made in 1979, directed by Rintaro from the original work of Leiji Matsumoto. <br /> <br /> What I know little about the history of GALAXY EXPRESS 999. Was first published as a popular manga in the 1970s and was created by Leiji Matsumoto GE999, located in the same Star Wars universe as other famous space manga of Matsumoto Tsumoto: CAPTAIN HARLOCK In reality, the space pirate Harlock and himself Other characters from the manga (including Queen Emeraldas and Tochirô Oyama) appeared in GE999 GE999 as a manga success, and later with a popular anime series that includes more than 100 episodes. In 1978, a year later, this anime movie, which is not a sequel to the series But summarizing the main points of the story in the two-hour movie. <br /> <br /> The story is set in the future of the unidentified Star Wars, where traveling to different planets is possible. Future people can have a body. Is a mechanism by which they can live for hundreds of years or may forever The protagonist Tetsurô Hoshino is a young boy who witnesses the brutal Count Mecha, in which all bodies are made of mechanical parts, killing Tetsurô's mother. Tetsuro vowed to take revenge and convinced him that he could do it with his body as a mechanism. In order to obtain that, he had to travel to a distant planet with the spacecraft Galaxy Express 999. However, since Tetsurô came from poverty, he had no money to get expensive tickets. Accidentally, he met a beautiful woman named Maetel who was similar to his mother who had died. Maetel offered a ticket for Tetsurô, with the condition that she came with him on his journey. So the journey started. <br /> <br /> I watched this movie for the first time in October, about six months from now and again yesterday. I feel that I have to tell first about the things that bother me the most in this movie: seems to be very hurried Then again, what do you expect from a 2 hour movie that tries to tell the main theme of the series longer than 100 episodes? In any case, the situation will change at a fast speed, and Tetsuro met with other important characters in the story, most likely innocent. I feel that the manufacturer should leave something or add another 30 minutes. <br /> <br /> However, there is no proof that GE999 has been replaced as a classic anime. The animation is faithful to Matsumoto's manga style thoroughly and beautifully. Even after nearly 30 years of animation release, it has not become "outdated" but shameful of many subsequent anime movies. Music throughout the story is happy to listen to, although it is quite "old" today (it was the 70s after all). I have never heard the English dub of this movie so I can only comment on the Japanese voice that good The voice actors give life to their characters. The most memorable person is Masako Nosawa. (Mostly known as the voice of Dragon Ball Saga) as a Tetsurô who is excited and children and Masako Ikeda is a calm and mysterious Maetel The supporting characters were not left in the shadows. But still having the most memorable life for me in being Claire. <br /> <br /> The story is suitable for those who are looking for entertainment for two hours, just like those who are trying to find profound messages. Even more, GE999 is an entertaining adventure movie. But can still be seen as a journey of Tetsuro from childhood to masculinity The whole film is told from his point of view, so we are forced to feel what he feels. I think many people can relate to Tetsuro even though they have fantasy elements. But he is a very realistic character, a young boy, a hot and bulky head. We followed him when he began to see the difference between man and machine and came to the conclusion that he needed a mechanical body. On the other hand, Maetel remained a mystery in the movie and even at the end when she revealed who and what she was. Actually, it doesn't answer much. Maetel can see it as a dream of a young man who is always growing. But not far beyond reach. <br /> <br /> It's a strange relationship. But beautiful between Tetsurô and Maetel who still woke up to talk and question and fascinate after decades People argued that their relationship was caused by two friends, a mother and a child or two possible lovers. (Which caused many criticisms since the age of Maetel is unknown and Tetsurô has not reached puberty). I think the best words to describe them are "Soul mates" without using any methods. There are no questions that both feel sacrificed, cared for and loved each other. But it is beyond friendship, friendship, family and couples I think if their relationship is stuffed in any category, it will bring something out of the movie, both the story and the characters. The final scene, even if you already know what will happen, is still impressive and memorable. <br /> <br /> Despite all the planning and scenes that are repeated, GALAXY EXPRESS 999 still remains an anime-style cartoon. In the midst of movies like AKIRA (1988) of Katsuhiro Otomo and GHOST IN THE SHELL (1995) of Mamoru Oshii Later, Rinatro brought METROPOLIS (2001) Which looks beautiful, which asks the difference between man and machine. <br /> <br /> GALAXY EXPRESS 999 (1979) is a classic game that every anime fan should see at least once.
