This film is a small film production from Sam Fuller, which gives Richard Widmark the opportunity to demonstrate the best and most annoying performance in the role of Skip McCoy, a small thief who steals. Military secrets while choosing the Candy Candy (Jean Peters) of the beautiful on a crowded bus. It turns out that Candy is favoring her boyfriend (former) who works for "commies". <br /> <br /> Superficial has a mystery about Candy's motives and skips spending most of the time in this movie to consider Her motivation ?? In fact, he seemed to just think that she was initially "commie" as he poured beer on her face with a heart. But the real question is? What happened to the cross? What is his motivation and why does he love him so much? Why do we (the audience) want to like him a lot? Basically, what the filmmakers do here is creating an impressive "bad man" in Widmark's character and his performance. While male viewers tend to ponder the length of the movie, such as "The Big Sleep" or "The Glass Key" along with the main characters, regardless of whether the female characters are reliable or cute, the filmmakers have created here A similar uncertainty for female viewers. Widmark is handsome and charming in his childhood. ?? But the first two times he met our female leader, he robbed her and punched her in the face Finally, the question becomes ?? The cross will sink as low as possible to sell out his country for a buck. (His comments to the police, such as "You waving the flag at ME?" Makes us wonder if he will) or that he just goes out to avenge the revenge of his friend Moe (Thelma Ritter)? I am not sure whether the film gives both a conclusive answer. <br /> <br /> Thelma Ritter's character deserves a special mention? She has created a truly indelible character here. Fuller is not afraid to give her many "businesses"? In the form of physical objects that she used to attract viewers into her world, especially her use of relationships Another example of Fuller's "business" is the scene with Victor Perry. (Actors I have seen elsewhere before to reduce the effect) by using chopsticks to intimidate candy. <br /> <br /> Emphasizing the relationship of Mo in one of the themes "Honor among bandits" The most revealing of the cinema In fact, Skip has the same comfort and has a casual relationship with the police, with the exception of Capt. Tiger (Murvyn Vye) who is offended with him. I liked the scene where he invited the police to come by the name and offered them beer when they picked him up at his cottage. These are the details that make this movie feel like real? Whether it is "realistic" or whether it is a separate question, <br /> <br /> Everyone says I will say that this is an important crime movie that shows the best and most durable features. Many of the "Film Noir" schools of film making The predictable plot is set by colorful characters. (With excellent performance) Cheap dresses are hidden from the pace of the film's adhesion and the final product gives more feeling than it is. This is the best movie I have ever seen by Sam Fuller and helps me to see why he is regarded as the main director? Here he accomplished something that I thought he tried. But eventually failed to do in other films, such as "The Crimson Kimono" and "Shock Corridor", as far as having a really distinctive and suspicious acting style This is one of my favorite shows from Widmark I've seen? And Widmark is the ability that I want to say (From a couple of special movies that I saw with him) was comparable to Alan Ladd or Humphrey Bogart, although he didn't create many classic movies.
