'Shock Corridor (1963)' was my first movie from Samuel Fuller, and there I was impressed by the perfect combination of B-movie director and great budget aesthetics. 'Pickup on South Street (1953)' was launched a decade ago. In Fuller's career, it was clearly built on a large budget from the big name studio Twentieth Century-Fox. De In a somewhat raw and natural part of photography, unlike Dassin 'The Night and the City (1950)' and Kazan 'Panic in the Streets (1950)' {The latter was shot by cinematographer Joe McDonald} in some scenes. Fuller pushed the camera closer to the actor's face that they did not focus on, taking close thoughts, emotions and short deviations that were communicated through the most revealing faces, though (unexpectedly). Tend to be sexual and have Just a hint of anti-communist propaganda, 'Pickup on South Street' is a strong noir movie that is the most brilliant success in revoking the setting? The underground of New York City <br /> <br /> When the pickpocket that just left prison, Skip McCoy (Richard Widmark) grabbed a woman's purse on the subway (Jean Peters). He put more bags than him. Original bargain for Candy girl and her ex-boyfriend Joey (Richard Kiley) smuggled top-notch information to the Communists and McQueen unexpectedly retrieved an important microfilm. Will he change MacGuffin to be the right agency? Sell ​​to those who offer the highest price? If 'Pickup on South Street' is flawed, that seems to be designed to strengthen the anti-communist agenda without propaganda. For mobile nothing since WWII {Dwight Taylor, the story Home (1944) 'propaganda film single' no obvious reason all the characters specified time? Even the servant narrowly skips Skip McCoy? Eventually becoming a patriot who sacrificed himself, predictable changes from the beginning In the original Noir movie, unscrupulous criminals often receive punitive rewards for reasons of sin. But it seems not when they serve the country The patriotism will make the slate clean. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark, the actor who I started to like to play with a perverse arrogance. Than he can chew The opening scene on the train was the best movie, while McCoy caught a fish quietly in the victim's bag. Recalling 'Pickpocket (1959) of Bresson. " Will give information to anyone who is willing to pay (Of course, she came into the commission) Jean Peters is a good actor as a worthless person who passes the information to the other side, with almost no glamor role; It was reported that actress Fuller noticed that she had legs that bowed slightly from prostitutes. However, Peters will have to experience the love planned with Widmark, which will reduce the efforts of the film's realism. 'Pickup on South Street' is immediately labeled as a communist propaganda by the FBI and the Communist Party has condemned it as The opposite
