Samuel Fuller is one of America's best directors. I'm not sure that he is qualified as one of Hollywood's best craftsmen. But he definitely ranks with Hollywood's true top professional who is ready to walk to listen to his own music During the time he worked for the Hollywood studio, he knew how to work, assigning a form of material that was entirely sent to him and then quickly and efficiently changing it into something that is usually better than the part .. . At the time and budget for pickup trucks on South Road is the case on the spot. On the surface is another early Hollywood movie of the film against the Commie era of Hollywood that is full of interest in patriotism, hero, superheroes and bad people (and sweat). The bowler changed this Hollywood clichés into an exciting drama with a lot of twists. Skip McCoy, the hero, is a three-time loser. He until the end Monkey girl jumping in with a level of integrity that is easier if you are inclined. One of the most appealing characters is Moe Williams, a character and in an unusual way to fight Hollywood's Commies. The appeal to patriotism falls into the ears of the deaf. The hero doesn't have any motivation. He just wants to pay back the money for personal reasons and ends up being ... at least now ... the good guy <br /> <br /> In addition, most of the actors are assigned to the studio. Fuller, he has to do. Richard Widmark now has built his status as an actor and actor, but Jean Peters is a surprise. She gives a good image of a woman who is sexy and dumb and not better than her male friend ... or her client ... wants her to be And Richard Keighley, who would later become a two-time Tony Award winner at Broadway that was slippery and funky. It is hard to remember that he was an actor who harassed us. I meant to introduce to us. "An impossible dream" from Man of La Mancha, <br /> <br /> More than this story of a pickpocket Grab a purse in an underground car and find yourself with a microfilm secret instead of cash as Feds and Commies move forward with a great economy. The whole organization, with a classic look noir, only takes 80 minutes to tell the conversation with Fuller as a screenwriter. There are monotonous parties, style, plastered, boiled pulp. ... She's ok. "One character speaks to skip Candy. Fuller moved us fast enough from one scene to another, so we stuck to what would follow. Then Fuller showed the role of Moi Williams. Suddenly the story changed to a new level of interest, comedy and avoiding inevitable sadness. <br /> <br /> The thing I like the most about movies is the opening of examples of talent and points. Fuller's strength in 2 minutes and 15 seconds begins after the Fuller credit can immediately add power to the movie to create a story about us and show us that What kind of drama - skip and candy - we're going to be involved with And he did this with a very curious curiosity in a hot and hot subway car that we felt that Fuller was hooked on us. <br /> < br /> Glenn Eric, in my opinion, one of the best film critics "In what should be an unreasonable story, Sam Fuller defines his bizarre view of Americanism from the bottom up: strengthening his own interests that when fully expressed, realizing that there is What is wrong and what is right and not afraid to fight for it, as in his work, the person who fights for the most difficult country for his country is someone who has Minimum He was right and made the movie still bright after 55 years.
