Pickup On South Street is one of the best movies ever. Example of director: When Candy (Jean Peters) begins to walk through her purse and notices that her purse is missing, the warning signal disappears in the background in the building where she is - as if it were a warning sign to go. At her head It's not like cartoons - it is woven into a detailed background in the way you enter the subconscious level until you see this movie a few times and it "clicks" with a bell ringing when you start frantically. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark is above his game as a wise man - he's really great - but the highlight of the movie is the first scene of "Moe". Sales of roads / informants played by Tel Marit Later in her apartment, you didn't see the movie - you're seeing a real person. I never saw anyone. "Show" Actually, I felt like looking into the real room until Ritter's acting-down until her hair appeared a little when she took off her hat. <br /> <br /> About With millions of other things * that are effective * from the way that Lightning Louie collects money with his chopsticks to the way of clicking Candy's jewelry when she flicks Moe's hand away from her brooch. The dollar and the change from the police captain across the FBI's men's chest - and even the way the captain opened his filing cabinet like he did in that room for many years. "Pickup On South Street" is the details. Movement (supervision) with perfect performances (performances) and great performances now that are missed each day, such as truck panels, boards that lead to water huts. And a place that can't be forgotten across the stopping of his bag selection Great things. <br /> <br /> "Pickup On South Street" is one of the few movies that, although the characters are not perfect. But you are interested in them - perhaps because they have quite a brand Their past, in a form that is difficult to escape: crosses the "three losers" and sweets like a girl who "knocks around" a lot when these people behave better than you expected. It's an exotic way that makes it look like you're looking for someone you never imagined - and you know they are possible because of the actors. Make them a memorable human being
