After the failure of "Crusade" that made box office Cecil B.B. DeMille stopped making movies about non-American history. His films in the next thirteen years about our history from Jean Lafitte to the Second World War (Dr. Wassell). The first production sequence is the film starring Gary Cooper in Wild Bill Hickok, with Jean Arthur. Is Jane Calamity. James Ellison is a Buffalo Bill, John Milan (not a normal villain) is General George A. Custer and Anthony Quinn were one of the Indians who fought with him. The little villain, led by Charles Bickford (sold weapons to Indians) and Porter Hall, was Jack McCall (who killed Wild Bill Hickok). <Br / > <br /> Essentially, this film uses the history of the United States after the Civil War. Lincoln shows that the next step is that Lee now surrenders. Lincoln talks about the need for Western security. (More on this issue later) He then announced that he had to go to theaters on 14 April. It would be very busy for Abe - in "Virginia City". He gave a pardon to Errol Flynn at the request of Miriam Hopkins on the same day. <br /> <br /> Actually, while Lincoln is worried about West, his urgent thoughts on the last day of his presidency, were the unification of the former allies and citizens of the Union as soon as possible. It is what makes him interested in the West. (Except for the problems of Maximilian and the French control forces in Mexico with Juarez) but he was involved with the real problems with the West. In 1862, he sent General John Pope, the loser. Two Manassas, Minnesota, to put a serious Indian war by the Sioux. (The story of McKinley's novel Kantor, "Sprit Lake", Pope incompetent with Lee and Jackson. Would be quite effective here and the riots were beaten can speak But it is difficult to declare by a leading statesman like Teddy Roosevelt, speaking like "eating a good breakfast every morning for your health" is not the most profound policy statement is the statement of the known Cooper Turn it into a secondary mantra, such as Lincoln of Monroe. Lincoln's doctrine is ridiculous ... it's normal for DeMille's script. Common sense in them. Not m istake "The Plainsman" is an adventure movie, and because of this, DeMille has benefited greatly from filmmakers. As such, it is worth watching. But not a textbook about Lincoln's political ideas or his reference heritage
