Kim Basinger, starring Della, a housewife with twins (Terri and Tammi, performed by Luke Gair and Erika-Shaye Gair) and Kenneth, played by Craig Sheffer. <br /> <br /> The movie will open on the day Christmas Eve Kenneth is traveling home from work, driving a good car, letting me add him to his mobile phone, arguing with a business partner. When he returned home he saw that the floor was dirty with shoes and toys spread all over. This angers more and he and his wife, Della, ask her why the house is a mess. He pinned her to the wall. Double clock from the stairs He punched the wall, left the box and walked away. She always let children try to comfort them. After finishing speaking, she had to go to the mall to buy things at the last minute and because she had no wrapping paper. She got there and the car park was full because there were many last minute buyers. While she was looking for a parking lot, she noticed a car that parked two slots and made her angry. She eventually found a parking spot, causing her to walk to the hippie car and leave a message under the wiper that called the owner. Then she went to the mall to shop at the last minute. <br /> <br /> When she finally left the mall, it closed down and many people went out. However, not the owner of the car she left the note on and she noticed this on the way to her car. She also noticed that the notes that she had left under the wipers were no longer strange. When she reached her vehicle, she started. She noticed a car running up the back and preventing the car from backing up. She got out of the car to face the car owner (played by Chuckie by Lukas Haas). She left the note and the soldiers of his gang of friends. Shouting according to the police and department stores (Not not Paul Blair) went to see them to see what the problem was just to let his brain blown out of his head by Chuckie. As this happened, Della jumped into her car and started. It then drove across the median in front of her. Chuckie and his troops jumped in his car and gave chase. Della ended up bumping her vehicle into a piece of wood to develop housing. But she is not dangerous She managed to get it to the back of her vehicle. Open the hatchback and grab the toolbox before the thugs go there. <br /> <br /> Then Della spent the rest of the night to Trying to run away and go outside with a thug weapon with the tools she has in the toolbox as a weapon. The first kill, according to my opinion, is the best. The first killing that Della performed anyway The last person may be the weakest and should be the best person, considering that this is the main bad person that she is out of the house. <br /> <br /> I will admit that there will be something that is postponed to buy the episode. Finishing and I let myself down a bit Overall though it is fun and flick as it takes 1 hour 20 minutes
