The photographer Gordon Parks, a rich black life magazine, has created the true tomb of the movie here, which is a messy picture! From the true story of two New York police who later dubbed Batman and Robin, who used violent tactics to clean the neighborhood of drugs, this is a movie. Cop- Buddy before that word became a formula. Lightning went ahead without any unnecessary throwing scenes here. <br /> <br /> The early 1970s NYC had to be a terrible place to be an officer. Police from this movie and "Serpico", these two policemen, started as a security guard, inexperienced, caught merchants wearing ordinary clothes in their free time, but instead received applause from the city police department, they didn't. Received nothing but resistance and antagonism from their friends They have to follow the minefield, police and legal corruption only. Assignment to prevent them from going to work on the streets, ruthless drug-addicted kings and nasty slums. <br /> <br /> Both David are great leaders. Part of the entertainment is watching Leibman's eyes gushing like crazy in every scene in an impeccable cartoon show and Selby's performance is important and humble. Both of these create all the jokes of the story - show obvious dissatisfaction mixed with courageous determination. Park's director, who is well known for his controversy about photography, does not shy away from the discontent of the story. Rather, this film does not give up in showing the world 's durability of the police and criminals in the streets that these two men live. Adding to this realism is the fact that Hantz and Greenberg, in fact, acted as a technical consultant for the film and also appeared in a fancy cameo role as two colleagues who mocked the protagonists. It is a true tribute to the efficiency of the direction of the park that he managed to balance this sad mile perfectly with bright comedy. <br /> <br /> Why MGM / UA let it sit on? Shelf for 30 years. Is it a home video or DVD released in the United States? It was a small masterpiece from the 1970s.
