Prior to Crash, there was an interesting movie called the Grand Canyon. Released about 14 years earlier than the old movie, the Grand Canyon is a movie about two people from different backgrounds that come together. A lifelong friend for me, Crash is still a little better movie, but the Grand Canyon is not sleepy. <br /> <br /> That happened in Los Angeles, a high-class lawyer named Mack (Kevin Kline) takes time to pass through the seedier side Of the city just to let his car break down at the worst time He called for a tow truck and had to wait a moment only to be threatened by a dangerous group of people who needed his car shortly. Soon the tow truck driver came to the perfect moment and went out with Simon (Danny Glover) to take the truck away. Both men were threatened. But Simon managed to get himself Mac and the car out of the horrific strait. It came from here that the friendship developed between two men throughout their lives with Mac helping Simon, just as Simon saved him from the previous dangerous situation. You see Deborah, Simon's sister. (Tina Livford) lives in a dangerous area with her two children and is afraid of the eldest son who seems to be roaming the streets at night with the bad guys. Mac offers a better place for them to have a better life, including Simon and his friend Alfre Woodard. <br /> <br /> This is the main story of this movie. The above secretary (Mary Louise Parker), including Mack's wife (Mary McDonnel), who discovered the abandoned baby shortly after their son Roberto (Jeremy Sisto in his first screenplay) went to the camp for the season. Hot and likely Moving forward with his own life soon The details of these plans were combined into one complex movie, which uses a police helicopter as a metaphor for life and a bridge connecting all the different scenes. This simple plot device works very well and can help a lot with the flow of the story. <br /> <br /> Director Lawrence Kasdan, the biggest movie of today, is The Big Chill created Great movies here The actors were excellent and most of the ideas were well thought out. But it still lacks excellence because there are some issues that will make this film stronger Story related to the secretary Is one story and the second story deals with Simon's nephew is another matter These scenes should be separated from the whole story more, and perhaps the life view of Lawrence Kasdan between the elites and the lower classes should be at a superior level rather than very good. The Grand Canyon is still beyond expectations, and yes, you can see the scenery of the valley where the film was named after. There is also a small role for Steve Martin as Davis, a violent filmmaker who presents his own perspective of life and has a small part to play in the movie's mind. this story
