If you want to know that most actors and directors in the Hollywood scene "make it" where they are, most will tell you (Assuming that they will tell) that a coincidence happened They found the right person at the right time and entered the appropriate project that led to other connections and other projects. Quinten Tarrantino attended the acting instructors known as Harvey Keitel, Kevin Spacey, behind. The stage from the old woman who slept in the famous playwright's lecture that helped him to play an important role And Robin Williams credited his work with Gary Marshall's son, after seeing "Star Wars" suggesting that his father saw that an alien should visit Cunningham's "Happy Days" Many of these coincidences have been seen as pure luck in today's Hollywood career. Or it is pure luck What else is possible? "Grand Canyon", written and directed by Lawrence Cassan, offers a completely different explanation for the mysterious things which are amazing coincidences. The movie is related to many different characters that have happened because of the positive and unexplained events. <br /> <br /> Kevin Kline, a middle-aged father with a breakdown in a dangerous area One of L. After he calls the tow truck, the young gang sues him. They threatened to use violence if he didn't leave the car. Before the confrontation escalated, Danny Glover appeared as a tow truck driver and reduced the gang's intentions. Although the gloves will be rejected later But he may save Kline, the producer (Steve Martin) from the cheap violence movie shot in the leg and after the ward has a spiritual experience. He then announced his retirement from blood production and blood entertainment, and Kline's wife Claire (Mary McDonnell), while trotting in the morning, found a baby hidden in the leaf. She claimed that the child cried for her and said The "help" of the baby was ordered in advance. <br /> <br /> The movie explores further the results of these strange connections which lead to further relationships. And while strange stray men appear Throughout the movie, as if he were connected to everything that happened. <br /> <br /> It's very rare in Hollywood or general movies to explore. It's truly a mystery. There are some moments that seem unbelievable. But may be an issue What makes this film work is a great show from the actors. Although miracles and coincidences may seem like far away, actors make you believe that they are experiencing these new truths. Perhaps this is something that we should explore more often.
