I returned to visit the Grand Canyon earlier this year when I planned to think of the top ten best programs in 1990. I watched the movie for the first time when I was 17 years old. How did I hear about it? It was reviewed and highly recommended by Siskel & Ebert in 1991 and finally I found it in the video a year later. <br /> <br /> It's a great movie, a powerful movie. Movie about healing about power True listening and listening to each other I've seen it six times already and it is entertaining and inspires me to continue to watch. But why the criticism is not good for this movie? Maltin's movie guide scored two out of four. Too much, too coincidence, not too strong, is the phrase that I read the most Yes, there is a melodrama on this issue, and yes, there are many coincidences as well. But it gives the intensity and strength that looks soft for all "plans" that are available in the Grand Canyon, such as driving by shooting, police chase, earthquakes, love relationships, young women discovering another baby in the bushes One match occurred near the accident. The driver and worldly guide from the homeless man, this movie won the award due to Kevin Kline's intelligent performance, Steve Martin, Mary McDonnell, Alfre Woodard, Danny Glover and Jeremy Sisto. And the writing of Lawrence Kasdan. Did you know that this is not just another movie when you consider the sequence at the beginning of the movie related to Kevin Kline, which was persecuted by four black youths? Danny Glover plays as a tow truck driver who helps the character Kline, but not before he is threatened by the group leader. Listen to the conversation that children recommend to Glover. "Are you scared of me because of me or because I have a gun?" <br /> <br /> The Grand Canyon is full of one continuous scene. Steve Martin should be nominated for the best supporting actor as a filmmaker with a change of mind and then change his mind. I think his character is a warning that "goodness" can lead us forward. Ideal ideals are virtues. But what we have to continue to fight more than rely on. <br /> <br /> I'm afraid that the Grand Canyon might be gone forever in the wilderness of non-new models at video stores. But with the agreement now for older models that are as low as 99 cents, I urge everyone who reads reviews from reviewers that you are grateful after renting. The Grand Canyon is something special. If you love Magnolia, another movie that has a deep humanity band, you'll love Grand Canyon as well.
