Two-thirds of nearly 2,000 IMDb users who voted for this film gave a score of 8, 9 or 10, and one user reported having six video tapes. (Is this a record or is it just an unusual VCR?) Although this film is primarily intended for a period of time But it has an unusual charm But for some reason, I imagine that it is a strange thing, and recently it was never felt like watching it My thoughts changed from the original book of Elizbeth Von Arnim. My wife likes to read books. But her eyes do not allow her to read anymore, so she borrowed in the form of a talk book These books often bother friends who are busy with other things, but I gradually come to appreciate that this book is relaxing, charming, even without syrup and still writing very well. I know that my wife will enjoy watching movies and deciding to buy her videotapes. Now I am very happy that I have done and will recommend buying to others who appreciate the quiet light reflections without fireworks. But with the development of well-built characters and the atmosphere before Italy that was very successful This happened in the post-World War I period and began with two women who married in London, who decided to combine their savings and enjoy the holidays together, away from their families in a vacation home in Italy. The power of the situation leads to this couple who have two people with different characters and backgrounds. Its theme is not just the interaction that occurs during their holidays, not only But only between women who are four different adults But there are also occasional visitors If you want action, thrill, drama, drama, natural or man-made or love, Harlequin is not a movie for you, but IMDb users have clearly demonstrated that these things are not necessary for Movies that will prove rewarding to watch, and if you're interested in trying it out, you might be what I've rated as one of your favorite movies. <br /> <br /> It's hard for me to watch movies of books that I'm already familiar with. In many cases, I find that this makes the happiness away from watching movies. But here there is an attractive image in the setting that I find that my happiness has increased from the expectation of seeing the next part of the book in front of me (perhaps Italy itself has participated in this last issue I had this experience when I watched the story from Boccaccio's Decameron on TV. In general, the movies of the book often add original drama work to increase the confidence of the filming work. With a wider interest But here, if anything is reduced to allow the audience to pay more attention to the development of the character in small increments than in any background, it works very well, although the changes from the book are minimal and basically this movie Still true to the original story The great credit came from director Mike Newell and all the members of the actors, especially well-known British actresses who played four main women.
