The three youngest descendants of the Gaylord family, one of America's most important dynasties, were orphaned at a young age. Before he traveled to France to fight in the First World War, their father told Fiona that the oldest would not sell the land. By the time the elder became an adult, they had to pay a large amount of money to pay a lawyer to protect their property. Through some loopholes according to the wishes of a father, a man named Charles Barclay stood up to occupy the Gaylord land, which he wanted to build a complex called Barclays Circle. Barclays is based on John D. Rockefeller, who bought land and buildings from a wealthy family in New York so he could build a Rockefeller Center. <br /> <br /> This film deals with concerns about the three sisters. Fiona, played by Barbara Stanwick, although not counted as one of her best roles, seems to be a cold and obsessive woman, and it is clear that she has a skeleton. Was in her closet Susanna, played by Nancy Coleman, is a small man and falls in love with a young artist named Kik. Coleman is my favorite work in this movie. Evelyn, played by Geraldine Fitzgerald, is a deceiver named monocle who married a noble blood in England. But that didn't stop her from trying to steal gigs from her sister. The three sisters were quite well developed. But since the major trend in The Gay Sisters was never good enough, Charles Barclay played by George Brent. He was not very good. He would be satisfied if this story played out as it should be But he seems to be a miser in the movie When we were asked to sympathize with him in a slow movie, it was impossible. Gig Young played by huh?, Gig Young. No, he didn't play by himself. What happened was an actor who had previously starred in many movies under his real name, Byron Barr, being pressured by Warner Brothers to change his name to something more catchy. I'm not sure who is the last choice. But he eventually changed the screen name to Gig Young after the character he played in The Gay Sisters. Strange, right? Young is quite good through most movies. But the script did some unfortunate things with his character in the film, which eventually endangered the audience's sympathy. In the other two roles supporting Helen Timik and the Lockhart genes are quite good. <br /> <br /> Gay Sisters have great potential to become one of the great family novels. The characters are all as interesting as their situation. Unfortunately, the script doesn't try anything more than the simplest melodrama. If it makes the relationship of all the main characters more complex, such as the competition between Evelyn and Susanna, or makes the dating more complicated In addition, it may cause more proliferation, allowing us to know more about the Gaylord family. We have to pay more attention to the characters and we have to sympathize with them more. And the ending requires some important revisions It just gave up at the end. Fiona's problem was badly resolved. Her character received sympathy when the film collapsed. It's too happy It seems that this story will step into a tragedy or maybe just a historical feeling or loss. And we still hate Barclays And the conflict between the two brothers and Kik has never been resolved. Fiona's terrible story ends. Susan Kik and Evelyn are worse. <br /> <br /> I still like this movie. It can be viewed thoroughly, although it is not related to us like the best movies of other times. 7/10 Most for potential. It should be remade or the novel should be modified in some periods in the studio era. Today is too much to be rearranged. The 50s will be the best time of the movie, like Giant.
