I saw Rob Roy for the first time twelve years ago. With a little money for entertainment, I rented it for my fiancé and I watched the cold winter's bones. The movie I wanted to disappear, so I rented it instead, didn't expect much and was very surprised by the goodness it was. I just watched it again and loved it as much as the first time. <br /> <br /> For those who are not familiar with the story, Robert Roy McGregor is an outlaw, a Scot and a folk hero. From the little story that I know about this man and his story, freedom has been applied to the facts. But it's a movie, not a textbook, so filmmakers can make excuses. In general, the plot of the film is Rob Roy borrowing money from the Marquis of Montrose to buy a cow, which he intends to sell and reap large profits. But his plans were destroyed when a friend who deposited money was robbed and killed in the forest. Our hero finds himself fleeing from the failure to deal with this Marquis, and his wife Mary is raped by a sadistic man in the hands of Archibald Cunningham, the unclean Englishman. The cruelty arose until in a very satisfying conclusion, Rob Archibald carvings like a Christmas turkey. <br /> <br /> There are many great performances in this movie. But let me experience something, especially Liam Neeson. Normally, it's a sexy monster that you can't take your eyes off. Honestly, this guy is like ice cream: even though he's not good, he's good. Rob Roy is an honorable person who struggles to provide for those who rely on him in the best way he knows. Jessica has a reason, while Mary gives this woman a violent, which is a great change from the movie's dull wife's audience, often being forced to endure. You just know that she doesn't get b.s from Rob or others for that matter. Tim Roth is above the peak by describing his evil Archibald. But it works well Posing and starting with the evil dialogue has resulted in one of the most memorable movie villains in recent memories. Combine all this together and the outstanding work of other supporting players with Scotland's sweet scenes and you have a great movie that is really wonderful. If you don't see this, I suggest you do
