In 1995, when many people talked about the first release of BRAVEHEART, Mel Gibson saw another very good story, although it was a very different movie, especially due to the historical moments with story settings. ROB ROY is very similar, not only with the great BRAVEHEART, but also the spirit of epic movies. <br /> <br /> It's a movie that discusses similar topics, such as connecting This honor, courage, honor, vengeance is the key to family happiness. It also leads us to the pleasures of the Scottish Highlands, where human spirits find that their accommodations are surrounded by greatness of all nature. Robert Roy McGregor (Liam Neeson) The main character is a real hero. (Universal in the epic) The "Scottish Robin Hood" type that struggles to lead his people out of oppression by the cold noblemen. Even though he had worsened his situation through action, he had to suffer a lot, two things in his heart, undeniably: the honor he received from himself and his love for women, Mary McGregor. (Jessica has a reason) that caused him to unexpectedly happen. <br /> <br /> Except for the interesting content and the action that is quite bright, the movie is full of amazing images. This factor involves both the set and the location of the movie, including the wardrobe. Many memorable moments are in the minds of any audience that can make themselves understand the art image. For me, the most beautiful scene is in the Highlands when Rob Roy told his children that what does honor really mean? Then he sent them out and made love with his woman beautifully. The scene in which he escaped Marcus of Montrose (John Hert) went to the waterfall that was worth seeing with amazing pictures. <br /> <br /> Of course, there is a graphic violence like in a duel, for example. But I don't think this violence is as dangerous as in other modern movies. Reasoning is like other epic: bloodshed and brutality in those days is very serious and there are no hidden points. The most annoying scene for me is the rape of Rob Roy's wife by the villain of the story: Archibald Cunningham (Tim Roth). It's truly disgusting and children should stay away. All the rest is OK, but there is one aspect that makes me really love this movie is the show. <br /> <br /> All the actors do a great job from leading Lian Neeson that suits the role. Of the high, brave and strong The Scotsman joins with the supporting actors of Brian Cox, the evil actor Killearn, a quiet witness about the horrific act that feels comfortable with the wickedness of the war. Jessica has the same great effect as Mary McGregor and has the most beautiful moments in the movie. There is a chemistry between Ms Lange and Mr Neeson. In many scenes, John Hurt, one of the best British actors, has done a great job as Marguis of Montrose, the man who has lost money in his own goal. I like the calmness of his image, but the real villain Tim Roth shows the distressing role of his character. Archibald, the man who ridiculed the love of war and found the true desire to Rape and murder But just like the great epic, this great evil must end ... <br /> <br /> And one more aspect: music scores: memorable songs and sensitive emotions bound to The sound in the ear for a long time. The last moment gave me tears, not only because of the beauty it conveyed. But because I blend these happy songs with the greatness of various places Scotland is still the heart of visitors and this movie reminds me of the permanent impact. It was like my second trip to Scotland. <br /> <br /> ROB ROY is a very good film directed very well. Take pictures and show. Maybe it is not the same as BRAVEHEART, which has many spectacular scenes and crowds in the fight scene. But it is a rather long film that has a lot of interest with one of the important features that the cinema should have: amazing entertainment I really enjoyed this movie. Don't hesitate to call it. "Highlands of Entertainment" compare and rate 9/10
