That would not be good for this good movie that had to be released the same year as Braveheart, although it was a very different type of movie But the conflict between the Scottish and British aristocrats is the front and center here as well. About 400 years ago, when Braveheart was born and Rob Rob was set up But some things never change Scotland, also run by the English nobles and the Highlands, cannot stop when dealing with them. Rob Roy does it beautifully, but it's not a great epic that Braveheart is without a big battle and conflict here. More people And so helpful, not everyone in England who represents evil, this time Rob Roy is just a movie about the noble and true evil. <br /> <br /> Liam Neeson plays Is Rob Rob MacGregor. He is the leader of the MacGregor family, and his basic duty is to protect the cattle of the local noblemen, known as the Marquis of Montrose (John Hurt). Winter is approaching and the title seems to be no food for everyone. Rob Roy plans to borrow 1,000 pounds from the Marquis together and buy his own cattle. He then sold it at a higher price and used money to improve the well-being of his community. Sounds fair enough? The problem arose when two Marquis companions stole money for themselves. One of them, known as Archibald Cunningham, may be the most evil character ever in the movie. Tim Roth plays astonishingly. This man is an innocent nobleman sent to Marquis's mother. This guy is a disgusting, rude, cruel and dangerous woman with a sword. He fed the young woman's hand and refused to own the responsibility. He raped Macgregor's wife and burned him out of the house. This guy is rotten like a movie character. Along with Marquis's cousin (Brian Cox) Cunningham stole money and used it to pay off his own debts. Although it is clear that most people have been hurt, Marquis still holds MacGregor. This debt causes conflicts to live and challenge the strength of men. Just fight to hold on to his dignity. < br /> <br /> A spoiler in front !!!!! <br /> <br /> Luckily for the MacGregor's, Duke's friend Marquis didn't set up a final fight between Rob Roy and Cunningham to resolve conflicts like The One This sword fight has been considered by many people as being one of the best movies ever. Cunningham thinks that many people will definitely win with his speed and elegance. And for most battles it seems that these features will win When Rob Roy seems to have finished, he will change the table in an astounding unusual way. The first time you see what happens, you may be shocked like Cunningham! Rob Roy filmed beautifully, acted as a miracle and walked perfectly. The score is also memorable. The selection of actors seems to work as Jessica Lang, who may not seem to be in her composition and actually transforms into one of the strongest performances as Mary McGregor. This film is violent. But without too much blood However, it is a picture full of deviant behavior. Most nobles play as moral and not rigid. This film has no obvious flaws, so it gets 10 out of 10 stars. <br /> <br /> The Hound
