This is the story of the legendary hero of Rob Roy and his fight with feudal landowners, as well as the Braveheart that is often compared. It doesn't have much historical significance. Even though the character is essentially a character But I rated both of these films very seriously and would be hard to choose between these two stories. William Wallace, in the 13th century, was much larger than the general public, while Rob Roy in the early 18th century was a Scotsman. Honest but ordinary <br /> <br /> The story revolves around the leader of the tribe. Robert Roy McGregor, who lives in a cottage on the Scottish Highlands with Mary, his wife and two sons When the movie began, he and his tribe friends were pursuing some robbers who stole the cattle of the local lord. Rob Roy desires to improve the lives of his people in order to borrow one thousand pounds of Scots from the local nobles at the Marquis of Montrose to buy cattle to market. He temporarily gave this money to his friend Alan McDonald. When both McDonald's and the money disappeared, Rob Roy found himself in conflict with Montrose, including his offensive protégé, Archibald Cunningham and Killearn's honor, Rob Roy. Received a test when Montrose tried to involve him in a false witness against his opponent, the Duke of Argyle, whom he wanted to accuse of being a Jacobite. <br /> <br /> Liam Leeson, whose charm is great, Rob Roy who is higher than anyone in the world This Rob Rob, intelligent and noble hero and a man of honor is at the heart of the matter. Personally, I feel that this is the best work of Neeson, which is his work. (Although Irish) will increase the credibility of the average audience. Rob Roy is a stubborn, proud, brave and honest person who can trust this word. He is a husband and a loving and loyal father to McDonald's, who is accused of robbing him. <br /> <br /> Tim Roth shows the image of his important adversary and is certainly one of the worst villains. And the most sadistic sadistic character, Archibald Cunningham, a peacock that is rude and ruthless He is very weak for someone who makes his main business destroy local women, whether willing or otherwise. Cunningham continued to pity himself, referring to the fact that he was a heretic, not knowing his father's identity. But this is almost impossible to prove the horrible guilt of murder, rape and burglary. In addition, mercilessly throwing a young woman Betty, after she conceived his child, causing suicide. John Hurt plays the arrogant and arrogant Montrose, who eventually becomes Cunning's father. Ham. <br /> <br /> This film is a very reliable love story between ordinary people and his wife, Roy and Mary, who questioned the passion of marriage. This was my wife! I think the phrase used by this couple 'How comfortable are you for me ...' is one of the most beautiful expressions of all movies. <br /> <br /> Jessica Lang is probably the most interesting work. As Mary McGregor, Rob's wife She has a beautiful shape. But the natural look of a strong wife and mother farmer The actors brought courage and dignity to her role when she was brutally raped by the disgusting Cunningham while Killearn looked disgusting. Her conversations are simple but full of pride and elegance. I gave Hollywood because when they showed enough in the rape scene to reveal the brutality, as well as Mary's pain and humiliation. But nothing to make exciting Their relatives Alastair McGregor expressed the emotional anguish when he learned of Mary's rape and suffered more when she vowed that he would conceal the secret of not revealing Cunningham's abuse with her husband. <br /> <br /> Of course, this movie has beautiful views of the Scottish Highlands, including ancient costumes and appropriate musical ratings. There are no great fighting scenes like Braveheart, but there are continuous action scenes and fascinating sword fighting, especially in the final battle between Rob Roy and Cunningham. This is an enchanting movie that has both action. Action and beautiful love story
