Ride With the Devil There are some things that are rich and special if you can stand slow development. While fighting the darkness, brutality of the brutal guerrilla warfare in Western America during the civil war (Which turned out to be an outlaw in the west of the 1870s). This film still maintains an unpleasant atmosphere. What I refer to is the tendency of the music and the light of the movie that will make you feel the mood you expect, but RWTD has a lot of soundtrack and gives words and action. The senses of the audience <br /> <br /> As an enthusiasm in the specific area of ​​CW history, I am very impressed with the accuracy of this film. Expert notes written (Despite the sometimes subtle humor) that has references to bushwhackers and previous student struggles (Independence like ... is a far way from the Oregon route!) The small events that happened to Jake's band are similar to actual events ... especially when attacking them. Entering the house and destroying the shop / booth. The fight scenes, though rare, will perform quite well There is also the first battle of the CW cavalry placed on film. <br /> <br /> The director shows the ability that everyone expects from Ang Lee in a profound form. Example: Character Black John's shows that there were people living in Lawrence Lawrence during the massacre: "Where's your army?" Who will we fight?? Who will we fight! Nothing will stop the killing while the sound continues.) You are a coward! Who is a coward? That little touch helps raise the quality of the movie. <br /> <br /> There is no important part in history, which cannot be said to be the masterpiece of the Glory film, which is a novel in the context. of Its important events are as follows. Some minor problems include the fact that the year shown by the event shown is not included. But you won't notice that The bigger curiosity is the fact that only one African-American male character in this film is a semi-slave fight for Jake and his allies. It is true that some blacks fought for the Confederacy there, including those who had scouted Lawrence for Quantrill before the attack (who would doubt him?). Although this black rebel is an interesting character (No matter what African-American PC may think of him), there is only one Union soldier in this movie, which will be more retaliation for the Black Sea experience in the Western world. One of CW's first black troops was raised in Kansas. (By murderer Senator Jim Lane and earlier 54th Reg. Of Fame were organized) and black soldiers in combat, such as Baxter Springs, KS played important roles. <br /> <br /> No mistakes. In the past, staring The good deeds are reasonably infrequent and not a delight. Good director This movie may not be a blockbusters recently, but it is the cleanest work.
