Taiwanese director Ang Lee, who had directed the film 'Sense and Sensibility' and 'The Ice Storm', turned to use the American Civil War for his latest features. Based on Daniel Woodrell's novel, it follows the exploits of guerrilla groups in the south, known as bushwhackers. As they fight against the equivalent of the north, the jayhawkers in the backwater of Missouri have many internal organs. But focusing on the tensions that arose with the young men who fought with it - many people fought with their former neighbors and family. Jake Roedel (Tobey Maguire) was like that or was a boy while he was only seventeen when The war came to Missouri. He is the son of a German immigrant. But instead of pursuing his fellow countrymen and becoming a union, he joined with fellow friend Jack Bull Chiles (Skeet Ulrich) for the rest of his life and riding with bushwhackers despite not being accepted because of his ancestors and unwilling to take part. Participated in the murder of an armed group, he remained loyal to the cause. His friend Daniel Holt (Jeffrey Wright), a black slave who is free from another bushwhacker and fighting for the south. <br /> <br /> Lee manages the matter with self-confidence without having to hurry in deep introspection. Action's favor and this makes the movie feel the reality of the war - for a long time of boredom and waiting to come in with the flash of some of the most terrifying battles. The action was not praised and frankly admired that both sides had a lot of cruelty. <br /> <br /> The performances were wonderful by Maguire and Wright, both brave and elegant. Jonathan Rismer Meyers, a hot and cold Irish actor, especially as a merciless killer, while Skeet Ulrich is gentle and arrogant. Lee has never been shaken by the reality of war. But his actors act admirablely in showing the goodness that comes from it - the growth of friendship, the courage and the liberation of the oppressed people. Ride With the Devil is a beautiful and beautiful movie. Deep sympathy that bumps regularly But will always stimulate the audience
