<br /> <br /> When waiting for Angie's new movie "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" I saw this in a blockbuster and thought I would try it. Civil war movies are not general movies that I watch. Fortunately, I have a good feeling about this director. This film is written amazingly. The dialogue is in the style of the South. But it doesn't sound strange and old-fashioned. Great performances help make the film better. Toby Maguire is great. (But nothing special) in Pleasantville But here he shines I always thought that Skeet Ulrich was a good actor. (But nothing special) but here he is excellent as well The shocking thing for me is the Jewel. She is amazingly good. Jeffrey Wright, which I had never heard before, was excellent in this movie. For me, great performances and excellent writing and directing together Movies that are poorly written make the actor look bad and vice versa. This movie has the perfect combination. The actors look great and the development of the characters is exciting. This film helps you desire and hope for good things for some people and bad things for others. It helps you get to know the characters that are dynamic and interesting. The plot is complex and puts you on the edge of the guess seat and ready for everything at any time. In fact, dozens of times, I'm confident that someone is going to be killed in the silent part of the movie. "Too quiet." (Excellent director) This is a beautifully filmed movie. The scenery is not surprising. (Based in Missouri and Kansas for the sake of goodness) but has a clear interest in choosing an excellent environment Has a rough and rough feeling But still the elegance that is pleasing to the eyes This movie is deep. It tells the story and in doing so makes you think It has layers under the story of an external civil war. In particular, it focuses on two characters who are not sure what they are fighting for. There are many profound problems associated with this film. It is like a beautifully written short story filled with symbols and artistic specialties that make you think during and after the story. If you like acting, writing, acting, and the best directors of all time, watch this movie! Take this opportunity
