One of the people who were not widely regarded during the recent Asian events. Gojoe was the first person who was slow and often wondered. But overall, there are great deals, exciting, exciting and beautiful. I am sorry to say that I do not know anything about Buddhist philosophy or Japanese history and the myths surrounding this movie, so my deeper meaning is gone from me. But even without contextual knowledge Higher plane The story is based on Benkei, a warrior god and a demon who tries to enlighten him by destroying the demon of Gojoe Bridge: Prince Shanao himself is the person who seeks death after his own higher plane. But this time the power of the devil Therefore, this film became a subject of illusions and in the case of Benkei, uncertainty, the contradiction that the true goal is self-knowledge so that Benke agrees with his true nature and Prince Shanao will face the nature of What He tried to be Benji is stuck here because of the fact that his dark nature has caused him to contradict the world, even when not in an open conflict. He is uncomfortable. Director Sogo Ishii manages this as an epic. With the measured speed, the camera works in style and is often crazy without neglecting the need for a quiet time to allow the place to sink in there. The atmosphere has the air of fantasy to most movies. But apart from the supernatural moments revealed, it is a dirty and dirty fantasy, with a shorter period of time than a fancy flight. The movies of Makoto Watanbe are important here, lively and detailed. The actor Daisuke Ryu acted gracefully and powerfully with a mysterious brutality like Ben Kae. While Tadanoob Asano had a cool arrogance like Prince Shanao, Satoshi Nakase was the leader in the story. Various as a normal, intelligent and cynical person But still do not know what the bet is This movie fits well. But it is sometimes, it starts to slow down, some shots are drawn slightly and the battle scenes are even bigger than necessary. For fighting, it takes more force than the actual movement. It has artistic effects. But may cause general action fans to be obscured by blinking blade objects and fast moving people, rotating with deadly force through their opponents It is something to energize. But in the end I can do a little more traditional There is also unfortunate cgi bloodshed. It works in the context. But still distracting Overall, although I found this movie to be a great movie But not for normal action fans or fencing enthusiasts looking for another Azumi But is a mysterious and deeper animal than the ending, especially Of the said fare But for myself, it really works and for those who like adventure Recommended at all rates
