It seems Ogre will not get a very good reputation since it was launched in 1988, and I guess that is the reason that may cause the fact that it has received the 'Demons 3' narration to help sell better. ; The people behind the first two movies of demons and monsters and demons are different. (In that they both are "The next monster") ... but other than that, this movie is not related to the other two stories. However, it's quite good! Italian filmmakers are famous for editing popular movies and while it is not clear. For me, it seems that this has been influenced by the Hellraiser quite a bit. The story focuses on the female horror writer who moved with her husband and son to a castle in Italy. She was haunted by memories since she was a child and found a demon that lived in her basement. Shortly after moving into the castle before these visions come back ... and it may be more than a coincidence, because she believes that there are monsters that live in the basement. <br /> <br /> This film sees Be clear Filmed at an economical price and made for Italian TV, so it is unrealistic to expect something wonderful But for this it is a very good horror movie Lamborghini Bava might not be interested in the eyes as his father Mario did. But he had to take time to create an atmosphere that was really good to watch movies Setting up a large castle center makes the perfect place for stories like this to happen and Lamberto does the best. Although it is related to tearing out movies that are sometimes superior; Such as the Inferno style pool scene, the story of the character is not as good as the atmosphere as it was drawn for too long and the relationship between the characters is rather strange (Especially between husband and wife) There is not a lot of bloodshed, but Bava can do little with special techniques. The ghouls are very stupid and a good job that we don't see often. We boil down to the joints if the guess is over and overall I have to say that this movie is better than expected and recommended.
