For anyone who has not seen this film, I have a friendly warning: Do not watch "La Casa dell'Orco" expecting any demons at all because you will not find them here. This film is not the third episode of the "Devil" series and is not related except Lamberto Bava directed their performance. In fact, Michele Soavi's "The Church" is still informally known as "The Devil 3" and is a deceptive name in that case. So think about it. Apparently because of the success of the movie "Devil"; They try to deceive the audience with a misleading name, even though it is clear that this is an unconnected story. Having said that, I think it's not fair. On the other hand, to say "La Casa dell'Orco" is not worth the look. In fact, this movie is quite atmospheric and although there are some hilarious situations that are not accidental. But I think it's truly creepy in the whole picture. Anyway, I think it's fair to say what matter is trying to imitate. "House by Cemetery" by Lucio Fulci. Of course, it's just speculation that I have. But I think I have the right evidence For example, in both films, Paul Marco is a family man in both films. There is a little son named Bobby that is annoying in both films. A woman in the house is thirty-beautiful that looks like. Will be the only one To see if there is something wrong in the new house and in both films there is something truly wrong in the basement. I'm sorry but I can easily connect the two movies and I didn't tell. That is an allegation On the other hand, my point is that "The House by the Cemetery" enthusiasts may enjoy this movie as well. Of course, "La Casa dell'Orco" is less frightening. But still have a formula. <br /> <br /> In "La Casa dell'Orco" Charel, Tom, her husband and the youngest son, Bobby, go on a deserted vacation. The castle is located in the heart of an Italian villa called Trifiri, leaving the beauty of the place. Soon after their arrival, Charles began to feel that she had been there before, which was impossible when considering her. Never went to Tripiri before Sadly, Charlemagne was unable to defeat Déjà Vu and the worst part was her vision, accompanied by images of terrifying creatures that followed her. Tom, who is not a very patient person, will start to suggest that she leave behind ridiculous hallucinations and enjoy the holidays. However, the vision of women became more real and peace and tranquility that they should enjoy, became a living nightmare. The old nightmare from Charel's childhood became real, and this time she will not be able to escape without having to face the first evil. <br /> <br /> As expected, the plot will become Little story Easy and as a result, it's hard to fill an hour and a half Which means "La Casa dell'Orco" presents more than two sequences, with nothing but silence and the image of the main character, walking around the castle for several minutes, restoring her childhood image and nothing else It's quite boring at times. But overall, it's nothing serious. Like many Italian horror films that were released in the late 80s, this film is stylish and effective. But it also presents an unintended funny moment that will make this movie unforgettable For example, when Charles was brutally slapped by her husband and instead of going to her bedroom, crying like I expected, she came back to fight him by punching him on his face and running away. Going to the forest like a madman. However, the funniest thing is the fact that two minutes later they are happy couples again, as if punching each other is the Dharma thing. World I know it's stupid But I personally find it absolutely hilarious. The ghouls (which are clearly the villains of the story) look creepy and funny at the same time and give it a face: villains that can make us strange and make us laugh a little. Doubled It reminds me of Michael Jackson in "Thriller" but definitely more than nature and of course man. But if focusing on the truly good aspects I mentioned earlier: the songs composed by Simon Boswell are one of the highest points, and although it is always the same, it fits and helps create a rather dark atmosphere during Time Of tension So if I had to give a final statement about this movie, I would have to say that I couldn't help loving it, including the small flaws and most people who like horror movies from Italy in the late eighties. Not disappointed with this It has all the common clichés and always been good, like the crazy old man who actually speaks the truth. The local crafty girl who is said to be a castle witch, creepy, large dark basement with scary secrets and local people. Those who try to protect tourists with hate, stay away from the shameful land. I will say "La Casa dell'Orco" deserves two thumbs and a punch on the face of your spouse as a way to pay tribute to The heroine of the story What did this movie do and enjoy it?
