"Anchors Aweigh" is a product of the classic MGM music production unit and overall, this movie has all the fun ?? Good music by Jule Styne and others. Great dance by Gene Kelly (and even the work done by Frank Sinatra) and the funny script. The only important thing that I criticize is the selection of Kathryn Grayson, whose appearance in the film always means that the audience must be abused by Petite Miss. <br /> <br /> Lilly Boating A servant named Joseph Brady, a legendary man around the ship as a lover. But Valentino - the charm was constantly weakened by the presence of his best friend and Clarence (Sinatra) when receiving a leave from the coast for 3 days to help. Clarence lives. Joe agrees reluctantly to help Clarence find a girl based on the suspicion that he owes him to save his life. They were drafted by the police (Rags Ragland), who wanted them to help persuade the senior boy (Dean Stockwell) who wanted to join the navy to enter the house. "Aunt Susan" (Grayson) initially Clarence Who is interested in seeking "Aunt Susan" but eventually Kelly's character appears as a more promising candidate. <br /> <br /> There are many outstanding musical scenes. But nothing came close to the movie, such as "Singin 'in the Rain" and "American in Paris". The closest thing we received was the continuous scene with Kelly's character in the fantasy dance scene with Jerry. Rat from "Tom and Jerry" (although he looks more like a dog or cat than a mouse) is a shocking sequence for time. But there is not enough complexity or emotion to prove the test of time. Actually, I enjoy the different parts of the scene that happened before the animation that Kelly used to use the semi-ballet posture to emphasize change. To the fantasy world and where we see him dancing along a tunnel that looks like something from Alice In Wonderland, "<br /> <br /> Finally, the characters find their way to Susan's favorite bar, a Mexican restaurant / bar that is hygienic in Tijuana. There is a happy patron, allowing Grayson to chirp with abandonment, and the executives are very excited at the opportunity that Clarence and Joe have handed her to sing "Friends" Jose Iturbi (play myself Of course, they never met their "friends" Iturbi and they spent most of the movie trying to reach him. (In the fun scene, the characters of Sinatra meet with Iturbi, but make a mistake for the piano tuner career). Sneak into the studio and Hollywood Bowl, where Itabi is Practicing the supernatural symphony consisting of dozens of young pianists ?? You didn't see anything like this. "1,000 Fingers of Dr. T" Iturbi himself is like a god in the story? He shows the opportunity to escape from unsatisfactory jobs and the possibility of creating the reputation and artistic achievements of the heroine. Everyone is 100% confident. As soon as it is heard by Grayson, her career will come true. The three main characters are desperate to go to him and they think he is a far and distant legendary person? The charm and humor of many movies comes from this perceived difference with the true "true" gesture of Maestro. And talking about the participation of Iturbi in this film, he also gave an exciting musical moment with his musical interpretation of "Donkey Serenade". <br /> <br /> When everyone spoke and done this Is a movie that no one enjoys Music plays must be missed. Most songs are written for this movie, which is different from the reusable soundtrack for other Kelly options such as "Rain" and "American". Kelly is still at the top spot early. His adventures and deafening both in dance and his character interpretation Sinatra's voice has never been in a better form and he rarely has a better song to sing. Stockwell adds charm to the group and Grayson's character is loved when she does not post on the Iturbi stage, supplemented with simple color tones. But with the complexity that fits well with the atmosphere and style of classical MGM music. This is one of the better things
