Although, in my opinion, this is one of the lesser-performing musicals, such as Frank Sinatra, Gene Kelly, Kathryn Grayson, and director George Sidney, a musical with less lesbianism, making Anchors Aweigh a movie. Which is quite good despite the shortcomings. <br /> <br /> Sinatra and Kelly are Clarence Doolittle and Joseph Brady respectively. Two blue men When the movie started, they had just entered the Los Angeles area to leave where needed. Brady plans to visit a girlfriend named Lola. Doolittle is still slightly wet behind his ears appropriately and looking for advice for women from Brady in public. (Public the playwright named Isobel Lennart and Sidney have all the navy jokes over and over with each other). Brady promises to help Doolittle addiction. But mostly because Doolittle will not let him be alone The kink was placed in their plans when the local police forced them to help the boy who was obsessed with the navy. He will not give any information to the police about who he is or where he is. Brady helped and he and Doolittle took the boy home. When the guardian of Susan Abbott (Grayson) finally appears, Doolittle goes to see her. Brady tried to convince him to forget her. Brady just wanted to go back to Lola. But they persuaded Abbott's home, and eventually there was something that was a love triangle. Things were more complicated when Brady lied about Doolittle knowing that he was a famous musician Jose. Iturbi, who is in a movie studio and claims that Doolittle has set up a test for Abbott, a singer and actor in front of Iturbi. <br /> <br /> Because the musical story is a strange mix Of military music - due to the location of the Navy apparently pop Broadway - what the stars tend to sing in a more informal setting, opera - what the characters of Abe Bot has done well. The most popular classics of Reverend - what I used to do and Mexican music - because Abbott makes Mexican restaurants in the Mexican part of LA. Many songs are good and everyone involved is certainly capable as a singer or musician. But the jump type tends to lose the connection Worse, there are a few exhibits for Iturbi, which seems to be a big star at that time, which effectively disrupts the plan and seems to be less important at this time. I just watched another movie that happened with Robert Altman's outstanding song in the Kansas City (1996) of Robert Altman. But that made his plans turn into periodic film concerts. Aweigh used a similar strategy. Yes, this is a musical. But there is a difference between songs that are driven and shared with the plot and concerts that seem like contractual content. <br /> <br /> There are also plot issues. It is not clear why Brady opposed Abbott's Doolittle quest. We can guess that Brady thinks Doolittle should not be involved with someone who has to take care of children and those who seem "appropriate" and traditional. But on the other hand, Brady can tell that Doolittle is not the same. The character that Brady accepts herself It seems that Abbott is suitable for Doolittle, and more than that, Lennart works hard to prove that Brady just wants to pull his hair out of the meeting room and meet Lola - it seems. That Brady's personality Whether she is fit or not This may seem a little detailed. But actually it's a hinge for about a third of the half of the plot The story seems to pull out a bit. The length is an anchors problem. Aweigh, which has about two hours and twenty minutes, should be cut down at least half an hour. <br /> <br /> Above, of course, I complain about this movie too much. 8. I just want to. Emphasize what I see as a flaw because the Anchors' original wisdom of Aweigh is close to the idea that it has no flaws. <br /> <br /> Sinatra, Kelly and Grayson are absolutely charming. Separated and together They show good and interesting performances. Sinatra looks and acts younger than his true 29 years? 30 While shooting, he played an unusually naive character - completely different from most of the roles he would do later and different from his public image as a humble person. For Kelly, this is a movie that has passed his development and is correct. His choreography is as varied and impressive as his performance. Grayson has a charm. Her performance is complex and she is beautiful. All of this helps to fix the bugs with scripts and pacing. <br /> <br /> There are also many interesting elements that may happen because Sydney is allowed to expand the mood, diversity - Kelly dance. That is shameful to Jerry the Mouse (from the famous "Tom and Jerry") in an enlarged fantasy sequence This is one of the earliest examples of combining live action and animation, and is very good and fun as long as you are a fan of fantasy. The fantasy sequence tends to be the best of this film. Paired with excellence in dance with Jerry the Mouse, a ballad and dance with Kelly and Grayson, which Brady imagined to Abbott in the scenes from a retro movie, as he carried her using acrobatic acrobats to reach the body yours She stood on the high balcony. <br /> <br /> While the film is uneven and flawed, of course, fans of classical music should not miss Anchors Aweigh and Sinatra's fans shouldn't. Will be fired from his character
