This movie (like ROYAL WEDDING of Asteria - which was shown on Turner Classic Network last night) is famous for the solo music sequence that has been recorded in Gene Kelly: like Fred Astaire Dancing with clothesline The walls and ceilings of the film are Kelly's inheritance in the cartoon sequence with Jerry Mouse. The sequence will do well. What is forgotten is that Kelly is telling the story behind the comic sequence to Dean Stockwell and his schoolboy friends at school during the day break and placing the steps for the order. Stockwell and others, types of monks Kelly also changed the dark blue that he was wearing as a dark blue "ears" with a blue stripe attached. Jerry Mouse did more than dance with Gene. He actually spoke - the first time he didn't repeat for decades. He eventually placed the Tom Cat in his proper place. - Tom appeared briefly as King's butler. Jerry tried to cheer him with cheese. <br /> <br /> But the sequence of cartoons and Kelly is used. About seven minutes in the movie. This strange movie has Kelly's story that disappeared four days in Hollywood, and when Kelly ended the meeting, Katherine Grayson and (with Frank Sinatra) walked Jose Iturbi at MGM Movie Studio, Hollywood Bowl and Iturbi Except that two crew members do not mean any danger that this movie may be annoying. <br /> <br /> Kelly saved Sinatra's life in the Pacific Ocean and received Coins as a result They were both among the crew, returning to California, which was about to leave for four days. But the screenwriter (To propel what will be a short film - Kelly plans to spend four days in having sex with "Lola", a girl who doesn't have a good sleep in Hollywood.) Gene and Frank. <br /> <br /> It looks like Frank is one of the fools that appeared in the movie after the movie of the movie factory. (Especially musical theater actors) that are underdeveloped and need "advice" about meeting with girls (or men if The character is a woman) Frank insists that Gene helps "teach him" how to get a girl. Then the police took them to the headquarters to help the police and the little boy (Stockwell) who confirmed to join the navy. (And will not give the name and address of the police to the real police) when Kelly's protest can pull this information out of Stockwell by asking direct questions (The police couldn't ask) They insisted that Kelly take the boy back to his aunt's house (Grayson). Kelly still faces more complex problems. (Mostly because of Sinatra's simple view) He thought of seeing Lola the next day by staying up late - Sinatra felt that he looked very peaceful. He didn't wake him. He was still dragged back to Grayson's house because Sinatra felt she was the right woman for herself. But want Kelly to train him with love, <br /> <br /> I think my presentation may be disturbing to the fans of the AWEIGH ANCHORS, but I find this story annoying. While Kelly's singing and dancing and concert music, Sinatra, Grayson and Iturbi are the first. But it is also annoying to use the stupidity of people like the Sinatra character seriously. In the real world, Kelly must overcome hell from him at the beginning to follow him at the beginning of the four-day period - he has the right to confirm. (As Sinatra did) the right thing that someone who saved his life Date method That shit will often destroy all the effects of the musical for me - except that the musical numbers are so great that I forgot the nonsense like this. <br /> <br /> The Itorji's spellings Annoying as well Kelly tries to make Grayson like Sinatra when he says Sinatra will meet her with Jose Iturbi to test her singing ability. For the rest of Sinatra and Kelly's image, try to do that and keep things distorted (at one point - no good reason - Grayson himself destroyed the ruins. It is only good luck (that Iturbi regretted that Grayson was embarrassed) that she gave him audition for her talents. <br /> <br /> Kelly ended up with Grayson. Sinatra's conscience that could not help her see Itabati makes him ashamed to disturb her. (But did not pull Kelly into it wrongly enough) and at the same time he accidentally met Pamela Britton from Brooklyn and naturally without help from Kelly, Sinatra and Britton fell in love with Ah "Consistency"! Your name is not "screenwriting" needed!
