Joseph Brady and Clarence Doolittle are two sailors who travel four days in Hollywood. Joe knows everything about girls and can't wait to see Lola in While Clarence is weak and needs advice from his friends Then they ran into the little boy, Donald Martin, who ran away to join the navy. They took him home and met his beautiful aunt Susan, who wanted to be a class singer. Lawrence wants Susie to be his woman. His shyness came in the way. But he didn't feel embarrassed by the female waitress from Brooklyn, just as he did. Zoe noticed that he was in love with Susie. The children were in a fix when they lied to Suzy when they met. The big music producers they didn't know as they were editing with their feelings. George Anney's Anchors Aweigh (1945) is a great musical comedian. Gene Kelly is the ultimate in singing and dancing. His Frank Frankatra routine is great as a shy person from Brooklyn. Shy is not the first thing to think about when you think of Frank Sinatra, but he plays well. Katryn Grayson is the best of Susan Abbott. Has lost a talented actress and soprano opera last month at the age of 88 years, Dean Stockwell 9 years old and works great. A friend who wants to be a sailor, Jose Iturbi, has done a great job. It's amazing what he did with the piano. Edgar Kennedy plays the police station leader Sarah Berner as Jerry Mouse's voice. There are many wonderful things in this movie. And wonderful singing and dancing numbers. Just watch Kelly and Sinatra performing "We Hate to Leave". It has a lot of power. "If you know Susie (like I know Susie)" is quite funny. It's a good time when Frank sings Brahms' Lullaby to Dean Stockwell. It's a little cute. Listen to Grayson singing Tango "Jealousy". The most memorable sequence is the scene that goes into the lively fantasy world and Gene sings and dances with Jerry. Mouse besides This Tom Cat also saw Tom Cat as a butler. They were originally ked Mickey Mouse, but he declined the film that was nominated for five Academy Awards, but Georgie Stoll got one point for the Original Music Score.Achors. Aweigh is entertainment. High Level
