AWEIGH ANCHORS saw two enthusiastic sailors Joe Brady (Gene Kelly) and Clarence Doolittle / Brooklyn (Frank Sinatra) received a special four-day leave. Eager to go to find girls, especially Joe's Lola, whether Joe or Brooklyn in the interruption of Donald-Madina (Dean Stockwell) and Madame Susie (Kathryn Grayson) Brooklyn rushes to get help from Joe to help him win Aunt Susie. However, on the way, Joe finds himself falling in love with the girl he thinks is his best friend. How will Brooklyn get this? And Joe ended up in Susie, then who loves him too. <br /> <br /> The first and second time I saw AWEIGH ANCHORS. I saw it at the same time that I did in Kelly / Sinatra. Working together from 1949, both times I felt that AWEIGH ANCHORS were better movies in terms of planning and structure - all dance and music matched the time in the plot and they developed characters and The story is more than hindering them. he But both times I felt that ON THE TOWN was a better movie. Now I have watched both movies for the third time. In any city, as a movie and entertainment, it is lightweight, purely player and happy. * Truly, the numbers are bigger and have less important parts than the plot. In any way, it works better than dancing and singing in AWEIGH ANCHORS. I'm not sure why this is so. The general argument is that the movie is over two and a half hours long. Of course, I felt the length of the first two times I saw! However, it is a movie that grows with you - the more you see, the more you feel and the more you appreciate the technical expertise associated with creation. But some things are not together properly It feels as if the script has received attention and * every moment Kelly can dance or Sinatra as a song and that is what happened. There is no chance to leave the musical theater number ... and that may be the greatest weakness of the movie. It has 16 numbers (giving or receiving a few) and whether you are a big fan of Kelly or Sinatra. Then began to change into a trance for a while (Contrasting this example with the ten numbers in ON THE TOWN.) You may feel that each song, each dance, cannot be taken out of the movie without letting it fall out ... and that's true. But that is because the writer is not limited to adding them in the first place. <br /> <br /> This long preface does not mean nothing is good about AWEIGH ANCHORS. Along with the melodious songs like the accompaniment of Kelly and Sinatra ('We Hate To Leave', 'I beg you' and 'If you know Susie'), Sinatra's singing Makes the sunset ',' your charm 'and the best of' I fell in love too easily ') and no doubt that Kelly's always creative and amazing dance It is also difficult to miss with this talented actor. Grayson is sweet and seems to improve in each view. (Her voice became more beautiful than scary); The role of Jose Iturbi was written sympathetically and he did a great job. Even Clarence's Pamela Bristol is cute and charming ... close to Betty Garrett without Garrett! Sinatra is cute with his blue eyes and curls and plays amazingly innocent men. (The role he responds to in ON THE TOWN) His singing as usual does not have errors, from pronunciation to timing and use of words. His single numbers may seem a little dragged. But when you receive the sound of the century, the show may be a good reason for anyone to slow the movie. <br /> <br /> Kelly's genius genius in this film is worth it. Of the paragraph itself Third in the bill after Sinatra and Grayson, respectively. ANCHORS AWEIGH is Kelly's movie. His real Joe Brady is a reliable and true character - he is strong from the outside, witty and willing to lie. When needed to win a girl, but actually he is the weakest in the industry Kelly creates more charm for himself than to pay respect. But makes Joe the reality that you see in the scene when Joe chases Brooklyn around the room while watching his face and the breakfast tray in his hand and dancing * - again this movie Suffering from symptoms 'Too much to destroy the effect', just like Sinatra's singing. But again, if Gene Kelly is doing softshoe or tapping through the screen in a sailor suit or dressed as a robber head ... may make mistakes in the aspect of overdoing! All of Kelly's dances are amazing, whether it's the simplicity of the number, touching Sinatra and his 'I Begged Her' 'Mexican hat dance' with a sweet little girl or dancing. Influenced by the Spanish La Cumparsita '. Of course, the classic image in the minds of viewers forever is Kelly in his red, white and blue sailor's dress. Dance with Jerry, the mouse of fame.' Tom & Jerry 'Woven movie memory Words that should be earned - not often. You will be impressed with the special effects in movies produced in 1945 due to the saturation of CGI in the contemporary film market. But Gene and Jerry are always looking good, with Kelly pressing his point and looking at what he wants to see. It turns out that the only person who can truly follow Gene Kelly will be Kelly himself (in COVER GIRL) and the animation cartoon <br /> <br /> No doubt that dancing The brave and inventive first of Kelly and Jerry has reserved the place for AWEIGH ANCHORS in film history and the heart of classic movies. But it is worth noting that the first film work of Kelly / Sinatra for the first time, and even though it was pulled out too much Watch it first, then again and again - it will grow with you before you realize it! 7.5 / 10
