The film phenomenon that was recorded in the late eighties and early decades was the number of Oscars that reached the actors who played characters that were physically or mentally handicapped. The first is Marlee Matlin for "Children of a Lesser God" in 1986 and the next ten years will be awarded. "Another great actress" (Holly Hunter for "The Piano" in 1994) and no less than five "Best Actor" Award (Dustin Hoffman 1988 in "Rain Man", Daniel Day-Lewis in 1989 for "My Left Foot", Al Pacino in 1992 for "Scent of a Woman ", Tom Hanks in 1994 for" Forrest Gump "and Geoffrey Rush in 1996 for" Shine ") for portraits of disabled people Matlin. The player is a deaf woman, a deaf person, but others are all capable of < br /> <br /> This phenomenon aroused undesirable comments at that time with suggestions that made these awards This has been the politically correct rather than the quality of the show. When Foster Foster failed to win "Best Actress" for "Nell" in 1994. Some people see this as evidence of a backlash against this type of depiction. However, my view is that most of these awards are well deserved. I think the 1992 award should go to Clint Eastwood or Robert Downey more than Pacino, but other than that, the only prize I disagree with is the Hanks. And that's because I like Nigel Hawthorne's performance in King George. " Hawthorne plays a mentally ill character. <br /> <br /> "My left foot" is based on the autobiography of Irish writers and Christy Brown. Brown was born in 1931, one of the thirteen children of the working class family in Dublin. He was born with cerebral palsy, and at first he was wrong to be mentally disabled as well. He was a long time, unable to move intentionally or words. But eventually found that he was able to control the movement of one part of his body, his left foot (So ​​the name) He learns to write and draw by chalking a piece between his toes and walking into a painter and novelist and poet who has been published. <br /> <br /> Life in The working class of Dublin in the age of thirty-four may be difficult and the city of Jim Sheridan (himself a Dubliner) shows us here in many places that are scary, gray, cheerful, very different. From the usual concept of "Emerald Island" (Sheridan and One-Lewis, then later collaborated in another film with an Irish theme "In the name of the father") However, this story must set the cheerfulness and spirit of the people, especially the Brown family. Christie's success was largely due to the support he received from his parents, who refused to give him an institution and believed in the wisdom hidden under external disabilities and from his brothers. We saw that his brothers had spun him around in specially made wagons and the way they helped their masonry father to create their own Christie room in their backyard. <Br /> <br /> This film can cause sentimental feelings and ends with a movie. "Another victory over misery" That it is not caused by many factors, especially the beautiful performances In his career, Day-Lewis gave a number of good performances. But this thing, along with "Will Will Be Blood" in the past, is his best. He never believed that Christie was less than 100%. His energetic movements, torture and speeches made us confident that we were actually watching people with disabilities. Even though we had wisdom, we realized that Day -Lewis is a talented person. Other outstanding performances come from Fiona Shaw as his mentor. Eileen Cole from Hugh O'Connor as Christie and Brenda Fryker from her mother <br /> <br /> Another reason for making this film sensitive is because it doesn't try. Makes the main character feel Christy Brown has a difficult life. But he may be difficult to live with and this film gives us a picture like "Warts and all" He is an avid drinker for languages ​​that are rude and tend to explode anger. In addition, he can be selfish and manipulate the people around him and this film shows us the character of his character. Of course, it shows us the positive - his courage, determination and evil humor. But builds confidence in the body But it also persuaded us to believe in the disability of his character But also showing convincing emotions and wisdom His Oscar has won a strong opposition from the likes of Robin Williams and Kenneth Branagh, but it deserves 8/10.
