Daniel Day-Lewis is Christy Brown, a victim of cerebral palsy that uses "My Left Foot" to write and draw in this incredible 1989 movie. The film is also starring Brenda Friger as mother of Christy Ray McNally, Fiona Shaw and Hugh O'Connor. Great performances, excellent scripts and great direction of Jim Sheridan, helping to draw pictures like Christy Brown's artists and writers who died in 1981 at the age of 49. <br /> <br /> Brown, a middle-class Catholic family whose mother is pregnant all the time. (There are 22 children, 13 of whom have survived.) His father considered Christie as mentally retarded as physically disabled. But he will not allow his son to enter the house. The children in the family will say goodbye to him each day while they go to school and then his mother will feed him and talk to him. <br /> < br /> In the movie Fricker conveyed the feelings of women Anyone who is surrounded by a large family needs someone to talk to. Cristi doesn't talk back. Finally found a wheelchair for him to ride horses and children in the vicinity, where everyone knew him since childhood and included him in all their activities The only part of the body that works really well is his left foot, and when the children know how well they kick, they lead him into the football game for that purpose. One of the best parts of this film is the relaxation method that other children treat him. <br /> <br /> There are many powerful scenes. But there are no scenes that are as powerful as writing Christie's "mother" on the floor Chalk the piece between his toes. "He is a true brown." His father announced to lift him up on his shoulder and take him to the pub. He entered the pub. He announced that "My son is a genius." Things changed when Christie grew up because he had a desire and emotion of a young boy. He developed over, rejected and entered himself more, turned to drawing Eventually he was admitted to a nearby clinic and worked with Eileen therapists. (Fiona Shaw) at home. He fell in love with her. When he realized that she was engaged, he was almost crazy. But he still lives to paint, write (Including three books) and love again. <br /> <br /> Because it is a movie with something that needs to be left and the characters together. Brown was not diagnosed with a cerebral palsy for a period of time, leaving the film. The Eileen therapist is actually a combination of three important healing numbers in Christie's life, and although we know that his mother believes that he has a good heart, in fact she works very hard with Christ. When he was a child Before Mary Christie had a 12-year relationship with a woman he dedicated "My left foot" and Hollywood's general ending 9 years before he died, with his wife being seen as a factor that didn't end this story. <br /> <br / > Even though it's all about More because of the two performances: Hugh O'Connor, when still a child, Christie and Daniel Dayton-Lewis, like an adult Christie O'Connor's facial expression and the way he dragged his distorted corpse is sinister. One was making him weary and heartbroken at the same time. <br /> <br /> And what can be said about Daniel Day-Lewis, one of the greatest actors in the world - he brought Christ to life like complete The wise man can swear, angry, angry, bitter, heartless, fun and loving. Oscar that deserves the award in the same year that Tom Cruise has been nominated for "Born on the fourth day of July" I remember having someone write a letter to the editor somewhere where the cruise was a very exciting story. Uh, nothing changed. Nothing. <br /> <br /> Brenda Friger is astonishing as Christy's mother, who never stops to believe in him and what he can do and who makes her family and husband together. The wonderful thing about Fricker's performance is that it supports the love and work ethic. It seems natural to the mother. The character does not think of himself as a heroine or a person who does something wrong. Fricker shows us religious women. But not a fanatic who believes that her duty in this world must be a good wife and mother And no matter what happens, even if her husband does not have a job, she throws their daughter away from home because she is pregnant no matter what she does. She collected money for Christie's wheelchair. She received a photo of her daughter and her child. She began to create a room for Christie at the back of the house. Part of the day job The performance that is worthy of the Oscar that she received for Brown's life is more complex than the inspiring movie. But this is a remarkable achievement from everyone involved and should not miss.
