POLICE STORY (1985) is one of the most influential and modern police officers of today. Jackie wants to create movies that include normal kung fu and fierce gun play and other "city" actions that later became popular and popular among Hong Kong directors such as John Woo and Ringo Lam POLICE. STORY combines two action and style elements together and the result is fierce. <br /> <br /> Jackie plays the role of Chan Kagui, a policeman who protects the important witness (Brigitte Lin). Soon witnessed Page gang and criminal activity of his. Jackie's girlfriend, played by Maggie Cheung, who is young and cute, unique in her role, such as Heroic Trio (and sequels) by Johnnie To, Savior of the Soul by Corey Yuen and David Lai and Many more. The plot of POLICE STORY is very simple, but it is the action that caused the movie to happen at first. <br /> <br /> Jackie, of course, shows the whole scene of his character. By himself Two scenes, some of which are in the movie that was finished, like when Jackie hits the head (near the eye) through a mirror that looks disgusting. Jackie Chan's acting team members were almost killed during the film's filming. The scene where the bus stop stopped in front of Jackie, who threw the kidnapper through the windshield was terrible because the bus stopped too early and Stuntman didn't fly as it should be. They should fly on a car parked in front of the bus. But their flight is too short and they hit the asphalt with hospital injuries. At the end of the credits, there are behind-the-scenes footage of these injured actors and it looks terrible and almost ridiculous. But fortunately, no one was killed or severely injured. <br /> <br /> That action is More than the abundance and imagination as the director Chan (action) can expect The legendary bus scene now and the shopping scene at the end is the most feasible among the most brutal scenes that every action movie can deliver. Jackie always tells me what important changes are. (Which is true) and it shows in their action and time scenes that are perfect and make the movie look very sharp compared to Hollywood's efforts There is not a slow time here and those moments are interesting and the movies are not boring or difficult to see. <br /> <br /> But there is another negative point that I can't stand in the comedies. The action of HK is funny. The comedy movie is not a joke, especially when the mistakes and the elements that specialize in the film do not happen by chance. But because writers want to add them there without needing to understand that they are signs of bad scripts and stupid dialogue. I mean those scenes, such as killing attempts that stab at first when the murderer yells and screams Sang and made a face and acted like a drunken clown from a nightmare and he was there to "kill" that woman This kind of performance is stupid and ineffective, and I don't want to see it in a great movie of my own genre. The characters also say their thoughts, which are bad script symbols because "Loud thoughts" are intended to make things clear, even stupid audiences, and make things too easy and "light". Even though this movie is a cartoon and not serious, this folly is not. Should be there and they cannot easily forgive. <br /> <br /> POLICE STORY is fast speed. A miracle of adventure from Hong Kong and since Jackie was very sad because of the bad work he had received with the United States created The Protector because he didn't have the same idea about the movie as director James Glickenhaus. The audience and Jackie and he returned to Hong Kong to create a movie that is more personal and creative. Of course, he did that and the result came out fierce today, like back in the 80s. This is one of the most crazy action movies ever, and it's quite perfect without the shortcomings. I'm talking about 7/10
