Jackie Chan's Police Story is the main movie for both the Honk Kong action and Jackie Chan's career. <br /> <br /> Directed by Chan, Police Story has the same basic story as every movie in That era And the type and the same as most movies of Police Storys, the script does not have anything to commend But the plot of the film is Jackie Chan, who plays as a good cop, struggling to judge the local gangsters. <br /> <br /> The direction of the film is nothing special and not used. Try our best to direct Jackie Chan gave that responsibility to the miracle "miracle" masterpiece. However, Jackie Chan's work was sufficient and respectable. The film director's prominence comes with a fight scene. <br /> <br /> The performance in this film is different from Jackie, which gives a strong role to the character. But it does not mean that he The best acting role that can be seen in the film directed by Sammo Hung's "Heart of the Dragon". Other actors in this film give good results as well as Jackie and Bridget Lin. The chapter is part of a reluctant witness. But she did not show the full potential of acting An outstanding performance came from Maggie Cheung as the suffering girl of Jackies and Bill Tung as a sympathetic and funny police chief. The performance in this film is not low enough to affect the quality of the movie. <br /> <br /> The action in the movie is something that separates this movie from others with contemporary choreography. Intrigued to suit the modern urban environment, action is the greatest fighting scene ever made on camera. Beginning with a shot in the slum where Koo (the gangsters) are making drug deals while there is no style for John Woo. This is a good starting point for movies. Then followed by a famous car flowing down the hillside and passing through the center of the slum that destroyed everything he saw This is an incredible sequel that was copied by the unscrupulous Bad Boys 2 in the middle of the movie. It's also a great next scene because Jackie tries to transport Bridgete Lin from her home to him. This is the first scene in which we see the rapid and continuous struggle that has become the norm for all new martial arts movies. This sequence is an amazing choreography, constantly scheduled and edited together to increase the cruelty of the scene. However, according to the tradition that determines the excellent fighting sequence at the end of the movie This sequence shows Chans best choreography and editing / camera techniques. This sequence is now famous for two things, the number of people passing through a high density glass, which must be said to be phenomenal, number of people and expressions. Able at the end where Jackie jumped from the 5th floor balcony, grabbed the pole and slid down into the glass roof (This must be believed) while the two factors mentioned are excellent, unique. But I think the most impressive part of this fight sequence is Chans ability to combine things with the fight sequence and the originality of the real choreography for me. I still believe that actions in the Police Story are one of the best actions of Chans career that helps to separate actions from others. <br /> <br /> Overall, the Police Story, despite stories and scripts Like no other Running in the middle due to the plot is one of the best action movies of all time that shows Chans best choreography, best filming and his most amazing performances. We watched the movie Chan for action movies !!
