Shakespeare behind the bar is a towering documentary despite the content. Prisoners at Luther Luckett Correctional Complex in LaGrange, Kentucky that have raped, killed and others? And surrounded by bad people in a clearly depressed environment, searching for things that they truly enjoyed and can become important, popular and famous in performances There is a theme that is parallel to the 'Shawshank Redemption' that looks like an institution and search for forgiveness and redemption of their past lives. While we follow a director who has no justice, who gives up his time each year to direct some of the prisoners in the play chosen by William Shakespeare (this time is 'Tempest' that shows the prisoners involved. With it wisely Much by focusing on forgiveness and redemption that they trust and relate to) we are introduced to each actor in an official interview that is well trained. Each actor has his own story and tells of their regrets and reasons why they are in a mood with a sad song in a documentary, the strongest and most respected inmates. (Seems to be) Sammy, the director, seems to know immediately who is the most interesting prisoner in Sammy. (And later Hal) and allowed to have in-depth observations in men and his personality anymore His presence occurred on the screen and his personal revelations shocked the audience. But also paying attention to his emotional personality and his special feelings of care Hal, too, at the beginning of the movie He has other things that he has done to pass the time that is shown to be a comfortable pastime as he did in the news program on the website. Again, through personal interviews and self-revelation accepted by Hal (and shooting a huge cutout in Hal's body language, not moving his unstable hands, not only But noticed with him only But there are others as well) especially Unsure and frightened about his true sexuality in a society that would not accept him as a homosexual until later in the film he showed that he was somewhat ridiculed and rude to other prisoners involved in the play as if He thought himself above Especially Ron, who has an irritable mood in his performance The relationship between all the prisoners involved in the performance shows that it is one of respect and harmony in achieving something wonderful for yourself. With good movement (If not old-fashioned) Time passes along with the title, etc.? It seems that everything is correct in the first performance, and then when performing the performance to the public, things are wrong. The induction of one of the actors who were transferred and his character was replaced by a younger person than a new one, making the subtitles a good story for those who promised big things. But in the end it made everyone disappointed and not in anticipation In particular, a prisoner (Big-G) welcomes a new prisoner actor (Rick) with a clear will to raise him in a beloved practice and hope to be a good model. It seems that this movie will attract the attention of each inmate as well as what the audience can relate to, especially when Rick is put in 'Hole' for a new tattoo. And asked him when he had a tattoo on his arm and we knew that it was an offense in place) and that Big-G's disappointment was deeply understood Happily ended? Everything looks good when they perform successfully. (Although invited to show elsewhere) and the feeling of true harmony reflects around them, but in the end, the movie brings everyone back to the ground that this thing is short-lived. Or want to be and be taken away from them Returning to the prison to pay for the crime and whether they redeem anything in the drama, they will not be free, acting proudly and their perception is destroyed by the fact that they are The lowest service A great stop in the high music that plays in the shock of a long passage that occurs along with the closed light and the closed door is a powerful image of their oppression. The director seemed to know that he was watching a cute person in a documentary by providing additional information at the end of the movie for each future actor from the end of the movie, where they were and what happened to them in now
