Movies like this and C.R.A.Z.Y. make me very sorry for American movies with gay content. With the exception of Parting Glances and Brokeback Mountain, there are a few more famous and sincere American films, such as The Bubble. The film is about two men, Noam and Ashwar Isara and Palestine, respectively Their relationship is complicated by the tension between Jews and Arabs in Israel. The lovers in the early stages of their relationship will fight with the person who will call the next person or who will say, "I love you" before Nam's first love and Ashwar is complicated by the bombing. Dead body, armed security checkpoints and racism While Noam's friends accept and like Ashwar, an Arabian, it is clear that most of Tel Aviv's people may not be able to <br /> <br /> One of the most impressive moments and many stories in the movie. This story is when Noam and Ashwar join the production of "Bent" as a movie viewer. We will see them watching this drama and the impact they have on both of them being deeply watched. And finally, this impressive moment was played sadly in the final scene of the movie. <br /> <br /> Ohad Knoller and Youseff 'Joe' Sweid are outstanding as Noam and Ashwar. Director Eytan Fox is good at creating. Poems and interesting Shakespeare classic Romeo and Juliet And while most movies currently have sex in them (Almost as a sport) This film returns to the old generation that tries and is true with love and passion. It is very refreshing. Refreshing is to see two gay men acting as non-cartoon characters. There is a cartoon character in this movie. It didn't happen to be gay for two changes. Somewhere on this site, I think I can't really read the comparison between this movie and "friend". Yes, these characters are young people who stumble on the first steps that are not easy to mature and relationships. But I can't remember the "bomb" as the background of the story in "Friends". <br /> <br /> This is a very good movie. It has heart and heartache. And like a good love story, all love will win But not in the glory of full bloom But still, it is a very admirable movie.
