This film is a complete fantasy picture of Romeo and Juliet in Tel Aviv and Nablus. The lovers are one in Tel Aviv and another from Nablus. There is a dividing line between them and the status of war with the Israeli army that is everywhere and the Palestinian terrorists everywhere with bombs. The situation is cold enough. We can imagine the love of traps without great love. But this film continued for many years by imagining that two couples are gay, Noam from Tel Aviv and Ashraf from Nablus. Being gay is accepted in Tel Aviv. It is restricted in Nablus. The conflict between the two. Both communities are therefore equal to two conflicts between two ethical cultures. But this may be worthwhile if the war does not bring a special dimension to the sister of Ashraf being married to activists in Nablus. Eventually, Ashraf tells his sister about being gay. She can't accept But accept to speak later From the marriage itself, a newly married husband sends a commando to Tel Aviv to set up a bomb attack. It happened in a coffee shop in Tel Aviv and one of the friends of Noam was badly injured. Isareli sent a commando to Nabus to arrest the person responsible for this attack. But it turns out that Sour and his newly married wife were shot dead in the street Wedding funeral Volunteer husband and widow for suicide bomb attacks. Ashraf volunteers replaced him. The exiled lover returns to Tel Aviv to kill and kill people for revenge on his sister. He came to a restaurant managed by Noam's friends. Some, but Nam saw him and went out to talk to him. Ashraf moved back to the middle of the road and he detonated a bomb when Noam arrived at him in the street. The revenge came together to two lovers in death. We therefore have a dual conflict. But we do not have the Prince of Verona, a neutral character who can set peace or worse than the prince seems to choose on his side and on the side of Israel The game is truly false and of course both sides will die. But the dimension of unimaginable love is all stronger because it doubled by playing in a movie, a drama that shows love in Auschwitz between two prisoners, one wearing a yellow star and another a pink triangle. This is both remarkable and shocking: gay love in Auschwitz. What comes out of this movie is that love in Tel Aviv or Nablus is impossible. This film is the denial of the conflict in Palestine, which cannot continue, even if there is no reason to exist, even though there are thousands of reasons. We should not let Great Britain deal with this region for a long time. Today we have to find a solution that no one will be humiliated. This will be successful only when everyone comes together to find a sustainable solution. But until everyone tries to avoid general confrontation and discussions that like bilateral manipulation Therefore, suffering will continue and love will be forbidden, of course, not sex, because children need to go to war to continue, so let us build less and less, but love is just an outside world. br /> <br /> Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Dauphine University and Paris 1 University Pantheon Sorbonne
