It is difficult to dislike Israeli director Eytan Fox and his film which describes life in the Middle East and the natural problems that gay people have in these regions. He also emits a new generation and their outstanding parts that want peace and those who want not to notice the war that too much time marks the existence of both people in both Israel. Palestine. For these reasons, I think it is enough to consider director Fox, who is noteworthy even when his feelings for the melodrama cannot be combined. Buttons on However, fans of his films (Which he acknowledged in the team with Gal Uchovsky, producer, co-writer and friend of life) does not seem to have suffered from this because his new feature is THE BUBBLE (HA-BUAH), the same success of YOSSI & JAGGER and WALK ON THE WATER, previously announced as a contemporary gay version of "Romeo and Juliet", which is located in the present day Tel Aviv instead of Verona and has two men (One Israeli and other Palestinians) in the place of a true young Shakespeare couple Different from that, or better than anything else. In fact, the bubble of the name is a different world that people bring. Noam played by the Ohad Fox Knoller normally (Yossi in YOSSI & JAGGER, but I have to confess. I miss Jagger Yehuda Levi's amazing and his two. Joint tenants, men and women choose to live. About thirty years restless, witty and stable. (Although the protagonist only spent time as a nation on the border with Palestine) to live a life without war. The two men are gay and along with the women they create, three of whom they love and support each other. Their lives were determined to change when Noam fell in love with Ashraf (TV actor Yousef 'Joe' Sweid), a Palestinian boy who lived in Tel Aviv. Laws in the group were ignored. But not the intention to help a friend Still not easy for Noam and his friends' because Ashraf is a secret in Israel and at the same time his family lives in Palestine and doesn't know that he's gay. Looking forward to organizing his wedding with great beauty. A young woman who is a relative of Ashraf's beloved sister, whom he is a terrorist and he has a huge responsibility in developing the plot, not only for two men. Because of prejudice against homosexuality and peace (Interesting couples, if not automatically) are stubborn things, so the tragedy cannot be avoided. Although the film focuses on the obstacles that the relationship between Noam and Ashraf found, but did not overlook other characters, which became a good writing (such as Golan, Yelli's boyfriend, a friend of Noam's lively tenants). ) Poorly revealed that it is a person who is more sweet and open and operates aptly (apart from both leading to us must not overlook Zohar Liba, jokes and Daniela Virtzer, the cute girl of the gang. This Lior Ashkenazi appeared as himself in a cameo), it also embodies a somber tone to the more brilliant, even if directed to do if there is no conclusion enticing. I watched this movie more than a month ago, and at the same time I often think about this, often proving that Fox and his friends have the unique ability to attack the house.
