From the birth of literature, people from all races have received attention and are easily touched by stories of unhappy love. The more fascinating thing is that the story of love is not always possible. The Israeli filmmaker Eytan Fox, the latest movie, "The Bubble" is about that, and then not yet. The title of this film means "bubble" at Tel-Aviv perpendicular to reality. Israel's political, cosmopolitan and informal capital is not the same as Nablus, a Palestinian city in the West Bank. In the movie It's not the same with the tense and hateful atmosphere at the Palestinian outpost. In fact, it doesn't seem very much the same thing around Tel Aviv's "bubble", helping people to have a way of life that is no different from what you expect in any western city. Looking for a record of Britney Spears, a lifestyle magazine editor looking for sexy cover for His next edition, a modern man sitting in a trendy cafe, talking about what is more popular than a cappuccino cup and other similar trendy drinks while at home is watching pop. Local idol <br /> <br /> The movie evolves around the lives of three flat Israeli children, and most of them try to stay away from Yelli's politics, the owner of the camp and the manager of ?? Orna & Ella. " The hip coffee shop is often out of town and doesn't want to think about the shit that surrounds them. "Noam, the gentle and simple staff of a small record shop that seems unwilling to participate in the discussion. Lulu is the only woman of logistics that is opposite the left of Israel, although her political activities seem to be imprisoned against the occupation. "Yelli and Noam normally do not oppose entering. Participating in Lulu and her political friends made a t-shirt with a frantic logo, put on posters and distributed advertising books in the neighborhood. Their main concerns It seems to have no real Palestinian participants. Fun for them again. The closest thing to a real confrontation is when they join a hostile fight with Palestinians who try to prevent the distribution of flyers. In other words, the bubble's predictable product. The film's opening scene leads us to a checkpoint on the road to Nablus, where we find that Nam is doing his backup job. Palestinian groups are thoroughly investigating before entering Israel. Among them, pregnant women who work hard and give birth to babies have died, despite the best efforts from Noom and the doctors who arrived in the hospital. the best The young woman was comforted by a young man who later appeared at the door of Nam's house in Tel Aviv with his identity, which later became clear that during the tests on the border, he reduced. down His name is Ashraf. He is a Palestinian and he is gay. And he not only returned the ID only, he came to Nua Without being allowed to live in Israel, and despite the initial hesitation from Noah's roommates, he remained He soon gained the Jewish name and work at Yelli's coffee shop. When he grew up in Jerusalem and the Hebrews, he had no Arabic accent that made him and his newly found friend conceal his identity. The sky is light blue and the weather is sweet. But it can't last long Because he had become part of an equation that never existed before. <br /> <br /> At one point Nam and Arraf watched the drama Bent about two prisoners in a Nazi concentration camp that had a relationship. Can love Never became physical or visible by the time that was around They found a way to live together at another level, metaphysical, which is a level that no one can access. This is what our couples have arrived at the end. And it is not much different for them, not in today's Israel. <br /> <br /> ?? Bubble "is a political statement about the bursting bubble when confronted with the current anti-Israeli political reality. The background of a beautiful and awkward love story related to Israel and Palestine, an impossible love story in a world without compromise or color other than black and white bubbles. "It's a beautiful movie about People are gay and straightforward, which is a strange city like Tel Aviv shows through the eyes of people who really care about them. The evidence of the film may be flawed and a serious chain of events may seem to be interpreted. But strong messages and emotional effects will not make you touch
