The conflict between Israel and Palestine still exists, and as the world may realize the violence that occurs in the divisions of both countries, only a handful of people have clues in other aspects of the department - the people who need it. Peace, Eytan Fox in THE BUBBLE ('Ha-Buah') has created an alternative perspective that is necessary for divide, choosing to tell a story with good humor, lots of love and reality. Cruel It is a window to situations that cause understanding. <br /> <br /> In Tel Aviv, three close friends are roommates: Lulu (Daniela Virtzer), a beautiful woman with good opinions. Yali (Alon Friedman) A young man. Gay 'out' very much working in popular cafes and Noam (Ohad Knoller), a handsome and somewhat shy friend who, besides his daily work in a music store, is a member of the National Guard and spends his free time. He was the guard The city of It was during this weekend that he met a Palestinian security officer named Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid) and had a mutual attraction. The three friends decided to 'keep' Ashraf illegally present. (Which they nicknamed the Israeli name) and while Ashraf and Noam settle down in a love relationship, Yali hired Ashraf at his cafe and Yali and Lulu both proceeded to find love too. Everything went well. Well, until Ashraf had to go home for the sister's wedding. Although in Tel Aviv, Argraf can be openly gay with Nou, life in Jerusalem is very different: Ash Raf says that he must marry the groom's sisters. In an attempt to help Ashraf from his fate, Noam and Lulu disguise themselves as French journalists to reach Ashraf. At the time of solitude, Noam and Ashraf were kissed by the bride-to-be and this caused blackouts. <br /> <br /> While young people in Tel Aviv are dancing at work to create a peaceful and peaceful coexistence, the attack happen Jerusalem - a person who has serious consequences not only immediately but also in the revenge of Ashraf with the tragic ending of many levels and underlines how serious the problems between the two countries are. <br /> <br /> The performance is very common, both from jokes and sad stories that viewers believe in these things completely. Beautiful young people The story reveals that there is a proper balance between seriousness and cheerfulness, and it is this balance rather than making Eytan Fox a good writer / director. More and more people should watch this important and good movie. In Hebrew, Arabic and English with Grady Harp subtitles
