I am now going on holiday in Israel during the summer and can watch this incredible movie. A little warning before I begin to write: I speak Hebrew fluently and therefore the Hebrew language is not a problem. However, about a quarter (Less than a little) of this movie is Arabic and I can't understand the bit of this subtitle. This doesn't distract me from this movie. But made me think of a few jokes that caused severe laughter in the cinema. <br /> <br /> After one year of American movies that many regarded as one of The greatest year for homosexual movies and relationships, it really requires something special to stand on the head and shoulders above other parts; But "The Bubble" is superior to all others, with a combination of excellent performances, sharp dialogue and relevant political atmosphere. <br /> <br /> The film opens in the Israeli-Palestinian border; At first, we were not sure about the type of movie that we entered. But this is an important element of the strength of this film. The political situation and the tensions in the air are still behind the scenes. The most important thing is Tel Aviv acting as his own character in this movie. It is constantly referenced. Continuously exchanging street names and restaurant names The skyline and urban development are strongly criticized and, ultimately, the city evolved with this film focusing on the love between Noam (Ohad Knoller) and the Palestinian immigrant Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid) and the society of Tel Aviv and Palestine act as a fixed foil We often know that their relationship is forbidden, and this causes a sense of urgency that rarely occurs in theaters. Love is incredibly strong and stands as the center of this film. The second relationship and friendship are equally strong: the owner of Yelli's colorful restaurant (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid), a relationship with solan golani, Zanar Liba, which is a particular entertainment source. There are many love scenes in this movie. But the art is elaborate and the film is surprising: in the movie's first love scene, the camera shoots down when the male character gives Lulu oral sex (Daniela Virtzer) and shifts into shock. Of Noam and Ashraf, this image has many other people who make the audience realize that all these relationships are expressions of the same love style. <br /> <br /> In order to give more stories, As a tragedy, but know that there are tensions and political tragedy, which was involved in the current political climate in the world, so I will focus on the dialogue with flair. Even when watching this movie in my second language, I can't stop laughing at all. Specific entertainment genres, including the question of whether a gay suicide bomber received a virgin woman or a man in heaven and Sampson's comparison from the Bible as the world's first suicide bomber This conversation shows the purity and reality that is hard to see in the movie. The songs used in this movie have special powers as well. The song will only be used when the character can or should listen to it legally, and in one scene the song will soften when the character removes one earpiece and stops when he removes another. This little element raises the level of the movie. <br /> <br /> I can't give more advice to movies. This is a great film work which is a great laxative and movement.
