The first installment of Crispin Glover's personal piece, this is asking you to think a little, and therefore cannot recommend for viewers who do not want to sit and solve the puzzle of Glover or follow a strange, simple method. The topic of his lecture For a casual audience, yes, it may be out of the confusion of strangers, shocking and disturbing images for the sake of the picture. <br /> <br /> You feel that Glover doesn't care that this is the case and he Almost happy to hear why some people hate this movie, why they like it. Glover's natural enthusiasm for and about his work and how the audience interprets it with tremendous communication. But only through movies But also through unusual questions and answers which he often shows the following He clearly hopes that people will continue to think about what he has to offer. <br /> <br /> The easiest way to interpret and cancel this movie is to label Dada or the destroyer. Attack on children and youth in the modern film industry Actors working both inside and outside But there is a reason that Glover presents a slideshow before showing movies and not just But only sell books His books are paired and created captions from images and messages that Glover gathered and what is it? Do the same with images drawn from Western culture. <br /> <br /> What is it? It is a movie that is cute and interesting in the way that everyone expects while watching. There are many things that happen about the use of the actors and gloves syndrome and of course is one of the most prominent aspects of this film. In fact, many people seem to interpret it as a distant crusade to see more realistic and / or elegant images of people with disabilities in movies and television or on the other side of the spectrum. Is seeking direct benefits of the disabled But it is not like that and may be part of what makes this movie uncomfortable for many people: basic, non-political or hateful But is one of the overlooked cultures of the mainstream to the ugliness of outsiders It's not a movie about Down syndrome. But it is a movie that belongs to an actor whose syndrome appears in it. <br /> <br /> I'm the type that is full when it Came to the ugliness and strangeness that was clearly conveyed as beautiful Happily for me, this is what is it? Present yourself to the audience Gloves use strange images of snails, death and disabilities in part because they want the audience to feel uneasy, whether it is the strangeness of the image or reaction that the internal organs have on the scream of dead snails In some ways, interesting elements (And oddly, occasionally serious) of What Is It? What reminds me of the work of painter Francis Bacon? He is a shameful Pope. Yes, and the inevitable distortion of human form that will make the audience cringe and want to look away. Like Bacon's paintings, Glover's films are rich and humble, with pigment and shine, chaos and acceptance? And conflicts help make everything more confusing But this is not a very serious movie and it manages to avoid the biggest mistake of pretending through the use of humor that is mostly from usage. (And juxtaposition) of the list of pictures and familiar names Popular culture And when it is It's funny. It's funny. <br /> <br /> What is overall? Is the first film from Glover, as a director and writer, and his presence as an actor in this film proved to be a distraction. Watching it as an observer in a bad or bad dream, but strange? And that makes you feel a little dirty when you wake up If that is the art you like, what is it? Is likely to exceed your expectations and is worth the effort to capture it in theaters, along with The Big Slide Show and Glover. In conclusion, it's an experience you can't forget anytime soon.
