What can I say more? Americans hate it completely because the US cuts are terrible, even if you can check the basic goodwill. <br /> <br /> Talking about the US drama (Including the newly released Blu-ray Disc version), it's faster and more tight than the HK cut. All background music is changed from dark and scary HK songs to hip hop songs. And there are many gruesome scenes cut off Although the voice-overs are famous, since they try to capture the voice and sound of the original actor, but the problem is the Hak Hap (Black Mask). And totally scary Unfortunately, the release of the US just reduced the amount of cream they needed, which, in turn, changed the sound of this film. (Hong Kong's release has been rated 18+) to make it more funny and skillful. <br /> <br /> HK debut. This movie is like a hidden gem for the whole "Matrix. "And the era of fighting scenes is great, even though the camera works as "Old School" in Hong Kong movies However, the style created by the film is a unique combination of kung fu and pop culture. With all the movies, costumes and black accessories, this movie has a superhero Batman in a black mask and a superhero gang from a multinational company led by heavy metal. Yes, it seems that the imagination of retarded children. But can use It is very impressive that this movie will give you a nightmare, with foreigners fighting the bloody fight in the film. In 2002, they created a sequel with a PG-13 score, but no Jet Li and Liu Qing Yun and you know how bad it is because Li and Liu are the main characters in the movie and have a strong personality and interesting friendship. And I talked about Francois Yip? The kick of her circle was great and cool than the villain leader because she didn't use the stuntman for all the battles. I'm not talking about her still smoking hot or not? However, there are many things that like movies. <br /> <br /> However, this movie has many problems as well. First of all, it's a normal script that has the highest potential, which means that the production team deserves a better screen writer. There are many great points throughout 100 minutes, but they often feel like being called far away and not feeling to the whole audience. (The American version is even worse because of the development of all characters being cut off.) However, you can't ask for action movies that are inspired by cartoons too. In addition, this movie is not entirely suitable for children. I will not advise you if you are younger than 20 years old. It is full of disturbing content including blood, gore, sado-maso costumes, brutal violence and others along with the style of the movie. A wet dream for rock fans, heavy metal, and action fans (cutting states is more severe But if you want to see, see HK release for what it is) 7/10 status: inspiring, hidden, inappropriate, for adults
