When releasing the story in 1999, it was regarded as David Lynch's first film that ignored his usual form of horror and surreal. From the true story of a man and a trip to visit his separated brother on a John Deere '66 mower. At first, it was strange for Lynch to direct. It's also an improved story. You can see the patterns of the past Lynch trademarks. <br /> <br /> Lynch's focus in small cities in America and its residents is still prevalent in times of effort. Before his, such as Blue Velvet or Twin Peaks, but the most striking difference is the strangeness being controlled. The restrictions that apply means that the film has a reputation for being Considered to be one of the few action live movies that I can think of as having G levels, this film is incredibly important as evidence that beautiful and important family movies can be created. <br /> <br /> The straight story is the first feature that Lynch directed at where he had no writing. For many people who like Lynch, this is a very negative issue. The only negative review of James Brundage from filmcritic.com Almost all have received international recognition, focusing on criticism that is not a typical Lynch movie. "Lynch is struggling in the story of his own non-G-Rated," Brundage claims to be his protagonist. Alvin Straight "quoted directly from Confucious". He argues that the story is weak and the dialogue is getting worse. But this is just the only criticism that many people will read for the movie. While it is a non-Lynch truth in terms of Eraserhead, Lost Highway or Mulholland Drive - all my favorite movies, The Straight Story looks different from Lynch, which is not terrible. If you are a fan of Lynch, the most important thing is to separate the side of Lynch. With this feature, <br /> <br /> The storytelling is slow and reflective, which gives the true feeling of the protagonist's thoughts while he travels. Go His destination Alvin is warned about his past and his relationship with his wife, children and brother. But it is very important that there are no backward events that increase the impact that reminds me of my grandparents' conversation. The conclusion comes, such as watching a ship carrying a slow winding river and it looks very beautiful. The natural landscape of the United States is highlighted and combined with the beautiful soundtrack by Angelo Badalamenti, making me wishing to go to America. The performance is also excellent with all the actors who believe in their roles and Richard Farnsworth is exceptional. His Oscar nominations are very worthy and a shame that he didn't win. However, it may be the best swan song for all actors. <br /> <br /> So while The Straight Story doesn't have complicated storytelling or trademark conversations of Lynch, this movie is an interesting character study. With being old and highly recommended!
