Who would think that a movie about a man driving two hundred miles on a mower to see his brother might be a good movie theater? I certainly didn't. I think I know what to expect: one of the most boring experiences of my life I'm wrong as I have never done wrong too often because this is one of the best, most realistic and realistic Hollywood movies I've ever seen. <br /> <br /> Give a history of "stories "Not very difficult. It's about the old and stubborn man who stepped into the mower and drove out to another state to visit his brother when he heard that the man had a stroke. Severe That is something special for myself. But what makes it special is the fact that he didn't see his brother in ten years because of stupid arguments. At the same time, he had a lot of luck and problems. But he met a lot of people that influenced his life in some way, with a philosophy of life Despite all the problems that he had been driving for several weeks without knowing that he could reach his goal: see his brother again before it was too late ... <br /> <br / > I can easily understand why there are people who don't. Just like this movie, and that's why I won't say that these people don't have a heart or something like that ... This movie has no flashy action scenes, it's as slow as a male mower. Driving and not, you don't have to watch it for a good soundtrack as well because there is no But why should you watch it? The simple answer is the story. I have never seen movies that have such powerful stories often and the fact that it comes from Hollywood and - to make things even better from Disney Studios. (Correct, the same studio that dominates us with sweet, sweet sugar) makes it even more special I am not ashamed to admit that I have tears in my eyes a few times while watching. It may be because of the overall situation of not seeing someone for many years because some stupid arguments are too real. For me, <br /> Some people will argue that this story is very shallow. But I disagree Probably because they saw But the old man drove the mower and didn't want to think much. If you look too close to you to understand that this man is doing all this because he knows he has done wrong, that is only his pride that stands in the way to see his brother again and He wants everyone to see as well. So they will not make mistakes as well. If that is not deep enough, you have to tell the story deeply. <br /> <br /> I want to add that this movie has everything. Some beautiful landscapes (Finally, an American film that shows something other than the horizon of New York, Chicago or other major cities), a very good performance by Richard Farnsworth, Sissy Spacek, ... and is a well understood way, despite The fact that this is David Lynch's movie. Now I know that I am completely wrong, assuming that this movie is not right for me. It's one of the best movies I've watched for a long time. This film is intended for my heart and attacked the eyes of the cow. I give it a full 10/10
