When it was easy to think that the royal drama series could not go anywhere, we were treated to a moving and intelligent drama that was abandoned by a strong and charming performance by Emily Blunt, the great role of Paul. Bettany Rupert Friend, Miranda Richardson and Mark Strong as an immediate force to help form the development of England's most powerful king. "The Young Victoria" represents a chaotic change. The girl power <br /> <br /> Emily played the queen with a good combination of strength and innocence someone who is aware of the complexity of the task at hand. But who is confident enough to move forward She can portray Victoria as a wise woman who knows that she needs support from some key players and must be able to stand up to those who may receive the best benefits at the moment. <br /> <br /> Victoria must Preventing attacks from the entrance to the crown, and even if she accepts her new position, she finds that the road to self-sufficiency will depend on important decisions and, of course, proper support. Fortunately for Victoria, there is Albert who seems to like her and is her partner. There is a remarkable chemistry between the two actors and there is little doubt that the outcome will be. But with the body of the Prime Minister Bettany, who gives clever support to Victoria and likes her. <br /> <br >> Miranda Richardson and Mark Strong shine in supporting roles as both sides that may be characters. Suspicious and using a lot of power to raise a young girl Every supporting character can use a little more development. But what we see on the screen may be enough to keep us focused on the main characters and the great performances by Blunt, the actress who shows enough fire and passion for the character. Previous performances In here, she received a breakout role in her career, a number in real life history that violated the rules and was able to rule for a very long time. She showed the seeds of the strength and character that the King might want. In the following years, she also had the sweetness and innocence that became the foundation of her charitable work and future interventions in social change. <br /> <br /> "The Young Victoria" is not a great picture of the British ruling class. It is a close story of human growth and any special circumstances that surround and shape them. In the end, this movie is a lovely item in the year which shows the importance of war and destruction. Here there is a message that good writing and good mediation can take us far and surely as an outdated love story.
