Who knows, Dowdy Queen Victoria, a plump priest who is like a solitary person for 40 years after the death of Prince Albert, her husband makes life full of drama and intrigue in her childhood 'The Young Victoria 'Not only recorded the love story of the Queen with her husband But it is also a good job to give details about the political mechanisms that surround her up to the throne. <br /> <br /> The I 'setting' draws you in immediately. After the death of Victoria's father at Duke of Kent in 1820, less than a year after the birth of Victoria, the Duchess of Kent was eventually addicted to former service officer John Conroy. Conroy insisted that Victoria was raised under the brutal "Kensington" system designed to prevent future queens from having to communicate with other children while growing up. Moreover, Victoria was forced to sleep in her mother's bedroom every day until she became a queen. <br /> <br /> The film explains that in 1830 the Parliament passed the Act. Which admitted that Victoria's mother would become a regent) in the event that Victoria signed the throne while still a minor During this time, the Duchess and Conroy tried to intimidate the hapless princess and confirm that she signed the documents that made Conroy the secretary general and her personal treasurer. Victoria has a strong determination to have nothing at all and refuses to follow the evil plans of Conroy's mother and her mother. The Duchess did not like King William as she saw him as a liquor merchant who brought disrespect to the monarchy. The king felt that the Duchess did not respect his wife. As a result, the Duchess tried to limit Victoria's contact with the king. In the above-ground scene that seems to be true in history, the king scolds the Duchess at his birthday party, stating that it is his goal to survive until Victoria reaches his full birthday. Around 18 years of age, <br /> <br /> King William kept his words and died shortly after Victoria had the right to join the throne. Victoria avenged her mother to support Conroy, whom she blamed for making her childhood miserable. Both were driven to a quiet apartment in Buckingham Palace and for many years Victoria had little contact with her mother. <br /> <br /> 'The Young Victoria' expresses excitement. And the pomp and environment around the coronation ceremony of Queen Victoria. The good part of the film relates to the relationship of Victoria with Lord Melbourne, Prime Minister of the Krit Party, which is a pity Appears in the film is younger than he actually is. In the beginning, Melbourne gained the trust of the young queen and they became good friends during the early years of her reign. She saw that Melbourne was a progressive person. But after that he lacked respect as he revealed to be a general politician, hiding the insult of the group of people he should win. In fact, Melbourne is the father of Victoria more. But this film implies a sexual tension between the Prime Minister and Prince Albert, as if they were romantic competitors. <br /> <br /> The story thickened when Melbourne was forced. Going out and the Queen will have to assign Sir Robert Peel of the Conservative Party. Sat as the new prime minister This film records the events of 'The Bedchamber Crisis', in which Peel resigned after Victoria refused to replace some of her Bedchamber women with the politician's wife, Tory. The film came out with another scandal involving Lady Hastings. One of the duchess's women waiting to be accused of having a relationship with John Conroy and conceived by him. Because of her hatred towards Conroy, Victoria took part in the nasty rumors spread about Hastings alleged pregnancy. When it appeared, Hastings became pregnant only. What she had was abdominal tumors. Victoria's lack of experience showed during the Bedchamber crisis, but the scene of the film ignores the character's disgusting appearance as much as seen from Hastings Affair. <br /> <br /> The rest of the agreement 'Young Young' and - of course - love between the Queen and Prince Albert Victoria waited for Albert to wait while the film was clear because she wanted to adjust to her duties as a new king. They spent some time with the other party until Albert returned to England and supported Victoria during the difficult times of the Bedchamber crisis. <br /> <br /> I found similarities between Prince Albert and Prince Philip Current Queen's husband While Philip was mostly Danish, he went to school in Germany and had a son-in-law based on Germany. Both Albert and Philip made their business reform courtesy. (There is a good scene that Albert discovers that the servant still holds the table for King George III, even though he has died for many years!) Albert's battle is the same for Philip, as the husband of the king, had to find something to do. Both Albert and Philip are involved in various citizen projects and prove that they do not need to live continuously under the shadows of a popular wife. <br /> <br / > Fortunately, there are wonderful scenes at the end of the movie. Albert makes Victoria angry with what she sees as his intervention in her story. Albert did not want the second 'Bedchamber Crisis', so he went to his wife's head and made a compromise involving Victoria's bedroom lady. Victoria almost spoke to Albert when the killer's shell almost cut both. (In the movie Albert was shot in the arm But this never happened!) <br /> <br /> The performance in the movie was excellent, especially the employer Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend Young Victoria ended abruptly and the closing credits leaned towards the hagiography too. (Not mentioning Victoria's depression after Albert's death) But 'Victoria' is still an engaging drama and interesting history lessons.
