At first I was forced to join my wife because she was fascinated by the British dynasty and their history and she wouldn't go to see the movie without me. Although viewers should not expect to receive electricity. But this film was made very well and the viewpoint was second to none in many ways. It helped to dispel the myth that Victoria was a pathetic innocent woman seen in photos. She is intelligent and historical. In her early years, a happy young woman who loved and enjoyed Her love for Albert is the essence of true love, and even if you count the number of children you are bored of (9), they must have a passionate relationship. All this happened well in the movie. For this reason, the actors have been carefully selected for both Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend, which gives the voice acting as Victoria and Albert. <br /> <br /> (SPOILER ALERT) Historical accuracy is somewhat questionable as Prince Albert received a shot while defending Victoria. At least once there was an assassination attempt when they went out together. But no one was shot / s. I found it strange that there was little to expand the intimate relationship between Victoria's mother and Sir John Conroy. It may be that this relationship is the real reason for Victoria's displeasure with both her mother and Conroy. I find it strange that there is an attempt to describe the relationship between Victoria and Lord Melbourne that is wrong. Romantic or at least have the potential to become a romantic person. He was in the late 1950s when Victoria came to the throne, and while the marriage between an old man and a young woman was common in that era, this film showed that Melbourne was a lively and competitive person. Prince 30, Albert is clearly a rival to Albert. But she never married, even under a little of her life station, and Albert was one of the few people to be accepted in all cases. <br /> <br /> All in all Spending less time in the cinema and brownie scores with my wife can not be a bad thing as well.
