It was the Queen Victoria's misfortune that was designated as a historical person according to her relationship with a short man. After her success in the throne, she was under the influence of Lord Melbourne Prime Minister. Which she became known as After the death of her beloved husband, Albert, she was called "Widows at Windsor" and many years later, a long-time friendship with Scottish John Brown John John Brown earned her the nickname "Mrs Brown" in the patriarchal society. The truth is somewhat different, and "Young Victoria" goes some way to make a direct recording of the queen as a wise and independent young woman who is aware of the inequality in her society and at the court of you The court is often a source of jealousy, planning and retaliation, planning, ambition, nudity, and sometimes a sudden murder. As an 18 year old virgin, Victoria ascended to the throne. Her uncle started planning the battle and power between Prime Minister Lord Melbourne and his rival Sir Robert Peel. Lord Melbourne cuts in the form of an Old Public School Man with humble cynicism and well-refined advice. It is almost no surprise that the young queen found himself in his fear and perhaps had a little love. The fear that he found mercilessly uncovered was a draw between the temptation and trying to seduce. As he enforced his policy In the arena, ride Prince Albert on a mission from King Leopold of Belgium, eager to build a political relationship between Great Britain and the rest of Europe. At first, the girlfriend who reluctantly fell in love with the British queen and made the influence of politicians and courtiers calm. "The Young Victoria" is a film with beautiful photographs with excellent scores and very luxurious. Criticized in some quarters for this luxury as if a film about the 19th century British dynasty should show the Empress of India and Families that live in rags in dirty places ........ I don't think so. I have to be single with Miss Emily Blunt, whose beauty reminds me of a young princess Margaret. She has a very important role and she has no problem in possessing this film despite the strong performances from Mr Jim Broadbent, Miss Miranda Richardson and Miss Harriet Walter. Everyone has an immense experience. Music is elegant and part of the whole film without any clutter in any way. The fact that Britan flourished under the two great queens, Elizabeth the First and Victoria, more than any other time, is something that feminists may want to do more. But I doubt the same as Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher. The powerful woman really makes them feel. Uncomfortable if you can figure out why there might be a doctorate in it.
