What can I say more? I'm not in love with the actress since Cate Blanchett exploded more than ten years ago. And although both Blanchett and Blunt will play as Queens now (seems to be the standard for the upcoming actress), that role is completely opposite. <br /> <br /> Just put on you. Looking for interesting drama And planning of Machiavellian This is not a movie for you. This is not to say that the chapter or direction is not good. It is a movie that does not lead to an amazing life compared to other famous dynasties such as Elizabeth I, Anne Boylen, Henry VIII, Henry V, Henry V, Henry II and Elainor of Acquitane. These people are lives that contain items such as soap operas that are made from policies and decisions that change the British way of life and in most cases world history. On the other hand, Victoria ascended the throne without incidents. She ruled the country that quickly became a global superpower due to the industry and the rise of her state navy, with a stable government and led by talented politicians. She married Children have a harmonious family life. The facts of her life are not Sturm und Drag, like a powerful drama made from the heart. <br /> <br /> The heart of the movie, in addition to trying to make this drama come true The story of one thing that is truly shocking and surprising about her reign - a love story. Marriage that is done for financial or political reasons has no need to be a place to look for a shaky world. But Victoria is always remembered in history as being the type of honesty, happiness and ideal family life of the patron saint. Therefore, the center of the film is Victoria's long love and her Prince Albert. I was taken by a friend of Albert, a friend of Rupert, whom he showed as a person with patience, patience and seriousness. "Do good in the world and help." In the short term, he is a good person with a good heart, not the one who has the most power to create the drama around. The heart of the character flashed through a performance that shows the determination and seriousness of friends. <br /> <br /> For the queen .. Emily Blunt is so noble. Her beauty cannot be denied. But she is more than a pleasant thing Her face is like mercury because of her expression. The smallest curved eyebrows, a little eye or a wry smile. Again, this is not a strong performance of a heavy speech and a sensational plea. It's not that kind of movie, but what Ms. Blunt does with that role shows the simple human character. Delicate, potential. <br /> <br /> For example, we saw joie de vivre, which was taken by Victoria's mother. (Miranda Richardson) and counselor / lover Conroy shows in simple things like Victoria trying to portray her dog. We saw her satisfaction and passion when meeting Albert for the first time with her eyes constantly attracted to him. We saw her nervous and overwhelming when speaking to Parliament about her ascension. And my favorite scene in this movie - we see that she is happy, happy and hopeful as she acts as an iron in what most women never do in their lives - ask the person you are Love to marry you For those moments (And some people say now) that Victoria burst out laughing before she said "Marry me" again. This is not a movie for the upper part that is larger than the expression of life. But is a study of the subtleties of the characters and makes the little things speak a lot. <br /> <br /> So overall I judge The film is what it is and what it is trying to do, and I give it it to form 7. I feel that some of the political issues can be better explained and some good actors lose their little character development. While the Duchess of Kent and the characters of Conroy and Lord Peel Again, movies don't have to spend a lot of time in those characters. But a little more explanation will help explain the political environment In addition, I would love to see more adaptation to the marriage between Victoria and Albert. But that may be just my greed for additional scenes between friends and blunt. <br /> <br /> In summary, don't watch this movie in terms of historical drama. But for the love story between two characters that are historical figures I gave this movie a 7 movie story for a great show, beautiful costumes and scenery, and the beautiful Victoria of Emily Blunt and anyone with a romantic romance. You will experience the end of this movie. God bless the Queen.
