Need someone to hold your hand whenever walking up or down the stairs? Have other people try the food before eating? Facing the mother who is carrying too much burden? This is just a small obstacle that Victoria's daughter had to deal with in this movie. (In addition, there is also a fight with the various forces that occur as well as the efforts of her life) Need to say it makes it look fascinating and informative. <br /> <br /> I've seen Emily Blunt in The Devil Wears Prada (and others) come before this While she was in this film, she was a great spot again. I was very impressed with her portrayal of Victoria and thought that she played this role very well. She made the transition from Victoria, the girl we met at the beginning of this film to Queen Victoria. She became a believer later. Blunt has a perfect role, showing different aspects. (From the weakness to the strength of Victoria, the girl who made mistakes to the controlling queen) is not enough to say about Emily Blunt. The second she was on the screen She can change you forever and includes the final shot of the movie. <br /> <br /> Rupert Friend Friend has proven to be able to show Victoria's love interest. (And the husband eventually) Prince Albert The actors have good chemical properties and you believe in the developing relationship. They have conflicts But you can tell that they are in love Blunt and great friends in every scene they share and make you interested in what happened between Victoria and Albert. Other actors in this film are also very good. Paul Bettany was Lord Melbourne, Miranda Richardson, as the Duchess of Kent, Mark Strong, as Sir John Conroy and Jim Broadbent as King Wigan. William There is no single bad performance in this movie. The less important people will be well conveyed as well, by setting a small screen time, even the Victorian dogs. (Cavalier King Charles Spaniel, Dash) is remembered and created in this movie. <br /> <br /> Although this film tends to cross the life of Victoria went many ways - and instead of telling us what had happened (With her and Albert) on the screen. The most important thing is what we really see. * This is a movie about 'The Young Victoria' (not 'The Middle-Aged Victoria' or 'The Old Victoria'. ) Even though there are some historical compositions with this film But still focuses on what to do - which tells the story of a powerful little princess. <br /> <br /> The movie looks amazing. Emily Blunt's costumes are visually beautiful and the music is only added to the movie, never distracting from it. It was shot in a special way and unlike many movies today, this movie has a good length, since it has not run for a long time until you lose interest or feel that it has been pulled out unnecessarily. br /> It passed without saying that what makes this movie so great is Emily Blunt. She is in a good style here in another great performance and elevates the film to superior. The actor, who was ever present role is quite important / historical. This film is a finely crafted movie with an excellent performance that should be viewed. If you are grateful to look at the attractiveness of women that are extremely important in history, this is something that shouldn't be missed.
