The interest in the film in the British monarchy continued with The Young Victoria (1837 to 1901) after seeing in the last few years the efforts of Keuch Knightley's The Duchess, Elizabeth Cate Blanchett and Scarlett Johansson and Natalie. Portman, Boleyn's other girls, other contemporary stories will include the award-winning portraits of Helen Mirren in the current reign of Queen Elizabeth II after the death of Princess Diana. > <br /> Movies Each story discusses a great actress. So some people may argue Johansson) or the taste of their time, and each film has a clear time in the legacy of the characters in their history that it becomes a simple game that will have those events clear and in In fact, however, The Young Victoria is the name already recommended as the lite version of the life of a young queen and if you are looking for a clear event or event. The politics that plague every major royal dynasties and their contact with the trees. Politicians who provide self-service, unfortunately, there is nothing deeper. <br /> <br /> That doesn't mean that The Young Victoria isn't outside. Directed by Canadian Jean-Marc Vallee (best known for CRAZY) and written by Julian Fellowes. This film has a record in very plain terms, Victorian life and time. (Emily Blunt soon became a new girl) when she was a child The problems she faced before the coronation, such as the enthusiasm of the Duchess of Kent (Miranda Richardson) and advisor to Sir John Conroy (Strong mark) to appoint himself to be the co-capital of her throne, Jim Broadbent, as if it were not enough. The political power drama came into the picture with Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany). Is the prime minister who is looking forward to trying to gain the trust of the new queen. The palace. On the other hand, you will understand the need to have a young and new queen who will have sensitive people. Trusting in important positions, but on the other hand, do they show your interest or the interests of others? <br /> <br /> Even the view of the intrigue in the romantic story With her Prince Albert (friend Rupert), whose relationship has caused a lot in the second half of this film and everything is included in the trailer. For both of them, they are raised under the influence of others and tell every step of what to do. Even their union may look like a tightly registered partner if it is not for couples who are aware of the need to share their own foundation and to do so with mutual help. Instead of being a pledge, searching and examining the opportunities to be separated from restraining and sometimes absurd, rules and regulations Trust has become a product of great value and loyalty can be exchanged because you want to make a clean slate. <br /> <br /> However, all of these themes have become a narrative through childhood stories. Until the story of love, marriage and children. In fact, there is a very fast forwarding here, especially in a few minutes full of names. Actually, it makes the audience want more and of course, the room for other movies, which I suspect may not see the light of the day, but maybe the TV series may respond to this movie and come out with a mini-series. Or something like that It is a shame that all efforts here are to ensure that costumes, costumes and artistic directions are confined to light-weight movies and discuss the short problems that they do not challenge the protagonists for. Allow Defeating the opponent that defines the character. <br /> <br /> By choosing a famous actor, expect more. Recommended for those who have ever wondered about the King and Queen in the British royal family, just to add other interesting stories that are already in other films mentioned.
