Princess Victoria (Emily Blunt) enters the throne of England. The current King William (Jim Broadbent) is not good and may not last long. However, Vicki's mother, Princess Duchess of Kent (Miranda Richonson) and her assistant John (Mark Strong) wants to force Victoria to sign a document announcing that they are "Regent" until she was aged. The girl refused, although John slapped her around. It was another sign that Victoria had a deep passion and love for her country. Nonetheless, when William passed away shortly after her 21st birthday, Victoria knew she had a heavy duty in front of her. First of all, you must surround yourself with the correct "counsel" to control wisely. She chose Lord Melbourne. (Paul Betta), a handsome man, even though the old man is mentioned as a Vicky's girlfriend. Which led us to the second important decision of the Queen Not long ago, the young queen should choose her future mate because it would bring stability to her life and to the kingdom because the heir must appear in the next few years. In Germany, distant relatives of the British dynasty are planning to hatch as well. Handsome Prince Albert (Rupert, friend) of the Saxon-Coburg dynasty, was taken by his father to the British court. When he arrived at the palace, he was beaten and the feeling seemed to be together. But since he is a small player on the map of the Royal tournament, can he win her heart? This movie is a lovely movie created better with the winning performance by Emily Blunt like Victoria. Yes, she's beautiful, but it is her smart reading about the role that scores a lot. Friends did well, as well as other actors, including Broadbent, Richardson, Bettany, Strong (a nasty role!) And the rest. In addition, the film was also filmed beautifully, set and made it into a picture. That can be seen all the way If there is something missing, it is a dazzling supplement because the movie seems to be straightforward and too boring. Sometimes there are unbelievable corrections. However, this is just a small argument in a successful and beautiful film overall. In short, children and adults should give time to Young Victoria. It is the most valuable movie of all films presented in 2009.
