The reign of Queen Victoria, 63 years, may be one of the most recorded and known historical reigns in British history. On the other side, the story of her lack of courtesy of the previous dynasty, due to changes in the social atmosphere and attitude and her story is another story that is long since humanity years ago in her life of love. Between her and Prince Albert, the German director Jean-Marc Valle, who had But until recently, still in the unknown shadow of the industry Is important to her heritage It is a story that gives a very humble feeling when considering the vibrant background and also makes a different edge here separate from the normal fare. <br /> <br /> Using a method that focuses directly and focuses on a short period of five or more years between ascension and marriage to Albert. The Young Victoria does what is natural in this time, Rather than trying to encapsulate the chaos of his entire life, Vallée instead chose to show less complex than known in the early years of Victoria, which is easily overlooked in favor of a well-known reputation. The result is a feature that may cause historians to be dissatisfied with the fact that about facts and similar things, but never allow documents to extract interesting stories. Writer Julian Fellowes is armed with his gun and Delivering a little romance, drawing Vallée using this and making sure to fully utilize those elements with Restrained enough to preserve the integrity of the relevant history and the audience watching. <br /> <br /> The most important part of the happiness of watching The Young. However, the plays of Victoria are set in the production value received from that. This made Regal Britain in the early 1800s come to life with strong realism, so it was not successful in this genre. Everything from costume design, hairstyles, hairstyles, lighting and photography, highlighting the great backdrop that is hidden in the story of Victoria without having to bother with it. In fact, while watching the interpretation of Vallée's life coming up here, it is very difficult not to be sucked into the beauty that permeates the visual elements only. And there is also a score of this film that works superbly in customizing the elegant and personal colors that dominate the Fellowes script The collection of the works of Schubert and Strauss in the story of Victoria and Albert, not only But is a reference point for characters to play with But also works that are graceful and omitted that reflect the original work of Ilan Eshkeri br> <br /> But for the elements that are lush, lush behind the scenes and impeccable costumes that separates every scene, the factors that The single most important thing here and for most modern drama is the actors' performances and the way they help. Bring the world they have in life. Fortunately, Victoria is still happy with a group of equally innocent musicians, both young and old, who work perfectly. During the Victorian romance (Emily Blunt) with Albert (Rupert's friend) and the struggles of her counselors and similar things (modernized by Mark Strong and Paul Bettany), conflict and warmth There is a complete transmission here by everyone involved, which helps prevent this film from being plastic "looks good but is dim under" common with these places. <br /> <br /> In the end, it is difficult to make mistakes, such as The Young Victoria. It is the perfect touch and human feeling of love in a romantic atmosphere, including some historical significance. Shows that it is an interesting source for viewers in such details Of course, it may not have happened in the movie world by storm and lacked some importance for its overall appearance that stopped it from becoming more than just a romantic drama movie. But in this sense, things that make fun It seems that Vallée is not struggling for greatness. In any way, and he was not satisfied that he had made a piece of the escape gangster for lovers. One of the places in this central gray area is also the location of Young Victoria, which of course will focus on fans of the genre and those who are crazy about normal acting. Beautiful, memorable But the most important thing is man. <br /> <br /> - Reviewed by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
