In addition to the longest reign in British history (63 years), Queen Victoria still has two differences. She is apart from our current queen, the oldest English monarch who lived until the age of 81, and she is also the youngest king in England. (Compared to the English or Scottish kings) who came to the throne at the age of eighteen And whenever a television or cinema creates a show or movie about her, they seem to be interested in older Victorian girls in their girls. The version of Victoria that the current audience may be most familiar with is Judi Dench in "Mrs Brown" "The Young Victoria" trying to compensate for the balance by showing us the events of the accession cycle and the early years of Her reign Sarah Duchess of York, the former Princess Beatrice, her daughter, appeared especially short. <br /> <br /> There are three main lines in the plot. The first thing related to the interest of Victoria's mother at the Duchess of Kent, an unpopular figure, even with her daughter, mostly because of the influence of Sir John Conroy, her mentor As widely as her lover (According to one rumor that is unfounded, he and not Duke of Kent are Victoria's natural father). The second story deals with the love between Victoria and Prince Albert, her German cousin, and The efforts of the King of Leopold of Belgium, the uncle of both, have an influence on this love. (Leopold's hope is to increase the dignity of Saxe-Coburg's home, which he and Albert are). Third concern, one of the most bizarre events in the political history of England was a bed crisis of 1839 when supporters of the Tory Party (which supported the rule of a strong monarchy) were rioted by the Queen. He agreed with the Whig Party and their leaders. Melbourne, though, Whigs had previously supported the semi-autonomous government system while the monarch became a statue. <br /> <br /> Julian Fellowes playwright is known for his conservative views. And sometimes I wonder if this May cause his color to maintain his political style while he seems to be leaning to the side of the Tories, the ancestors of modern conservatives. Their leader was Robert Peel, showing that he was a formidable statesman, while Melbourne on all sides and his charisma showed that he was a devious person and was not interested in social reform. There may be some truth as these characters, but Fellowes objected to the fact that just a few years ago, Tories had opposed the Reform Act, which ended the corrupt electoral system of a rotten city and they benefited. From the constitutional termination of The administration of the Whig <br /> <br /> The lessons in the history of the dynasty and the constitution are not always transferred to the movie screen and this has a share of inaccuracies. For example, Prince Albert was not injured in the efforts of Edward Oxford about the life of Victoria and Melbourne. (In the late nineties of his period as a member of the State of Victoria) was not youthful. King William IV did not like the Duchess of Kent. (Which is his sister-in-law) but I wonder if he will go as far as insulting her at the state party while he is performing here. I still do not understand the importance of the scene in which Duchess and Conroy tried to force Victoria to sign in. "Regency command"; The Duchess's constitutional position was clear by the Regents Act 1830, which, if she became a regent, if her daughter was still under eighteen at the time of her accession. There is no paper signed by Victoria to amend the provisions of the Act. <br /> <br /> There is also occasional discontent. In the first scene, we see Victoria and Albert playing chess while That compares itself to the premiums that have been moved around the chessboard. The metaphor is so complete that all scenes should come with "danger! Warning, but even so, I enjoy the movie. There is a particularly good performance from Miranda Richardson as a Duchess planner and Mark Strong as the terrifying Conroy. It is something that is very visually appealing, shot in an elegant style. We are connected to the British historical drama. Jim Broadbent came back to have fun as King William, although sometimes he gave up on the temptation to go to the top. (Although not a terrible story while he was in the "Moulin Rouge") <br /> <br /> The main reason for the success of this film is the performances of Emily Blunt and Rupert. Friend as a couple, two lovers Victoria and Albert Blunt, more attractive than Victoria in real life But in drawing her delightful image, the queen is no longer the old woman in the imagination that is famous for the Black Widow of Windsor at Windsor that is not always fun. But strong determination And the girl who loves Her love for Albert and their happy family life together is one of the main reasons that the monarchy has succeeded in establishing itself in the love of the people of England. A (Except George III, the Hanoverian ancestor of Victoria, is not famous for marriage Blunt and friends make "The Young Victoria" a romance and drama movie that attracts humans, including exploring important moments in British history. 8/10
