The legendary Andrei Konchalovsky, who was towering 4 and a half hours of Siberian poetry, did not start immediately because it had to return to space because it took time to explore the circle of childhood memories that were half-way. The village is a hundred years old rainforest. But this film is in the process of creating a steam building with emotional resonance, as if even the sounds and images composed by intimate relationships with their stories with the quality of the silent dignity that is tireless. Konchalovsky Celebrating the union of the Soviet Union But in a way that is almost revamped for paeans such as Soy Cuba and Invincible, the mood will change The revolutionary news reaches the peaceful Siberian village through the vineyards. The result of his work reached when the Second World War demanded that young men enter all these criteria. Konchalovksy, each person's center, with care and love, to examine the bitter desire and regret of women waiting for 6 years. After the war for a fiancé who never returned long enough to go out and become a servant In a boat with a velvet bed and she resigned many years later to return to her village to look after the aged uncle who killed his fiance's father with an unaware of the folly of the fiance returning from the war as a 20-year-old hero. The line came back, not for the woman he left behind. But to penetrate the oil for the homeland, despair and resignation of the middle-aged regional party leader who returned to his small Siberian village with the sole purpose of Of the map to build a power plant The film is divided from decades to decades from the 10s to the 80s, with stunning news stories based on Soviet history, from revolution to famine, war and technological achievements of the giant empire. (Great picture here! Violence, kinetics and blinking angles Crowds and faces) But the actual movie focuses on each individual in triumph and foolish, small and large. In the second half of the year, a feeling of serious bitterness arose. Of a broken life that has never achieved the goal, choked with regret and yearning "It doesn't matter." It seems that the world is saying that Konchalovksy replied "It must be important" because the protagonist is trying to redeem it. <br /> <br /> Still behind the human fairy tale with this landscape. Seems to have something in the shadow, almost worthless, like an eternal male priest who appears in all parts to guide or deny the protagonist, sometimes only as a spectactor, sometimes a mysterious sage; Just a little behind and above all, a straightforward and logical challenge. The ultimatums are difficult to understand and confirmation of human characters. The invisible thing seems to lurk. The ancestral ghosts appear in the dream of Sepia, taking a repetitive picture of a star shining at night as a curious bear. Of course, the eternal old man himself; Konchalovksy calls for fear and reverence before the mysterious land of other commands to maintain a small rainforest community that struggles with advances and times of nature and in how to learn to deal with them often. Will be strange, funny and sad at the same time and in the way that the director does not allow cynicism I am from the profound desire of the gods of Shohei Imamura, when in the dream scene, Alexei tears through the doorway, which is strewn with Stalin's propaganda poster to his father (deceased) while he disappears. In the fog, the movie introduces the betrayal of Soviet dreams. Or better, in everything that has disappeared from the revolution, this betrayal causes more clarity in the heat of the movie The breathtaking images, elegance and gloomy with raw naturalists help seal the deal. At the end of this story, the derric oil erupted in flames and the movie erupts in the explosion of pure cinema.
