This film seems to have been designed as the Fred Astaire-Ginger Rogers movie - outline, plot, dance numbers, zippy songs and all the recipes there ... except Ginger! Whether it is true, originally intended to match the new team But there is uncertainty But of course, there will be features of these movies instead of using Fred's usual sidekicks (such as Eric Blore or Edward Everett Horton) using Burns and Allen - even though they are known as funny teams. They can sing and dance quite well. This made me really shocked, but the team received more reception and some traditional Fred numbers and ginger made with Fred and Gracie, or both, along with George. Finally, Ms. Fontaine dances with Fred just one time But it is very short and with a remote camera. <br /> <br /> And Burns and Allen's speech, I think I owe to the team to Talk about them in movies. I have never been a fan of their shows or movies before. In general, I found that Gracie's madman was very annoying and I criticized bad reviews about shorts, movies and full movies. However, in this film, I have to admit that they are great - not just dancing well, but I think they are funny and fill the remaining holes by Edward Everett Horton. Very much, they are on top of the game and the writers do the results. Great work in this department. <br /> <br /> Now, for other movies, it's fun and fun. But the problem for me is Joan Fontaine, not a good choice, especially for movies - not just because she is performing outside of her scope. (After all, she's not a singer or dancer) but because she has The appearance of the screen of the ball of lint For this reason, the normal balance and dialogue for a wonderful girl is absent. There is also a very charismatic performance by Harry Watson as the evil little boy who does all he can to play Cupids - all because he wants to win! And finally, I like the Fun House and Tunnel of Love sequence - it's too difficult to describe. But very fun to watch! Overall, I like movies a lot - it's charming and wonderful writing. Unfortunately, it also has an unbelievable performance by Ms. Fontaine that has fallen from the spot, causing my score for this film to 7.
