Soon the Americans would encircle the dark and damaged England, ready to invade Europe. But in 1937, the image of the American hip on a sunny, slightly ridiculous English countryside was a fascinating and beautiful thing. American Dance Star and dancer Jerry Holiday (Astaire) on the European Tour & the exhaustion of the female crowd screaming due to the horrific propaganda of his manager (Bern) was Caught inadvertently on the wedding occasion.) Tales are complicated by the gambling group among the Marshmorton servants run by (And rigged) Chief Butler Keggs (Gardiner), who betrays the cousin of Lady Alice Reggie (Noble), who is Alice's favorite. The story should be better than when It takes half an hour on TV. The plot device of Wodehouse that has a false identity and skips to the wrong conclusion will wear some into the full length film. Both Alice and Jerry look ridiculous. (And annoying) in the second half of the movie Interlude amusement park & ​​climax in the castle is too long & started dragging Fontaine too beautiful, too elegant & too quiet to be a blonde girl, no matter whether it is an aristocracy while the young Albert soldier. Watson is horribly painful, but while "Damsel" is a very small vehicle for special abilities But talent didn't disappoint us. Astarte's romantic comedy skills are less fun than in one of his films, with Ginger Rogers and his solo dance moves and Burns and Allen, although he dances with Beginners learn to play Joan. Gracie almost steals all the performances as George's secretary, who once aired. Her scene with the strongest actor, Gardiner, as a stubborn gangster. Keggs is a classic that is unique. This precious scene of Astaire and with Madrigals singers makes "Damsel" a delightful color for innocent Americans. But boldly mixed with the noble British Gershwin is at the top of his game with "Nice Work if you can" & "Stiff Upper Lip" which brings the movie through its weaknesses And there are also other films that Madrigals are treated with to throw Gershwin? "Girl" is more than a matter for those who might want to see Astaire without Rogers or Fontaine before she is a real star. It is an entertaining game like a vaudevillian performer who ruled 1930s, but will never do it again.
