In the famous essay he wrote about Charles Dickens, George Orwell points out that many readers often regret that Dickens never wrote as he had done in PICKWICK. PAPERS: That is, he doesn't stick to writing. novel This would not be too difficult for his contemporary Dickens, Robert Surtees, to precisely focus on misadventures Of the fox hunting suit (MR. FANCY ROMFORD'S HOUNDS is the name of one of his novels). Among hunters and horse lovers, Surtees still has the following things. But most people find that his novels are unreadable Dickens was determined to show that he was more funny. (And don't forget his first book, SKETCHES BY BOZ, is a funny book too). So Dickens's third book is Oliver Twist. (Which has a very bad score) Orwell said that for the composers to grow, they must change the format of their books. The ghosts will surely (and succeed) agree to <br /> < br /> But Orwell looked over the type of writer who surpassed his friend Surtees. As I said, was a writer who focused on hunting - but not everyone who was interested in hunting. Sees himself as a provider Ting appeared in the upper reaches of the British social system. His Earl of Emsworth is proud of the best pig raising in England than ... Earl of Emsworth! His Psmith is always ready to respond when he should. Losing to his unjust boss, Stanley Uckridge, will have a "perfect" form that should have huge profits (But can be separated at the end) and his most important Jeeves will make his clever brain work to help Bertie Worcester, his leader, because Wodehouse has a limited view of his mission. As a writer - he was there to create a cartoon of fun for the entertainment of the world - his books never lost their glow. They act (And still serve) their purpose In fact, compare Wodehouse and Evelyn Waugh in his more serious days, which still write funny books. But more knowledgeable The best of Waugh remains the highest point of 20th century English literature: BRIDESHEAD REVISITED, DECLINE AND FALL and the rest. But in his determination to make his score if his score fails to pay attention, the book reader will often fall down For every body that has a failure in his career, such as THE ORDERAL OF GILBERT PINFOLD, while Wodehouse can work less hacking as well. His fall does not go as far as Waugh does. <br /> <br /> Wodehouse is also a talented songwriter. (When you hear "Bill" in the score, SHOWBOAT is not the song of Kern and Hammerstein, but the songs of Kern and Wodehouse changed from "Oh Lady, Lady" ten years ago). He is also a useful playwright. So it was a delight to see that he brought his novel DAMSEL IN DISTRESS and changed it to be a screenplay here. <br /> <br /> It has a touch of Wodehouse, usually Keggs Butler. Perfect (Reginald Gardiner in a great performance) is a villain in the "friendly" gambling game of opportunity among the stately home staff at Khao Hua. He could not be ignored from time to time by singing the Italian opera - although Constance Collier's attempts to control his impulses This is typical of Wodehouse, so the love between Lady Alyce and Jerry continues and goes down due to the comedy of Keggs and Albert Young, who both want to win the cash game. Wodehouse often changes that plot by There are antagonists changing their view depending on the status they are interested in. <br /> <br /> Wodehouse is lucky to have here for Burns and Allan to work with. In general, it is considered the subject of all the movies they have made to support the actors (eg SIX OF A KIND and WE NOT NOT DRESSING). George and Gracie have the best support with Fred Astaire. Fun House, including the song "Stiff Upper Lip", is a great story, as in the previous sequence in which the three dance "broom" (Astaire learns from Burns), but Gracie's irrational logic is used. By Wodehouse in Click on the Gardiner (See how she manages to keep her money in his confusion over the changes she deserves to be - only Albert's happened to notice the error. Whether stupid or crazy) her conversation with Reggie (Ray Noble, a British band leader) who is her conversation with Reggie. Lady Caroline's son makes him imagine that he will marry her. But farewell to Gracie as she drove a car. <br /> The film failed at the box office because of lack of Ginger Rogers. In this film and Joan Fontaine's weakness, Fontaine didn't do a remarkable job. Featured in the role But the flaw is true of Wodhouse - he doesn't make the characters very interesting. But this film can stand without any other actors and their characters. Gershwin's music and the amazing fun of Wodehouse
