Before 'Zavet' had similarities between Tim Burton and Kusturica's artistic vision, they searched for their own poetic style and then they became cowardly prisoners. Burton has Depp (And still there), Kusturica has Miki Manolovich and sometimes they get important praise for repeating the same formula over and over again However, there are people like me who find jokes when they first hear. That's the main reason why Kusturica's worst movie is 'black cat, white cat' and 'life is a miracle'. 'Zavet' is a completely different thing. You may like you may hate But this is not just a poem Kusturica? Balkanic, a dreamlike thing Of course, if you want to be praised, you must play safely. It's so easy that Kusturica will create another gypsy movie and get a prize. Fortunately, as a brave man, he chose to create a movie that would look ridiculous to his previous work. 'Zavet' can be described as a strong and violent parody in the movie Kusturica, directed by Kusturica. Very beautiful to see a movie director who is not too serious. This is the quality that Kusturica has and the greatest such as Bergman or Kubrick. There is no meaningless film that becomes ridiculous, deep and ridiculous nonsense that becomes hilarious. The same thing that made 'Plan 9 from space' will create this masterpiece for those who know how to watch. The average Western audience will not receive a little reference. The most prominent tire shop owner is Srbljanovic and this means the famous Serbian drama writer Biljana Srbljanovic. In politics, she played a very important role as a remaining liberal, and she insulted Kusturica Kusturica's political and anarchist views of 'everything but not smart'. The second made with Goran Bregovic ?? Kusturica's previous composer, he founded a funeral band and wedding band and began performing around Europe. Although he is regarded as a great composer, Bregovic is an actor and most of his music. (If not all) is a traditional Serbian song that is not good. Kusturica's work in Bregovic is a wedding confrontation and another funeral by funeral is a wedding parody. In addition, the music also closes the Western classic in the name 'London Bridge is fall' or French lullaby. Did you find this strange thing? Now you see how we feel in Serbia when listening to Bregovic's scary music. I like this movie a lot because it doesn't pretend to be deep. It is full of symbols that mock and it is beautifully directed because All his work If you like Kusturica's movies before, there is a lot of chances that you will hate this. If you don't like his last few movies, you may find this to be a surprise, because this is like Fellini who directed 'Pink Flamingos' intentionally. I respect this guy a lot after the next movie 'Zavet'. Tim Burton's main characters with pale faces. The next Kusturica movie may be about aliens that easily invade the world. That's why he is the most interesting director in the world, whether you like it or not.
