Kabei: Our mother (2008) is a beautiful, poetic and noble beauty from Japan. Really cry! I've heard excellent reviews for this movie and rented from Netflix. I'm glad I did! In many ways, this film reminds me of the old style of making classic Japanese movies from the 1940s and 1950s that I have loved so much, as seen in the picture. With Japanese characters (letters), red, trimmed with canvas material, neutral colors. I immediately thought: this director loved Osu The same style is also used: Most indoor scenes have only a few outdoor scenes, even a pair of "shock pillow" like Roger Ebert calls them. The strength of the film is built on the love of each other. <br /> <br /> The story follows the life of a Japanese family before and during and after World War II. The mother takes care of her growing woman best after her father. (University professor) was arrested for sympathetic against the war. He had never been free and had a short meeting with his wife in prison before he died of starvation and sickness. While the former students of the faculty frequently come to help take care of the mother and two girls. He began to fall in love with his mother and father as a substitute for two women. But the war began and he drafted and they had to say goodbye immediately Will they show love for each other? Will he return from the war? <br /> <br /> There is a gentle heart and soul in the actors of the lead actor, Sayuri Yoshinaga. She is a type of Madonna, almost beautiful! Big eyes that are full of emotions and perfect skin. Actors who play as students are also phenomenal: His name is Tadanobu Asano. There are no men at all. He is gentle and kind. I like to watch both of these in other movies. I think I will check to see if there is anything for them. The two young actors are excellent as well. <br /> <br /> The film has just been released on NTSC DVD for American audiences with very easy-to-read English subtitles. I cried almost equal to the classic Japanese movie Twenty-Four Eyes (1954). Don't miss this movie!
