"I hate those stories that started with funerals. But I am afraid that this story will begin on the day that we buried George, not that we buried him for the benefit of the environment that we burned him to ashes. "Elizabeth said (Judy Dench). George's widow spoke She is comfortable and predictable with George. She has two grown children and a 12-year-old niece, but when she was 15 years old and in school in the midst of World War II, she played the saxophone at night in a band of girls (almost everyone) called The Blonde Bombshells. "Almost" because the drummer is a charming rogue Patrick who doesn't want to fight and may be killed by a yellow wig, red dress and makeup. Patrick looks as good as anyone else. <br /> <br /> One afternoon Funeral of Elizabeth Smith found himself in the attic of her home, where she played the saxophone, she kept practicing. But when George left the house on the golf course, two things happened. Her granddaughter was amazed at the goodness of Elizabeth. She began to talk about how the blonde Bombshells could gather and play at her dance school. Elizabeth then met Patrick (Ian Holm) in the episode. This is as old as Elizabeth attracts a lot to her when he has more than 50 years ago (he also attracts members of Bombshells. Every rose that appears in his bass drum has a special meaning that proves the love of He) Why? See if other members can live or not and why not. Is it a show of reunion at the school of her granddaughter? <br /> <br /> Why not one member of the band is Gaga, one is dead in prison? One has found salvation with the army. One of them didn't find any traces of The last one is known to be in the United States. One is a professional singer and does not intend to make gigs in the school, even reunion. But one by one, Elizabeth and Patrick brought together the surviving Bombshells. We do not know if it can be found enough or not. Practice more often than not turning into chaos. While they did this, we shared the incident with Elizabeth, how her life was when she and Patrick were children in the war that London played in the band while the bombs were falling. It's the most exciting time in their lives. When the night of the grandchildren of Elizabeth's grandchildren arrived, of course, the blonde Bombshells filled with jealousy and friendship that was added. After that, Elizabeth told us that Bombshells continued to play at the next gig and she and Patrick had no plans to marry ... but didn't see anything wrong with a little fool. <br /> <br /> This is hogwash, grateful, expert, and not bad at all What makes the work is the skill and charm of Judi Dench and Ian Holm. When I hear the word "funny warm", I tend to cringe, unless the actor gets the number one. Dench and Holm are amazing people who have to watch as they bring light and predictable things into this script and turn them into something that makes us charming. There are "general" tricks that Have fun if you remember the old broads in those blonde Bombshells, including Leslie Caron, Joan Sims, Olympia Dukakis, Billie Whitelaw and Cleo Laine Laine singing three numbers and almost out of production. She has a strong and unique jazz talent, while she is singing almost the program of Cleo Laine Show. Another interesting feature is the amount of great WWII songs played continuously.
