One of America's best film directors is without question. Elia Kazan, his superintendent, genius, is not particularly tight because Kazan needs more space to breathe and is slower and more delicate. However, 'Panic in the Streets 'Is a leading social thriller and is related to today more than 1950, when it was released The pattern of illegal immigrants smuggling people into imminent catastrophes spread rapidly around the world of diseases (Richard Widmark worried, saying: 'I may be in an American city in ten hours and tomorrow Africa' ) Ethnic isolation and slums Today's concern is more than ever. The film has a thrilling movie debut by Jack Palance and a great performance by Barbara Belgades. Two genius actors, Richard Widmark, are allowed to be a psychopath once and become a great hero. Caring, loving and warm In general, he was a leader in the campaign to stop the pneumonia epidemic in New Orleans by trying to persuade sluggish politicians and the police to be satisfied with the problem. There was a race against time to find a small bandit that contracted an epidemic of illegal immigrants within 48 hours before the entire city, and because they always reminded us that the whole country is in danger since 1919, the flu scene. One of the amazing things that infected Jack Palance was preventing him from climbing on the boat by using obstacles on the rope is ridiculous in the extreme. We are in the most gruesome sense that humans can be the worst carriers. The dramatic chase scenes in what they call the 'coffee factory' at the pier are the most creative climax scenes. Hitchcock's and has a beautiful scene Many non-professionals appear in this film, which has horrific realism, what is called reality. Kazan puts the camera in places where people never go, and even I will think twice. This movie is an important song of social realism. If it doesn't have the power of the highest thriller, that's because Kazan takes it seriously until he can't advertise too much because the threat of a disaster is serious enough to scare anyone without the need for a gun. And Mol more. The only unfortunate thing about this movie is the title which gives the wrong advice about superficiality. But Kazan is anything but superficial. He made it clear that this project was a public duty to remind us of the true possibilities. If those possibilities diminish today But alas, they are getting worse every day. One day after the global disaster, the film may show a few survivors as an example of an epidemic that occurred on film. But his lesson was forgotten
