The little happiness in life is to walk down the aisle in the old cinema at the rental shop and choose things because I didn't see it. Have a great time enjoying the movie back home and discovering this small treasure on my screen. <br /> <br /> Long before Elia Kazan turned himself into a famous brand in the movie famous (Not good) makes this story better than the average drama When you look at it, you will begin to notice that there are many good or good scenes that have been watched. In contrast to his next film, where this drama is large ... should be bigger and unreliable and shameful. Kazan finally has a person who calculates more than the director. (Ah, no thanks) <br /> <br /> The surplus of his future was hinted here only in the story. Disaster is coming! But this was Richard Widmark, who was unusual in the family in 1951 and avoided most of the excesses. This is Barabra bel Geddes, which can be watched almost with her bathroom turned down. (Good for her); They are a couple and they share a well-written scene about a big crisis and smaller stories. This is an expert cartoon interrogation with the talkative boat crew; This is a beautiful moment when the chase begins at the angular warehouse and the birds flock to shoot over the head to stop the moment. This is a small success that movies can offer that viewers can actually remember life. Something in Hollywood, greed, is now carefully avoided. This is the time that allows me to watch movies and enjoy them. It is a scalable movie that has a human nature, not a strange thing that makes him and others (David Lean) be obsessed with the latter, which will continue to be popular, which the legacy still feels a variety of shit different according to Pirates of the Caribean And Moulin Rouge br >> I just watched it twice and I will be cursed if I can tell you what Jack Palace is looking for in the final scene. But it is not important to me as an audience This reminds me of both No No Out Out Poitier noir and Widmark as a villain and Naked City, which you should really hold your hand.
