'Panic in the Streets (1950)' is owed to the British nobility as being American, as well as 'The Third Man (1949)' and Dassin 'Night and the City (1950)'. Director Elia Kazan chose to Filmed in most locations, photographing the decline of slums in New Orleans In a decision borrowed from the philosopher of popularism in Italy, he also hired many non-professional actors for the secondary role to get the true atmosphere of the city. However, any comparison with neorealism is misunderstood because 'Panic in the Streets' is the most pure melodrama. Illegal immigrants who were killed off the bay were found to be a pneumonia epidemic caused by the mutation of the bubonic plague which spread from humans to humans and were not treated at a similar mortality rate. 100% Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark), US health service officer, chief police suspect (Paul Douglas) to pursue a wide city hunt for people responsible for Murder, lest they be infected <br /> <br /> In my childhood I found 'Outbreak (1995)' Wolfgang Petersen is one of the scariest movies I've ever seen. The thriller that was stuck with many 'Panic in the Streets' {Name of work: "Outbreak"} makes me fearfully effective because it shows that the Ebola virus is both an invisible killer. And invincible ?? How can we protect ourselves from that? Kazan's movie is the first movie. (Which I know) to approach the subject of biological epidemics, although it is difficult to explain the visual perception of enemies that cannot be detected by the human eye. It uses Jack Palance instead of claiming to be a human. Of Plague, even though he was out in the dirt of human society, you never felt that Clinton Reed was putting his life at risk. {Some viewers noted that Reed had never vaccinated himself against disaster. But I think it's safe to assume that he Do it at the same time as the morgue staff.} However, there is still a sense of urgency to hunt for the killer who infects underground rats that are contaminated with drains by their misdeeds. <br /> <br /> In the Middle Ages when Black Death (now widely believed Will receive a plague in the world that has a civilization killing one-third of the European population. Many argue that destruction is the work of the devil. The character of Jack Palance, Blackie, performs effectively like Satan in human form. : The thugs at the square jaw can be charming and charming sometimes. But often tend to be violent His two hats (played by Guy Thomajan and Zero Mostel) are more terrified than anything else. He is obsessed with his feet. When a lazy man fell ill with fever, Blackie deduced that his cousin had to "Bring something to him" (the irony of an unnoticed conclusion) and try to examine this precious thing, probably the object. He sustains Poldi who is dying in his arms, which Showing a bizarre, manly love that is pathetic and unstable. Finally, Blackie / Satan stops? Not by the staff But is the burden of infection / own evil? As he tried to board the first ship that spread out across Europe
