"Panic In The Streets" is a thrilling thriller and atmosphere in which director Elia Kazan achieved great success with filming in New Orleans using a large number of local people to fulfill various roles. As a result, both characters and dialogues look natural and reliable. An important deadline that must be met to avoid catastrophes, providing stories that have a sense of urgency and good pace and problems that are delayed. The necessary actions from being used then increase the high level of tension> < br /> After a dispute between participants in a card game, Kochak (Lewis Charles) was shot and his body was dropped in the port area. When the body was found and the coroner identified the presence of the virus, US Department of Health officials called Dr. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark) and his investigation confirms the presence of pneumonia. Has confirmed that the contact list of known people must be vaccinated without delay because the nature of the infected disease means that if there is no such action, the infected person must die within How many days <br /> <br /> Do not know the name of the dead, the job of searching for his contacts is expected to be difficult, and this situation does not help when city officials and police officers Not fully convinced by the briefing of Reed. They suspect that the threat to the public is as serious as they claim it is, and their initial commitment is only the first obstacle to prevent urgent action. The follow-up investigation was thwarted by the lack of cooperation from the immigrant community, groups of sailors, fishermen, restaurant owners and some illegal immigrants before finally discovering the identity of the person and his contacts. <br /> <br /> Kochak, an illegal immigrant, is in a gang with Blackie (Jack Palance), Raymond Fitch (Zero Mostel) and Vince Poldi (Tommy Cook) and when the Blackie gang leader is aware of the ongoing police investigation, he assumes that Kochak must be ' Rob brings a lot of valuable things into the country, while Kochak and Poldi have a relationship. Blackie considers Poldi to know something about it and find out more. However, Poldi is ill and cannot provide any information. Blackie brought the doctor with him and Fitch began to move Poldi out of his room and down the stairs and this is when they meet Reed and the following exciting chase. <Br / > <br /> Richard Widmark gives strength Performing as a civil servant who received lower wages that effectively served his job while at the same time dealing with family preoccupation as a family. In an unusual role for him, he also reliably shows Dr Reed's determined and serious nature. Jack Palance's film debut made him see an impressive performance as a brutal gangster who judged Kochak's reasoning for leaving the game card and the reasons for the police investigation. His distinctive appearance also makes his screen appearance even more interesting. <br /> <br /> In the form of docu-noir in general, filming movies and using influences Neo-rhyme Which action will take place. Elia Kazan guides with precision throughout But still good at chasing memorable in the warehouse and at the pier
