Doctors and police in New Orleans have only 48 hours to search for an infected killer from pneumonia. <br /> <br /> A powerful and classy little thriller directed by Elia. Kazan, which combines the realism of documentaries and competition with time Heartbeat pulpy, set and filmed in and around New Orleans. Panic In The Streets is taken from some quarantine stories like 'em Cold by Edna and Edward Anhalt, who received an Academy Award from the original story. In addition, there is also a series of actors who give a great acting rate for their directors. On the other hand, Richard Widmark {leads the way one year before Marlon made for Kazan in A Streetcar Named Desire}, Paul Douglas, Jack Palance (Walter Walter Palance) and the great Zero Mostel name all get rattled like a chase Follow to stop the potential outbreak of Black Death. <br /> <br /> In the case of this film, the main suspicion is Kazan's clever ability to cut between himself. Drama without changing the current and mood of the work from Widmark's public health doctor with a syringe in his hand, running around to find the villain so he can do well. For the bad guys who are confused, why is there a wide hunting for them? The tension will increase until the fracture point of the fever. So lucky that the last thirty minutes became a piece of the theater with a great Palance as a nasty villain, which made Tommy Udo known as Widmark's self from the Kiss Of Death three years ago. <Br / > <br /> It's a fantasy and clever story that connects mice and criminals together. Is a carrier of disease Destroy society as it is It is a noir element such as paranoia combined with its basic thriller. While some memorable scenes are appropriately concealed by the restrained atmosphere which Kazan created Although the characters in the early days with mental symptoms threatened to screen this film along the alleys that spoke of this matter But this movie is worth the end. It's not an important film and may not be necessary. But of course it is a highly recommended movie that will be discovered by new generation movie enthusiasts and has been re-examined by an old guardian who might miss it today 7.5 / 10
