The Panic In The Streets opens in a tall, noisy style. The view along the dark streets followed by the camera tilting up to the rear window, which plays a flowing card game, which is an open space with a shooting location. Some of the Welsh atmosphere brought decades later in the Touch Of Evil. One player threw open the window. It is an appropriate action which introduces the various internal events as well as opening the first view of the world underneath. <br /> <br /> Take pictures in a monochrome with a high contrast. Panic In The Streets Benefited greatly from Strong actors, including good filming locations in New Orleans Scenes that are located in various places, such as the corpse, crowded transport offices, or among the broken colors of 'Frank's Place' offer an atmosphere that is unique and sometimes awkward, unable to create in the studio. With these elements, Kazan's film shows the influence of Dassin's groundbreaking Naked City two years ago, which caused almost all horrifying documentary themes in the Noir circuit. In fact, the previous chapter of Widmark is in Dassin, which is better than Night And The City, which is an increasingly frightening film. Joe MacDonald, the film's favorite film director, Panic In The Streets MacDonald also works with Kazan Pinky and Viva Zapata! And filmed Widmark again three years later in the masterpiece of Fuller Pick Up On South Street. <br /> <br /> As others noticed Kazan's film work presents the difference between the confusion, illness and morality of the road and the life in the peaceful and peaceful home of the Reeds. But while (for example) in The Big Heat (1953), the life of the house The hero is destroyed by the secondary elements that surround the fighting central character - eventually sending him back to work with vigilance and increased vengeance. - Panic In The Road puts anxious anxiety If Reed's within the realm of what would be the number of working days. Despite all the dangers, he finally returned to the chest of his family fairly and satisfied. The meaning of social balance has been restored for at least a moment by his professionalism and healing skills. <br /> <br /> Of course, that imbalance is created from crime and disease. Both are closely related in this film. It's a reminder to one of the slogan from The Great Cobra (1986) - that "crime is a disease, found a cure". An orderly comparison in the context if one which rings too uncomfortable from reducing society. At the climax, while Black is trying to escape on a boat, the unique image is similar to criminals, which are similar to criminals, both posing a threat to the health of society. As (The infected person) Blackie sneaks around the cheap room and dock with his subordinates in search of what he suspects everyone after, if not knowing that it is 'epidemic' and 'Blackie'. audiences Add more to associations linked Blackie's premonition was ironic about Poldi's unfortunate cousin, "He brought something in." The note was correct - though at the end there was nothing he could sell or steal. Blackie's logical assumption that the police will not bother with the murder of an anonymous illegal immigrant, some have a ring of truth about this and his confusion is understandable. Rolled even to love the house and Social aspects are real noir heroes. The familiar type is the leader of the protagonist as the only person who is forced to travel beyond the limits set by law. On his way, Reed was forced to adhere to the virtues in his hands for the society as a whole - the dimension of the movie that is especially special, causing Kazan director to have a conflicting personal history. The director gave the embarrassing presence of the HUAC by naming the Communists and the traveling suspects. His film shows the suspects dragged into questioning and manipulating the media, with the reason that people who overcome righteousness are a good way. These actions may reflect the director's feelings at that time, presumably accepting the McCarthy witch hunt and the suppression of civil rights granted by communist infiltration in the entertainment industry. In a time when the threat of terrorists and the state's response, the problems that appear in this film are remarkably modern. The striking scenes in the film consist of dramatic scenes where Blackie investigates the upcoming Poldi. dead Of his assumed cousin The cat likes Blackie following his victim across the room, eventually becoming a victim in the male patient's bed. Hold Poldi's head with a fever in his hand. It is a gesture that emphasizes the nature of corruption, whether moral or physical. It was clear that the actors had shown their own stunt or all of the scenes which led to a dramatic scene at the end, because the police and public health officials came close to the villains under the jetty. Half-crawling, half-timbered, slippery at the edge of the pool, the dock must have a very uncomfortable experience for the Palance, but it is a sequence that adds a lot to the suddenness of it all. <br /> <br /> Sometimes less. Credible elements distract the audience. Obviously, Dr. Reed was left to fight for a small backup in the government's emergency. Perhaps surprisingly, he never vaccinated himself - inviting him to turn to a remarkable moment that had never happened before. At the end of the film as well, the epidemic that may have occurred has stopped. But these weaknesses are more than the other pleasures of the film that still inspire and relevant viewing today.
