Knowing the time to finish the movie is as important as selecting the director and acting. And it is good to see when the director / script makes it right Clocking in just 82 minutes, 10 shows or less does not extend the story. It still focuses on being funny, sad and well-thought. <br /> <br /> Morgan Freeman (LUCKY NUMBER SLEVIN) The star as "He", an old actor who took a role in his presentation. We were introduced to "He" as he traveled to supermarkets in the outskirts of the city by The Kid (Jonah Hill, CLICK). Knowing that he had stars in his car, The Kid pressured. He talks about his disappearance in the theater in the past few years. He wasn't very prepared because not only But he will leave him for a while, he also travels to the place of filming of an indie movie that he may perform ("I have not decided whether to accept or not part.") The Kid is a relative of the director who is involved in this indie business and soon he falls in the middle of nowheresville Stuck, he decided to check the local market. He ran into the beautiful Scarlet (Paz Vega) that worked immediately. 10 items or less. Not only beautiful and smart, he started using her as a major research topic for his independent film role. He learns how fast she thinks of numbers and why she knows the habits of all members of this isolated community. <br /> <br /> But he doesn't just use Scarlet, he helps her deep into She lives. They travel together to bring her car back from a rogue husband and he teaches her to act to get the new job she is doing and how to dress successfully despite having to confront. Target the best of local clothes. This may be one of the most enjoyable moments as we see him as well, showing that he lacks the complete understanding of the retail chain stores. ("These shirts are only $ 12 dollars! How is it possible?! ") As stated at the beginning of this examination, it is sudden, but apropos has no way that both people can be friends, even if they have a unique relationship. They know when to say goodbye and what each person gathers. It was a quiet time. But thrilling when Scarlet's clunker car sits just outside the L.A. mansion. <br /> <br /> This is a wonderful, independent production and is a waste of time. And will not waste your time too
