It took only seventy-two minutes. The little ones that were overlooked in 2006 were just two sketches. But one thing that works well under its limitations is that almost all of the non-descriptive points in southern Los Angeles, the story itself is unreasonable. But like the movie "Lost in Translation" by Sophia Coppola, this movie is about two strangers. Return to their enlightenment life to meet important events It also helped a lot that Morgan Freeman and Paz Vega were playing the characters. Eventually being freed from the powerful sages and the authority over to condemn to become his extra-large screen, it seems that Freeman would be liberated as a movie star himself. His character was driven to a cheap grocery store in Carson, where he was able to research the role he was considering in the indie film. <br /> <br /> Didn't work for a couple of years. When he saw his DVD movie in the bargain bin But his ego is like that. He does not lack the monotony of watching and even imitating enthusiastic shop staff. The most appealing thing for him was Scarlet, a bitter worker from Spain and sent to the hotline where she was an inefficient role model. She interviewed the secretary at the construction company. But her deep insecurity seems to have overcome her chances. Still looks like the Amazon sister of Penelope Cruz, the beautiful Vega (one of the few redemptions of the "Spanglish" recalled by James L. Brooks) brings true consistency and vulnerability Of Scarlet. She and Freeman have great influence throughout the story, including not only stopping But at the grocery store But also including at Target, Arby's and full car wash service No shaking of the world occurs, except to show that two people are aware of the inconsistency of the encounter opportunities. <br /> <br /> Silberling makes the prosecution easy. But the production also reflects the craftsmanship of the bright "Sideways" and the infection score by Brazilian composer Antonio Pinto ("City of God") with a quick cameo by Bobby Cannavale (while Scarlet is about to As a former husband) and as himself, Danny DeVito and Rhea Perlman, as well as comedy with Jonah Hill ("Knocked Up") while innocent riders Jim Parsons ("Knight" in "Garden Tate ") as a receptionist who worshiped the 2007 DVD full of Including making the documentary "15 Days or Less" aimed at student movies and spending time in the 103 minute marathon; Six scenes enlarged; Three-way, light but deep conversation between Silberling, Freeman and Vega in the middle of Target; And a few small examples of DVD advertisements
