I am a big fan of Morgan Freeman. 'The Shawshank Redemption' is ranked among the top favorite movies of all time. But I have to admit that I always wonder about choosing his role. Many of his titles are a big budget joke without the '10 Items or Less' heart. For me, Freeman's return is a role that truly shows his acting ability. <br /> < br /> Freeman is an unnamed actor. He has been offered as part of an indi-unidentified image in which he is conducting some research at a grocery store in a poor neighborhood in LA. After being arrested there by his disorganized driver, Freeman was offered to return home by the Scarlet check-out (Paz Vega), whom he had been friends with. However, before she was able to bring him home, Scarlet had a big job interview that she had to go to, and Freeman agreed to tag it in exchange for a ride. <br /> <br /> The film consists of Scarlet. And Freeman in many places, but this movie is just a character about the interaction between the two. Freeman is a type of Hollywood that lacks connections that have never heard of Target and don't know their own phone number or even the day of the week. He drilled wisdom from the Dalai Lama that filtered through 'The whole world is just a stage', thinking and calling for Scarlett's job interview repeatedly as 'selection', and yet he has a way with people, a way that affects them beyond His reputation He is a fan of humanity. He studied. They asked questions unceasingly about them and appreciated their quirks that others would be disturbed. In Scarlet, he saw the stubborn people that he was. He saw the man he used to be <br /> <br /> Red for her part, showing a fierce pride and sharp tongue that serves to hide her insecurities about herself. Vega plays by connecting with Freeman, who skates between love and physical attraction that is almost a daughter, even though she plays beautifully and it is not as creepy as she sees it. But even though she felt that her connection with Freeman had grown up, Scarlet was interested in a different world reality and cut through the Hollywood of Freeman's bull that was attacked by pragmatism. That refuses to accept everything /> The film is intelligent and well written with simple conversations But effective I read one IMDb review, which says that the line is 'stilted', which I think is a misinterpretation of human-like words. There is no big solid, no deep search time. I think the secret is to show how people in everyday life can connect with each other. And I think Freeman and Vega pulled it out beautifully, drawing a bond between two people that shine like the sun on the ocean, without being intangible and difficult to understand. Shortly after it disappears, it still lives in your memory, provoking you with what might be possible. Ok, that's impressive. But I really like acting and movies I will definitely recommend this place.
