Barbra Streisand's special television program is still an important period in entertainment history - in any media, divided into three actions wisely. (To reduce the disruption of advertising) Streisand made a bold decision. But specializes in placing a variety variety show format (Which is the reason why there are no star guests or forced to tease) all performances on her shoulders alone The risky movement is rewarded with MY NAME IS. BARBRA has set a new standard for television music programming. <br /> <br /> Filmed in a famous monochrome style. (Which actually increases the performance of the show). My name is BARBRA, being flawless and shot impressive However, what makes the show truly supernatural is Streisand herself. Viewing the 23-year-old actor leading himself through the run of 55 minutes of the show is nothing more exciting than this. She is a great voice. (And still performing live for the first and third time) and showing the first evidence of a great star power that will follow you to the big screen soon. <br /> <br /> The greatest asset is special It was the courage to let Streisand stand on stage and sing a great song. After the "Much More" powerful opening act (with a short example from Leonard Bernstein's "My Name Is Barbara"), Barbra proceeded to walk through a multi-level studio showing the Disney Disney classic version. " After the time specified. "During the verses of" I am late "Streisand stopped at various levels of the set to sing wonderful numbers, such as haunt" Make Believe "and thunder" How the wine tastes. " Barbra entered her childhood again with the "A Kid Again" breed and then gave the performance full of "I'm Five" and "Sweet Zoo" at the same time. In the end, the illusion was broken while Streisand found himself liberated from imagination and returned to the real world. Then she sang about the childhood innocence lost in the cute "Where Is Wonder". From then, Streisand jumped onto the stage surrounded by a room full of musicians and performing the same. " People "who were excited before the loud applause of the audience in the live studio. <br /> <br /> Act II of a special beginning with Streisand hindered the studio audience by interpreting the" I Have blues "before sending funny quotes about "Pearl from Istanbul" from Streisand then headed to the Bergdorf Goodman department store, which helped her to sing a mix of poverty while walking around in the elegant fashion of the store. This is the brightest highlight of the special for fans and critics. The high score of Act II includes Streisand, singing "Second Hand Rose" that prohibits viewers from appearing as Latin bull fighters in the song. "No one knows you when you are away" and expressed frustration. The boy, while mugging with "Brother, you can help with a little bit", the third special scene is a concert with no scenes or ideas. Streisand is a truly thriving actor on the concert stage and this segment is the moment The most exciting for a special moment Streisand took part in the interpretation. "When the sun comes out" and continues to surprise the audience with the lovely YEARLING ballad version, "Why did I choose you?" "Lovers come back to me" and the mix between the three songs in FUNNY GIRL But with the interpretation of the Fanny Brice / Billie Holiday standard "My Man" which became the best song of the singer's love immediately. <br /> <br /> Streisand shows her immortal poem "Happy Days Are Here again "as credit closes on the left side of the screen Reaffirming the numbers, confirming the audience that he or she has seen something truly special. My name is BARBRA. It was a big victory when it first aired and eventually received five Emmy awards in addition to the first two soundtrack albums. Watch it all again, it certainly is not surprising.
