Barbra Streisand in 1964 still had curiosity and probably raised the eyebrows of the industry more than a few episodes when CBS signed with her for 10 years, worth 5 million dollars on television. But more importantly, Barbra and her manager insist on creative control - and acquired. She did this type of filming specially and most of her vision was clever and incredible. Open the Act I with the title song. (Not specifically written for her), Streisand competes through a level of music that is linked to "I'm Late" (from "Alice in Wonderland"!) - she is still in the line about ears and mustaches and "Too much shaving time"!); This is totally charming, if not strange. Choose - and enjoy it because it doesn't release the second album. She slows down for "make believe" (which may be too slow), but the drama "How can wine taste?" Is very amazing. "A Kid Again" is cute (with Streisand looks small in the big chair - that's Tom Tomlin got the idea?) Like "Sweet Zoo" ("I-crocodile-crocodile-not-alligator!") "Where is the Wonder" is very cool and beautiful and her "People" number is surrounded by The orchestra that touched her near the song Act II is located in the town of Bergdof Goodman of the city. Yorkshire, by Streisand, behaving strangely in a high fashion style (When she began to walk on the mink with joy, the audience watching the tape opened her mouth) Act III before the studio audience. (Consisting of lucky fans) begins with the powerful version of "When the Sun Comes Out" (Streisand looks out to breathe closely), followed by "Why did I choose you?" The best first of all) The lover "hurried back to me" too soon (which she eventually was drowned by the orchestra) and the funny mix ending "Happy Days are Here", which was reported That it took 12 times to close for an hour in a form that is attractive Awake Backed by Chemstrand (a fiber production company!), This black and white jewel moves quickly with chic settings, great movies, kick sets and great costumes. They do not make them like this anymore - and that relates to the special and to La Streisand.
