I can't help but feel that this might be a bigger movie. The screenplay is highly intelligent and it seems that it will be opened up in a way that is more than a Seven Seven. Not by changing the subject - I think most of it through movies. Filming is the only thing I found to hold a film. In contrast, the pacing is as specified. Anyone who works in corrections works really well and I think Bill Paxton has done a good job in directing. Now away from technical matters ... <br /> <br /> This movie makes me worried. Front spoiler !!!! All the time I felt that Bill Paxton was crazy, and then finally when Adam brought the FBI agent to the Rose Garden to show him where the body was buried and revealed who he was. Thrown in a circle I wonder if the first part of the twist But what really hurts me is when he touches the agent and sees the murder of his mother's agent and the fact that the agent as well. (Without saying anything, just touch). See it again with Adam and Asked him how he knew My dilemma wasn't that it was another twist thrown in. But the idea is almost ungraspable that this man and his father are not crazy, but actually choose 'bad guys' to speak to know their sins and crimes I do not guarantee eyes to eye, so I do not let this film believe that they do God's work. But I chose to believe that they were both clairvoyant and father, leaving one day deep down from that, and through what he had made his son annoy them permanently as well. That is my interpretation But what is disturbing about the movie is that it is like the house of the card and the endless circle and the correct interpretation of the disturbance that you are sitting in. It's one of the movies that I like to meet with writers, so I can ask him what its true meaning is. Are they crazy and bugs? They just telepathically and get a license because of it? Or do they have the appearance from God? And if so, God or demon will disguise himself as God My friends and I found themselves talking about it all night trying to figure out what is what and what the creator thinks is the answer when they create this movie. Of course, very disturbing, but it's not an exciting element for it. It's not the perfect movie. But of course it is their own Great work and performances by Bill Paxton and the kids who play Fenton are great. I hope he will not fall into the condition of a child star because he seems to have many promises. I rate this movie well for most parts that make movies. But I will get a higher score, if not because of the feeling that something (Although I can't specify what) is closed and if it doesn't Get the movie going to a higher level Is still a clear recommendation, especially for those who are curious
