Frailty is a horror-filled horror movie that follows the logic and effects of human delusions / obsessions into iniquity. Father (We never learn his name) is gentle. And the father who loved his only son's caregiver after the mother died from giving birth to the youngest son, Adam. The family world overturned one night when the father rushed into the boy's room and told them that God had given him a vision. And what vision? The duty of the whole family is to destroy the demons, which of course are disguised in human form. <br /> <br /> Continue from this place. Father kidnapped the people or demons that God ordered him to destroy. They put their hands on them to see their visions of evil and kill them? While making his young son look Fenton, an ugly boy, was horrified when he saw the only father who became a mad killer. Adam is younger, feels uncomfortable. But believe that the father is doing God's will Finally, the father took the children to the mission to kidnap the "demon" that God put on the father's list and eventually invited them to participate in God's mission for the family. <br /> <br /> Not you understand the father who is not right. He loves his children. He just follows the advice of God: "This is our job. Now our son must do this thing." When Fenton was afraid and believed that his father was mad. Go and tell That he would report to the police, the police. His father explained that "If you do that, my son will die. The angel is clear in this story." The pressure that children underneath are unbearable and tragic, and make their lives completely different (1) The structure of the film. Similar to those used in The Usual Suspects: Stories in the past, mood lighting, stormy weather, and creepy calm in the modern era, increasing the threat of the backstory. Until I remembered a story parallel to the life of Andrea Yates, who believed she was possessed by Satan and her children to drown. Even so, I would like to believe that I am watching the tragedy of men rather than the sacred punishment. <br /> <br /> This film makes me feel comfortable. The truth of Father's vision And this is as much as the vulnerability that creates problems for me Without regard to the accuracy of the vision of the father, regardless of the evil that his victims may do, who has the power to act as an angel of death (1) Comment Roger Ebert, 4 / 12/02
