Many of Richard Attenborough's films as a director have a biography of historical figures - "Young Winston", "Gandhi", "Chaplin". "Gray Owl" is also a biography of people in history. But in this case, Attenborough's story is a more vague character. <br /> <br /> Gray Owl is a Canadian writer in the 1920s and 1930s of environmental conservation and nature conservation at the time of these causes. Is less popular today He believed that American Indians were widespread. The story he told about himself was that he was born in Mexico with a Scottish father and an Apache mother and emigrated to Canada, where he was adopted as a member of the Ojibwe tribe. He lives in a lakeside cottage in the Canadian wilderness, where he lives by reptiles. He toured England twice in 1935 and 1937 to promote his books and give lectures on conservation and great success, even being introduced to the royal family. (At one point during this tour of Attenborough, then a teenager saw a gray owl at the London Palladium Theater). However, after he died in 1938, it appeared that he was not the person he claimed to be; His real name is Archibald Belaney and he was born in the English seaside town of Hastings. <br /> <br /> The film is separated from the facts of the gray owl's life. In the scene that occurred in 1934, he said he was 41 years old. In fact, he was born in 1888, so would be 46 that year (46 would be the age of Pierce Brosnan when the movie was created, so I'm not sure why. Many changes were made during the last four years of the Gray Owl Life (1934–1938). In this film, he found and married Gertrude Berna. Lahore, which he called Ana Haren; In fact, he met and married Gertrude as early as 1925. The film also ignores the fact that they divorced in 1936 and the gray owl remarried shortly before his death. < br /> <br /> Neglected his reputation after his death, and he was fired as a "scam". The deception he expected was also used to discredit him. However, Richard Attenboroug h take a more sympathetic view of his success One of the issues explored by movies is the question of ethnic identity. Although in the past Archibald Belaney was not an Indian Canadian born But there is no doubt that he has in-depth knowledge of Ojibway's culture and myths and he speaks fluently He was accepted by Ojibway as a member of their tribe. Therefore, it seems unfair to explain his claim to the identity of a Native American as a fraud just because he is the one he chose more than he was born. <br /> <br /> References From the movie Gertrude, the wife of Gray Owl, is herself by Indian descent. But from a family that merged with Canadian culture Her marriage was therefore regarded as a traditional cultural heritage of her family. Obviously she was influenced by her husband. But she had an influence on him, persuading him to stop working as a fur trapper because she had objected to morals in killing animals for their fur. <br /> <br /> One criticism What was created from this film is Pierce Brosnan as the "referee" as a commentary hero who seems to be rooted in the idea that Brosnan can only play action heroes in James Bond. For me, it seems that Brosnan may have done this purpose deliberately to avoid being a typist. Backwoodsman Gray Owl is quiet, far away from the tenderness, complicated debt instruments that anyone can do. Former Bond Sean Connor Rory seems to have chosen to take the role of contrasting intentionally when he appeared in movies such as "The Hill" or "The Molly Maguires" Brosnan. Will agree with those who find that Annie Galipeau is as weak as Gertrude. <br /> <br /> The often-criticized criticism that I disagree with is that this movie is "boring". Not an action movie like Bonds or a great biography like "Gandhi" and it may seem boring for those who expect to be one movie or another movie. However, it is possible to satisfy everyone who has an interest in the early days of the conservative movement or the philosophical impact of national and ethnic identity. The scene of the Canadian forest also took a beautiful picture as well. Richard Attenborough provided the service to help restore interest in the forgotten but interesting image.
