Enterprise, which is the most popular recent statement in film and television history, has opened a 90-minute show called 'Broken Bow'. First, we were swept into a great action scene by There are some Klingon chased by Suliban. (Which is the main enemy in the first season of the show). Then the film that is broadcast on television will lead us to a journey that is not as good as it should be by developing some of the best characters and action / A The visual effects that were seen in a short period of time. <br /> <br /> Credit opening is a contentious issue among the minority of corporate fans, some of whom believe that the song doesn't go in place. What they don't understand is the lyrics themselves. If someone actually listens to the song instead of the theme, they will begin to separate parts of the puzzle together. And finally, when the series continues, we learn more about the brave captain and his team. Does the song have real meaning? The overall theme of Diane Warren is beautifully arranged and sung by opera singer Russell Watson. <br /> <br /> What makes TV programs look and worthwhile? With watching again and again is the starship character (In my opinion) one of the most played programs since the next generation The selection of Scott Bakula as Captain Jonathan Archer was the best decision because his own genes played the role of Patrick Stewart as Jean-Luc Picard as the lead captain of the Baku performance. Goodbye adds subtlety to his role and brings a big smile to everyone's face with blood pumping in their veins. He is just a human. (Both intelligent actors and clever characters) excellent human beings and his charm, intelligence and sympathy are being viewed For other actors, my favorite thing is John Billingsley, who plays Dr. Phlox. It is also good to see people who are not human beings have roles and decisions for dogs with a captain named Porthos. Good feedback Throughout the character development, the show was excellent, it was fast, timely, and almost perfect. I say almost because the tragic character of Travis Mayweather, played by Briton Anthony Montgomery, is a bit weak at the end of the first season. He has something to say here and there. But still in the hands of the manufacturer to make him more important Jolene Blallock is a great person because T'Pol, a brutal boss But equally cute, Dominic Keating plays the role of Lieutenant Colonel Reed, having a very active and credible role as the arsenal officer Connor Trinneer. Funny for his character and eventually Linda Park is the Ensign Hoshi Sato, who often plays as a weak character. But it's interesting quickly All these characters constitute the Enterprise and everything will bring quality that Star Trek has not seen for a long time. Each person makes this list a pleasant one. Guaranteeing smiles and good feelings since the first time we saw them all on the Enterprise Enterprise Bridge NX-01 <br /> <br /> Self-ship NX-01 is quite skeptical of the design. The series was set 150 years from now and 100 years before Captain Kirk. Why is the ship shaped like a ship in the 24th century, which is Akira's starship? Continuity is a problem in the organization, but fortunately Rick [Berman] and Brannon [Braga] offer appropriate explanations for each and every person. Continuity is just a problem if you constantly check the list and are obsessed with the smallest details. If you see a show with an open mind, you won't have a problem. But there is a urge to know 'why' all the time. So what does Berman and Braga offer to Star Trek fan base with the ship's surrender problem? As they did, the NX-01 was like the first contact event when Zefram Cochrane saw Enterprise-E through the telescope and from speaking to the visiting team leader Commander Riker. It changed his mind. That's a good enough explanation for me. Please continue. Of course, it's not easy for fans to accept that kind of answer. Some people go as far as refusing to watch the program until they get a reasonable answer. Come on guys grow when George Lucas destroys the fairy tale. Star Wars With the launch of his profits, the new ending, fans can't do anything, just watch and absorb it all. And then they learned that it might not be that bad If you can't accept a quality show for something that is not something that should be in your mind, then go somewhere else. Or try to be a producer on the list and see what you can do. <br /> <br /> The scenes in the Enterprise reminds me of Defiant from Deep Space Nine. They tend to look cool and have strange characteristics of the structure. Modern for them and they cried out that they were soldiers Perhaps that is the reason why the USS Enterprise crew (well known as the flagship of the American Navy) likes them. They are a striking scene and represent the perfect performance. <br /> <br /> Rick Berman 'the superior of the kingdom' as John Logan, so put it right Should have and in the right place Whether technical, visual, sound, editing or grading Enterprise is a good example that shows how good television science fiction can be when in the hands of genius Gene Roddenberry. At the end, be proud of this series and as a Star Trek fan. What should you do?
