The tourist season has just ended on a remote island off the coast of Scotland. The winter is about to begin and the inhabitants of both humans and sheep sit quietly ahead. Michael Gaffikin (James Warwick), a former paratrooper in the British army Being a local dentist, he was not an islander by birth and his relationship with local artists and map writers Fiona Patterson (Celia Imrie) was often skeptical with small suspicions. less Not dangerous But just out of the tightly protected community instincts there for their relatives The tranquility of the islands was destroyed when Gaffikin went to play golf alone, found the headless remains of a brutally murdered woman. He reported his gruesome discovery to Insp Inskip (Maurice Roëves) at the police station of Inskip Island, sending the remaining remains to the local GP, Dr. Goudry, for closer examination. A quick search for a murderer proves fruitless as well as finding a lost local woman. On the night of dinner with Michael Gaffikin, Fiona realized that the dead woman could be Sheila Anderson, a woman from the mainland who lived on the island throughout the winter. A quick search at her Dove Cottage home reveals the lost remains of her body. Her house proved to be a murder scene. But why did the killer drag her body more than a mile into the forest? The suspicion fell on one of the strangers remaining on the island, Colonel Howard. (Jonathan Newt), who happened to be the last person who saw her still alive as they met on the last ferry. <br /> <br /> Goudry asked Gaffikin for dental expertise. Some karma in the body of the victims, it shows that she was torn from someone or something of mine that has good strength. One set of teeth marks on the body seems to point to the killer. Am Some sheep were human maiming and then found that Canadian ornithologist. When a thick fog occurred, the island was cut off from the mainland and possible help. The radio was not working, apparently blocked and the phone line was cut. The UFO report and the military sight of the camouflaged consists of discovering strange vehicles hidden behind rocks on the beach. Inskip is confused and refuses to listen. But the facts and laughs of Gaffikin's idea that aliens may be involved But the increase in radioactivity on the island caused him to doubt himself. <br /> <br /> The human nightmare is Adapted from the novel Child of Vodyanoi of David Wiltshire, which was adapted from Robert Holmes, the 7 playwright of Blake and directed by Douglas Camfield, who directed the film Sci / Fi and benefited from this film. Experts on the board, although Nightmare Man is in a better piece of work that is built with the development of a strong character, even as a little character. It's time to make them basic. Stable Setting the island may be a type of ancient thought that has been used over and over again. But it is one that I enjoy very far away. The feeling of being under siege without a solution will often increase the atmosphere and here will be special. Carried by a misty, impenetrable, approaching to hinder all attempts In many types of this type of effort, it is very easy to perform in order to get stupid and for the plot to turn towards sexuality. But giving credit to Camfield. He holds it all along with emphasizing confidence all the time. Is accurate about the actions of the characters, even speaking Gaelic sometimes to get to this point If there is one negative thing about the murderer, that is, we will get his / her POV for murder, which is a self-sufficient ancient idea. But when seen through red filters and fish eye lenses, it just screams overkill and a little dating to this movie Even if you press hard to guess the outcome or identity or for the subject of the killer species that receives the clues presented. But it is a fun piece that works very well Scottish actors in the country are excellent, local hobbies, Roeves and Cosmo, especially good at each other and are happy to see Imrie. Nobody has ever done other work before. It's also quite good. And showing the woman's body as if she were in the production of Hammer. Foreigners, perhaps even a miserable ending, might make some viewers disappointed But also consider when it was created, it is an appendix that is understandable and acceptable, if you think about it
