First of all, let me say that I'm not from the south. But i am american I don't like country music. But I can stomach I'm not going to wear a cowboy hat, but wearing a hat. I'm not in a trailer. But I eat tuna salad and have my own house. What is related to this comment? Very much if you are one of the people who say that "country" people only love this movie. This film is based on "They love and get lost" without reason. James Bridges directs the true American love story as received in Jerry Springer's era and "let it come out". The idea for this movie is bigger than ever. <br /> <br /> Bud is "coming of age" and embarks on his own life with a little help from his aunt and uncle, so he moves to the big city with them. Bud finds himself drawn into the world. Curiously, the local one for escape, only one blue collar can afford. He quickly found a sissy that came from a similar background, and the two had a whirlwind love filled with pain. <br /> <br /> (* Plot this story It takes a lot of time before they sit for just a few minutes before they are hooked. Marriage is a focus here, which is often missed in the movies they were married. Changing from being single to marriage, this film shows the modern struggle that a woman received when she married a stylish old man. It also presented an ego perspective to men and women and Competition) <br /> <br /> Being challenged and excited when Mickey wears an electronic cow Sissy gets the idea of ​​having fun with it as well. But was quickly warned that she was married and had to start "Acting like it" The emotions between the two characters seem raw and expressive, and the story continues from there, especially when they (Note, this is a partial separation of the movie STORYLINE Away) and Sissy falls in love with the past with abuse and cruelty. Soon she realized that the grass was not green on the other side. <br /> <br /> The way everyone can compare Bud and Vinnie Barbirino shocked me. John Travolta gave a great performance that was accepted Valuable He believes and is true. The scene where he shaves the beard and you see him for the first time at the bar .. also makes me goose bumps Your heart, I'm not a big fan of Travolta. But let me see why Sissy kicked her boots very quickly in the movie. Debwinger is so real that you find yourself sympathetic to her as she notes the feelings of the buds after secretly coming to clean his house while they break up. The support is great. West, played by Scott Glenn, gave the first act that made you hate him and cursed him when he attacked Sissy, Madolin Smith-Osborne, as a buddy. / The girlfriend is very genuine until the big girl in the United States chanting to wake up flat, wearing the clothes she wears in this movie. My greatest glory is to go to Barry Corbin and Brooke Anderson. As Bud's aunt and uncle, they look like someone's uncle's aunt in Texas and their role is small. This movie is bigger and more realistic. Two memorable scenes are the Dolly Parton contest and the memorable scenes at Bud and his aunt standing outside after one character dies. The conversation between them is touching. <br /> <br /> If you can see this, it is a true American love story. If so, I suggest that you look at what it is ... movies before the time to make us obsessed with a world that is different from ours. But true enough for our entertainment and entertainment If this world sounds like yours, you will enjoy it more. Finally, the old song, however, is sure to send you back in time if you are over 30 years old.
