There is no damage that must be made in history rather than distortion. This method uses the easiest and most shallow path, just drawing him as a monster. Just showing his negative side and exaggerating "People who do not know in the past will punish us to repeat." He is a human. That may prove that some people accept difficult. But the important part of life is facing what we don't want. We should try to understand him more than to destroy humans. Otherwise, we will have a small chance to prevent anyone similar in the future or may be present from succeeding in the extent of comparison from far as damage and misery. Hate him and what he does. Do not make him become a legend or something else. Too straightforward of this mini series can play "stupid, stupid * duuum *!" After or during the scene. The whole thing nods, nudges and winks at the audience, with its clear message. "Be evil or anything", blend every single bad trait. Appearing more or less and making them secure throughout his life, not what he believed or claimed This should not be used to educate. Use Der Untergang (failure in English) and may point out some inaccuracies of that thing instead. This is a disrespect to actual events and all survivors, not to mention those who died. Theater quality? On the spot, it is very well done through the great value of producing a stable arc with the plot that has been told. What happens is strength and credibility. The dialogue and the script are great. With all the performances, expertise ... as written ... perfect) good music, movies and editing are flawless and creative, and this is something amazing, fun and sensational. Of course They received many dates and events and made them fair. If I was offered to do this job and did not feel that I had a purpose for Hitler to appear as a person full of flesh, I would reject it as a reason. I don't blame anyone who hates him. You will forgive what he does and we are sure we should? That's not what I recommend. Finally, let me point out that while I wrote this, we were in a global economic crisis that lasted about two years and that didn't differ greatly with the collapse of the stock market in 1929 for two reasons. Leading to the decline of the new millennium as follows: The government gave money to the bank to keep the market going, and most countries were friendly. In addition, the lessons have not been learned. Hope it will be there now. Go back to this ... My advice? Read nonfiction books related to the subject There are many wise people who provide information. DVD carrying trailer I recommend this to those who know better and encourage anyone who looks hot to find the truth. 8/10
