In the movie Christian Duguay, Hitler: The Rise of Evil, the early years of Hitler's life and politics showed success with little historical error and exaggeration. It is quite natural for Hollywood movies that have things such as the main purpose of production is the income that they will get from movies. Although such errors may cause audience members to believe that everything should be done by books. But I believe that most of them fit the rest of the movie making it more interesting. We should not forget that this movie is not a documentary. Who would be interested in how his dog died? <br /> <br /> Throughout the movie, Hitler showed that he was an insecure person who was very angry and passionate about his ideals. But he didn't show himself as a villain But is like an ambitious politician I believe this is a good view because movies are not contaminated with many negative emotions and this makes the movie quite objective. Yes, he's crazy and his methods are rough. But he is still a human being, not a madman, as shown in "Inglorious Bastards". I believe it makes the movie more realistic, even if there are inaccuracies in historical facts. The history clearly reflects the audience. Although the focus of the movie is Hitler. But we had the opportunity to see what was happening in the country as a result of these actions through newspapers, people's talks and songs in Jewish cabaret. The social reaction is also reflected in the film, but there are many restrictions. The struggle of the journalist Fritz Gerlich and the ironic plays played in the cabaret are fun and interesting. But that's all Most of us saw his followers rampant on the road and encouraged him. <br /> <br /> Another thing missing in the movie is information about the origins of his hatred towards Jews. In the beginning of the movie, some ideas about this story were received. But they are quite shallow Suddenly he was a politician who gave a speech about the need to eliminate Jews. <br /> In summary, Hitler: The rise of evil cannot be seen as a great movie. Everyone will like Not satisfactory If you can stand the director who changed history into cash, it is an interesting film that reflects Hitler's personality in a successful way.
