I agree with many negative comments posted here for reasons that I will go later. But this drama is powerful and reliable because talented actors can capture the dark truth of Hitler's world. <br /> <br /> Peter Storma is perfect like Ernst Roh, the leader of a brutal brown shirt Each scene he has with Hitler explodes! Hitler was evil, so he ruled everyone except Rohm, the original, brutal, and he dug Ruh clearly for that reason. The interaction between Storma and Carlisle is the light of how Hitler liked Rohm's cruelty, but later sacrificed him for political reasons. Jena Malone changed from a formidable performance in As Geli Raubal, warped without revealing any sexual impurities directly, Jena Malone shows horror about the slow extinction of the girl's spirit. She uses her eyes and voice to introduce all the horror that will have millions of visitors in the next few years. And she is great! Zoe Telford almost matched Jena Malone with the image of Eva Braun. Eva is clearly ill, cruel and heartless - but at the same time depends on Adolf's gentle tenderness. The courtship scene was canceled between them. (Hints about Hitler's disgusting truth) is both cold and emotional And power While wild animals like Rohm liked the idea of ​​smashing skulls under his boots, Schrieber's characters were one of many Germans who hated Nazi violence. But can not resist the path of money and power that is quick and easy His weak wagging against Hitler soon caused him to lose respect for his wife, playing with style and temptation from the stunning and elegant Julianna Margulies. They give a true picture of marriage and betrayal. <br /> <br /> These performances have a mini-series that easily overcome weaknesses in the script. There is one exception: Unfortunately, Matthew Matthew's performance was not correct. His great journalist died all the scenes he had - the audience barely waited for Rohm's brown shirt to stomp like a righteous redneck, looking at the face of a young man who made money like Hollywood. But the story still works. <br /> <br /> Now, about the wrong truth of the script - the perversity and cruelty of Hitler was presented in a lively and interesting drama. But the battlefield record of Corporal Hitler is very distorted. As if the audience could not handle the evil thoughts and courage in the same person, the writer made Hitler look like a coward who "pleaded" to Iron Cross as if everyone in Kaiser's army could receive it. Coins just moan it! The movie makes it look as if Hitler is a coward in the trenches when he is a brave soldier. They also advised his companions to insult him when in reality he was widely appreciated by officers and enlisted men as well. What is depressing is that the mini-series has been very successful in representing Hitler as a monster with honest methods - but they can't resist the cheap shock. <Br /> <br /> All of the RISE OF EVIL is a rising success with powerful performances.
