The next episode that aired the final episode of the original Star Trek series is an interesting and sometimes sad story that proves that the program continues to explore its own character, even at this point in the third season; Although the flaw 'Every day of ours' has an attractive time and overall feeling. Kirk Spock and the genuine beam down on the planet, assuming that they are coming in time to help, or at least give a warning to any people because the planet's sun will explode within hours. But when it came out, people realized the fate of the world and the use of time travel equipment escaped into the past. Each person can choose the time and place in the past in which he or she wants to live in the 'library' which is run by an old man named Mr. Atoz Atoz. Assuming that three men are looking for the past to live and show They see the different moments that they can choose to watch. There is quite confusion at the beginning of the episode. There are lines such as: <br /> <br /> McCoy - Where did they go? Atoz-everywhere they want. <br /> <br /> Misunderstandings may be right. Easily obliterated But for the purpose it was not, and soon Kirk found himself transported back to a time that was similar to the 18th century of England. Spock and the genuine were sent to the ice age 5,000 years in The past of the world From here, the main focus is Spock and his relationship with this exiled woman by the punitive tyrant. Spock begins to show more emotion, expressing anger towards genuine and deep affection for Sarabeth. Eventually he realized that he had returned to the original emotional state of his ancestors at Vulcan 5000 years ago. Kirk returned to the library first and eventually made Atos to comfort them. In the history of the world Spock and the genuine come back before it's too late. The starship, the three beams go up and fast away when the sun explodes and destroys the planet. The interaction between Spock and Sarabeth made the most memorable moment of the moment, even though Kirk's past 'English' adventure was fun. In conclusion, Star Trek was able to travel. excellent
