The final episode of the third season of Star Trek is excellent and is the highlight of the past season. Essentially, Spock's genuine and Kirk beam descends into Sarpeidon to search for the population of the world that has completely disappeared, except for the presence of a large library, and Mr. Atoz, the 3 librarians. Entering the machine, travel time to different times in the past of Sarpeidon. Spock gives a convincing performance in the Vulcan era ice age that falls in love with Sarabeth while Kirkstad The experience was not happy with his time travel - see 'City on the Edge of Forever' - when he was accused of witchcraft. Find the door back in time to Sarpeidon's gifts. In the end, all the Trek characters will be recorded just a few minutes before the beta of Neobae around Sarpeidon becomes an Enterprise variant supernova while the star explodes. <Br /> <br /> Ironically, as William Shatner wrote in his book "Star Trek Memories", this list is the source of some conflicts since Leonard Nimoy noticed that there was no reason in Lisette's script. Spock behaved emotionally. Nimoy conveyed his anxiety here directly to the producer Fred Freiberger, whose Vulcans should not fall in love (p.272). However, Freiberger reasoned the setting of the ice age, causing Spock C was exposed to emotions because this was the time when Vulcans had not yet developed into a perfect current state. This is a good example of the adaptation of Freiberger to save the script, which is above average for now. While Shatner noted that the script quality that was reduced in the third season caused Spock to be hurt because his character was forced to sing like a donkey in "Plato's Stepchildren" playing music with hippies in "The way to Eden" or sometimes expressing script emotions Here is more reliable Spock's performances here are great when Freiberger accepts directly with Shatner (p.272). The only clear planning hole is the fact that because both Spock and McCoy travel back thousands of years back. McCoy should return to the traditional human status rather than just Spock, but this is a forgotten error considering the low quality of Season 3. Other programs, excellent Spock / McCoy performance At the initiative of the script. Who would have imagined that the inhabitants of Sarpeidon will now flee from the fate of the planet by traveling into their past? This is what we expect from the best of 'Classic Trek' - a truly inspiring story. <br /> <br /> Shatner in 'Memories' is called "High quality and unusual items. "The best of Season 3 as The Enterprise Incident, Day of the Dove, is available in Truth no Beauty, The Tholian Web and children will be leaders and Paradise groups (p.273). My personal is 'and the children will lead' is a very poor episode while 'There is no truth that beauty' is a problem. "Every day, our night" is the list of the three seasons of the Trek TOS movie. I give 9 out of 10 for 'Every day of us'.
