Unusual time travel: Instead of traveling to the past of the world, the three main people are trapped in the past history of other planets. They jumped into this planet, where the sun was set to go to Nova in 3 or 4 hours (that is, cutting it near!) In some future libraries. They met Mr. Atoz (A to Z, get it? Haha) and his copy It turns out that instead of fleeing from the destruction of the planet through space travel, as usual, people fled into the past era of the world. Mr. Atoz used the time machine to send people after They make a selection (Check the disc we saw here, remote prediction of CDs and DVDs again!) When Mr. Atoz prepared the machine (Atavachron-what-sis), Gallant heard the screams of a woman and ran into the world version of the world in the 17th century, where he entered the sword-fighting and was captured in witches. With strange performances But the good performance here by the actress with a bad reputation at this time by wording at the time ("... you are a good bully .. Witch! The witches will burn you ..! ") Spock & McCoy follows Kirk but ends in the ice age 5,000 years ago. <br /> <br /> Kirk manages to return to the library first. The truth here is that Spock's reversal of the vandalism of his ancestors, Vulcans, was like the war 5,000 years ago. It is not really reasonable, except that perhaps this time the machine may be responsible for the change. Can be 'prepared' by Atoz - Oh, it seems that I will be affected by the spock change almost immediately - he says, stay away from 'million light years' instead of hundreds or The correct date - is a gross mistake for a logical Vulcan. In any case, Spock will really show his offensive side here - forget the "Day of the Dove" and remember that " This side of heaven "- indeed, quickly found that his friend Vulcan would not stand for his normal victims. Revamped Spock also received it with Sarah, a lovely woman who was exiled to such a cold past when punished (two volumes in Trek wrote about Spock's son. All of these scenes are eye-catching, reminding Spock's memories that are hidden or stored there. It is just a few amusing stories earlier. The pain of love - and now all this happens. While Kirk's church quarreled with Atoz, an elder who insisted that Kirk headed back to the past. ("You obviously are a suicide man" - a wonderful thing from the Wolfe actor. Everything works in the end. But as I said earlier, they cut it out closely. A slightly more adventurous Trek adventure with a clear slope of the universe.
