Steven Spielberg has produced, written, written with ideas and even episodes of remarkable stories, so this nature must be the greatest poetry that has ever happened? Unfortunately, wrong Some episodes are amazing. But often it is a mixed bag In fact, it may be because the destruction is too mixed. Some episodes are light comedies, some are dramas and some are scary and some are lively, which makes it similar. But not in the 80s of the Twilight Zone (which is nearby) <br /> <br /> Usually I want to have a mixture of stories in poetry. But they didn't work here fully Some of the more dramatic episodes now feel like they can perform better in the late night on a lifelong network, such as "Ghost Train" directed by Spielberg. At that time it gave us the message of hope and gave us a fantasy story. But overall, it's just creating until the end that doesn't make me lost. Horror episodes tend to work better than dramas. But there are more remarkable stories and they are getting tired of watching This poem has a large star similar to the original Twilight Zone, Kiefer Sutherland, Milton Berle, Dom Deluise, Harvey Keitel, Beau Bridges, Charlie Sheen, Forrest Whitaker, Tim Robbins, John Lithgow, Rhea Perlman, Danny Devito, Patrick Swayze, Christopher Lloyd, June Lockhart, Kathy Baker Yankovich and many others are well known in the episode. It's fun to see well-known actors in almost every episode of the series. The great director also participated in the episodes, including Spielberg himself, Clint Eastwood, Ray Reynolds, Bob Clark, Joe Dong, Tomik Garris. Paul Bartel, Joe Dante, Robert Zemeckis I would like to recommend this to the director's fans and / or 80s more than anyone else. <br /> <br /> The stories are amazing, sometimes amazing, often good, moderate, sometimes and every once in a while. Those with a real foul smell come out. But this program has a nostalgic value for me and it's so fun to sit in a boring afternoon and watch the episodes. John Williams' song for the show is definitely going to be stuck in the head of anyone who looks at it. <br /> <br /> My rating: Good performance 30 minutes per episode. TVPG
