To be honest, I was expecting to hate this thing and check it only because Jenna Jameson was there ... but I must say that I was kicked out of the evil species. College students and their teachers travel to Ireland to study. Their accommodation is located near the forest where there are rumors that strange things happen and tourists often disappear without a trace. The teen group posted a warning from the caregiver of the property not to go into the woods - but as a stupid movie character B at them - of course they don't care and pay for one-on-one mistakes .. . First of all, there are many offenses against evil. The dialogue and dialogue are quite weak and my main focus is movies with Jenna Jameson, Chasey Lain, Ginger Lynn and Taylor Hayes. There should be more nudity than what had been shown here - and Jenna's role in this matter without Reduced over-hyped because she had a total screen time of about 2 minutes, even with Chasey and Ginger Lynn not showing the skin and had the worst Irish accent. The final scene of this film has no meaning and feels like being thrown into the ending of the movie. Those grips - there are some good things too. Richard Greico and Chasey Lain are all sent. Early with Greico's bare body that spit saliva and the courage of the Chase hanging from being torn in half. (Although she appeared like this on the screen ... not bad for the first 5 minutes, the killing scene was quite creative, including the removal of Jenna's implant who forced his intestines to be pulled out of his ass. Knife through his face The transplantation scene and the large intestine also have a uncut version which is in special features and is a shame that manufacturers make them chop them to speak. In addition, the movie moves with a good clip when it gets moving, so you don't have too much time to get bored. The FX "creature" is well made, which can help. Overall, evil is not as bad as I expected. This movie, along with Satan's small helpers, renewed my interest in the movie straight to the cheap video in America. I always steer clear of them overall. But these two are good enough to give me faith. Evil species are not masterpieces. But a proper way to blow 90 minutes - may not hurt to suck a cheap bourbon bottle while you are at - I know I am and I'm sure it doesn't hurt the experience. 7.5 / 10
