Hong Kong director crossing to Hollywood to create a movie is not a new issue with the temporary migration of those who like Tsui Hark, John Woo, Ringo Lam in the 90s. From their collective work, there are only a few movies. subject (Or I may say only one thing) affecting the box office The collaboration of Andrew Lau and Alan Mak is a recent tour of Hong Kong film history, especially with their famous Infernal Affairs ending in Martin Scorsese's The Departed, so it's not surprising. When Hollywood knocked on the door /> <br /> But without a colleague who often had the duty to write the story / story of the poet with writer Hans Bauer and Craig Mitchell how was It's like the X-Files without X in the way that the story was created. Characters and genres drawn with the series of Chris Carter, Richard Gere and Claire Danes pair ala David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson. Federal investigations of the United States with weapons But is a staff of Protective Services. The chief role is to ensure that the sexual predator belongs to himself. The jurisdiction will be safe from society when they are released from service time. So they are the shepherds who only care for their flocks that their flocks suffer from the use of bad sexual violence. <br /> <br /> The similarities of the characteristics That habit is very clear outside. Just like Fox Mulder Gere's Erroll Babbage is a lonely and lonely person who is possessed by his passion for seeking to harass his flock. Painful from the failed attempt to help the lost child, just as Mulder Pine gave the sister who had disappeared, Babbage was disgusted by his colleagues and ordered to march to disguise himself as a retirement plan. He was deeply disgusted with the people he watched for from the criminal and what they stood for so that he had no confidence in using heresy heresies that did not fly out of hand while Diadia Together, they do illegal punishment At the same time, he also had the motivation that he had to fight in order not to cross the line to be the person he was disgusted with. As part of the routine, he also scanned newspapers and newspapers for clues and led to his goal: seeking to shut down redemption for himself and having a strong belief that the truth remained there and He wants to believe.> <br /> Allison Lowry of Denmark, on the other hand, is the one that replaced Babbage, but at the same time, while learning the work of the rope in In the next 18 days, she had to spy on him and report his shenanigans, as beautiful as Dana Scully did with Fox Mulder, while those who did not believe in emptiness and hold on to the idea that those who were released To the society healed from their temptations, she gradually began to see what Babbage saw and understood that it took more time than just a desk. If you really want to help people, <br /> <br /> And this is the discovery of a world of distorted fetish and sexual practices that we open our eyes to everyone as if the heroine, 8 mm. Nicolas Cage brings the scent movie Into the spotlight It is an investigation drama that is suitable for the normal red herring and it is really good because it makes you wonder often if your guess is correct and soon you find yourself shot. Come from the hips Although I do not give credit to this story with a tight description But there are many other characters (be careful of Avril Lavigne's hijacking) and subplots in dark warehouses / stores, similar to David Mills and Seven Summers of William. Broke into John Doe's apartment and found many strange things inside here, even though it was natural. <br /> Obviously The Flock decided that Enrique Chediak's movie Good enough, even with strange patterns. With no style, use the tips in almost all books to try and create feelings for Se7en once again. Steeped in brown tinges over the punishment and gloom of black Take a moment to get acquainted with this and I use this effect as something that distracts from what happens in the story. Not a good movement with repetitive scenes related to repetitive events. <br /> <br /> But The Flock still gives the right entertainment. Although X-philes there may find it difficult. Will not imagine a favorite actor in The leading role has been many similarities in the characters. Gere and Danes came out with some chemistry while the thick fog (heh) and his protégé, and while it was not as wonderful as it should, Andrew Lau tried to pull some. Fun things out
