I like Richard Gere ... I've always been there, and it seems that his status as a Hollywood star and income creator has decreased. But it seems that I can see the reason why he is very active and very mature Very successful with this story, not financially because I saw him in a truly wonderful gem at the end of the year, including The Hoax, The Hunting Party (both have to watch the movie! See my review) and now The Flock, a big release considering the budget of 35 million +, is substantial. It seems that other IMDb reviews are very intense because I think that this movie deals with very serious social problems in a straight, violent and annoying way, and the gear just brought it home. It's a thrilling action drama that makes me stick to the TV with its story. I think part of the problem that people seem to have is that Hollywood is a very serious problem. But I don't think it will be insulting But trying to revolve around to let people realize that it exists In fact, it is the same way that the Hunting Party dealt with the war. Wai-keung Lau, the director of Hong Kong, performed reasonably well. But I think it is something that makes me see. <br /> <br /> Richard Gere, as you might have guessed from my previous comments, was great as a social worker. The type of Erroll Babbage that created the style and laws of Himself up to track his "herd" who registered a serious sex offender He has no absolute punch to follow. These people follow them and make sure they are no longer angry and if they do, he will be the person who will prove and stop them in the way that he can. Gere Harsh and weary from this work, and he became a violent and angry person looking at these loose creatures on the road. He is great Claire Dennes is still excellent as the new partner of Babbage and his replacement, which he has to practice for his work The character of Danes is a more general social worker and has Babbage's style and methods, but gradually realizes that what he is trying to accomplish and move forward The two of them are excellent and have excellent chemical properties along with many different characters. KaDee Strickland plays as a registered offender who seems to be torn from the headlines when she plays the role. Character reminiscent of Karla Homolka (Paul Bernardo's wife, now out) for you to follow the Canadian serial killer. Her character went a little above. But she was convinced and scary at one time Russell Sams has a small role as Strickland's new boyfriend, and he should have played a bigger role. Ray Wise, an excellent actor (see him in the Dead End, including an amazing turn Like Satan in the WB Reaper show) and he received a small but good role as head of the public safety department and the head of Babbage. <br /> <br /> The film is not perfect, despite the great performances of the film. this story It takes freedom by trying to make this movie more entertaining than education. But it is a different angle, unlike the 8 mm Nicholas Cage dud. The flock will take you to the weaknesses of sex trafficking, kidnapping, human trafficking and many more, and it's a remarkable thing. Sometimes it may not be directed or written as it should be. But I told you that Danes and Gere together made the film look completely exciting and exciting. It was disturbing, but things are not very complicated and there are many characters in Gere that are very complex in many ways. I'm still open to social shame and make you consider about caution in many ways when you see people involved. I suggest you abandon the bad comments and see for yourself because it's worth it to try! 8.5 / 10
