I searched for this movie because I was a new Frain fan and wanted to see more of his work. First of all, his Irish accent is very good. He has a pointed ear for the dialect. It seems like His performance was excellent as usual. I think this movie is very good. It shows the conflict in Northern Ireland as a mess. Both sides are guilty of injustice and those who enter into conflict often do not talk about their situation. <br /> <br /> It is also interesting to realize that not everyone. (Or women) who are supposed to fight for his country are actually doing that. For example, when Kenny (James Frain) asked Ginger (Ian Hart) why he did "it", Ginger couldn't answer the question. With virtue. Why? Because Ginger was not there because of the noble cause of protecting his country or the rights of Protestant friends ... Ginger was there for fun to kill He was full of bloodthirsty and it was a perfect job for a man like him. In this kind of struggle, there are men like Liam (John Lynch) who want to live everyday and enjoy the family ... Those who see all the battles are asked to fight more. There are men like Kenny who are born as leaders who are full of talents and they fill the flame. In addition, Kenny also truly believes in the "cause". He believes that what he does will make a difference in the future ... which is rather strange because his character looks too smart for everything. But like other wise men, he seems to be sucked into the gang's way of life without knowing that ... it's too late and Ginger has all the psychopaths that didn't fight for other reasons. But for the excitement of it, in the gang warfare, he became a valuable asset. However, now in this film Ginger has spent his time worthwhile and has become a very dangerous cannon. <br /> <br /> Everything comes to a boiling point and predicts that the ending will be sad. What makes this movie worthy is to show that both sides of the old conflict in this era Being an American, I can't begin to fully understand what the battle is all about. But I know that there must be a better way. <br /> <br /> All in all, it's a movie to watch, but there's a problem.
