"What is love? Our heart's desire for living together is what it is. Isn't it the sweetest flower? The flower of this love does not have a good and fine diamond fragrance or does not love the wind. Dirty? Do you live with someone tonight or not? Ask your love. Bring your lover by hand. Let the power within you. Hear me. Let the power tame the wild universe with a whisper. Conquer the heavens with a close, accurate caress. Don't shy. Take everything you have and do it in the bottom by Leon Phelps. "When Tim Meadows created his quintessential SNL playboy, Leon Phelps, I cringed to hear the shouting comments And his spirit shook from the distance with evil I use the click feature more than once. Dear readers. <br /> <br /> So when the movie version of "The Ladies Man" came out on cable, I muttered my own comments and clicked again. But there is a gray day and despair comes when "nothing", any channel, more than 100 channels ... sigh. Yes, I face every torture cable member ?? Watch or turn off my TV! There he is Leon Phelps smiling and ... makes me laugh! What happened? Have I ever surrendered Hollywood's silly sitcom humor? Am I desperate to avoid taking my holy throne? The truth of this story is that I like "The Ladies Man" more than I should. A story about rude playboy, sipping cognac while looking at all kinds of women that are contrary to the sentiments of women. <br /> <br /> Things start when SNL's televised broadcasts blossom in front of me for life. " Helping people "Solving sexual conflicts "I am the mother of Teresa of Boning," he told Julie. (Carn Parsons) that his friend Julie and his radio producer have been suffering for a long time "The Ladies Man" and he's not kidding Leaving a broken heart and an angry spirit, Leon went to bed and had breakfast in Chicago. The fact that he did so with his best wishes is his calling card for life. <br /> <br /> We declare ourselves "The expert in the way of love" tried to deal with himself with many problems. Husband and boyfriend Lance (Wilferrell), one of the vicious spouses, caused the club "Victims of the Smiling Ass, USA" to swear that Will catch our lovely don Juan "Yes, we have to take revenge." He lamented with his co-workers with a dance show stop. <br /> <br /> Plus, it was a pleasure to see Billy D Williams as the owner. tavern And the commentator of Leon's Odyssey to find "cute things" and a lot of cash (Where is he hiding) but will I choose this movie as an option on my Valentine's Day? Leon's simple life search changed him in a very profound way - I had to give a nod to "Our Lady", where he can find true happiness with a woman while still giving his foreign advice while this movie is a dream!
