Sometimes they are lucky and popular (Wayne's World, the first one, not the second one), but often they have clothes. (It comes in a bit of a heart.) This time, it is Tim Meadows as The Ladies Man. This movie is between hit and fool. It was very funny during the first 20 minutes, but after that it often happened with live games. It began to slow down before it finally ended. After a while, <br /> <br /> Tim Meadows was Leon Phelps. J Radio, which has performances every night, The Ladies Man. He answers any and all questions related to sex and relationships, often in the most vulgar way It seems that everything will come down to the bottom. After pressing the button of Leon station manager with producer Julie (Carn Parsons) was fired and wanted to find a new job Out of the blue random letters from one of his former ladies The letter gives him wealth and luxury throughout his life. The only problem is that the letter is not signed. So Leon had to follow every woman he was with to find the woman of his dreams. But sometimes, as Billy D Williams said in this film, the woman of your dreams is standing in front of you. There are also sub stories about many men whose wife / girlfriend slept with Leon and they want to know who they are. (By the tattoos he has in his body) and kill him, bring this group to surprise! Will Ferrell from SNL. First of all, I think the storyline is quite lame. Things that sing and dance are completely worthless. I always like Will Ferrell but here he never clicks for me. And the rest of them are just schlubs that are tagged and eventually everyone decides that their wife / girlfriend cheating on them in fact their fault So go back to the main story. The story is primarily related to Leon and sex. So what will happen is that if you don't like Leon's character, you won't like the movie. His courtesy, his conversation is what carried the movie. I'm not a big fan of Tim Meadows. I never thought he was a good actor, especially in live broadcasts. The only thing I like of him is the Ladies Man skits, but the best thing about these things is that they are often associated with a host of guests (remember Cameron Diaz?) And they are about 5 minutes short. Quite funny And here for about 20 minutes, it's really funny What I think is good about the characters in the movie is that he remains in the characters throughout. He never wavered from the need to just rest. Until the end of this change and the words ever presented to tie up In addition, keeping Leon as a Leon is quite good and doesn't make him become less rude than him. This movie has a lot of content if you can't guess. But as I said earlier, the beginning of the movie that I found was very funny. Some people actually laugh, all the loud moments revolve around his sex and roughness. The exact problem of this film and other SNL broadcasts, most of them are characters that should be shown in a matter of minutes. Extending the concept into 80 minutes is very difficult. Obviously, that difficulty is the reason they want to plot the plot because without it, this movie should be less than an hour. When it's good, it's good But when it's not good, it's boring. <br /> <br /> So overall, The Ladies Man isn't as bad as other SNL movies, but it's not good. Not as good as others It had some funny moments. The first 20 minutes were quite good. But the rest dragged away There is an unnecessary sub plot which is intended only to extend the length of the movie. The bottom line is that if you like Tim Meadows and his character Leon Phelps, you can watch movies. If he makes you annoyed, don't worry. If you don't want to see Tiffani Theissen in revealing clothes, <br /> <br />
