As shallow, I may look slower than watching. "Vandal" many times because the VHS cover (including images shown on this website) looks incredibly gay! Now I hope I can watch it earlier because this movie is not very gay ?? Just worthless, wonderful, camping and a lot of fun! It is almost unbelievable that Ruggero Deodato, the director of "Cannibal Holocaust" of everyone, is responsible for the comedy in the movie Sword & Sandal. This film was launched with a wonderful screen narrative. 'Once upon a time', which will introduce us to Ragneks. Their founders used to buy pure gold, both mountains, as the only powerful ruby ​​ruby ​​to help them travel to freedom and reach all countries. As an actor In other words, Ragneks is a bunch of circus circus! Their happiness came to an end as soon as Kadar was greedy, kidnapped Ragneks' beautiful turmeric queen, and constantly sought to find the ruby's place. In the meantime, and when wasting time amusing, two orphaned twins, Gore and Kutchek are trained to be muscular warriors and they are ready to fight each other unintentionally. However, instead, they escape and develop a plan to release their queen. In fact, the story is not as bad as I feared at first. But still having the most fun received from the screen chemistry of the brothers, cupcakes, brothers, improper conversations like crazy, and of course, is a fantasy fantasy monster like a dragon like cute Cute eyes, creatures, some werewolves and zombies that appear randomly emerge from the swamp. The soundtrack and the great makeup effects and our great Deodato director are still moving fast. Barbarian Brother's acting ability is much better than I expected, in addition to the fact that one of them creates a bad sound. The supporting actors were excellent as well. Eva La Rue never looked more beautiful, while the witty young woman Kara, Virginia Bryant had a charm like Richard Lynch said many times and Sheeba Alahani Lovely makes her first and only appearance on the film. (I don't like you!) Last but not least, "The Barbarians", a star that everyone likes in the creepy hills of Michael Berryman as the name Dirtmaster. Properly, I know that the images shown are better than promotional campaigns. For the musical drama version about the increase or decrease of Village Village, "The Barbarians" is a highlight of Italian exploitation.
