LE GRAND VOYAGE is a gentle miracle of the film, more profound results due to the writer's script / director Ismaël Ferroukhi, which helps to see the natural scenery of the story. The 'road trip' and the complex performances of Nicolas Cazalé and Mohamed Majed had to bear the emotional impact of the movie. The vision of Ferroukhi is greatly enhanced by Katell Djian's film (a delicate mixture of tourist scenery of far-reaching boundaries and shooting between characters) and musical scores by Fowzi Guerdjou that still maintains a beautiful theme. Throughout the movie Variety of local music from many countries. Explore movies. <br /> <br /> Reda (Nicolas Cazalé) lives with his Muslim family in southern France, a young student with a western girlfriend who doesn't seem to be performing. According to the religious guidelines of his legacy, his old father (Mohamed Mahd) decided that his time had arrived at Hudd to Mecca and could not drive the car. Requested Reda who was reluctant to abandon the need. His personal efforts to expel him to the highest religious obligations The two traveled on a fragile car to travel through France into Italy and through Bulgaria, Croatia, Slovenia and Turkey to Saudi Arabia. Throughout the journey, Reda asked his father to visit interesting places. But his father continued to focus on the purpose of the journey and Reda was frustrated to fight his father's needs. They met an old woman in the pilgrimage (Ghina Ognianova), which was attached to two men and eventually had to be abandoned by a Turkish man, Mustaha Mustapha (Jacky Nercessian), who promised to guide his father. / Two sons by making Reda drunk in bars and disappearing and guarding the border patrol and many custom agents that slow their progress for many reasons Dealing with the tension between father and son: Reda cannot understand the importance of this journey, so it is full of trials and accidents and the father cannot understand the feelings and religious needs of his father. Eventually they came to Mecca where they were surrounded by pilgrims from all over the world and the important feelings of the journey were filled with Reda. meaning It traveled a religious pilgrimage to revive the gap between youth and old age between son and father and between the resistance and acceptance of religious values. <br /> <br /> The visual impact of this film is extraordinary - All of this is because it feels like the camera has just 'happened' to capture the beauty of many stops along the way without needing to improve. With special effects, Nicolas Cazalé is a great actor. (Be sure to watch his latest movie and show the story of 'The Grocer's Son') and it's his ideal role that brings magic to this movie. Another good movie from The Film Movement. This is a gentle story. Highly recommended. <br /> <br /> Grady Harp
