If you want to be cynical and pretentious, you can point out that the launch of the RAF Lancaster bomber was seriously injured on 2 May 1945, which is quite unlikely because the German air defense is as lively. Adolph Hitler on that day, a movie that should be watched by an insulting audience and I think the characters killed in the last hour of the war will add Violence In fact, you will have to survive the Second World War to fully appreciate the wisdom, beauty and spirit of Powell's masterpiece and Pressburger. The heavenly scene is painful when watching today? Again, you have to watch movies of context when it is created. The RAF Bomber Command lost 58,000 men during the same amount of war that America lost in 'Nam'. But in a shorter period of time and less crowded forces, there was no God in the Fox and me. Wondering if you lose The relationship between conflicts that you perceive as low content is justifiable. When Richar Attenborough's young pilot watched with fear, as seen below him, many war heroes had to cry openly in this scene because they remembered a friend who had not survived the war. In addition, keep in mind that despite losing millions of people in 1939-45, it seems that only a few people from Germany passed through the Pearl Gate. Apparently the Nazis did not go to heaven. <br /> <br /> The plot of the young pilot, Peter Carter, argued with his life in front of a high court that wouldn't attract me much If it's not For subtitles, you will see a movie about life or death, a film with a political and high vision that destroys the end of the British Empire when it is replaced by America's ambitions. The audience recognizes American history and culture. One is the American ethnic mix. Even today, many Britons think that the United States is composed of White Anglo Saxon Protestants. In fact, only 51% of Americans are "White Europe". This movie has scenes with racial races, confessing that "I am an American" when Peter was judged by Abraham Farlan, the British who was the first revolutionary to be killed by the British forces in the American War of Independence for "special relations" between the United Kingdom and America. Special relationship? Powell and Pressburger know their history when talking about England and America. Obviously they know their future too. <br /> <br /> So don't forget to watch this movie with your thoughts in the past and some parts of your mind today. It is strange, beautiful, painful and intelligent. But most of the movies that were never worked, if it were created in the last 40 years, did you imagine that the story was set in 2003 and revolved around a British soldier killed in Iraq?
