After "A Dirty Shame", I never thought of watching John Waters again. The movie was terrible. I believe that all of his films would be like that. But when the DVD of this movie was reviewed in a popular magazine and they said that this is a great movie, I decided to try it. Only a few days later it appeared on television. I recorded it out of curiosity and now that I have seen it, I can tell you that "Pecker" is definitely better than "A Dirty Shame" <br /> <br /> In this movie, let's see. That 'no one', a boy from Baltimore, becomes an overnight feeling in the art world of New York He was an employee of a sandwich shop that photographed a strange family or something he saw on the street as a hobby. When he collected his first 'exhibition' in a store where he worked, the owner of the gallery noticed his image. Who loves images that are full of misery and strange His photos were sold at a huge price. But when he saw that his family, friends, and strangers responded to his success, he decided that he would no longer go to New York. They had to come to him if they wanted to see him more. But what they saw was more shocking than they had imagined ... <br /> <br /> It's not hard to see why I love this movie more than "A Dirty Shame "The first reason is that this movie has a real story. This film has something to say and is not intended to make people as shocked as possible. The fact that they create fun for the art world that thinks everything is normal, because they don't know what the truth is. But it's not far from the truth as well I think there are many people who feel about modern art like that. No one understands why they make trouble. But it seems that all of us like it The second reason I like this movie is because this thing has a much better performance. I'm not saying that everything you will see is great. But at least the characters have some meaning because of the performances of actors such as Edward Furlong, Christina Ricci, ... <br /> <br /> Overall, this thing Not a great movie But thanks to the criticism and good jokes that never go too far - this is a fun movie Of course, it's not the best comedy. But I like it more than "A Dirty Shame". I gave this movie 6.5 / 10.
