Previously, black and white, the subject of criminal rape that had never been made on the screen of America, had many topics that Hollywood and the production code were hidden until the 1960s rebellion. Use a small independent company like Ida Lupino's filmmaker to raise stories. The result is a good meaning. But quite a compromise, which is not surprising, since the director Lupino must work with the code that wants the movie to come out. <br /> <br /> Interesting, the main problem of Ann Walton (Mala Powers) after the attack. Not that others will see you But how do you see yourself? And it is a very heavy burden Can she connect with the man again? They will see you as "Destroyed items" (because this is 1950) or not? Little doubt that she ran away instead of facing these concerns at home and at work, although families and friends are generally encouraged. Overall, this first part is serious and neat. The chase was tricked into injecting some action into the plot. But then this is a movie - notice that the deceitful neighbor cannot respond to the horn horn near the chase. If the person receiving the screams of the warning signal from the power instead of the lack of neighbor's response will cause interesting complications, even though <br /> in the second half is quite given to the code. Production in a person who has a feeling of Rev. Ferguson (Tod Andrew). It is (to speak the phrase) that "gives her courage to confront life again" with some effort. That made He is - Ann or her dilemma that he is most interested in. Yet his tenderness and understanding appeared as a miracle and a little too Hollywood. Fortunately, the ending avoided Hollywood as usual, with particular emphasis on the hope of solving a happy problem for Ann rather than confident. <br /> <br /> Lupino gives a lot of credit for Dealing with topics in the first place From the overall results, I expect that she will handle the topic honestly as she is allowed. I also expect that the current audience will receive a mildly interesting treatment because of the great power of power that truly presents the human drama. However, this film works best at the moment, is a document of the time and what the cultural guard dog of that day thinks is appropriate for adult viewing.
