I love this movie. Director Michael Powell once said that this is his favorite movie, and it is also mine. Powell and Pressburger have created a simple story. But seems to be created - the power of love that resists However, the deception depends on the complexity of the hypothesis that Essentially, one person may argue that it is merely a description of the impact of war on young astronauts who have been inclined during World War II. Or what is it? This question never answered one of the questions. In fact, it never asks. This continuous talk is part of the attraction of movies. <br /> <br /> Innovative photography and movies also have interesting touches that show the interest of filmmakers. For example, Pressburger wants to make Richard Strauss's Oder Roosevelt's drama about the 18th-century Vienna priest. This is evident in the short time that the operator. 71 Wearing his underwear holding roses (Which appears in silver in heaven). The song still has a dream quality. <br /> <br /> All performances are first-rate - David Niven has the most charm of him and he has received excellent support from Roger Livesey. And Kim Hunter, rookie But in my opinion, the charm of this film comes from Marius Goring as a director. 71. He has the most interesting role by filling each scene with his scenes with his innocent cheerfulness making the film more vivid. It's a shame that some scenes of the 71 conductor were left on the cutting floor. It is also a pity that Goring's comedian's talent is not seen again in the film, except in the great video of the TV series The Scarlet Pimpernel from 1950. This is the most memorable chapter in his career. His actors He is the perfect foil for Niven's relaxed style and his virtual exaggeration differs greatly with the seriousness of the remaining characters. Ironically, in the mid-1940s, Niven also starred another messenger "Heaven", played by Cary Grant in Bishop's wife. Their performance style is so similar that I find the results boring, powerless and frustrating. As you know from Powell, Goring needs the role of Peter Carter very much, starting with the refusal. Conductor 71 At first it was good that he gave and gave us a nice picture. <br /> <br /> This film "Served" to make the tense relations between England and the United States run smoothly But it was a weapon to warn of the horror of war - many casualties, both soldiers and civilians need to "go" when faced with death. There was a lack of "enemies" in World War II that saw Clearly in heaven But the civilians that showed it had no origin. Powell and Pressburger were more clearly described in the picture. But it is not necessary This film may not have served as a diplomatic purpose as expected. But that initiative still inspires filmmakers and audiences on both sides of the Atlantic.
