Some unsuspecting movies have messages that reflect in the hours and days after watching. Such is the case of CAROL'S JOURNEY (EL VIAJE DE CAROL), a beautifully crafted 2002 film from Spain based on the novel 'A boca de noche' by ÁngelGarcía Roldán, which adapted the book into a screenplay. The war and the consequences are not new to movies. But when the war theme is played in the background, it is a delicate driving force in character development. (Especially children) faced with adult life influenced by adult games A more thorough examination of the coming of the age of movies. <br /> <br /> Carol (Clara Lago) is a 12 year old American Spanish boy from New York who returned with her mother. Seriously ill aurora (Maria Barranco) reached her home in Aurora in 1938, the highest of the Spanish Civil War, a house abandoned by her father, Don Amalio (Álvaro de Luna) since his wife died. Carol Robert (Ben Temple) is a fighter pilot who sided with the Republicans and France and rarely lives with his family. Aurora has a past: She left her lover Alfonso. (Alberto Jiménez) is married to Robert and Alfonso, married to Aurora's cold sister (Lucena Gil). Carol is an independent girl who is still lonely. But her grandfather did not Amalio until she met someone else, her age, but not her 'class': Tomiche (Juan José Ballesta) and his two friends in Carol, the first offensive Tomichi feels bound to something that feels like the first wake up of love. When Aurora died of illness, Carol had to be with Alfonso and Dolores and their daughter Blanca (Luna Gill), but turned to her grandfather for help. The difference between the class and the unconscious war that made her dear father from her side Through the many events that Carol and Tomiche learned about the difficulties of being an adult, encountering traumas in a short period of war, more than most of us encountered in life. Although the sad ending will be higher when Carol's journey is completed. <br /> <br /> The film was filmed in Galicia and Portugal. Improved by musical score by director Bingen Mendizábal. Imanol Uribe understands the separation of pathos from the shower and in choosing to pay attention to the stories of the children involved. He makes the words stronger. About the uselessness and cruelty of war The actors are outstanding: the stars are clear, the young Clara Lago and Juan José Ballasta. But they were supported by professional actors in adult roles This is an impressive work with a non-stop message and should find an audience that is bigger than it is today. Grady Harp
