Mystic Pizza won the Oscar that year? This film has never had a chance due to casting. But perhaps now people can see why I felt that when leaving the theater, only "Wargames" made me feel annoyed after leaving the theater with the feeling that I saw our future. History has shown that this is what actually happened. <br /> <br /> Casting is a pop culture of the 1980s: You got Arnold as Ben Richards, a refugee. In the framework of the opportunity to "run" for his freedom In the game show with the same name as the movie Richard Dawson as Damon Killian performing his role as if he were the host of the spiteful family with contestants using real guns; Jesse Ventura as "Captain Freedom" and Tanaka's wrestling professor are "Subzero". Both "stalkers" who kill "runners" even Mick Fleetwood (Mic) and Dweezil Zappa (Stevie) appear as "The dancer of the future" is none other than Laker Girls. This movie screams "80s." The storyline is a good excuse for action: Ben Richards is determined to prove his innocence. But agreed to be Running Man when he was told that his friend would be released They joined the "contestants" instead of Maria Conchita Alonso Amber Mendes as the standard that judges Salma Hayek correctly in 1990. <br /> <br /> Value Production in this film is quite bad. The line is difficult and (at that time) the plot seems a bit far. I remember thinking that when I was leaving the cinema we headed in the exact direction of the movie. But who can see how far we go there? If The Running Man appeared on TV Guide, most people would think it was just another reality show that pushed the envelope today. The government that has influenced the media is worse than before and the ignorant American people in the future surrendering all freedom for "National security" is scary. Ben Richards played superbly by Arnold as one of the few remaining government dictatorships that the rest of America was willing to watch. And a gift from the audience. <br /> <br /> This film passes to the top, even though it is a cliff. But back in the future III, it seems that the "valley" that seems to have sunk in 1987 was replaced by a song that was completed in 2006 and elsewhere. This film will continue to be in the future as one of the movies. More predictions of our time It is sad that Wargames School does not give this great screenplay to those who deserve the "serious" actors who act seriously while pretending that you want to throw may win an Academy Award. But did not make them look better than the movie "ordinary people" such as this movie <br /> <br /> will definitely see
