Arnold again in the 1980s shows that he is the king of action and one torpedo in a futuristic film about a violent game show that has no survivors. But while the tag line says that Arnold hasn't played! The film began in the year 2019, where the global economy collapsed with food and other important materials that were scarce and the dictatorial state took control of all aspects of life through TV and the police state. The most popular game show is The Running Man, where criminals are forced to survive from the live "stalkers" to kill them. <br /> <br /> The film was released with Ben Richards ( Arnold) who is the mission helicopter leader Food riots that are ongoing He received orders from their chiefs to shoot at them, refusing to let him knock out and be thrown into prison. At the same time, they killed people without help. The government blames Richard for the massacre causing him to receive the name "Butcher of Bakersfield" Eighteen months later, Richards, along with two other friends, William Laughlin (Koto) and Harold Weiss (McIntyre) break Cook in the quarantine zone in which they work. They travel to underground soil. Mike identified Richards as fast as "Butcher of Bakersfield" and refused to help him But his friends convince him otherwise They want him to join the resistance group. But he wants to be with his brother and find work He soon discovered that his brother had been taken to study and had a woman named Amber Mendes (Alonso) taking his apartment. Knowing who he is, she won't help him. But he persuaded her But was arrested at the airport by the police after she ratted him out. <br /> <br /> At the same time, the runners were having trouble finding a new one. The blood for the psychopaths that killed Damon Killian (Dawson) is the show host and one of the most powerful people in the country saw the image of Richards and was able to take him to the show after the arrest. Richards refused to play. Killian threatened to use his friend instead of him, so he signed the contract. You will love that part. But soon he found that they would join him as well and made sure that Killian knew he would return Runners began to walk through the zone and fight with memorable characters, Sub-Zero, Buzz Saw and many more. Richard eventually joined Amber, wondering if he was set up. But was caught and thrown into the game as well They helped find the underground and returned to Killian to bid farewell to him. <br /> <br /> The runners were one of Arnold's great films in the 1980s. Obviously, this film has a basis From the book of Stephen King with the same name Some people say that books are better. I'm sure it's not and I don't care anyway. I love this movie. As in all Arnold's films, the show is what you expect from Arnold's classic movie, and even Ventura has a couple. But no doubt that Richard Dawson is this type of movie. As a true game organizer, he easily deceived himself and was able to create a truly cold-blooded character. The whole movie is quite torn, the game list and the older brother are watching you. Keep an eye on their fun and old performances. "The boat hates" among others. The actors are great, besides Arnold Koto and Alonzo. Don't forget Professor Toru Tanaka, Jim Brown. Ventura and Sven-Ole! With the absurdity of the reality television that happens almost better now. But I'm confident that the liberalism of Hollywood will make it a movie about "Evil Bush". Most new DVDs have special features that are not good enough to meet the stalkers. The only one that redeemed some ways at the ACLU. Managed to have communism on the DVD and is a ridiculous junk that shouldn't be near Arnold's movies. Every thing is insulting! Overall, for Arnold's fans, especially us who grew up in the 80s with him, you shouldn't miss this thing. Was one of the first people I saw in the 80s and still remains excellent to this day The future world and humor are great things. Overall, 10 out of 10 stars are definitely one of his best.
