From Arnold's mid-80s movie, everyone who thinks the most relevant today is The Running Man. The cold and incredibly realistic story of the reality television is crazy. It may have been called back now. but not now Not when you think about it Currently, reality television programs are either scraping the bottom of the tank or hoping to raise the level. If the next person does not argue that it is the last person, it is a fool. How long before we saw the show, like The Running Man? How long before we have 'Lawyers appointed by the court' or the Department of Justice's entertainment department There are many words and ingenuity in this film that could be missed in 1987, which is difficult to see again when considering the status of the current TV program. <br /> <br /> The greatest message of all. Is 'You are lying'. There is no secret that the government and the media will work hard. And the masses believe in what the media tells them to believe It is a very scary situation and if there is no more accurate representation of truth, we may accept a brutal performance like Running Man in the near future. There is no secret that Reality TV is very unrealistic. It has been modified and refurbished before being broadcast and is just what the network wants you to see. Usually it is not far from the true truth. <br /> <br /> Although different from Stephen King's book (The ending is completely changed) but the script is consistent with the Arnie formula in general. Yes, he has many torpedoes and is very repetitive and he says 'I will come back' (which he never really said that will always continue when you think about it) in the most ironic situation. But he is still a zillion times better in the role, then Christopher Reeve or Dolph Lundgren seems to be (both of these were considered before Arnie believed it or not) <br /> <br /> The director has none other than Paul Michael Glaser. It may not be a work of art. But still strong enough to create excitement and the use of neon colors and the color of the powder makes each dress look cool. Andrew Davis (not the director I especially like) stuck in front of Glaser, even though Who will direct the movie still being destroyed with a heavy feeling in the 80s <br /> <br /> First of all, the score of Harold Faltermeyer he?) Dated incredibly and robbed the action scene. Of honesty The timeless and the fashion sense of the movie exceeds expectations in the future. In addition to the old-fashioned feeling, the only thing that makes me worse is the bad shot of the past. When reaching the climax, <br /> <br /> This new DVD is one million times better than the first model. Horrifying In a place that is 1.85: 1 high-definition anamorphic transfer, the new color, sparkling colors and truly appearing from the Dolby 5.1 EX soundtrack screen and the new DTS ES is also amazing. With consistent surround sound channels for excellent sound and strong and powerful bass One of the best experts I've ever seen. Two interesting documentaries, examples and the 'Meet the Stalkers' mechanism included in 2 discs that come in a non-slip box.
