I am new to the type of Krimi and the only person I have seen before seeing this is earlier and somewhat disappointed. 'The Dead Eyes of London' which did not inspire the remaining hope. Type in me However, if I saw this for the first time, the feeling would be different while The Girl Girl Murders was a strange attempt. It's very fun to watch and it's very hard to hate movies that show many strange and amazing ideas for the screenplay and try to pull it out in style. The movie begins in the lab where mad scientists have invented a new and highly toxic poison that kills the victim and makes them seem to die from a heart attack. This poison is used by the mysterious mastermind criminals who separate criminals from prison to carry out the murder using this poison. (Then let them return to prison) by the title. It's a nearby college that is full of women who give most of the victims. In addition, there are mysterious monks wearing red robes that travel around the neck broken by bullfighting. <br /> <br /> Of course with the plot like that. This is not a serious matter, and the director clearly knows that because of the flair of the tongue in the movie, which makes it a good omen with the plot. The fact that there are many different aspects in the plot, unfortunately, means that everything doesn't work smoothly. Although this is not a big problem because things are still going on throughout the movie and there is enough to make the audience interested. The atmosphere is great and the color scheme on the display looks good too. Of course, this movie was made from Edgar Wallace's novel and it is clear that humans have great imagination. The place used is great and while the killer's hideout is decorated with wild animals and exotic animals, it may not be related to the story. But it helps to make this movie more special You can't expect a suitable conclusion fully after the things that happened in this movie; But the reason for the murder is reasonable and a pleasant way for this movie. Overall, College Girl Murders is a great little puzzle tutor and is highly recommended!
