Prussic gas, an assassin wearing a red dress and a wielding hat using a white whip and the murder of a school girl in the hands of a paid prisoner joined by a mysterious mastermind that hides his face in an office with an aquarium. Turtles and fish The inspector at Scotland Yard Higgins (IJoachim Fuchsberger) and bishop Sir John (Siegfried Schürenberg) has a hand filled with this case Everything seems to be centered around the students of Uschi Glas, which, when she is 21 years old, will receive a lot of wealth. The girl who has the goal of joining the room with Ann But the reason for their murder is still SY's best mystery to find. Every female dormitory seems to be hiding something and some members of the group are victims of the murderer in a disguised red robe. Have the ability to squeeze the neck of the attacker with a whip Two prisoners were commissioned by a mysterious man to use the newly created poisonous gas created by a scientist killed at the beginning of the movie in the period that should be a financial exchange for his creation. It was a clever plan that Greaves (Günter Meisner) riders met with a prisoner (.. hidden in the tank) that was rescued by a corrupt prison guard. Blindfolded to the secret room of the mastermind, he ordered them how to kill and how. The revelation of this action is the most important thing for Higgins and Sir John because it will lead them to the truth that they search for murder and the reason they are happening. Under the suspicion of being the headmaster of the female dormitory, the author, her brother, is an incredibly amazing neurologist professor, a spy zoo and a registrar. Some people are red herring until they are eliminated. Throw the audience in a circle each time until the true mastermind is found. There are many twists at the end. <br /> <br /> From the Krimi movie that I saw, The MURDERS GILEGE GIRLS is the closest person to the giallo. With a colorful killer, the complex plot causes strange. Many suspicious minds and suspects College girl at dormitory I think you can see the influence of James Bond in this Krimi movie, along with the secrets of the villain with a crocodile hole. (Which is not used) The pistol / fake water when opened will shoot gas into The face of Greaves' Royles Royce smudge victims, which has a claw that makes the female genitals darken without revealing passengers in the back seat and holes. Peep to spy on the girls in the room and while swimming. Many people may think that Sir John has a responsibility due to erratic behavior and the way he often destroys Higgins' ability to receive truth. (Perhaps enjoy the examination of all British examiners .. I feel that he was used as a joke, especially with his efforts in analyzing suspects and victims. Of psychoanalysis often misunderstood what he said Higgins used the skills gained over the years as a detective instead of following clues / facts, often avoiding Sir John as much as possible. The direction that can be achieved by reliable Alfred Vohrer, which provides fast humming speed and a screenplay that is filled with interesting characters and scary content .. The fact that many adults around the dormitory have doubts One person holding a whip or calling behind the executions of the murdered girls. I would say that this may be one of the best examples (if not the best) of Krimi's type because it always makes you guess. The other one is the sleeve ... The revelation at the end of the excavation is quite eye-opening (.. and you still get the true exposure of the mastermind, actually pulling the cord all over it)
