It is a testament to Gosha's courage in making movies that he can make both Hitokiri and his remarkable masterpiece, Goyokin, in the same year in 1969, and is a testament to how he continues to make public crimes. (Compared to the media) who love Akira Kurosawa) that both Hitokiri and Goyokin received less than 500 votes between these two. Shintaro Katsu is Okada Izo, a mad dog killer who is loyal to the Tchacha tribe. And their leader, Takechi, played by another type of bouncing, Tatsuya Nakadi, a Tosha tribe, is part of a large alliance that supports the emperor against the Shogun governor. The historical backdrop is quite accurate - with the increasing political turmoil of Japan between imperialism and Tokugawa and the pressure from the West to end the social and political loneliness for 300 years, it helps a lot to know. One or two stories about Japanese history and what led to the Meiji Restoration and the abolition of the royal regime. Tokugawa But not necessary This film was created primarily for Japanese audiences, so there are some things that are allowed. But it flows smoothly for those who are not trained as well. <br /> <br /> As one of the most anticipated movies of Hideo Kosa in his golden years in the late 1960s). The use of external and internal symbols is hidden behind the image of beauty, style, but never decorated for Gosha - it is used in the service of the story. <br /> <br /> And talking about the story of Hitokiri is dominated by the main character Izo Okada Tortured as Protagonists of Chambara, Izo find yourself in a bind morally torn between giri (obligation) and ninjo (impulse, naturally) - though it will take a while for him to know giri what is his. In the first half of the movie Izo is trying to make the society progress itself. The noble aspirations of social positions and marriages with noble daughters - a great progress for people from the peasant's background in the strict social caste system of the 19th century in Japan. <br /> <br /> The turning point for Izo is when he realizes what self-development has cost, loss of identity and loss of identity. At that point, he received tremendous symbolic changes from the famous swordsman of the Tosha tribe to the innocent "unnamed" without having to go through the past or the future. Torazo the Vagrant, although not an anonymous technique and not a type in Yojimbo's mold, it is the loss of his past self and being driven out of ego, ambition and self-diligence that makes Iso able to see things as They are true. <br /> <br /> Hitokiri ends (which I won't reveal here) in the best way the story ends: both positive and negative, with the extreme twist that makes Izo laugh. The last time was the last satire speech in Face of death
