Another Pokémon movie was released in theaters and once again I heard the same name. "Pokémon is dead. Blah blah blah" The franchisee is not too wrong. Children are still playing trading card games. They still watch TV series. They are waiting for Game Boy Advance games and guys. He wants to see "Pokemon the 4th Movie". <br /> <br /> That said "Pokemon The Movie 4" suggests that we know the other two "Pokemon". (And the star of the show) Celebi sent himself and the boy named Sam 40 years into the future to the present, where Pokemon Ash trainer, his faithful Pikachu and his friends Brock and Misty are traveling through Johto Sam and A Ch became a quick friend when they discovered each other's love for Pokémon (Sam's vintage Pokeball with a screw at the top was a good time). They decided to protect Celebi from the villain of the story. The news agency Rocket Team Vicious, who aptly hell to catch Celebi for End of Ash and Sam can protect themselves from the Dark Ball Celebi's Vicious or not? Where does Suicune fit into the picture? Jessie, James and Meowth will be more important in this film than before? And who is really Sam? <br /> <br /> Like the first 3 movies, if you go to the movies, decide that you will hate automatically, whether it's because of Pokémon. (Or just because your child / granddaughter / nephew / younger younger brother / and others "drag" you down) then you will hate because you decide you want to hate it That may be because of garbage dumping. "Pokemon Movie 4" Just because it's a Pokémon movie, and especially that doesn't see it as common to stupid. Even those who are not fans can enjoy this movie without having to know every detail about the world of Pokemon. I'm not saying that you will become a Pokemon fan because of this movie. But you can enjoy it if you let yourself <br /> <br /> Unlike the first 3 Pokémon movies, "Pokemon the 4th movie" is being distributed by Miramax that I have heard is working to protect. Rights to the 5th Pokemon movie, which debuted last summer in Japan. Miramax claims to have an aggressive boffo marketing strategy for "Pokemon The 4th Movie", but all I saw was the release. Limited weak, excluding common Pikachu short at first, which I am really looking for. Forwarded to this time I hope Miramax will be suitable to put Pikachu in a short form called "Pikachu's Hide-and-Seek". "Going to launch the DVD / VHS at least if not fully launched in the future. I hope that the current release will be just a small part of the iceberg for this fun movie.
