The late 30s and early 40s were the golden age of adventure movies, what the budget increased during the economic recovery, the change of entertainment on the screen since the production code began to enforce and the optimism Worry free While most of these things are snipers about the exploits of barbarians and straightforward heart attacks like Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power, Gunga Din is very different in focus, scope and sound. br /> <br /> The secret part of Gunga Din is the division of work in the writing team. The original story is by Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur, two of the most famous and most famous writers in the Golden Age of Hollywood. However, the actual screenplay is the work of Joel Sayre and Fred Guiol, both of whom Guiol especially has a funny background What we get from these four things is a balanced and engaging plot. The most adventurous flicks this time are comedies, at least partly, usually with one or two players who provide relief assistance with cartoons. But they didn't use laughter in the way that Gunga Din did here. All the main characters have the ability to be objects or creators of jokes. We immediately saw the horrific intimidation of the bad guys when the scene broke down in a fight. The first main battle scene is a combination of action and gag in the style of Douglas Fairbanks' silent swashbucklers, Sr., which Flynn and Power cannot reproduce In the middle of Gunga Din, action must be stopped and there are many talk scenes for the purpose. However, the constant attack is a joke ?? Such as the stabbed routine makes this part "slow" friendly. <br /> <br /> Producer George Stevens is normal. When talking about this, he cuts his teeth at the studio. Roche and almost as a comedy director at this point, this is his first full action feature and he works very well. In particular, the use of animated views makes the battle scenes particularly happy. He also brings things that you rarely see in action movies in this era. Feelings of fear and true fear He created this with a mountain full of those and forebears that possessed many shots. The depiction of an abandoned village and a group of worshipers. The crying Thuggee "Kali!" Is truly haunted. The dimension of this fear plays with all the other emotions that work here, allowing us to worry about these cute characters and make the comedy show more stressful. <br /> <br /> True touch of The genius is in How to introduce this bar's hero to the audience We recognize the sight of the land because he has succeeded in many scenes before any character speaks to him or speaks to him in truth. For this reason, we are so impressed that Din is not a person. Important in the military But he quickly became an amazing character for us and was a very important sympathy when we saw that he risked his life. <br /> <br /> But the best efforts of writers and The director is worthless. Don't be afraid. For Gunga Din, there is number one! Victor McLaglan and Cary Grant are particularly suitable for content because their best roles are found somewhere in the spectrum between drama and comedy. In particular, granting funds is the best of his beliefs. But only occasionally penetrate into the trademarked pertussis and caper Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. has not reached the standard of heavyweight buddies. But he is not bad And of course, there was Sam Jaffe, which was cursed by his face to play these little balls that were eliminated forever. But who will play with this honor and humanity? I didn't intend to beat Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power's mischievous adventures. Of course, many of their images are classic images that I love the most, but Gunga Din does what even a card player. swashbucklers The best that is not able to do, not only to distribute with actors, men or women who challenge the characters only. But it has succeeded in incorporating action figures with comedy and pain in a few ways before or after And that is great
