I do not know that in my childhood, everything I could do in general would know about this movie. However, the method of making movies is not something that really draws my attention. What makes this movie the most favorite movie? One story The day I saw it was courage, courage and honor that had been used in her service. This movie was not as thoughtful and as it should be. However, I couldn't speak enough for Courageous by Sgt.Cutter in The Uniform Defense that he will sacrifice his life to save from the dangers of what they and the forces are threatened with. These criminals, <br /> <br /> are the exact Sgt. Cutter is the person you might suggest something about and then you see this clear belief not only But in each other, but in the Queen of England in the Queen Queen, I think his desire for money and good looks A brave brave soldier who is unaware of fear. I think Grant is excellent. In this role, a very talented performer earned him the attention of the uniform he wore. I never felt that Ballantine was a shoe. reality Confident in the assumption that you may not close because it is still just an image The images are actually created to see what things have been done and what or why there are many different opinions as this animation will distract you. Both Ballantine and MaChesney are equally equal to both men. Two from time The three people seem to be able to bring things out quite well and I believe it is useful and fun. When the Ballantine has a fate day or so it seems Just to have fate as you intervene, it is a convincing story, right? I don't know. I think it is very appropriate when the company fled from the clutches of death in Tantrapur and they were dragging the approaching tail. Regiments Post When Ballantine allowed the other two to know that he was leaving the service and married and entered the tea business, MaChesney said he could register for another 9 years. leg I like that feeling. <br /> <br /> I don't think there is any doubt that having a brave, reliable soldier represents your best interests right now. May not be able to do at all At the end, the benefits will be in a good position, just like what is. Important in this world that I have enjoyed this picture today as much as I might have enjoyed the picture. When I was ten years old, I had never known about the truth of this movie before. To history and find information about Kali There is a good learning process. However, when everyone speaks and does about the historical significance of the Goddess of Kali, this animation requires the quality that I refer to as intelligence. This is an honest attempt to convey faith. in What I tried, I think this is a great movie. George Stevens directs <br /> <br /> There are some programs that need to be careful. However, when the reporter Has been mentioned as something that Mr. Kipling can cause emotion because all the rest is a character, but this is Rudyard Kipling? George Stevens walked above to convey the time and time before these events happened. real It will not only pull you in, but you will have to understand why we love Gunga Din.There is in the time that the quartz is in front and they are approaching the most dangerous and possible defeat except If the military can warn Seriously wounded and Ballantine, as well as MaChesney, were controlled not to have a deep wound at his base because the bayonet stabbed deep into his body from the back, depending on the need to warn the imminent danger. . With the effort that deserves our most sincere desire, Din now climbs up and manages to climb the top of the tuggee temple. Gunga Dins horn of an approaching army help is huge. The scale of the battle took place and the enemy was empty. It was a remarkably filled and tense position when Gunga Din lay dead on a rocky piece of ammunition that showed his body at the moment. More remarkable moments Or what we learn about what sacrifice means when the forces are warned of danger. <br /> <br /> The end is far from being anti-climatic. It is said that Gunga Din is who and what he means. Now, with the honorable man in the uniform, which he is willing to sacrifice, Bantantine knows his heart and asks the Colonel to take care of his military documents and this makes MaChesney quite satisfied with the faithful colonel in the military draft document. His bag At a more reasonable time, Colonel spoke where everyone gathered together that we had made enough soldiers for a long day and commented more on the joy that the defensive effort MacChesney said he wanted. here The colonel is more than receiving a bloomin medal. This is a quiet issue, and then he comes to Din. Now here is a person who has no real status, so I will appoint him as a master and his name will be written on the roll. Our honor is dead. My poem Read as if it were written by Kipling himself, standing beside the grave, along with the Colonel and others. Gunga Din Bravo!
