I like to make this movie to be 10/10, but in my existing state I can go to tops 8/10 only. Post-code editing (read: destruction) of this movie is guaranteed. That will have 2 points. <br /> <br /> From my limited knowledge about film history, Baby Face is one of the two movies that finally destroyed the camel. Come back and bring the full anger and enforcement of the production code to play in 1934 (I don't know what other movies are). The result is that the movies in the original nation were not allowed. Published again after 1934, it was shuffled and edited into bits and did not know that the original version is present. The best thing that we can see today is the TCM model (Turner Classic Movies), but it is overtly modified in many scenes and has a "happy ending" that is really disappointing. > <br /> From all of the above, movies are still very pleasant and fun. Barbara Stanwick is astonishing and absolutely wonderful. She is beautiful and powerful. She owns both movies! She plays the role of a woman who has been used by men for the rest of her life, starting with her father, who ordered her to find Erie, a steel worker of PA, including local politicians. 'If you don't close me I will let you sleep with my daughter. When the father died of a violent explosion near the beginning of the smile, the smile on Stanwyck's face was precious. <br /> <br /> After the fire Stanwyck left Erie and her maid and headed to New York City She set her eyes on the skyscraper and began to walk to the highest point. Starting from a staff clerk in the HR department, she slept with him to get an initial position at the bank. From there she slept with a man after a man (Including the young John Wayne) used each new person to help her land run higher on the high floor of the skyscraper along with the more powerful male boss Stanwyck. Stop her up. on It was fun to see her and the maids in the clothes and apartments that they liked more, while Stanwyck worked at the stairs of the Stanwyck company. It was a terrifying evil woman who managed the fox in this movie! If you watch this movie, I recommend stopping when you see the character George Brent (Courtland Trenholm) dying in Stanwyck's arms. Skip the remaining 3 minutes or more! "Happy ending" slaps the end of the movie for the post-code audience. Insulting the intelligence of the audience and is too weak. Belief: The bank committee members are sitting around the table showing knowledge about Million Dollar Donation The bank and how to live happily, but poor in Erie, by former Vice President Trenholm, now working in a steel factory - cut into the same image as the steel factory that we saw at the beginning of the movie - "The End" PUH-LEEZE - How weak! The movie begins with George Brent, who succeeded in his suicide attempt. I think the ending fits the overall mood of the movie better than the end of the post-code. <br /> <br /> I hope there will be a flick of the original pre-code code during my stay. Lifetime (Updated: Found the original HAS and should be used with DVD and / or TCM in 2006!) Until then, I will enjoy the TCM version and close it before the post code ends.
