This is considered an important pre-code movie? From the director who later created the biography of The JOLSON STORY (1946) but is also a sci-fi director who is paranoid by the United States (1952)! ?? And presenting one of the best early roles of Barbara Stanwyck This ?? George Brent, Douglas Dumbrille, Edward van Sloan, Nat Pendleton and John Wayne (at one point associated with the nickname Stanwyck with the nickname received from popular songs that were heard all the time) in the original category and later Robert Barrat (as the father of Stanwyck, Donald Cook (as her most tragic winner), Alphonse Ethier (as a mentor to her elders on this issue later), Arthur Hohl (as a libel politician) and Henry Kolker, a law which Stanwyck Curious too) Curious to see the scene where Walter Brennan appeared, was removed at his own request when the film had problems with the sensor! <br /> <br /> Abandoned by the cracks, such as the difficult dialogue and the realistic Anton Grot series, with the unexpected overtones of the Nietzschean philosophy that was raised with our small town heroine by the intellectual Ethier (Stanwyck complains He was early that she was not a "ball of fire" which, of course, disagreed with her subsequent comedy by Howard Hawks and co-starring Gary Cooper from that name!) Under Ethier's patronage, she quickly blossoms. Become individual The unrelenting commitment to be nothing blocking her path to success. A symbol of her rise in proportion to the New York company. She eventually has a job reminiscent of the same laughing thing? Relating to the sexual desire of a state that has power in Sergei Eisenstein's October (1927)! In sociology, it is also interesting that Stanweek saw her extending her neck to her maid / close friend. <br /> <br /> Two-thirds of the first movie was great. At first I found that the latter was quite disappointing ?? Because I was expecting to see Stanwyck, so she was rewarded by falling in love with the character George Brent, who was introduced as he ignored her. But like everyone else, he is soon under her spell! In the second viewing, however, this aspect is somewhat less vibration? Apparently Stanwyck was affected by the double death that her selfish behavior had occurred and her tenure in Paris weakened her. (Although she tried to seize her rare property for as long as possible) /> <br /> Warner released the DVD as part of FORBIDDEN Hollywood VOLUME 1 their COLLECTION. Offer to solve two different issues remarkably ?? The pre-release version that has not been discovered recently and the tamer Theatrical Release print, one of the screenplays cut from that period, is a dialogue about Stanwyck's life as a homeless person at the age of 14 (although heard in the example. Attached!) While other scenes are shortened (such as censorship of content) developed between Stanwyck and Hohl after she resisted his progress. Seduction at the tram; The scene where Dumbrille was surprised by Stanwyck by Cook; Shooting followed by suicide (Only heard in the shorter version); Stanwyck is thinking about her conquest while playing the phonograph. (Again, only Brent appeared in the movie release version) etc. After the post, then used alternately for some scenes ?? And includes creating a picture of a city that has disappeared from a longer version; However, we have also been clearly blessed with the end. (Pre-release version, immediately concluded in a very effective open-end note) and equally unbelievable warning letters sent by Ethier to Stanwyck in New York, which generally have functions Substitute all references to Nietzsche!
