"Baby Face" is a melodrama drama starring Barbara Stanwick, who is George Brent, who is almost unrecognizable and Theresa Harris. It's about a woman who goes to town to do good ... or I should say it for a time. Stanwyck's father takes care of her for one reason or for the rest of her life. Her father died, an older father who knew what she had passed and really cared about her future. She advised her to go to the big city and take advantage of the opportunity That - not a simple person - and living on the high street. (Please note that I saw the censored version and not the uncut part - this part of the movie was rebuilt for censorship) She and Chico (Hare Rhys) went to New York, where Lily (nickname: Baby Face) decided that the road was very smooth. And will make her where she wants to go much faster In the film's most famous scene, the camera moved us up the corporate ladder by taking us from the floor to the ground while Lily was sleeping to the top. Finally, she connects the big man together and can quit her daily job. The problem came and she was involved in a big scandal. <br /> <br /> Stanwyck wore a lot of makeup, and for this film, it was mostly cool like cucumber while she persuaded another man without regret. Playing innocent victims In one scene, she sat staring at the king's ransom in a jewel while wearing a black dress that looked like it was adorned with diamonds on top. Then she asked Chico, another case that was filled with a lot of jewelry, including securities. In everyday work, <br /> <br /> Theresa Harris is an interesting talent - she can play or be charming and a talented singer and dancer as well. Here she sings or humming in the movie "St. Louis Woman". Throughout, she has worked in dozens of movies and is very good here as a friend of Stanwyck. Her best work in pre-civilization As a strange byproduct of the code, blacks tend to receive less than they do in movies after they are placed. <br /> <br /> Precode movies may have more sexual clarity, though. They are 70 years old and up. Look more modern. Although these films do not necessarily have a moral end, but Baby Face learns her lesson about what life is like. There are many endings of this movie that have the same message. The scene that I saw has additional scenes. But apparently there are two end scenes that do not pass the examination (there is no code, but there is always censorship). In any way, it is surprising that "Baby Face" is an important movie in Movie history - must see
