I will review the two stories overall, because I feel that it is a way to consider and see. When I talk about 'movies', I'm talking about part 1 & 2 together when looking at each other as I should be. <br /> <br /> Thank you Jon Anderson, Steven Soderbergh and Benicio Del Toro. <br /> <br /> This movie is a refreshing, brave and lively movie. And listen to the style of creating a new movie No drama, courtesy No swollen sound tracks Not Faux documentary style. Just clean the shock and try to stick to the facts. I read "Che Guevara: A Revolutionary Life" by Jon Anderson and recently made Fidel's automatic biography recently. This and this helps me to properly absorb this movie. But I must say that it is the complete and top-notch biography of Jon Anderson, which makes this film the right back bone in history. Anderson is a consultant in this film (or 2 stories). Makes this movie a real thing, it's clean There are no swollen songs or slow-motion photography to raise the drama and more importantly, No camera shake, fake documentary Just shoot a square image and the style of shooting is straight. The type of camera used makes you feel like being in the forest. Benisio del Toro should be fully honored for this. I never doubt that he is all the time ... not once. He did a great job and I will respect him forever. Some people complain that the movie only involves 2 of his life, not all. But I think this is one of the truly beautiful aspects of this movie: it doesn't try everything Don't try to 'Tell a story' That person's life has many aspects to try to say in 2, 4, 8, 16 or 32 hours. This is one of the delicate beauty of this film. It resists temptation and focuses. At the intention of letting us get a feel for CHE, developing military abilities and forces around him, it focuses on 3 pieces: the fight to throw Batista, your speeches "The preparation of the gorilla in Bolivia" Motorcycle Diaries "told his young side and I applauded S. Soderbergh for focusing on the other side. Instead, I talked continuously with Jon Anderson's book and the movie was still real One weak link for me is casting. (Not acting) by Matt Damon in a movie full of realistic performances in American life (Matt Damon) who plays Bolivia as a humble man - he did well but after receiving a lot of attention in casting Small and completely forgiving The fact that the actors left for you and Benicio Del Toro's most wonderful work makes this movie my top rank. <br /> <br /> The fact that this movie is almost the same as the video. About how the Code of Ethics of the Cold War would not allow The 'Cuban Revolution' became something that it might still be at work, making it a quiet story. If not in a secret group, the result of the propaganda that was done correctly with bias on this topic <br /> <br /> This is something that must watch the movie and "Che Guevara: Revolutionary Life" of Jon Anderson Must read if you want to begin to be affected earlier in the global thinking about the expansion of international political chess in the 40s, 50s and 60s, which creates unfair pressure on neighbors in South America. Our promotion
