May be the most wonderful thing about Che: The second part, as we begin to integrate with the first part of our mind, is that there is no explanation as to why Che chose to escape from Cuba secretly after revolutionize Congo has no explanation as to why he chose Bolivia as the backdrop of a coup, not a reference to the political decisions he made as a young man riding a motorcycle across South America, which Walter Salles created a remarkable familiarity. There is a special emphasis on the meeting of Che that volunteers who come to the guerrilla group But hardly any attempt to make them come out individually to create a relevant relationship He has no reason to reason. Che drives a doctrine that is not broken to leave the injured man behind. But without feeling that he was concerned directly with his people It is a concept. <br /> <br /> In Part 1 in Cuba, the rebels were greeted by the people of the village, receiving food and protection, being supported in what had been grown as a revolution. victory Here in Bolivia there is not much understanding. The villagers revealed him. They protect the government's forces, not their own. When he describes the well-being of the government's medical system, his audience will not be interested. You can't bring people to revolution if they don't want to follow. Soderbergh shows the US military advisors working with Bolivia. But not the fault of the United States due to the collapse of Che. It seems that Che will fight his fight wrongly and the place he wants it. <br /> <br /> In the war show, both Soderbergh can't. Created his fighting scenes in action style that resulted in only the men of Che attacking and being attacked They exchange fire with an attacker that is far away. In general, there will be a group cut in the thriller, the death of its victims do not stop This is not a war movie. It is about driving a reasonably unreasonable man to endure. There is no complicated movie shooting. Soderbergh looks at Che's unshakable dedication. There is periodic shock about the organs, but only a few people are more powerful, such as Che's POV shock during His last stroke There are fertile landscapes in which these men live for weeks at a time and the consequences of their life wasting. Guevara has a part of malaria. <br /> <br /> Benicio One del Toro The film's producer gave the show to the champion, not least because it was light. He didn't show that he was a modern man like a great hero. In Cuba, he won in Bolivia. He fell behind and sometimes difficult to distinguish beards and messy hair. Del Toro showed a unique attitude. You might think that this movie is too long. I think there is a real cause for its breadth. Guevara's business in Cuba and especially in Bolivia is not the order of episodes and sketches. But it is a business that is in the power that may be called crazy in the end. Che in the whole or in part is a commercial film that the director begins with understanding the inherent limitations in the film biography and working like Advancing within those methods
