Part II, also known as GUERILLA, is a great achievement. But it is not as fun as PART I because this is the starting point for us to see what might cause the collapse and death of Che Guevara. Together We were warned again and again that the characters brought Che Guevara to Argentina. Some men in Fidel's army chose not to receive orders from foreigners, and now J has chosen to leave the comfort of victory in order to continue the revolution in Bolivia. New troops and natives as well Because he is a foreigner only. <br /> <br /> If it's a technical matter, I think Part II will be more useful before everything will be shown after highlighting the map. Previous periods, just to refresh the memories of his character and what he intended to make the audience understand why his methods were successful in Cuba. But they do not work in Bolivia It is clear now that Che is not as charming as Fidel Castro in Bolivia. He manages a group of soldiers whose minds are not perfect. It has been said that the ingredients for revolution are love .. They don't give a damn about their country, so it's hard to sell. It's a painful and difficult pain for Che to let others buy in his vision. <br /> <br /> I like one scene that shows the worse condition of Che. The scene where his horse will No, no matter how bad Che is. Trying to control it and then his emotions make him better and for a moment he forgot that he was a doctor and he became this desperate soldier who stabbed his own horse. His army is like a horse that doesn't want to be taken. But at the same time, the movie relies on a small pendant from a familiar face that you remember only because of the short entertainment and most of you are left to the left and right with one of the obstacles. Of Part II, if so Standing clapping with the movie that made us see the first person during Che's last breath. The movie may not answer the question of why Che Guevara is so stubborn. Will have a bargain with him and why he wants South America to have a fate like Cuba, but the CHE movie is a worthwhile story to tell
