It really surprised me that I had the courage to watch the biological flicks or flicks. "Che: Episode 1 and 2" Why? Because if my parents were exiled, Cuba would find I had seen this movie about this nasty massacre murderer of the Cuban revolution. I would have to live forever. Wait, I'm an adult. They can't give me reasons. Not the director Steven Soderbergh and the rookie (sorry Steven, but I have to shoot Soder shot here). Divide the movie into two parts in Commander Ernesto "Che" Guevara. Revolutionary life. "Che: Episode 1 "presents a method of Che in the mid-1950s he joined Fidel Castro's guerrilla mission in the revolution to overthrow the regime of Cuban President Fulgencio Batista; Which we all know is a successful revolution for them But is a great disaster for Cuba. "Che: Episode 2" presents Che trying to revolutionize the T-shirt industry by throwing a terrifying T-shirt with his face to the T-shirt manufacturer. Ok, I'm talking a lot of shit with you! I mean, saying 'Che: Episode 2 "focuses on Che in the late 1960s trying to bring the revolution back. This time, poor Bolivia But with really different results, Che ended up being a dead meat enchelada. When he was arrested and killed by the Bolivian army in 1967, Soderbergh did not include the time of the two cases in Che's life when he was given. Ordered the disgusting La Cabana Fortress prison in Cuba, where he massacred a number of Cuban anti-communists That's what I thought Soderbergh executed the injustice in the theater without showing the audience that Guevara was really cruel. I decided to see "Che" in the hope that Soderbergh would not make him lose honor. Soderbergh didn't do it. As the latter and sadly decided to present Guevara as a revolutionary hero that he was not, he was a sick man who thanked God now, probably at the bottom of the demon tank. Must be an object again, the audience and must admit that the performance of Benicio Del Toro, while Che is a very commanding officer and deserves merit His meticulousness But the remaining characters of "Che" are mostly composed of medium-level performances of actors that represent guerrilla warfare. And as far as I admire Matt Damon, why did Sodebergh throw him into a revolution in the Spanish pendant show that portrayed Bolivian delegates? Soderbergh does not need to present this biography, most of which "Speaking too much and not doing enough" in 4 hours and 30 minutes. We have Che too much, even though it's a ridiculous T-shirt, so why give him too much. But I guess when you have Del Toro with the horn (As you do here, Steven) I think it is a saving grace because it is not performed. "Che: Episode 1 and 2" completely. *** Average.
