I watched the second guerrilla battle of Steven Soderbergh's Che Sevbergh biography without ever seeing the movie earlier and nothing more than a rough knowledge of Che's life. At the same time, I was quite afraid that This will be a heavy history lesson and an unsympathetic love letter for famous revolutionaries. This movie exceeds my expectations. <br /> <br /> The guerrilla works as well as the single. The story of Che's attempt to fail in bringing the revolution in Bolivia under military rule is an interesting tragedy. The initial motivation led by Che's identity to lead the guerrilla war is lost when bad luck follows bad luck. The odds stacked up with the revolution. Supporting the Bolivian army, hostile conditions in the rainforest, suspicious villagers and the failing health of Che are just some of the difficulties that caused local riots. <br /> <br /> Soderbergh's image is Most of the nonsense is not a hagiography. This style is still relentless with a gentle and effective soundtrack by Alberto Iglesias, which adds to the drama. The unrest in several scenes, Che is at the center of the film, no doubt. But there are not many faces and we are encouraged to see people fighting alongside him and sometimes fighting him as well. Soderbergh desires to show the virtues of Che. We see it in small episodes such as loyal acolyte. At the upbraids, two fellow guerrillas when they asked Che's leaders and highlighted the sacrifices he had left behind Cuba to fight for revolution again.> <br /> The whole direction is excellent. The second part feels tightly fixed, although there is a narrow focus and can communicate greatly through the image without using the narrator to spell things for the audience at the beginning of the movie. We see a short clip. Of the extravagant party in Cuba after the revolution gave us an idea immediately why Che had sacrificed his old life to fight again in another country. Later, the image of a guerrilla who walked through the endless rainforest was an impressive scene and helped create a sense of the greatness of the work before this small revolutionary group had <br / > <br /> If there is a problem with the film, this is the distance between the audience and Che, although it will help us to appreciate the context of the insurgency and the people around him. Familiarize yourself as an individual he has actually harder Benicio Del Toro believes fully in the lead roles ?? Very difficult to remember that you are watching an actor, not a man. However, watching the guerrilla in a standalone manner means that we have received a little valuable insight about what created the thoughts, words and actions of Che. It is the hope that this will be more important. In the first part of Soderbergh's biography (I still can't comment) and the strength of the second part makes me look forward to eagerly seeing the prequel.
