Last night I sat through Che, both parts, dating back with a short break in the bathroom, and I couldn't remember quickly 4 hours ago. I have to think in mind one week in advance because I have 'real things' about directors, producers and editors who are blown away more than the virtual epic in front of me and I feel that overall 2 about 2.5 hours is suitable for movies. The hour seemed to limit my patience and I was very skeptical about the whole organization. But I will tell in advance that this is a beautiful thing ?? May I speak with love ?? Make a movie and I'm really glad I saw it. Director Steven Soderbergh congratulates his clear vision. The fight scene, as if you were dodging a bullet yourself Cas Castro overthrew Fulgencio Batista through the Cuban Revolution in 1959, when I was a child in the 1960s. Che's image is everywhere on a bedroom wall poster, on a t-shirt, on a magazine cover. Che's image must be an image that has been viewed by me. One of the most image If the image is famous, Che is a very good person who is the best of romantic writing. He used to be an ugly person. Do I have to wonder if he will be popular in the public imagination? Of course, the dying child helps <br /> <br /> create a movie about Che before (especially the great Motorcycle Diaries 2004, which shows Gael Garcia Bernal, incredibly cute as the Che Boy, South America tour And saw the local poverty Founded his Marxist politics), but I don't think anyone would ever handle the whole story from beginning to end, and the two are ambitious projects. I hope it will be rewarded for Soderbergh, but I can imagine that commercial success may not be in his heart. <br /> <br /> The first movie (The Agentine) shows the meeting of Che Castro in Mexico. And track their travels Went to Cuba to start the revolution, then traveled to New York in 1964 to deal with the United Nations The intelligent black-and-white image looks like a contemporary movie, but not the second film (guerrilla) picked up again in 1966 when Che arrived in Bolivia to start a new revolutionary movement. The second film takes place almost entirely in the forest. As far as I saw it was mostly shot in Spain. But I still believe that it must be cruel and filming Benisio del Toro is a wonderful person like Che, which is the part that he was born to play. <br /> <br /> Personally, I feel that The Argentine (like the first episode) is much easier. To watch and 'entertain' in the movie strictly Feeling because it is rhythmic They are winning The revolution is successful. Che is in his composition, bringing a different band of peasants, workers and intellectuals in the revolution. The second part is more difficult because of inevitable defeat. In the same way that the latest Valkyrie - while being a good movie - is an exercise in witnessing a brave failure, so I feel the same in the second part of Che (Guerilla). We know from the beginning. That he died, we knew that he had failed It is frustrating because the way to tell the story is quite clear at the beginning, that the wave of the revolution in Bolivia is doomed. Che is regarded as a foreign invader and cannot connect with the indigenous people. In the way he did with Cuba He was still stubborn, which seemed frustrating because I felt he should know when to give up and move elsewhere. Perhaps more successful than a business. This film doesn't make him too romantic. He killed him, executed him, fought with asthma and followed the long-lost cause after he had to give up and move forward. He left his only wife to feed the orphaned father of five. <br /> <br /> But By combining excellent exercises in making classic movies. One note; While I watched the trained Bolivian soldiers of the United States, then moved in to choose one and his small group of warriors, one by one. I almost turned to my husband and said that. But hesitant, he thought he would find such ideas repeatedly and outside of the place When we left the theater, he turned to me and said "You don't think the end is like Butch Cassidy. ?????????????! "
