Many reviews that I read have found that most people tend to like the first episode better than the second. I feel the opposite One part played a little bit around, trying to find different ways to show the personality of Che Guevara through various types of movie stock, locations and cutting between interviews and the Cuban revolution. Most of the structure is exquisite. But rather disturbing in the second part, Che enters Bolivia and includes changing geographic location, rules and structural changes. Disappeared as a jump and switched between stocks "Fact, documentary" and articles, but now we are truly stuck with Che in a degraded and degraded landscape, where only one person lives too much for their lives for everything except life. Survived as an alternative I posed that it was the dark turning point of Che's life, which is the real reason why most people like Episode One to the Second. <br /> <br /> The geographical location changes are meaningful. One and Che: The second episode is actually two actions of the three action structures, started by the Motorcycle Diaries Motorcycle Diaries, which is the era of the upcoming Che (or more appropriate to reach the ideal) in R. Jane The statistics Che: Part One military leadership of Cuba and Che: Part Two of his depression in Bolivia. These movies did not fully explain his life. (We lacked his experience in Guatemala and, more importantly, in my opinion, was the execution after the Cuban revolution), but they created a detailed survey of the conflicting aspects of his character and nature. Global symbols They both symbolize the ideals and needs of opposing oppression and the failure of the revolution in the Third World after the Second World War and the hindrance by activities such as the CIA's intervention. <br /> < br /> But, again, what is shown on the screen in this case is not caused by long conversations and speeches. But through intimacy and the image of Che at the end of his thread and life The rules have changed again and in this case it is difficult to tell whether there is a chance of success or not. The number of times the camera shows people stuck between rocks and difficult places, and those who are shocked spend a long time shaky, involving the audience in telling the story of people confined to the terrain. Is an enemy of existential hell The layer of despair of hunting people who are starving to death It's not easy to watch movies. But very effective. <br /> <br /> --PolarisDiB
