After the story is left in the first part directly in the second half, which defines the inevitable destruction and the more sinister side of that man's legacy. In contrast to the first feature, the second part shows the transition from the pride and dignity of the revolutionary country to the liberation of the country in which he had no previous affiliation. Change of settings not only But beautiful From the autumn and spring, the gray color of the forest comes to change the sound and the heart is a feature instead of looking at the ancients' optimism with ridicule, scoffing and bruising that is consistent with all new battles. Continue to say that this kind of fight is the best telling that the fight is While the first part helped to document the beginning of the power that the revolutionary guerrillas had come through, the second part used more delicate and bleak parts in Che's life and ambitions and ambitions. In a tangible and easy-to-understand format. <br /> <br /> While the tone of the film in some areas is not lost and is very different from Part 1, but still has the same recording method. In the past month, to avoid the melodrama And the most invention This rather cold and distant way to tell Che's story and battle will no doubt be said by some viewers. Actually, I still reserve that I should name myself according to a man or No, if there is one thing, all of the Che that has been included, send the narrative beyond the personal history and record the battle of men. Those who helped lead him along the way, Soderbergh did not try to portray a sympathetic person here, similar to what Hirschbiegel did with Der Untergang half a decade ago. (Excusing ridiculous differences); Che is a slow movement, reserved and meditative way to tell a history lesson that has just happened, with a narrative by a man who runs the whole story. <br /> <br /> By moving from lush. The landscape of Cuba and retreating to the bleak, decadent backdrop of Bolivia, for the second episode, the story uses the contrasting colors that inevitably feel separated from their ancestors. But it is enough to give your own reference point Here, the basic structure of Part One resonates. There is a fight, beginning a fight, a fallen friend, and recruiting to replace them all while we see the eyes of the men behind the movement. But while everyone who has an ambiguous idea of ​​the true history behind this feature will know, the second part is set to end with insulting and cutting messages. This difference, when used in conjunction with similarity to Part 1, makes it interesting and memorable. Both methods can be digested by themselves (And glory reaches Soderbergh for achieving such goals) and enjoy it But is the only word that Che offers what is set to achieve But still occupy the heart of the middle actor to the building that is slow, the battle scenes with realistic structures, the drama that is embedded with the characters on the screen is Just as vague and invisible But with this feature, the second part once again proves that avoiding such elements does not have to hurt the movie when there is a plot and sufficient reflection in other elements for the audience to participate. In fact, when writing this review, I have a conflict about whether to add one or two paragraphs in my first review for the first part and name the overall review. But I feel that doing so will serve to Make those people who do not sit and watch both films in a row. <br /> <br /> With the above mentioned, I cannot judge correctly or whether Che adheres to the participation of the audience in The duration of four hours is positive or not runtime, but when watching both segments, I can confirm the ability of each part to do so. With a complex and complex movie script combined with endless photography and appropriate performances that will create justice for the characters in the movie without attracting their own attention. Che Part Two is interesting and Reward as a previous model Conclusion Confirmation is perfect for the history of the movie. <br /> <br /> - Reviewed by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
