The second episode picked up ... not the last movie left. As part of the virtual meeting of Steven Soderbergh's great 4 + hour event, Che's two stories are said to be the classic "Rise" and "Fall" situations in the second part. Che Guevara left his position as a civil servant in Cuba and after a failed attempt in Congo (Only when he was mentioned in the movie) went down to Bolivia to try and start a new revolution through the forest. Things didn't go as planned, probably because of the height of the famous Communist. And part of the revolution is because of America's participation in the government of Bolivia and of course Castro is not really a reserve for Che <br /> <br /> as it goes. Of Che's sad, but in some ways more intelligent than the first part. Which is reasonable, because Guevara had to endure low morale from his people, the betrayal from the people around him, the continuous mistakes by roaring and the nearby farmers, and finally the bigger and surrounded army But the sad thing is that Guevara, no matter what, will not give up. Someone may see this as a strong point or a fatal flaw - possibly both - but it's clear that people start to see Che. How is it rounded and something that has a more sympathetic personality? True, he killed and executed and felt righteousness along the way. And yet it began to work with poor audiences The order in which Guevara's health worsened without the use of drugs, led to a shocking stabbing, marking it as one of the most memorable and satisfying films this year. <br /> <br /> Once the commander of Soderbergh is strong If sometimes a little stagnation (Understandable due to the large work time) and one or two scenes felt totally strange (Matt Damon?) But this is a little debt The approaching time for color cameras here is like a war image. The pure garrison tells a lot of care for men in the group, including Guevara as the ruler of this group and how things are reduced. Finally, and as always, Del-Toro is at the top of his game in every scene, every moment knowing that this man is good - better and worse - that he came near the center as much as possible. As far as possible Overall, both parts of Che are made up of impressive packages: history is a drama in a form that is interesting, suitable for the audience, even if they do not know Che or better if they do not miss him so much. It's very special 8.5 / 10
