Ironically, the most talked about American film at the New York Film Festival 2008 is 98% Spanish. The controversy of a special long film began at the Cannes Festival. There was a statement of hate speech and many doubts about official opportunities. trade Benicio Del Toro consoled the rising star to receive the Best Actor Award there. I'm talking about Steven Soderbergh's 'Che'. Of course, that was the name that happened in this model, which was shown in New York as well as in Cannes in two parts, two hours plus without opening the title or the end credits. Of course, due to Ernesto "Che" Guevara being in almost every scene, Del Toro is impressive, hung reliably through thick and thin from the day of glorious victory in the first to the month of The humble defeat in the second part, interesting and simpatico in all his various expressions, even disguised as a gray bald man. It is a wonderful performance. One wants to have a better setting. <br /> <br /> If you are patient enough to sit for more than four hours with a break between the two parts, there will be a reward. There has always been a true feeling - fortunately, Soderbergh decided to film in Spanish. (Although some actors are strange in reasonably English, especially as wood), you will get a good outline of guerrilla warfare. Che style is like: teaching, recruiting, Campesinos, virtue, discipline, difficulty. And combat - including the full variation of the doctor from the company until the military leader, using a high-performance digital camera RED 9-pound 35 mm size that was recently released at the time of filming, making DP Peter Andrews and his team create cool images. But sometimes still singing and <br /> <br /> The movie has two parts - Soderbergh calls them "two movies" and plans to release this movie in the first commercial, 'The Argentine'. Saw the leadership of Che in the fighting in the forests and cities that led to the collapse of Havana in the late 1950s The revolution, which is an effective mission that led to the arrest and execution of Guevara in 1967. The second part is the original film and was written first and I think the first shot. Producer Laura Bigford said that the second part is more thriller, partly as an action movie with a large fight scene. Yes, but both parts have the same lot - too. - Because both spend most of their time tracking guerrillas throughout the country Guerrilla warfare was not reduced since the protests in Bolivia ended early. The Cuban people who tried to bring it were not received as a friendly welcome from Bolivia, who was suspected of being a foreigner and thought that Cuban communists were godless rapes. There is a third part, a period of black and white celebration created from the words of Che at the United Nations in 1964 and an interview with him at that time. But that was the first cut in the first part. The first part also had Fidel and had a better rhythm leading to a victory in Santa Clara in 1959 that led to the fall of the Fulgencio Batista dictatorship in Cuba. <br /> < br /> During 'Guerilla', I still think it will work as a quality European theater, which may start with the short version of 'Motorcycle Diaries' of Walter Salles and go to find us to meet Fidel. In Mexico and join Guevara on the 26th Process of July There may be more about his extensive travel and diplomatic missions. This thing is far from the complete picture of men, his childhood interest in chess, his lifelong interest in poetry, the books he wrote. Even his international reputation is touched only. And what is his cruel and cruel thing, what Soderbergh is most interested in, not Che but it's revolution and guerrilla warfare. The long impression that leave for more than 4 hours is a dreadful thing through forests and forests, which are both men and women who are injured and sick, including the ideal dedication to the cause of the end of tyranny. Of the rich Some people mention being warned that Terrence Malick's 'The Tin Red Line' and yes, the method of fighting like a winding scene is similar, but 'The Thin Red Line' has a stronger character. (Almost no one emerges strongly except Che) and it is a really good movie. This is an impressive effort. But still not finished and unfortunately <br /> <br /> 8 years of love labor through hard research (How many oceans have to pay for it?) The project is too long for regular drama and is too short for a mini-series. Radical revisions - or big expansions - make it become more successful and because it is a long time, especially in the second half. <br /> <br /> Clear that stripping This imitation may be completed. Even though it is not clear what this movie is going on - but with a little luck, it may be quite a good thing.
