Jump over everything from a coup in Cuba to his secret agent in Bolivia. The second part of Soderbergh's Che Guevara is a tragic hero like Che? First, the guerrilla guerrilla warfare that survived through the colorful mountains of Bolivia should make people more disappointed than to be satisfied. Why is this movie? (And especially the performances of Benicio Del Toro) highly praised at Cannes. <br /> <br /> For example, James Rocchi called it a work of art "not just a story of revolution" but "Revolution in and of yourself," Guardian's Peter Bradshaw called it I returned to my original battle for the first part ?? That value is clearly in the form of a hero. And in an era where the role model of a poor hero is unlikely to be useful to see a person of great honor, even if he is stripped of a cute episode of life? This is a psychological hero authored by Thomas Carlyle, the great Scottish writer in the seminal book Heroes and Worship Heroes. Hero can be real or imaginary. (Or anywhere in the meantime) but should really inspire us to achieve higher goals Compare this with the unrealistic 'heroes' of standard Western storytelling: people who have gone through trials and tribulations before receiving an unbelievable award? Often eternal love or material wealth? As if by the intervention of the sacred studio The real hero has too much moral courage ?? Don't get lost in the brave Ark or James Bond. They rise and give power to others to be as good as they can. In the first part, Che succeeded. In the second part, he failed. It is not because it requires moral courage. But since a) is not a good plan, all that can be successful and b) being human. Mistakes are inevitable. <br /> <br /> Guevara's intellectual clarity is flawed. Conditions that make fighting with weapons capable of success It's a serious calculation. <br /> <br /> High in the mountains from La Paz. Amazing color. There is an air of true truth that arises in the lack of scenes in Che - Part One (the United States will not allow Soderbergh to shoot in Cuba). The practice of sight is higher with the highest natural light and flexibility and realism that Presented with a groundbreaking red camera, this is a high performance digital camera with 35mm film quality and the convenience of pure digital. Designed for flexibility and function, the package weighs just 9 pounds. "The red shot is like hearing the Beatles for the first time," Soderberg said. "Red sees the way I see .. There is a very natural, therefore adapted to the most natural phenomenon of light. "If Je stops with the successful Cuban revolution, it will make him able to change mysteriously. His failure in Bolivia not only shows that he has human limitations but is also his moral morality that is not recognized as a political victory. Critics will say ?? And for some reason - his armed struggle inspired the less-than-noble character to get the tin dictator The development of his guerrilla strategy is not good or bad in himself. (And being used by both) <br /> <br /> But for all the praises of this film, there seems to be absolutely no tension. We stumbled from one escape to another, knowing that he would eventually find his death. I found myself looking at the clock and thought it would be shorter. But the work done here ?? Interviewing people from all directions and even receiving one of Guevara's old companions as trainers, actors about Bolivia's operations Making this film to be successful is commendable It may not be entertainment on the plane. But it shows the integrity of the important record of history. <br /> <br /> There is also another very important point in the body of Che's hero. It's about failure. If you try your best, even if you fail, your efforts will not be useless because it may give moral hope and courage to others. Someone may call it a 'martyr' complex and can be found in many religious people as well, but Che doesn't 'sacrifice' himself. He does what he does best, regardless of Able and as an example The success or failure, in particular, becomes just the details. <br /> <br /> With the long-term and unlawful blockade of the US & 2, it's too good to lose in the United States. But that is an invitation to argue that the movie has been trying hard to avoid We must hope that many viewers will have the skills to see Che without the politics and prejudices that cause the inevitable problems. It will revive Soderbergh from Oceans nonsense. 11. <br /> <br / > But if you have never heard of Che Guevara or seen the first part, or if you can't pass the 'Marxist murder' sentence without gaping, I may have struggled to imagine what you will get from the movie. this story The same can be said for many people who have and can.
