Now it is accepted that I am not an enthusiastic student in this category. In fact, I am often embarrassed to escape from the West because even though all of their important boxes are America's first story (Or whatever) they seem to me to be bored with both of them. Injuns "" Big gunfight "or" Hey, let's make a pile! "In other words, it seems to me that the type is rooted and tied to a meeting. It gives a small room a value for surprise or initiative. (And yes, I have seen at least some people called "martyrs" and unapologetically Bale them in this negative evaluation - including Stagecoach, Rio Bravo, my dear Clementine and of course, infamous. [But deep, boring] Clint Eastwood -Sergio Leone worked as a team in the 60s) <br /> <br /> But when I saw this film on TV as part of Jimmy Stewart's weekend celebration When he died - I finally understood: At least I understood. The theory that the West Mythos offered to be a serious obsession (In addition to actions and excitement) It is the force of lawlessness and order. Western Americans represent freedom. But also the expectation of savage Respected villagers will suffer pain from there. Which certainly means perhaps - perhaps - it is not for the respectable villagers and the only inhabitants should be morally and morally those who pay strict justice from their pistols and that Killed or Being killed will be the law of the land In this environment, of course, the true heroes are those who are luxurious and free enough to be there at first (and deny "society", at least it has appeared on the east coast). Justice is enough to believe that a society that is based on chaos and fear is wrong. Capturing and examining the differences between law and chaos in the main character, I believe (After watching this movie) which is the ultimate and true goal of the West Sadly, it's not like that because the white hat is completely white. The black is completely black. (And don't even start talking about the Indians, okay) and have a little gray shade of value in there. <br /> <br /> Not in this place. Jimmy Stewart plays the fate hunter who follows the digger's path before he enters the Alaskan wilderness to expect gold. He participated in this story by a close friend throughout his life, played by Walter Brennan. (Maybe it's an ancient character that will end them all - but it's always fun) - and no one else Pointed out that they came out for themselves and while Stewart showed his patented charm (Can we not like the guy that we can now?) We were left with little doubt that he was a self-centered person. Interesting characters: No humanity "Gosh" or "Oh golly gee" of humanity that is allowed to pass. Or rather have to get to the end of the picture in the way I described above He must face his own lawlessness and weigh it against the demands, orders and justice that are unequivocal in the border town, which serves as the starting point for the miners on the golden dust trail of they The city was ruled firmly by the evil Gannon, played by John McIntyre, to perform the best "bad guy" I've ever seen. He came with a lot of charm and humor and had a relaxed and interesting relationship with Stewart, which actually took a while to realize that he * was * a bad person - so finally when it sank in that force. In addition, building intimacy (If treatment is required) between McIntyre and Stewart, making this film the idea of ​​how close their emotions are - and how far Stewart has to follow morally. <br /> <br /> I will not go through every corner, twist and change the plot - see those things for yourself. (Including rugged and beautiful Alaska scenery - filmed in places that consider you not cheap painted stills The important thing here is that this story focuses on how much the character is with great dialogue and interaction between the characters to replace most of the gun play - even though the movie has action. And enough adventure One of the greatest performances I have ever seen from Stewart shows that he can reliably act as a "man" traitor like a good and honest next door. If there is anything in reality, the property His "ordinary people" will strengthen his character, make him look less legendary or look more like Eastwood or John Wenn. His relationship with Brennan played well: to say the least. (With George and Lenny's little advice from "Of Mice and Men" - "Western" is totally different) <br /> <br /> I definitely have more Westerners to see. But now is my favorite and the yardstick that I must judge all others. It deserves to be known and appreciated more than it is.
