From the creator team that brought us in the penguins of March, I guess that comes with many expectations for The Fox and children from the harsh winter of the South Pole to the lush forests in France. Is a documentary and a fairy tale, part of which tells the friendship between the two characters Renard the Fox and the friendship with the boy named it, played by Bertille Noel-Beuneau. <br /> <br /> Story Simple, straightforward, and sometimes this movie will look like many Japanese movies that children, animals, miscellaneous are friends after developing trust and methods. They go about hanging around each other, dealing with the enemies involved, and like it. Here, the kids meet the elegant fox near her house in the mountains, which gives the perfect picture, the perfect postcard that the filmmakers will Must go to the coordinates too. <br /> <br /> But while we Immerse yourself in the scenery that is craving for characters, not being able to build trust from the onset and we have to wait a couple of seasons and 45 minutes in the movie before they meet the level in the food. Children constantly try to bond with the aim of training animals for their own entertainment. But the fox is good as everyone else, of course, while I think the lecture is quite weak, unlike the penguin's march, which has interpreted human storytelling about what happens on the screen. Great, here is the composition of this film. Follow the life and times of foxes and victims. <br /> <br /> Between the two, there is tension and drama. Especially when dealing with traditional enemies such as wolves and getting those orders quite harsh, especially when children are involved in it. Otherwise, it is normal and quite boring when both of them People play together in a shot that you know has to go through editing the magic of the movie. There are surprisingly dark moments in movies that are not as suitable for children as they should in the same hall that are involved by glaring their eyes immediately. Therefore, you may want to acknowledge and not let them. Toddler disturbed The rest of the movie audience <br /> <br /> As a movie, I want this to be the perfect documentary. The March of the Penguins But I guess it's not satisfied. Remind us not to interfere with nature and something does not mean that it should be and should be like this. Valuable movies that rely on the strength of chemistry between Bertille Noel-Bruneau and several foxes that play Renard.
