THE FOX AND THE CHILD is the latest movie from March of the PENGUINS, French filmmaker Luc Jacquet. The film has only one human being. In the actress Bertille Noël-Bruneau tells the story of a rare relationship, though. There will be a convincing relationship between a child and a wild fox. <br /> <br /> Episode - Nature documentaries and myths This film focuses on L'Infant, a child who is On the way to school one day, through the trail of wild foxes in a beautiful environment, maybe France, even if the exact location was never mentioned in the next few weeks, the children returned to the place where she met. That her fox had hoped that one day she would see the fox talking, which she started calling Lily again And it happened Days turned for weeks, then the summer season disappeared, turning into autumn and winter, with a great movie filming of a wide white winter landscape. Finally, the spring came back again and the young child found her fox and made friendships with animals and others. <br /> <br /> I don't have any expectations for foxes and children. I saw the penguin's march and was afraid of making movies that were in that movie. Luc Jacquet is a highly talented and rare filmmaker and I expect to get a great movie. Breathtaking panoramic views and wildlife views This thing was sent in spades, but here, Jacquet had the credit to write the screen and didn't know anything about the movie before the show. I expect to have something a little different from what I saw in the 'March' story. br /> <br /> Children and foxes and stories are simple. A lonely young man lives in a house that does not have a place to go and walks to school. It seems like she's every day seems to have no interest in the perfect world. Without the hint of an adult in brilliant eyes, so she is a friend to the fox. <br /> <br /> With this movie, you have to give up your own opinion about the movie and put yourself in the shoes of target group This is a movie aimed at children aged six and over. Or for families who like to travel to the cinema with a strain on a wet Sunday afternoon Not a 31-year-old man who has been fired from the movie like WANTED recently. Great and not like. But I am a new critic in London. I put myself in the shoes of an eight-year-old girl who was excited for 95 minutes or more from The Fox and children. Now I have a little problem with this movie. As a 31-year-old boy and a lover of all movies, I love taking pictures of wildlife and landscapes. It is very beautiful. The direction of the animal characters goes fantastic - as good as you can find Attenborough's efforts. As an impressive short interest that stretched for eight years, I loved it in the first half hour - then I lost interest. It is a small, repetitive story, and in a rather harsh and scary place. Blood for young children, especially the ending, is quite dark. As a 31-year-old man - I was a little scared at various places. Wuss <br /> <br /> So it's not a children's movie. It's not an adult movie, and I was a little disappointed. It is a good family movie or not, depending on it, it may be educational and the film has a message. Of course, it's not a movie that I will pay for a rare green, and I'm keeping my brain in order to try and introduce it to a certain audience. It's hard, but I know some people will see and fall. Love this movie It's a European feeling, and of course if you are a big fan of wild animal flicks, try it. Not sure? Now I will wait for the DVD in the wet Sunday afternoon - Paul Heath, http://www.thehollywoodnews.com, July 2008.
