I want to like this movie a lot and I don't think I will be very disappointed. As a professor of American history, I felt almost obliged to see this film and as long as history goes, it is not bad. Of course there are a few mistakes here and there. (Especially with the timeline - movies seem to take only a few months or maybe years - no more than six years of real fighting), but the overall spirit of movies and battles The order is great. Unfortunately, the film also includes meaningless subplots, which are quite difficult to believe in love between the poor and loyal patriots. In most cases, it serves to divert attention from the overall plot and looks like "stuck" - like a plot device instead of a sincere love for true goodness. As much as the idea "Falling in love with the fist." It's an annoying thing. I miss it. <br /> <br /> However, despite this kind of love This movie is truly interesting and inspiring --- plus in many ways it seems that the next film, THE PATRIOT, was copied from the Griffith movie !!! Both films follow the exploits of evil leaders fighting for the British and using scary and evil tactics for civilians - and both have the intention to use this as "Springboard" to start your own nation in America !!! The only important difference is that this film is set in the north and THE PATRIOT is in the Carolinas. It would be good if Mel Gibson and others accept the debt with D. W. Griffith for this concept. It seems that not all things are possible that both are created independently. <br /> <br /> PS - Although I like this movie and other Griff movies. Fitch, he deserves once again "burned in hell" because he has a white actor showing all black servants in this movie! This is a sick thing and it's a big deal that Griffith has done in many of his films, especially in BIRTH OF A NATION. I have to assume this and the way he shows black people that he is a good person by being a slave. And is sorry for "This strange institution" (Don't be angry with me - this means satire)
