In 1930, Europe was greatly alarmed when Luis Bunuel's 'L'Age Dor' was released, causing a riots in Paris when screened there, causing a ban such as for over forty years. Three years later, in 1933, when Europe was shocked, it opened again with the 'Ekstase' symphony (strange) that would love this film starring an unknown German actress named Hedwig Kiesler, who later Will change the name to Hedy Lamarr when she moves to America to escape the madness of Adolf Hitler while Eva, a young woman who recently married a cold, loving husband (played by Emil Jerman), only to find that she has done Miss big time One divorce later, Eva likes to travel & free fancy & goes out one day, slim down in the lake when she finds Adam, a handsome young engineer (played by Aribert Mog) who uses her true imagination ( And her, he) After a night of passion, Eva's ex-husband returned again, hoping to win Eva back, only to find that he now has a rival. I will not destroy anything that happens. Director Czech Gustav Machati (The original film director 'Madam X', another romantic story parable) directed from the screenplay by Jacques Koerpel, Frantisek Horky & Machaty from Robert Horky's novel. (Which reminded me of the photographer Avant Garde, the photos of Man Ray in the era that had to use the impressionist and shadowy light) as by Hans Androschin and Jan Stallich). The quick fix of this film is by Antonin Zelenka & the direction of the film art, which is almost lush in the Art Deco style by Bohumil Hes). If I had a strange story about this movie, it was a musical score by Giuseppe Becce which went up first.Do not feel as though it's more melodic and more quickly. (Some themes are repeated over and over again - like some of David Lean's more than some musical themes, especially in 'Lawrence Of Arabia' and 'Dr.Zhivago'). Reprinted a new work that has been restored using the best sources of information, bringing together many of the existing print jobs in Europe and bringing it back to the most degraded. "(Yes, right. Must ... like The church never did anything wrong) and the Hayes office cut it as a ribbon when it was finally released in the United States in the year 1936. In the "Hayes Cut Office" approval (likewise), the dialogue was minimal in the German language. Lecture in English (Meaning as a visual experience primarily) not ranked But there is an embarrassing thinning scene by Hedy Lamarr (can do it with your taste) and advice about sexual content (Likewise) that rarely gets rated PG-13 at present, worth watching if you have an interest in European cinema or before Avant Garde / Experimental Theater
