I can't comment on this movie without talking about me personally. As a child, poor health makes me never go to the movies. I first found the movie at the end of World War II through the book "Penguin Movie" of Roger Manville, which made me very happy because my health began to improve, which I hope I will buy another copy. Times to read new today My introduction to many classic movies such as The Battleship Potemkin, Drifters (Grierson's magnificent documentary), Metropolis, Cabinet of Dr Caligari and Ecstasy; Come before this book and later at my university art theater The ecstasy arose with the wrath of the Vatican City due to Eva's abandonment of Eva, her subsequent divorce and the short swimming she received in the movie. But Roger Manville didn't care about these little things and mentioned this film that would love - the views reflected by many IMDb users. A very lonely young man when I saw it, I agree willingly. There is no chance of seeing joy again until the home video is released - then it becomes a precious memory that will not be disturbed quite recently. Finally, I add Ecstasy to the video collection. At my home and found that this assessment is very shallow. Ecstasy is a metaphor for the continuation of human existence, in which each person's life is insignificant - it may be Tribute to Bernard Shaw in his unrelated writings that use the word 'life force'. <br /> <br /> Joyfulness presents a young bride married to a middle-aged man. People who have sexual impulses are no longer strong. Disappointed, she returned home and divorced him. Soon after, she found a strong attraction to the young man she met while riding. She made love for the first time and it was an overwhelming experience. Her ex-husband was unable to face the rejection and caused the young man to raise his car, intending that the previous train would kill them both across the level. But the train stopped in time and the seriously ill driver was taken to a nearby hotel where he committed suicide by shooting himself later After an exciting climax sequence, the end is unpredictable and almost inevitably emphasizes that while each human life exhibits happiness and tragedy, total life continues to take us forward in its stream and Through participation with this stream only This story is not enough. And usually this movie will disappear in the trash like most days long ago What has been received by Ecstasy, its classic status is excellent movies, continuous lyrical scores and direction of careful love, along with the lucky things. But in terms of movies is very important - it appears after the introduction of sound It is a sub story and its director takes advantage of the effects of a short speech that comes with some sub-names and sometimes breaks into the score that makes the movie go ahead. This makes it not only But unique This metaphor has continued emphasis. But thoroughly that when it is reflected after watching, it becomes fully realized For example, the name - Eva and Adam; Emil's obsessive behavior on his wedding night, which shows that triviata has become the most important thing in his life and eventually shows suicide because he has no sufficient purpose to heal him. Continuous series of beautiful sequences show erotic images (Bee pollination, flowers, keys to lock the necklace destroyed during the courtship sequence of Eva Chastity with Adam, etc); And the final post-suicide sequence, which may be filmed in many ways, but giving priority to people in certain types of work that are positively related to society as well as creating a new life to preserve this society after us Continue. <br /> <br /> As a movie in the year 1933, I'll give you a score of 9 - even in comparison to contemporary works, I won't reduce things below 8. For me, this movie will still be "must see. "(Although you feel that my background speech above indicates some prejudice in this decision), unfortunately, the contemporary evaluation of North America's film has been distorted by the reaction that In the 1930s, following the short and unimportant nude scenes of Hedy Kiesler, which she had trouble living in Hollywood (some critics who had never seen a hula, returned to the country of God, the Bird of Paradise or the result Early work on DW Griffiths and CB deMille, sometimes referred to as the first appearance of a nude actress in a documentary film). This scene may be part of the original novel and the film will A slightly different if the director chose to write /> <br /> The two new additional ideas <br. First, this is the Czech film published in 1933. The last message about the hard work that creates positive benefits for society must be shallow to the audience. A few years later, their country became the first victim. Of Nazi oppression At least two generations (I don't remember how these scenes were screened after the war when I saw this movie for the first time - were they removed from the copy I saw?) Secondly, for me, the important message today is something. Where true beauty is often passed away, even though their memories are with one thing for life We should all be grateful that today some people can capture images with the camera and watch again as per our convenience.
