First, let us get the "hoopla" as far away as possible. Haedy Lamarr is considered one of the most beautiful women and the movie is the perfect medium for many people to see her beauty on the screen - 20 years old. Speaking of her native language recently, I recently bought a classic version of 1932/3 without censorship of 1932/3. Recently, we saw a brief picture of Hedy naked from the waist, though It will shoot pool. Director Gustav Mashati used the cover of branches, reflections in medium and long basins to show her in this famous scene. So do not imagine that there are people close to or have any suspicious circumstances. His girlfriend, Pierre, keeps his clothes all the time. Yes. Be brave all day. But it is naive to look through the eyes of 2003. <br /> <br> While other reviews that have been learned indicate that this movie should look at imagery, imagery and metaphorical text, it makes the image Of water droplets become ripples on the surface of water, pale, agricultural machinery, scenery, etc. The pleasantly beautiful sounding strings for "Extase's" most lengths and the film have "feelings" of These transitions between silence and sound in concept, direction and script are simple and economical, the story is conveyed through the media and face. A few body words in the German language spoken by actors with English subtitles below, although a few of these words seem to be great in general lyrical flowing through movies. <br /> <br /> The story of a young girl o Married an old man (Why don't we ever tell you what Eva sees in him? Money?) Who would be stuck in an unadulterated marriage and without love? Then she returned to her father, leaving her husband and father. Lying with a daughter-in-law after sitting on a horse, Eva decided to swim in the movie and carried her clothes up on her horse. However, her horse would get romance and ran out to greet his horse friends. Leaving the lake naked and trying to recover her But the engineer at work saw and pulled the horse and looked around to find the owner and to create a romantic love. Her husband saw that his rival had to win Eva after deciding to shoot himself. But I think it's quite irrational and the main weakness that takes into account his unprecedented love with Eva. <br /> <br /> Although it was 1990, it was re-screened in the VHS. 70 years is relatively soft and With the background crackling in accordance with the film, its age after At the time of mourning, our handsome boyfriend is clearly in love with Eva. He imagines that she is a mother with babies, so we have to assume that they live happily forever. Let your imagination imagine the end of 1930. This vintage is a lyrical that can enjoy your own benefits and not just But for the name that caught my eye to 7/10
