I can understand how fans of filmmakers Roman Polanski can love this movie and I can understand that some people may completely hate it (Ebert is one of the few people who do not understand why people don't run. After watching the first time, I'm not sure if I will fall into one of the categories. But as someone who is unable to get enough of Kafka and the strange dark comedies of paranoia, the tenant is powerful enough for work. Or maybe not - this is one case in which it may be a masterpiece more than if it were the Twilight Zone episode, half an hour by Serling sending coda to Terkovsky (or anyone who it may be (?)) Writhes in He's bed in a bandage It is very similar to the treatment of the protagonist who was punished again as Repulsion. However, it may be argued that it is more ambiguous than the surreal sensation through the disintegration of the character and Sustainable location Leadership performance) than the tenant <br /> <br /> As specified, the tenant will have an interesting place that people are not tired of. Tell others: Polanski is a Polish émigré to Paris. The apartment that Simone Choule bought recently, which jumped to her near death outside the window and died soon after. But other tenants are cautious at the highest level in terms of sound After Saturday night at Terkovsky with a few friends, there were too many complaints of loud noise. It will not happen again. But was a little worried about Polanski, but there was no peace even in moving the cabinet or chair Soon, the complaint will be registered with other tenants, but from him? Can he register a complaint? This is the case of an identity that is not wrong. But there is a lack of peace of mind to yourself and those around you When the spiral goes down, Polanski increases tension. (And dare to laugh, laugh, black) by performing Terkovsky amidst a terrifying dream, one of Polanski's strongest scenes from the era and in the search for teeth on the wall No need to mention the bathroom that is blocking the way. (Which I might add is usually a horror movie and a madness in the cinema) <br /> <br /> In any way, this film never feels all the importance. From too many designs like a mind-fink machine with Terkovsky's tenants, it doesn't seem to be what they look at for a moment: there is not much doubt when they find out that they didn't go out. He who makes more paranoia responds by himself. At least once or twice I also think about myself. 'Why did Polanski have a role in his own name?' Not that he was a bad actor at all, and he appeared in many movies and played a role that was not his own direction. But in addition to being a person who is awkward and stressful, such as in the church or during the time he flips out when he thinks that they are going to kill him really, his transformation is less eerie than the tongue-cheek is self-test for See if he can pull it out or not, which he doesn't do at all, even though Polanski works well to make it look gentle and tender. But I can see at least a few other actors who can pull it out with more subtlety and a more influential personality. By the time he saw it, he was dragging it between the cringe camp and the truth, especially when he reached the climax twice at the end. (Of course, that's a bit of a surprise.) <br /> <br /> And it's also a pleasure for movie fans and Polanski fans to see the supporting characters try to dig into the more obscure characters. (Winter and Douglas do this the best, even though they have to go through the limited characters) and unexpected moments like Polanski and Adjani. Getting hot and hard during the Bruce Lee movie or when he was very drunk. Or in a scene that is almost a random scene in which he slaps a child near the fountain It was a very good movie and it might have made me interested when too much coffee after midnight. But is the movie necessary? not sure
