One thing that I'm sure everyone who has seen this movie will agree with is that it's very creepy. Other films in Polanski's informal trilogy are also creepy. But they are different in what makes them creepy But they all deal with the same thing they deal with the idea Of course, the people who look at it are very creepy. Each of them sends vibrations on the spine, causing me to not be able to sit still again. If you see the other two stories mentioned, I'm sure you'll find it quite Creepy because you start expecting the general appearance of Polanski that you think you are stuck in. He knows this and will tease you. With simple things, every time Trelkovsky turns back slowly, I have to jump myself to jump, maybe just me. But felt that he was determined to do that, even though it was quite fragile. <br /> <br /> This performance was quite good, mostly from Polanski. Of course, other characters in the movie didn't have much time. Enough to be a leader, Polanski truly proved himself as an excellent filmmaker all around. But able to direct and write great movies only But he can also perform I don't think there are any other better people who can pull the characters from Trelkovsky out. Polanski can decide perfectly. I like watching movies directed by the main characters. For me, it emphasizes their great versatility and talent, which I respect a lot. <br /> <br /> One thing I don't like about movies. This is How is it in English? For those who do not know that it is a French film, American capital and so more commercial success, mainly made in English. There are some parts that clearly have a copy, and I don't know why it is, but 3/4 of the time they have dubbed. There was a woman in the movie that when she said it was obvious that it was dubbed. But they have the most annoying person to do voice-overs. It is the pain that my ears hear. She speaks seriously. She has a high pitched voice. I heard for a while and it almost looks like a fake. But I don't see what the point is. She is a relatively small character. I would like to choose sincerely if they leave it as it was filmed part of it in French, and some of it is in English, because the voice in this movie is painful and not. Close High standards of other films that do the same thing, which is good, bad, and ugly. I know it's not a big problem, just you realize it will create annoyance. But I'm sure you won't sit back and wait to read what they actually say, regardless of whether you know French or not. /> <br /> The wonderful thing about Polanski is that he will give you the idea that You know him that you know his style, which in some aspects you do. But actually you can't see anything behind that corner This film is more open to interpretation than the two films mentioned, which I think is particularly strong in this story. Personally, I feel that this is the best thing in three people. I'm not sure what will happen next. But they are quite close to their great level The ending is wonderful. It's easy to cut down for a long time. I choose not to think too much about it, just to get my personal opinion and let it be like that. <br /> <br /> I'm staggering and I don't give insight into what makes the movie. this I don't think so. I'll do it here quickly. If you like Repulsion and / or Rosemary's Baby, I guarantee that you will enjoy this movie to say the least. For those who are too unfortunate to see as well, I suggest you watch this movie if you are looking for something that is a creepy movie that is quite clever, especially the ending and if you are looking for something. Related to the mind Paranoia even though it is more appropriate under the eviction system
