This is an example of a movie that has not received a good response when created. But with a status that seems to be increasing at the time 'tenants' is an interesting work by Polanski, one of his first European refugees. It is located in Paris and in many other exiled movies in the city, streets, rivers and especially the buildings with action scenes play an important role. It's just that Polanski chose his main character to not be an American (like in the 'Frantic') but is a polar like himself when going west. There are many personal comments on this film that do what it takes to be a critical moment in the director's life and the fact that he decided to play the introduction. (And do it expertly) may also see <br /> <br /> <br /> It's a story that is a circle of heroes named Trelkovsky. Rent an apartment in an old building in Paris based on what appears to be the first team with a mixed group. Not good or a laughing neighbor Previous tenants tried to commit suicide by jumping out of the flat window and Trelkovsky had time to visit her in the hospital before she died and met her beautiful friend Stella after Truffaut's 'L'. histoire d'Adele H. ') Soon, the neighbors do not seem to be as thoughtful as it is a plan to make him mad or put him into life and the role of a dead girl. He struggled to run into the game and ended up entering the band and gradually becoming her circle closed. <br /> <br /> It's not the most reliable story that we may have seen or heard. But the strength of this film is not in the story But in the details of psychology for slow decomposition Of the hero's state of mind in the game, a permanent balance between reality and illusion To a certain extent, it is not something that happens on the screen that is important. But how did it happen? Reminiscent of the 'knife in the water' that classic made more than a decade earlier at the end of the Polish Polanski period There are many details that have never been explained before. But this is the mystery that must be in the movie. The feeling of claustrophobia Gradually contaminating the audience Unfortunately, some graphic details in the last part of the movie did not get too good action and the dialog box speaks English. (This film was made in English) almost made the overall atmosphere run out. However, waiting for the final scene is worth the patience. <br /> <br /> It's not the best movie Polanski has done. But there are many good parts, it shows the hand and style of the director and is Is an important step in building his career
