Anthony Mann's westerners with Jimmy Stewart have been the director of John Ford and Howard Hawks as the best film director of that genre. Of course, he knew how to give dimension to a good man. Stewart - In Mann's movie, there is a boundary of Jimmy's acting to the audience slowly in Winchester '73. It's Stewart's relationship with his brother and it's twisted. How to become a revenge This is an attitude. "I trust in myself only" which leads to a constant complication. Before the film begins correctly, he (While Jeff Webster) killed two of his hired cows who were helping to drive to Seattle because of some disputes. (We have never seen clearly about this. Try to steal a cow) <br /> <br /> He meets his race in Skagway, the harbor he has to go to bring his flock to Dawson. Skagway's leader is a lawyer called Gannon (John McIntyre) who Reminds one of Skagway's true masters in "Gold Rush" Jefferson "Soapy" Smith and Judge Roy Bean. The problem is that both Smith and Bean aren't quite lazy like Gannon in changing every opportunity to have a chance to make money. Stewart's interruption was suspended in public places. - So (as a fine) the masses were confiscated (will be sold later for Gannon's profits) <br /> <br /> Stewart is a partner with Ben. (Walter Brennan - winner of the last Oscar winner, Judge Roy Bean). They are also joined by Rube Morris (Jay C. Flippen) and meet two women, Rhonda Castle (Ruth Roman) at Complicated and friendly and helpful Renee Vallon (Corinne Calvert). Rhonda worked closely with Gannon but helped Jeff earlier in escaping officials in Seattle. However, she has the same attitude as me. She offered him a job to provide supplies to Dawson. He and Ben went to But at night (While others were asleep), they returned to steal their cows. Renee followed and warned them that Gannon and his colleagues were following Jeff holding Gannon long enough that the cattle would cross the Canadian border. Point out that since Jeff had to return to Skagway, Gannon could wait until he hung him. <br /> <br /> Rhonda and Jeff's party merged along the path to Dawson, Jeff chose a longer route. And safer After he was proven, they followed his path and reached Dawson only to find that there were illegal elements that threatened the community due to the gold fields. The masses were sold to Rhonda and Jeff, Ben, Rube and Renee. Soon there were two groups in Dawson. One led by Connie Gilchrist and Chubby Johnson wants to build the right city. But the mountain will not set up a station in Dawson for several months. Another one centered on "dancehall", which was managed by Rhonda, was in awe with Gannon, who had a huge jump plan using his gun gang (Robert J. Wilke - really scary in the same order as Chubby Johnson and Jay C. Flippen Jack Elam and Harry Morgan) Jeff wants to avoid both and head with his new treasure and Ben for the ranch they want in Utah. But will they get there? And Jeff will remain neutral or not. <br /> <br /> The performance is immaculate here, including Stewart as a man who is willing to face all the actors. But will be peaceful enough Brennan plays one of the patented coders who love coffee. Flippen is drunk at first. But the tragedy and responsibility put him in a better frame of mind - and someone who had stabbed Stewart in his heart by using Stewart's words with him. McIntyre will succeed as a television star in WAGON TRAIN instead of Ward Bond, but his work in Mann's film shows his abilities as a villain. He is as mentioned elsewhere on this topic, not really solid - but he has a sense of humor. Roman is an interesting mixture of opportunists and humans whose fate is determined by her better feelings. And Calvert is both the voice of conscience and the border. "Kichi" realizes that she is more than a girl. But a growing woman <br /> <br /> The best of all is Canada's Rockies background. Is the use of Monument Valley by John Ford. Of course, Mann has the first job directing this film and the audience is impressed with the results.
