This is a story about the growing relationship between Jeff Webster (Jimmy Stewart) and Ronda Castle (Ruth Roman). She likes Jeff in a short confrontation on the steamboat deck to Skagway and looks longer when he hides. In her cabin while the officer searches him for murder They find that they have something in common besides attracting animals. Do not trust the opposite sex members because the couple is married to a spouse who cheats on them. They gradually learn to trust each other when they travel from Skagway to Dawson, but Ronda is clearly in close contact with the corrupt Sheriff Gannon and participating in a shady practice in the hall. Her castle in Skagway. Finally, she must decide between Gannon and Jeff. Meanwhile, Rene, a naive French woman, likes Jeff. But turned out to be a defamation in return Even so, she clung to him on a journey from Skagway to Dawson and his activities around Dawson, along with Ronda. She nursed him back to good health after Jeff was left to die by Gannon's gun demanding gold. he Walter Brennan, as Ben, has been a long time friend of Jeff. He doesn't have a meat role. But serves to weaken Jeff's edge His death was a symbol of opening the door for the young woman to replace Jeff. <br /> <br /> John McIntier (As a sheriff, sleeping) makes it the most attractive city you have ever seen in a movie. Along with his intimidation Obviously he saw something in his body. Jeff repeatedly announced that he would like him. He created the infamous nation of the infamous Soapy Smith, who spent his last years in Skagway as one of the leading priests of his generation. <br /> <br /> Jeff is a quintessential anti-queer. Ben) who does not want to put his neck to others, even though he knows that he is the right person for this job. In this sense, he resembles the character of Burt Lancaster in "Vera Cruz" closely, so Jeff not only But turned down the work of Dawson's sheriff. He was convinced that Dawson would leave after the Shannon gang moved in with the clear intention of occupying everyone's legitimate gold claim. that Leaving Dawson Even Ronda introduces her to JBEP, leaving Dawson while they are still alive. Then Jeff immediately changed his mind, apparently still wanting a nurse to take revenge on Ben's shooting and himself. He changed from being a hero to being the leader of the Gannon gang of Dawson. In this sense, he is different from Lancaster's character that has never been reformed. (But Jeff really changed or just took revenge on the wrongdoing for his own benefit) <br /> <br /> The main problem I saw with the plot was the two principles of women. Ronda is well cared for as a woman that is suitable to tame Jeff. Although she has a clear appearance as "bad", Jeff's girl has her own checkered past, shooting at least 5 people in the United States or Yukon and stealing his cow from sleeping. Ironically, shortly after Jeff changed from anti-hero to hero, Rhonda made a similar change in running down the road to warn Jeff of Gannon's ambush. She died and Jeff asked her why. She doesn't just look at herself (He should abandon the faith!) <br /> <br /> It's clear that Corine Calvert as Renee didn't make a trustworthy representative instead of Ronda, who was dead in Jeff's heart. Yet, the clear meaning of parting scenes is that they come together, even though Jeff will never kiss or hug her clearly. Her image is good. If innocent, the girl is compromised by her work in the workers' room of Rhonda, who hit the workers who weighed their golden dust, pushing the sixth dust on the floor and then revived later. I am not clear about her relationship with Rube Morris, a middle-aged digger who follows her around and claims to her. (He's not your father) <br /> <br /> Another problem is the amateur management of The gun fights between Jeff and the sleeping beam. If Gannon has any skills with a pistol, he should kill Jeff or be seriously injured under that path before Jeff does the same for him. And Jeff shot his right hand suddenly and suddenly became good enough to shoot a pistol easily? I also wondered what Jeff and friends made to help avalanche victims. They are too far away to pull them out from under the snow. Why do most of the horses and mules of Ronda not be buried by an avalanche? <br /> <br /> You will see an army without faces. But is known among Gannon's diggers and gangs. The order taken in the Canadian Rockies is an amazing backdrop for the All-in-all action scene. Most important, concentrated at the end There is no doubt that the film uses great freedom and history, especially part of Canada's Yukon.
