EXTREMITIES is an exciting screen scene. But inspiring drama by William Mastriosimone (Which adapted his own drama for the screen) about a woman who was attacked in her car one night She realized that the man had received her purse and knew where she was. After her roommate went to work the next day, the man appeared at her house and tried to rape her. At this point, at one point, the woman turned to look at the man and could overcome the table; But when she realized that there was no way to prove rape, and if the man was arrested, he would be removed from office. She decided to detain him at home until she received a confession from him. Far from the truth? Maybe. Interference? Of course, there is a terrifying feeling about this film, especially in the middle with the woman and her attacker, which you can't help. But felt part of what happened I don't see Broadway. But I think this piece will be better on the stage. But that doesn't make the film less experienced Farrah Fawcett, one of the last female actors in the role of Broadway, was given the role of Marjorie in this film and gave a deep and profound performance while the victim was not. Fall victim Many critics have found that Fawcett's performance is a single note. But for me, Marjorie is a woman full of what she has been through, and the performance is good for me. James Russo, in his professional career, is fluid and dangerous as a rapist. Found that Marjorie had more challenges than he thought. Alfre Woodard and Diana Scarwid starred as Marjorie's roommate who returned home after Marjorie had overcome the guy and let him tie and stuffed into the fireplace. To arrive And it was the arrival of a roommate who brought the story to an unexpected level because they didn't see what we saw Marjorie passed, so thought she should call the police and let them deal with the men Not for those who are depressed But if you can stand an impressive movie experience that is captured by a lead performance that will surprise you
