(Spoiler in the first scene) The anti-German feeling now appears to be very painful now. But it is a wonderful example of propaganda during the war It was rebuilt when Cecil B. DeMille was still a great director (not interested in the Best Picture Academy Awards). Later, he never made a good sound movie.) The film lacks the humor of other movies. Most of Picford's and actually it's the movie of DeMille, not Piccie's. The badness of Germany can be compared to the "Patriot" method of 2000, like England. The only good German language in this film is the reluctant villain named Austreheim. They also take Picford on an unfortunate journey on a luxury ship that is greeted by a German submarine. So what will make Americans more excited in war? The sinking of Lusitania or watching America's favorite Canadian imports sink there? Throughout the film, DeMille proceeds to help from the terrible catastrophe to another type, hardly able to escape death, global warming, depravity, rape, executions and explosions that occur in the right places In order not to harm her The way she was assisted by the shooting team was unbelievable than the way in which humans in "Jurassic Park" were eventually rescued by theologians. If I was gullible with such propaganda, I would punish myself with German ancestors. <br /> <br /> Is it a good movie? In addition to jokes that run about Americans abroad Obviously it's a joke, even before then ?? You may not be entertained. You will find that it is more than a small and obvious one-sided thing. But the first thing that came to my mind after watching it was years before the false depiction of the massacre that Potemkin revolutionized the language of the film and The potential of the movie in propaganda It surprised me: what happened to Cecil B. DeMille? Somewhere between the advent of sound and "The greatest performance in the world" He seems to have lost his ambition. Ben Hur is expensive But not ambitious In this sentence, this film is for 1) film historians, 2) silent films, 3) Mary Pickford fans, or 4) Fan Demil, if there is such a person.
