The first Western tale of the gold rush that brought romance and James Stewart to the screen "The Far Country" is one of the five west of Stewart-Mann that is often overlooked. Stewart once again created a new image about his current personality, in the fifth of Stewart's West - Mann. Jeff Webster (Stewart) doesn't always look at himself, which is why. He was surprised when he was kind and kind to him. Ironically, he wore a bell on the saddle that he wouldn't ride without. This shows that he might be interested in someone - Ben Tathum, his best friend, played by Walter Brennan, because Tatum was the one who gave it to him. Mann changed the face of the current personality that he put into Stewart's five stewards - Mann. He showed violence, excitement, turning point, love and corruption. The story is Jeff and Ben. Through many events, join the city of Dawson, filled with gold partners, Calvet and Flippen and the beautiful Romans. They cannot go out because the sheriff's sheriff (McIntyre) and his "officers" will hang them because the only way to do this is through Skagway, the city of the horizontal axis. But eventually McIntyre came to them. But not to gather the steward and / or his goodness that he should owe to the government What does McIntyre do? He was there to deceive the miners from their demands and money. The murdered sheriff for Dawson was necessary and Calvert chose Stewart because he was good at guns. However, Stewart rejected the job because he planned to get all the gold he could and pull it out. He also refused because he did not like to help people because of the law and order, often causing someone to be killed. Therefore, Flippen was chosen instead. One of the miners was killed because he tried to stand up to be one of Gannon's people. The purity of the purists, a gunman named Madden, with two guns played by Wilke Flippen, tried to arrest Madden and saw that Justice must be done But he couldn't stand up for him, so he became a drunken city A man named Yukon replaced Flipen. Stewart and Tatum begin to pull out, but Gannon's men are ambushed. Tatum is killed and Stewart is wounded. Eventually, Stewart realized that he had to do something. Otherwise, Gannon would take over. Dawson set his own rules and it would become his city. Like Skagway, the audience also realized what Stewart had to do. Another thing the audience perceived was that Stewart was the only thing between the townspeople and Gannon. If Stewart left, Gannon would take over the city. If Stewart remained and didn't do anything about it, the townspeople would be brutally murdered one by one and without uselessness. This is a great scene. Stewart went into his cabin. He had a sling on his arm. A few seconds, his gun in the gun was hung on the pole next to his bed. The gun was near Stewart in the back, just into the door. He stared at it for a few seconds. He threw the sling away. Sling down on the chair and fall to the ground. This is a symbol because he is abandoning his old life, which consists of not paying attention to anyone other than himself. He came into his new life to help people when they needed help. What ended up in this film is the obvious acting of the gun, showing anger to evil and truly good feelings that everything will be fine.
