Definitely spoiler in this review! I like ** American Gothic and made it at first sight late at night when it was first broadcast at Ch4 in the UK when I was 14. The comparison with Stephen King is correct. It's a small town with supernatural magic. But with excellent layer characters Best of all, and the reason I love it so much is that it has the courage not to be black and white! Although Lucas Buck lacks any good conscience, he often works as he speaks to the ropes enough to hang on himself. His management can only be used because of the weak morals of others. Although in general, Caleb is a boy with good ideas and witty, can show the hidden dark side inherited from his father. There isn't any character that is good or bad, even the angel Merlyn, who expresses anger through reckless revenge in The Plague Sower. Not only does Gale have the closest thing to Caleb's mother's picture But sleeping with, but falling in love with Lucas, even though all she knew made me realize that this performance would go there and not apologize. I am a new fan But when that item really tried to 'darken' in the next season, it failed miserably because it disappeared. It was a humorous side and didn't fully follow its mindset. AG showed that you could There are characters who are bankrupt in the heart of the show and still have laughs. <br /> <br /> I can't even think of why it was canceled while I was' I'm too angry with the absurdity of m all A lot of garbage on the TV and the original good items are kicked around and stamped. Thanks to the emergence of the DVD, at least I can watch the program completely! Yes, some images are currently dated. But the eerie atmosphere is provided by the story All actors also give a perfect performance that is too much to compensate for strange camera work. <br /> <br /> The only reason I think some people may not like this performance is that it's not like X. - Files that have cases that 'solve problems' or disappear in the event that there are many unanswered questions It is evident from the journey that Lucas Buck has some evil power and that performance is about fighting for the spirit of Caleb. Therefore, this list may make people who are looking for a purpose or 'truth' that is not known to search. Yes, there are some mysterious aspects that have not yet been answered, such as the truth about the guardians of the Gails that have been resolved. But unlike the Lost and X-files. This list is not about trying to find More 'facts' about what happened. IMO. It's all about the characters and the way they have to face moral choices in the distorted world of Trinity. Personally, I get the opportunity to see Lou. Kirk makes every situation become useful. <br /> <br /> The most important thing I have to say is check out. I'm pretty sure most fantasy / horror fans will love it. Even if it is canceled, every character has an arc and at the end is enough to close. The only thing I can feel is Dr Matt. Having him in the last episode is a strange matter. <br /> <br /> I'll do everything for the second season. But at least there are 22 full episodes, and maybe some stupid TV executives seem to be happy that this great performance actually happened !!!
