This time, Blackadder is no longer king. (Or especially close to anything) ... instead of being a butler with Prince Regent, portrayed by Hugh Laurie (Replace Tim McInn The hole has never been filled ... His character is charming, innocent ... While he is a complete mental retardation, we can't help. But can take care of him. Daft (which obviously he follows the trivia page) does not speak loudly and is not fully threatened. Edmund is able to do what he is satisfied with and do so Why was he so frustrated and angry? Yes, his boss is a clown. He seems to be lacking in money and is not in danger. In the second series, the queen is a mischievous and young child and will cut off someone's head or marry them with intent. There is not enough risk for any conflict that will be exciting and interesting. There are still comments and even small words. Often, they seem to think that history is funny in itself, so they only But repeatedly not paying attention to changing the facts into jokes or jokes And I can't tell you how many times they thought before they actually completed more than a minute Usually it will not be a positive result when you know that Pearl before delivering Baldrick didn't change from the previous season ... He is still quite pathetic and foolish, leading to "stupid" humor. Through the roof Don't let me start with things that are combined. Verbal intelligence remains excellent, even less than before. I said that about half of the episodes were fun and funny, while the other three didn't make me into them. I'm disappointed in some predictions of such plans and developments ... I can see a lot of such coming away. Some of the content is trying too hard to be a joke and is blown into the wind. This story continues as the tradition started by "II" of the plan to work out from time to time. The theme is the worst bunch. The credit is sort of the least creative. In summary, this is the thing I like the most in four stories. I recommend to fans of franchises and English comedy in general. 7/10
