Unfortunately, in such cases, there are many conflicting stories that everyone tries to accuse others that it is impossible to get a clear picture of what actually happened. This movie is the victim of such a situation. The writer (too) has decided to bring the whole story and give it to the audience so that they decide which version of the truth they like best. In the case of real life, there are no clear answers, no conclusions, and the audience will be left with general uneasy feelings. (Such as caffeine-free coffee or having sex without orgasms) Whodunnits without whodunnit are often frustrated and make you wonder why some people don't research before they put it there. At least convince your movie to be fiction if that's what it is. (And this is what I do) <br /> <br /> That is not to say that there are no great performances here. Kilmer (as Holmes) has a prominent role leading humanity. Come to a nasty character Kilmer and real-life lover and friend, who gives advice in this film, lets the audience see the selfish and troubled human being, even if his mistakes are large and large. And being cared for by many people, Kudrow, as Holmes' wife, gave only a flick of the theatrical actress she could do. But it is a flamboyant, memorable and very memorable Bosworth's characters are not as complicated as they should be, and want to show more internal conflicts to give confidence to what has happened between Dawn and Holmes. (She changed him in 6 months after fleeing to Florida.) The apples' performance on Bosworth's cheeks is sometimes annoying. But does not show the spine that the actual Schiller must have. Other characters fade away in the woodwork, which is a pity Lucas is a great actor who can take his teeth into this chapter. Even Dylan McDermott was surprisingly talented in the role of a drug dealer. <br /> <br /> The film's fault is not with the actors. But have written There are too many chefs, causing this soup and kettle to be broken, which is filled with many promises that make you hungry. Stories and characters may be less than sympathy. But in this film, isn't that like that? Other movies, such as Cowboy Pharmacy in 1989 starring Matt Dillon (who was asked to do this job and being rejected), work with similar topics and understand the level in which you feel the relationship with the main character in the episode. At the end of the movie, what he did, Van Sandt might have James Cox and his crew receive a few lessons. If someone cares to try and find the truth, this will be interesting. As it is, you'll find the WADD documentary that comes with more satisfying (on 2 DVD discs) and provides more information. You will know from the DVD that Holmes is not a bad person. But not very good too .. as most people
