John Holmes is very famous. He is shameful (as Three Amigos said). This is a story similar to Rashomon about the events surrounding Wonderland Murders of the early 1980s in Los Angeles. The story is combined with the telling of a few participants. There is a story from the perspective of a friend, David Lind (played by Dylan McDermott). He is a participant in the robbery attack at Eddie Nash's place. (Eddie Nash is a shameful drug dealer - and should be the same character as Alfred Molina, playing in the bokeh) and entering the pharmaceutical industry heavily. There is a view of John Holmes. (Played by Val Kilmer), which led him to become a pledge between the two kings (With severe cocaine cases) There is also a remembrance of John's wife (Sharon - played by Lisa Coudrow) and his girlfriend (Rung Arun - played by Kate Bosworth Th) that fills the gap between the two layers Basically it is the same time frame that we only see each version of the character. The only missing thing is the view from the dead. <br /> <br /> Paul Thomas Boogie Nights plays the role of John Holmes as a heroic character. Slightly with a sad but funny karma. He is a mixed boy who received what he received through his "big" endowment. Director James Cox closed the joke and made it now in John's life to be a nightmare for us. Everyone looks The details of the real-life murder made the film even more eerie. <br /> <br /> Val Kilmer took what he learned about Jim Morrison from the doors to improve the performance of the Salton Sea. improve Bring us the decline of John Holmes with cocaine. All the actors pulled cocaine from a very realistic image. Josh Lucas' performance was outstanding as one of the best in the movie. He played Ron Launius (I think this character is probably the same as Thomas Jane from Boogie Nights. ) Ron is the leader of a love group that has John Holmes as a novelty and has a craving for cocaine like a shark to enjoy the blood. The use of cocaine seems like the real thing. Think of it. Do they really use Splenda? <br /> <br /> Boogie Nights has a pop-up soap bubble. (Many colors and nostalgia of the 70s) Wonderland is gloomy. The action is fast and intense with a lot of jumps. It is jerky and grainy. There is no joke, just a never ending step, as if the director is trying to take us into a cocaine that is excited and agile, making us feel that the character has feelings. This is a graphic movie. It has one of the most intense scenes I've seen in movies. It shows the murder itself. (Through the eyes of John Holmes at first and from a third person perspective) It is a graphic image. It looks like police evidence about crime. I had to stop after this scene and remind myself that this is just a movie. This film is not recommended for everyone. I recommend using a good alternative for Boogie Nights for those interested in other aspects of John Holmes. <br /> <br /> -Celluloid Rehab
