Recently, I've attached the habit of buying interesting DVDs that the company enlisted. I think that even if I don't like movies, the criteria often provide special materials enough to compensate for any defects in the movie. I read them and I bought the most interesting stuff for me. <br /> <br /> Le Million is my last purchase and I must say that I am not disappointed in the movie. It is funny, cheerful and romantic. Everything about it is great. Great music If I understand French, I may hum them and sing all day. The performance is very good for this type of movie. American musical theater in the classical age of Hollywood relies on songs and dances rather than the actual characters and stories, but in Le Million, the characters are well developed and the story I love developing relationships, especially the relationship between Michel's best friend and Porn. Romantic moments have been well developed. The direction is almost perfect, with many memorable moments. May be the single most complete scene of the film, immediately after the couple's arguments They hid on the stage of opera performances and opera singers singing in both Michel and Beatrice's interpretation of their own situation. This is one of the highest points in film history. That scene made me laugh in order to overcome me with a sweet romance and make me smile in the things that the wise director I gave this movie with 9/10. <br /> <br /> P.S. - Some information for everyone who has confidence in the rules I make and is planning to buy. Among the criteria that I own now, Le Million has the least features. What it has is a photo gallery. (Not all useful; One might flip it once) and a rare TV interview with Rene Clair. The director of this piece is interesting. He is one of many directors who started in the silent film and when the first talk, he said that they represent the death of the movie. I think people who understand most movies understand what these directors mean when they talk about it. But it is interesting to hear him explain In addition, if you read the description of this film on Amazon.com, please note that they make mistakes in one important aspect: not every line in this movie is a song. In fact, it doesn't have more music than ordinary music. Actually, it's more than a Chaplin movie or Buster Keaton or Marx Brothers. Criticizing my disc isn't important. The Hague criteria have the right to hit me around for those complaints. The truth is that their people may spend hundreds of hours creating movies with only 20 people (now 21!) That voted for imdb and about a hundred people. So, Heck, if you look at the Criterion website Le Million will never be found. I have no clue why not It is something they should really be proud of. (Of course, their website is surprisingly scary) They work well in this movie. Cheers! They deserve all the money I can give!
