Karen (Sarah Michelle Gaillard), an exchange student in Japan who had just started a social work job, was sent to help semi-elderly women without Emma's ability. (Grace Sabrissky) After the previous guardian Yoko (Yoko Maki) disappears, Karen soon learns that there is something wrong in Emma's house and she tries to. "See how deep the rabbit hole is." <br /> <br /> Perhaps it is the result of the success of the movie of M. Night Shyamalan. Horror movies that are slower and slower are the latest trends. In some cases, such as Hide and Seek (2005), how to perform remarkably well, and in some cases, such as White Noise (2005). Pacing tends to kill the film. I don't like The Grudge as much as Hide and Seek. It's also a very good movie - it gets 9 out of 10 from me. <br /> <br /> Grudge has a few significant differences. However, from the latest example of such trends One is known that this is a remake of a Japanese movie that started with Ju-On (2000) (especially it's close to the first half of Ju-On: The Grudge or Ju-On 3, from the year 2003) Two, as with many Japanese horror films, slow pacing here is not within the scope of the reality of the drama as well as statics. As with many European horror films, Grudge should be seen as a nightmare filmed. <br /> <br /> Director Takashi Chimizu, the director of five Japanese movies in Ju- On the series to date (The fifth is currently in production) and writer Stephen Susco has paid most with a straight line and is not too involved with logic or plot holes when it comes to the horror behind the story. The idea is to present a dream-like scene with a dream logic that focuses on the atmosphere, horror, mystery, and for a large audience. - How terrifying is this movie for you, depending on whether you can adjust yourself to enter. With or familiar with how to make movies (Although accepting that there are some gaps that appear from the previous entry in the Ju-in series). Traditionally, American audiences consider that the flaw is causing the thread to hang and discard "rules" for " Monster "How to write a metaphorical and surreal poem that has not been accepted by the mainstream in the United States. <br /> <br /> However, even if you are not familiar with it, it's worth it. To try to suppress your usual thoughts about The film and The Grudge shot. This is a well-written film, well directed and filled with unusual features such as the story that combines characters Many "main characters" (which do better than Ju-On 3), good movies Experience the delicate production design. (Check out Gellar's clothes that match the color and texture of the house outside of Emma when Gellar approaches first) and the powerful horror material. <br /> <br /> Although it is slower At your average horror movie, in the past, pacing often helps to increase agility and there is no shortage of strange events to entertain fans. The supernatural evidence of this film is interesting, and from a DVD interview with Shimizu, has encouraged me to focus more on Japanese beliefs and folk tales. Although the most interesting things may come together with deeper knowledge of Japanese culture. But it's interesting to ponder why many Japanese horror movies have terrifying children and adults who look like terrifying children. <br /> <br /> For this movie, muddle up to a mysterious / thrilling land. Too old-fashioned "This is what actually happened" in the past, but even though it is reasonably well done and otherwise it will be 10 in 10 <br /> <br /> Now that I have said all, let me do a mini. Rant: Not that I'm anti-remake, but it's ridiculous that distributors and studios in the US feel that we want to remake of foreign movies to make them. Suitable for consumption These original movies should be played in a wide variety of US theaters. No need to present movies that are almost the same. But it is just a replacement for white American actors for non-white actors or foreign actors. But in the end, I want to see something original, using this ability and being treated with the latest foreign horror movies - not just Japan. But also including India, Spain, China and China - that's my multiplex. With the hope that some people with traction in the studio will read this thing, it's worth it than when you do this (1) you can avoid the cost. Complete production and just make a distribution agreement in the country where you get the profit. 2) You can make money from fans like myself that is something else that picks up foreign DVD movies in Foreign production or even a playoff series.
