It is said that David Lynch's movies and shorts won't attract anyone. Both Dumbland may be more than ever. I have a feeling that Dumbland, while people meet, will be the true mark of 'I understand' or 'what the hell' is. It's not surrealism. But without reason until the point of not returning It is also very, very stupid. But in this stupidity, it may be an ironic secret that the creator knows what the children are and how disgusting and self-consciousness is. The advantage is not the reduction. <br /> <br /> It's a pair of pants. The short, rough sketches that may not have been done in Hertzfeldt and Judge's animation program (which I might add Lynch here, there are many things together with both directors in them. Working at the center of the lummox with IQ at 20, which has a wife who is always shy and frightened, and children who look like a bastard between the gingerbread man and / or the aliens. Unusual run A salesperson who can surf the Gettysburg address, take care of his brother-in-law. The patient sees hallucinations, ants and is just obsessed on the sofa with the sound all the time while Lynch continues to experiment. The five-year period that he did in and outside the Kingdom of Inland <br /> <br /> For one thing, he will return to the roots of his first six abbreviations that have been sick six times in the use of doing. Repeat as Means the end, which sometimes works well, almost excruciatingly and sometimes not Like when sitting around the house without doing anything, because the teeth had blood flowing out and the buzzing sounds around the wax and faded away in vain And even when a man's friend is arriving, it is more funny for the comparison of Beavis & Butt-head (both laughing like a fool and foolishly by killing things like fish and sheep). Ending work is the way Lynch shows offensive images in the most brutal ways possible and excessive violence. <br /> <br /> The closest thing to Sat Tweeted ergonomics in "Ants" Men sprayed bug spray error (called "kill" one of Lynch's cheap. But very fun in social meetings) with yourself and imagination Ants in the chorus line, single music included And one of the most funny things I have ever seen from the filmmakers is "take the wood" that we just saw that guy encouraging his son to stick in his mouth Soon the neck broke, the eyes emerged, and when it was said that the wood had been removed, he was not careful of waddling like a drain cover. Other times appeared like this in an unexpected fissure and it was painted on. Cheap paper that is shocking with bad language. (Mostly from men, as well as from 'Grandma', which is one of Lynch's voices for the character, is the deepest part of all) and the shaky quality that reminds the cream of crops from (early) Hertzfeldt < br /> <br /> All too well, I'm not sure whether Dumbland is what I want or not. Take someone's hand if they don't see Lynch so much. There is a little point about a society that is completely exaggerated, which may or may not be in Lynch's mind closer than that. We often miss people in real life. However, there is generally a small amount that should be read down, which is why I say more than half that I hate to hate it with passion. Those who dig holes of animated cartoon films with the lowest hole bottom must blow out.
