Dominic (Nicky) Luciano wore a 'Hulk' T-shirt and expressed displeasure every day to act as a garbage man. He uses his physical power to collect the waste of others and pull them away in the city. He read stories in comic books, superheroes and love wrestlers and wrestlers at WrestleMania and Eugene. His twin brother on their birthday is an annual tradition. He spoke kindly to many people he contacted during his day. He read the comic books he found in the trash, along with the little boy he usually passed while on the garbage path. Unfortunately, Dominick has the ability to use his mind to decrease. He has a disability. <br /> <br /> Dominick's disability comes from a head injury that he suffered from a brain injury (TBI). This injury caused him to slow down even though he had not changed his appearance as Strong people who help protect others Dominic is able to live more freely than he might see at the beginning of the movie. He lives with Eugene, who is studying to be a doctor. Dominic is the main source of income while Eugene is studying. Eugene faced the fact that he had to study in another city and had to move out of Dominic. Eugene also developed a love story that began to separate him from his twin brother. <br /> <br /> This film deals with abuse in the home, especially. The increased stress between Eugene and Dominic when Eugene realized that he would eventually have to leave Nicky's bomb on their birthday night. Eugene yelled at Dominick and threw him into the wall. During this time, Eugene had to face his own fears of being a father who insulted Dominic's father to protect him while he was a victim of abuse. This event made love between the two brothers who became the best friends. Even if they want each other But they want freedom and ability to grow and develop relationships with others The fact that they have to separate the way becomes very true emotional stress. However, at the end of the movie, Dominic can say goodbye to his brother and hope that he will be lucky. Eugene was able to leave his brother with the confidence that he had started to create a social network of people who care about him and will help him with his independence. <br /> <br /> When Dominic Seeing his friend's abuse Was forced to face the cause of his own injuries In high stress conditions, Dominick is almost completely shut down. Then he ran along the ambulance to the hospital to see what happened to his friend. After knowing that the boy died, he had to face an insulting father who was afraid of his testimonies, telling him that he didn't see anything, knew nothing and didn't say anything, and if he did, he would kill him. Went to find a hand gun that Larry had killed He went to the wake of a dead boy and gunned down, kidnapped the children of a sad family. He escaped from the scene and hid in the building. When the police surrounded him, Yu Jin entered the building to talk to his brother. Then Eugene revealed the cause of Dominic's disability and they brought him back. The insulting father then uses his own gun that threatens to kill Dominic. But Eugene stopped him and Dominic told the crowd that he saw his father throwing his son down the stairs. <br /> <br /> The problem of unusual behavior comes in perspective. Although Dominic's instincts can help the baby to understand But we still see how this response can damage Dominick, causing the baby's life and his life to be in serious danger. The bigger social impact of these events is not directly related. But shown through the ending movie Despite having a more optimistic view But another incident may have occurred which Dominic was charged with kidnapping and possessing firearms. It is quite difficult to believe that no one has received it completely. In addition, even if Dominic will not be charged But there may be disgrace to him within the community, not that there will be no previous event But this film shows that we must be able to recognize the problematic behavior and take action to control it Another film is Rainman. While Rainman is a success and helps increase visibility with people with disabilities, it may be argued that Dominic and Eugene hold more valuable lessons for society. While Rainman shows that important American societies may be able to learn and care for 'intellectuals', if 'intellectuals' inherit large land inheritance Dominic and Eugene show that people with disabilities may be able to care and help members of the American society. The message of an independent person with disabilities may be stronger than 1988. Hopefully, someday society will see the strengths of people with disabilities, not threats. But is necessary for the strength of society
