I gathered horror movies from all over, and I saw good things and terrible things - Zombie Bloodbath is an economical video. Of course, acting is not good, the story is a mixture of all zombies movies that are thrown together and low quality at some point. What you seem to be missing is that it's still fun and fun. The effects range from the same way that people say here. The cheeky zombies that look like Kiss refuse to be a good person with an amazing latex job. But the reason you bought a movie with this name is for the gore and this movie is amazing in that area. The effect is great for small films. Someone called it a movie party and is Party movies are 100% fun. I have heard from various websites that this is actually a "rough movie" of movies that have been released in general, but "cut off director" is coming on DVD and it has good quality. Much I'll buy and judge by myself. <br /> <br /> The story is a bad nuclear power plant and makes zombies. The government did not shut down, hide stories and build houses that were boycotted. Some plants remain underground and these things die and attack the area. A few actors have done a great job, having a fairly straightforward social comment, a smart and real song, good music, great light, powerful suspicion, and blood and patients. Lot A man was attacked and torn from the bottom of the area to the end. If you know what I mean Then his courage was pushed out of his mouth. The other half was torn like on the day of death and they did a great job. There are trillions of gags and it is almost all done. I said to stop being a radical person, enjoy life and receive additional movies such as Zombie Bloodbath and two great Undead meat epic markets. <br /> <br /> Ok - update !!! I just received a DVD set and this is what I think: <br /> <br /> The picture quality is much better and when I saw the actual director's CUT and this movie was better. Much I like it before But now I can see things that Todd sheets actually try to do with this one. And the comments can help as well. The sheet talks about the details of the movie. He knows that it's a worthless zombie movie. But he showed respect to everyone involved In addition, the sheet also has great humor and humble honesty that others can learn from in the movie. The background of Zombie Bloodbath is fun too. I felt it was an entertainment that was close to the movie that was created. There are great interviews and behind the scenes scenes, together with news stories about movies from some important locations such as CNN, FOX and MTV. Above all, a small, fun movie that is very rough. But still makes me laugh and enjoy sitting! I've seen many DV movies and videos, some movies, and many other things are quite boring. But this is not true While the new DV movie is superior in technique But they are not much fun. <br /> <br /> PS - I heard that they are now doing this with a huge budget ???
