Recently received two DVDs and while not perfect, I found that the overall experience is a fun way to waste time. I have to say in advance that I am a big fan of zombies and I think the good people who make these movies must be like that too. I also have a weakness for those who are trying sometimes with all the opportunities to live their dreams. And again, these people are doing it Is this a collection of movies that have won many awards? Number that is not closed But for what they do in their little budget should recommend these movies For me, the most important thing is I getting entertainment? Do I have a good time with this movie? And here, the answer to both of them is "Yes". The first time in this series is still the most raw. It opened with some accidents at the nuclear power plant and people melted or something. Cut over many years later and a new residential community was built on the old reactor site Some kids made a video falling into the hole and found themselves trapped in the bottom of the factory. They were rescued But the hole was not sealed and the people from the opening started fumble out of the hole. Soon the whole city was dominated by the Undead and these zombies were fun. They changed from rotten makeup to the cheapest white slap, but all the fun ended up in a showdown between the last survivors of the area and the dead, our hero going into the bottom of the reactor. To get rid of the zombies, eat meat and seal the hole forever! Pretty amazing, but I think it should be Even though it was moving very fast, there was a horrible effect tank and tried to be really stylish. The performance is uneven. But a few good performances shine out and everyone should listen to the comments I went back to see again with the following things and found that it was good information about the trials and fun that the team and the actors were exposed to the movie. Director Todd Chads looks proud of this, his first film. But without any delusions He knew that it was a worthless zombie movie. But he showed respect for the people involved In addition, the sheet also has great humor and humble honesty that others can learn from in the movie. The background of Zombie Bloodbath is fun too. I felt it was an entertainment that was close to the movie that was created. There are great interviews and behind the scenes scenes, together with news stories about movies from some important locations such as CNN, FOX and MTV. Above all, a small, fun movie that is very rough. But still makes me laugh and enjoy sitting! I've seen many DV movies and videos, some movies, and many other things are quite boring. But this is not true While the new DV movie is superior in technique But they are not fun! Overall, this is solid, if there is a slight error, release with a lot of extra and blood splashing and splashing. While not violating any great rules, I found that the series was fun and laughing all the time, so I gave this suggestion. Todd Sheets didn't try to create an award-winning artwork. With the odds that seem to make the budget into a horrible fun horror center
