There is nothing I can say about this movie more than all the reviews on one page, except - as Jesse said - "It's a berries." Every commentator on the page writes thoroughly - almost like The dialog box is in this movie. This may be one of the most inappropriate things we hear. But often done by the actors who submitted the script: Beautiful verses. Perhaps Robert Redford had a great influence on the actors / actors during the filming of the film, so the beauty of the story would not be lost. <br /> <br /> I went to church too when I was very young. And into my late teens The pastor of the church speaks fluently and quietly, as Reverend Klein did in his church. In itself is a completely different image that shows the Southern Baptist Church - there is no sacred strike in my church It is a large church that has a lot of programs to keep the gathering busy - the most inspiring is the music department with a large choir and almost classical music. Sunday is almost all younger than Do you know that it's safe to go to church on Sunday night? I hope it will continue to be! Viewing "rivers flowing through it" is like listening to beautiful sermons in churches where members are fully involved in life. As beautifully written, the sermon for this movie is Montana's open-air beauty - but it doesn't have a missile silo too, right? Fly Fishing or other activities that draw family members close to each other for a happy life - and a deep understanding of each other - become a blessing even if you sometimes see some aspects of life. But the simplicity of the story makes you impressed if you leave it simple. Discussions and prostitution are balanced by the simple integration of the old-fashioned picnic of the community, while the film has - in contrast to modern families taking their children to Disneylandland. There is nothing wrong, but while the "river" shows a sober beauty, some parts of it cannot do anything but make life better. This is the third movie I have seen. Tom Skeritt (?) Plays the father of different styles and great performances. Pitt Brad Pitt is mostly a talent that has yet to be discovered except "Telma and Louis" and "Meet Joe Black" and all members should receive many awards. A small story that has been told in great detail will receive 10 out of 10 from me in all films that are violent, impolite language, ugliness and "action". I am thinking, especially "Crash" and "Arnold's" movie. Most of this movie is something that helps calm.
