Ah, Moonwalker, I'm a big fan of Michael Jackson, I grew up with his music, Thriller is actually the first music video I've ever seen clearly. Believe it or not, there was a time when Michael Jackson was like God to the people when the woman fainted when he first saw him. It was really faint before seeing his image. Sorry. Michael, but Moonwalker is what started as a machine. Tribute to Michael's success at the right time when he released the famous Bad Album that broke the record. He is the first album to have 6 of the top ten. Michael is an incredible artist, no doubt he wrote singing, dancing. But when talking about acting or telling stories directly to the audience, <br /> <br /> We start from simplicity: music, life, work, success and madness of Jackson who is a star. The greatest Michael Jackson in the world in the 1980s. Later, Jackson was a 30-year-old gangster who used his power as a criminal body to protect children. When Jackson was allowed to stay near the children, we cut him playing in the fields with their children and dogs. The dog ran away and in the search for Jackson and the children revealed the secret of Mr. Big Frankie Lido, a drug dealer and an army of henchmen who wanted the entire world to be addicted. Starting with the children, Big discovered Jackson and the children, but they escaped. Jackson told the children to meet him at Club 30, which became a haunted nightclub that had been abandoned since the 30s. The story goes back to the gunman attacking Jackson and here it is revealed that Jackson is a magic connoisseur. That attracts power from the shooting star Jackson changed into a sports car and cut many of Mr. Big's henchmen. The story picked up for the kids at Club 30 and at first the kids were scared, but when Jackson appeared the horrific atmosphere of the changing club and the children found Back in 1930, the club is now full of zoot suiters and swing dancers. Jackson is involved in dancing with other members of the club, which serves as a music video for "Criminals are smooth" when reaching the peak of the song, Big Bang, surrounded the club and kidnapped a child, Katie. Jackson followed them back to Big Caves and ended up with his henchmen. Mr. Big appeared and tortured Jackson's mind by threatening to inject Kathy with drugs. While Katie picks up Joe Pesci's glasses and gets free from being injected, Mr Big decides that he has enough and orders his men to kill Katie before Jackson finishes. But not before the shooting star flew Jackson turns into a big robot and kills all the soldiers of the big boss. Hmmm, do you want more strange things? Watching movies <br /> <br /> Moonwalker is very fun. In the first half of the year, seeing Michael's success and his hard work make fans feel grateful to him again. Is it mostly to be contrary to his album? Yes, I like that he spent the first 25 minutes to praise how wonderful he is and then we go to his song called "Leave me alone", which is a person who pretends not to say that it's not just great music, just a small event. Then, when we skip the dramatized performance, the story is incredibly weak: the villain spells his name. Out loud as Michael and Katie are spying on him. Haha. Michael is a transformer. Immediately, the big demon plan of the villain is high? The villain has a large ray gun that will make Marvin the Martian embarrassed. But if there is an incredible new thing that the movie gives us, a new video for Smooth Criminal Music Video is perfect. It's choreographed, set up. It's a smooth style. Michael moves forward and surpasses perfection. And Smooth Criminal is incredible. I love Moonwalker since I was a child. I still watch it fun today. But it's not the best movie In any way, it is quite stupid. But it's good if you are a Michael Jackson fan. <br /> <br /> 7/10
