SAPS AT SEA is clearly a punishment for Gary Cooper's movie, SOULS AT SEA. The name describes the team starring Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy. Who will go to the sea to soothe Ollie's nerves, only to run away from the murderer Nick Grainger as played by Rychard Cramer. This criminal is fun and cool, making him a funny character for boys Even though he has power But Cramer was never aggressive. Boys, a tribute to the charm of Stan and Ollie. That's what it should be because Boys should be the protagonist in this movie. <br /> <br /> That is the charm of Laurel and Hardy's personality that they raise the average content for that SAPS AT SEA. Has a slow spot For example, the previous reviewer noticed that the doctor (James Finlayson, an admirer) tried a balloon called "Lung test machine" on Ollie without punches. The situation is the first scene that takes place in the Boys' apartment, almost unrelated to the second part that they go into the sea. But overall, this movie is a very delightful entertainment with enough time to make it unacceptable. <br /> <br /> There is so much pain to see working together. The final stage between Laurel and Hardy and Hal Roche producer, I never saw all Laurel and Hardy movies in the year. Fri 1940, but what I saw was not even the weakest Hal Roach product. In the ensuing movie, Laurel and Hardy seem to be in an alien environment without colorful players such as Finlayson and Charlie Hall and Marvin Hethya and music scores like Fun They have not had a good meaning and the optimistic people we know and love. But in the next movie, it is annoying or a pitiful mistake. <br /> <br /> It's a shame that Hal Roach Laurel and Hardy are generally unable to provide services to the general public. Even on a few shows, such as SAPS AT SEA, we can see that Laurel and Hardy are great comedians. This is because Hal Roach mainly allowed Stan Laurel, the team defender. Fully artistic freedom When Laurel lost his independence at other studios, the team lost a lot of uniqueness.
