This is my third comment. Here, try to connect two legendary comedy teams: Laurel & Hardy and Abbott & Costello. The connection here is 1940. That is the day when the past had their last movie from Stu. Dio, their old home in Hal Roach. I will talk about the importance of the latter later. In addition to being the last time Stan and Ollie worked at the Lot of Fun, it was also the last time they appeared with familiar players such as Charlie Hall and James Finlayson who appeared in most of their movies. It is also the last time that Art Lloyd will act as a cameraman and Marvin Hatley, a lyricist who will be known as "The Cuckoo Song (Dance of the Cuckoos)" - their score. And it will be the last time Stan Laurel will be allowed to use his creativity to fully control what is happening in the movie If there is more gag structure than usual in this L&H movie, it is good to know that most of these jokes are definitely funny. Which includes most audio and visual effects by Roy Seawright, a longtime Roach official In this chapter, Ollie has "Hornbobia" from working in a noisy horn factory, so Dr. Finlayson ordered to go out to the sea to relax. Ollie doesn't like rowing, so Stan suggests that they rent a parked dock so that they don't have to go anywhere. After they found what they liked, we found that Nick Granger (Richard Cramer) recently escaped ... I will stop there and say that this is a good final scene for L&H in an old house. It is very funny from beginning to end and knowing that this will be their last time for the men responsible for their team participation is a very painful thing when people think of it. Oh, and I have time soon to talk about: It is the final film of the Harry Bernard, who plays a police patrol after a close encounter with Stan and Ollie as police. Ben Turpin's birth in New Orleans, which is far from my current hometown, is Baton Rouge, where L & H appeared the second time earlier, "married" a boy in our wife. The latter actors, in particular, have real comic moments. Okay, I'm talking about the 1940s that was the year that Stan and Ollie had their last film released from Hal Roach Studios. The first year that the comedy team was born in New Jersey would create. Their first image in their home studio, Universal. The director of this film will be the same person who directed L&H in The Flying Deuces last year. His name is A. Edward Sutherland. PS During this filming, the script director Virginia Lucille Jones suffered an accident involving a carpet roll up. That event made Oliver "innocent". Hardee sent her roses to the hospital room. They fell in love and married on March 7, 1940. It lasted until the innocence of the baby in 1957.
