It follows BLOCK-HEADS and A CHUMP AT OXFORD, which are two difficult films that end up, not that SAPS AT SEA is a bad movie - it's a good joke last time. (Unless someone confirms JITTERBUGS or other movies later) that Laurel & Hardy created it, it's just a little movie that doesn't have the severe destruction of BLOCK-HEADS or the astounding eye of personality. " The truth "of Stan in A CHUMP AT OXFORD that will be very happy in 57 minutes. It's shorter than the other two. Little movie But actually it's not a good point for it Have enough time to press the correct record It's not as special as the other two. <br /> <br /> Stan and Ollie work in a factory that produces them. I suspect that Chaplin's influence is slightly in this order. (Someone remembered similar events in the past four years before). Ollie's nerves were finally stunned and he was very angry. He went home and (usually) his roommate Stan didn't help - Stan had a musical lesson with a strange teacher in his instrument. (You get it - trombone) After defeating the poor professor, Ollie has problems with the janitor / incompetent engineer. (Ben Piper, in a short, good manner), then turned to the doctor. (Jimmy Finson) and Ollie's stomach testers) Finleyson announces that it's a bad case. "horniphobia" and Ollie want a holiday full of quiet milk and goats. They ended up going to the boat. But Ollie and Stan don't know anything about navigation, so they plan to sleep on the boat. Unfortunately, the goat bites the rope until it breaks and the ship runs out. Unfortunately, Richard Cramer is an escaped criminal. This is not a peaceful holiday. <br /> <br /> SAPS AT SEA (eg A CHUMP) may have three shorts at one factory at the apartment and another on the boat. Each person will succeed in the short term, and they all make funny movies - but stitching different parts together shows. There are some funny moments in this movie - discovering how the inefficiencies of Turpin cause accidents with faucets and stoves in the apartment. The words of the manager of the Charlie Hall building accidentally when Stan or Ollie followed him and asked for advice. ("Can you help me find the basement?" Stan asks) - "Of course, you shouldn't miss it - it's below!" Who knows what he commented stupidly); And Cramer's offenses against his two hostage slaves. He called Ollie "Dizzy" and Stan "Daffy" (referring to Dean Dean of the St. Louis Cardinals of the 1930s - see Dan Dailey THE PRIDE OF ST LOUIS) Cramer has a boy cooking for him - and they make synthetic food. (Shoelaces for spaghetti etc.) to make him sick to overcome When he realized what they had done, he forced them to eat their own food. Their reaction is excellent. <br /> <br /> SAPS AT SEA is not in the top of the movie Laurel & Hardy, but it is a good movie overall and a good summary for the best year. their Film career (1927 - 1940) When they were with Hal Roach for a couple of years before appearing boys and cockroaches, there were serious problems related to production costs. (Our relationship with Stan is a producer in the movie) Art problems (scenes from Swiss MISS were cut meaningfully) and the arguments as promised Ollie appearance with Harry Langdon in ZENOBIA) Stan and Ollie comes back with THE FLYING DEUCES which produce non Roach But as Boris Morros, in terms both of the A CHUMP AT OXFORD and SAPS AT SEA concluded. Arguments and problems Unfortunately, they never found a movie relationship that followed with a satisfying producer like it used to be.
