Jacknife is a war movie that is far from war as far as war movies get. It can hardly be classified as a war movie because the only way that any war affects the story or character is in their memory, and even these things we almost never showed. It raises interesting questions about life, especially in the way that the film's slogan says that there is only one that is really alive. (And anyway, even though the slogan means Dave (Ed Harris) and Megs (Robert DeNiro). It is talking about the three characters in the movie.) Dave and Megs are friends in the Vietnam War and Megs returns to take Dave out on a fishing trip that they have planned for longer. <br /> <br /> DeNiro delivers the perfect performance of Megs' characters that we are not sure if we should like or if he is crazy like Martha thinks he is. Dave warned Martha many times that Mek was not his friend who he knew. There was a wonderful scene at the beginning of the movie with Megs grabbing six beer from his car to eat breakfast and he was close to the corner. When Dave talked about this, Megs stopped for a moment and then walked in. In the room with a smile and a huge greeting It can't be until you know how Megs must feel when he hears it because he is the person who has to remember what they planned today. It reminds me of the oldness of the people, "Of course, let's do it." The things people often say do not plan to do anything. <br /> <br /> Ed Harris gives Great performances like Dave, which had never been affected by the war against him. Although many years later he was still unable to overcome the death of a friend during the war, blaming himself to this day and causing his life to be immersed in alcohol, cigarettes and loneliness. What he wants is someone who will leave him alone. This is not a person who lives the way he wants, no matter how many people will leave him alone or not. He is a person who tries to forget that he is still alive to separate himself from the world of life as much as possible. <br /> <br /> His sister Martha reminded me of myself, at least in terms of my roommates. I have two roommates who are 21 and 24 years old, and both act like they are still with their mother, expecting their clutter to disappear when they leave the room for a while. One (The older one is sad enough) There is no clue how to take care of myself. I was surprised to not have to wipe the chin while he ate. Martha had to do the same thing with her brother, which she waited for her hands and feet as he staggered throughout his life from one hangover to another. Martha and Dave are trapped in a life that is still silent and cannot go out until a big change, and Dave is the one who needs to change. <br /> <br /> I always complain about love. In the movie that it is not as much as Roger Ebert complains about the device, these pathetic little tensions are reading red digital data. But in this case, I don't think that the love that develops between Megs and Martha will have a negative effect on the rest of the movie. On the other hand, it makes it more interesting because it is unpredictable. The problem with the romantic subplot in Bruckheimer's movie and whatever they predicted that you will wait until the end is clear and hope that something interesting will happen on the way. However, in this case, it is unclear whether something has happened between Mek and Martha because we do not know enough about Meg. Martha may have been right about him that he was one of Dave's crazy war friends and he wasn't the type of person she should date. Dave definitely supports this idea. <br /> <br /> (Spoiler) A couple of years after this movie, DeNiro made Cape Fear, where he played illegal criminal penalties to get revenge on lawyers in jail. he In retrospect, making it easy to think that perhaps at the end of Jacknife Martha realizes her mistake, eliminating Megs and her and Dave, because he saved her life from a terrible relationship and then he decided. Will clean up his actions Because he did something good for her I half expect this to happen, so I was surprised when Martha and Mags gathered together and were even more surprised when Meg asked all the questions about what they planned to do after. The war ends. <br /> <br /> Sometimes this is a slow-moving drama. But Jack Nive is having fun together and receives huge rewards at the end. At the end of the movie, the mood is almost beyond the rest of the movie. But it is very good that it will not make the thing that the film was successful at that point Everyone involved gives a great performance and is one of those rare movies that makes you want to stand up and shake your fist in the air.
