The combination of reading Novella and watching this movie inspires my wife and me to a new level. Not long ago I was pondering the message that the artist Thomas Thomas Kinkade wrote in his inspiring book. He said: "You and I are not designed to breathe the cold air of traffic. Five o'clock in the morning, I do not think that God has television programs, repetitive advertising, advertising media, buying worthless products and mental pollution when he Create a universe .. "I never saw" a river flowing through "In the next few years But after pondering Kinkade's statement, what made me watch movies with spiritual eyes I watched it and saw the new world of this film and it inspired me to read the book (must read). I'm always frustrated in Southern California. But still stuck in a materialistic society The film presents a view of how we should really experience God's creation. The combination of Macleans' story and my desire to move back to the northwest led me to move to Montana. I want my future children to be able to landscape, go fishing with me, ride a horse, go somewhere But opened a quiet land and lake in the mountains A place where you don't worry about crime, I look around SoCal and what I see is the rude department stores that are rude in their Mercedez Bens. Vehicles are many miles on the freeway, where gangs, gangs, racial chaos are about. The violent eruption <br /> Anyway, this movie inspires superbly with great performances and profound stories about The connection to the vulnerability of the people you love. There are many ideas in this movie. The scenery is worth watching alone and actually helps relieve the tension. You should make this movie relaxed. But full of insights into your own life People with compassion, wit and spirit must truly understand the meaning. If you do not understand art, movies and the way the director achieves his goals through dialogue, tone, color, scenery, camera / movement, etc., then this movie may not be suitable for audiences who think "The Fast and the Furious" is a movie. Greatest It's true that it's fun. But shallow. <br /> <br /> Bottom line: This movie helps to realize that life isn't about the amount of money you have or what you have. Quite about your relationship with family and friends and the experiences you share together Quality is not quality
