'The Italian' is one of the great films or close to the year 1915 that is currently available. This year is a turning point for the lengthy film, especially in America: 'Hypocrites' by Lois Weber, Cecil B. DeMille 'The Cheat' and of course D.W. Griffith's The Birth of a Nation creates new standards for art. In addition, that year, the Russian filmmaker Yevgeny Bauer created two of his best images: 'After Death' and 'Daydreams'. The French version of 'Les Vampires' is a favorite of the day. This, although I do not agree. The emergence of a lengthy documentary film led by Europe, mainly Denmark, France and Italy. But the dominance of this market and to a certain extent, art changed in the Atlantic Ocean in 1915. <br /> <br /> The most important artistic achievement of 'The Italian' is a beautiful and often innovative film. There is a beautiful sunset, a mobile phone frame, including a short right angle shot of an Italian car race to buy a wedding ring and another shot of him holding a moving car and generally using camera angles and experts. Which is a wide variety of light throughout the picture, especially amazing, is a close-up image of Italy as he approaches the camera to take close-ups, according to DW Griffith's Musketeers of Pig Alley (1912 ) He was angry with his surroundings, even though he began to shake his anger. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the filmmakers seem to be unknown, the director originally had no credit for the movie now. It is known that Reginald Barker Today, there are five other films that have been made for Ince, but there is still no 'civilization' (1916), which he worked on as a major creation. But is a film that has a deep flaw By the way, I guess one or more of the movies that work on 'civilization' still shoot 'Italy'. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> In addition, all production is advanced. So much for that time Venice and New York have good results, although this film will be filmed in Los Angeles. (For a romantic Venice story) and San Francisco (For New York's slums) There are many incidents, although perhaps one or two people are too much. I like the intelligent storytelling frame, especially when being read in the book by the character played by George Baeb, the leading actor in the storyteller. Reading the story will be briefly framed by opening at the beginning and closing the curtain off the theater curtain, which is reflected in the interior story between the highest revenge in the children's room by opening and closing. Of window blinds Parallel editing The built-in camera will dissolve and become iris and have been handled professionally. In addition, Beban and Clara Williams as his wife play well. <br /> <br /> On the other hand 'The Italian 'has a slight disadvantage. The first moments of the film were the clash of comedy movies, somewhat incompatible with the back of the violent and harsh melodrama, even though the environmental changes from I Lee, the romantic to the nature in New York, it works well for the most part. The severe breakdown of the American dream in this film, which has been enhanced by photography entirely, must be severely affected by the immigrant class, which consists of an incredibly large population of the public. In this movie The character of Corrigan is probably more predictable; His brief introduction to the campaign of other politicians seems to be insufficient to be central to the revenge of Italy. In addition, filmmakers have both medical and inability to explain the lack of infant breastfeeding and beliefs that do not guarantee the healing power for other children. In addition to the shortcomings in the plot, 'The Italian' was created exceptionally well.
