Have you ever seen a graduate? It is regarded as a movie of that time. But the river flows through it, a story about every generation Long before Dustin Hoffman's character was wrapped in a modern suburban trap, his brother Norman Maclean and Paul were facing the same pressure when growing up. Where they try to find a place in the world However, places like Post WW1 Montana will be the venue for American families. When the Wild West has not completely disappeared, what does Maclean have in that deep attack on what we all are? And what we have to pass to find ourselves? When the film opens, Norman is an old man who flies beside the rising river trying to understand his own life path. This movie is truly a journey through his consciousness to the present time and back when he was a child. He and his brother Paul were the sons of Presbyterian ministers and dedicated mothers. Parents fit their roles warmly. Mother takes care of home and house Father did the work of God. Children pondered what they would be when they grew up. Norm's story is narrowing down to the boxer or priest, like his father. When he was chosen, Paul was a little boxer because he told the first choice of the Pro Fly Fishman that didn't exist. The boys grew up and had problems with their prank. Fight to see who is strong and do what the brothers do all the time to join the church and participate in other spiritual matters such as Flying. They are at a similar point in their lives before college. But when Norm came back from six years in Dartmouth, things were a lot. Paul was at the top of his game. Master flyfisherman, college graduates and nearby newspaper journalists who knew all the police in the rhythm and Every judge on the bench Norman received excellent education for his day. But there was little thought about what to do with his life, even when his father roasted him about what he intended to do. You are left feeling that at least for Pops, God will call you to go to work in your life. But you have to be open and ready to accept it - for the rest of your life, Father brought his children to ponder on the river side and pondered the words of God forever. "Listen." Their father demanded it as Zen and Quakerly. Quite severe for a patient priest But with all the beauty and contemplation, and even though Macleans is a formidable family, the God who really cares about the Bible, how will Rev. Maclean's family reveal? Paul was truly perfect, as he caught fish in the river. But he felt gambling and drinking while his family didn't know how to prevent him from croaking The mother, father and brother all seemed to be quietly desperate without knowing what they should do and why they couldn't help. Polly just waved goodbye to it with his irresistible smile and charm. But his brother lost grip Norman began his life in pursuit of love and career. But Paul still postponed Dear family, he can't help. Mother, father, brother struggling in their own way, trying to help But not very effective How many loving families can handle this? How can some people be good and full of grace when living in the nature of God? But it is not suitable or unwilling to create the structure of society that God's people created for themselves This is all the questions that Norman will ponder throughout his life. The eternal words under the smooth rock of the river haunt him forever. But keep their secrets Movie looks beautiful This is a country of God, of course, and it was filmed and received an Oscar. Director Robert Redford plays the story from the book and provokes a little lecture based on the emotional style he presents and works well. But go back to read the book too You will see that Norman connects with his old man more deeply than the movie can suggest - and you will see the place where the words of the storyteller circulated vehemently and immediately sang out in front of the river. Flowing through Is a foreign matter
