I have read short stories by Norman Maclean and this film is fair to Norman's writing. My husband tends to read it from time to time and I read it over and over again. We have many videos of Redford's movies and we have watched. "The river flows through it" many times. Redford is part of "famdamily" while he is around. We never get bored with Redford's perception of Norman Maclean's writings and the beauty of Montana. The script reminds me of Raise your self very much because my father has the same call as Mr. McLean's father as "the river flows through it." "Methodist is a Baptist that can be read." Not Has the story But I think that's a joke! My husband and I read the Baptist very well. <br /> <br /> I've heard film critics say that the rhythm of this movie is too slow. I do not agree. It's one of the search for inner peace. This is a type of movie that will remind you of the beauty of nature in a three-stroke rhythm. Photography is outstanding! Great performance I love the scene in which Norman and Paul are kids talking and wondering whether they may be fishermen or boxers! As an adult, Paul, played by Brad Pitt (Seven), is a "perfect man" who needs help from alcoholism. But will not accept the same as Neal Burns, which uses worms as bait. He needs help But will not accept the fact that he needs help The scene in which Paul refused to eat oatmeal and everyone in the family had to wait for eternity to mention grace! Finally, after an hour, they all knelt around the table to say: "Grace!" And they all went out. But oatmeal is still on the plate! That scene that both love birds and tattoos on their posters! That's a joke! Sunburn! Drive home at Jessie Burns (Emily Lloyd), decide to travel through the train route! A beautiful conversation when Norman offered to Jesse because he wanted her to come to Chicago with him. <br /> <br /> Redford himself did a great job as a speaker. I can't stop myself from being compared to Brad Barefoot in the Park, the producer, producer, actor, who has a vision that deserves praise for the progress of He not only But in movies in the United States, but all over the world, I'm glad to be in the age of nineteen hundred because I saw the beginning of the black and white television, movies and technology and all the special techniques to watch videos at home and live in the same century as Redford. I had the opportunity to see his work. Redford doesn't want special effects to show Montana's beauty in this masterpiece. The river to me refers to the line that separates life from death, memory and reality. Redford shows the hands of the Creator beautifully and has a river flowing through.
