Coonskin may be my favorite movie. Ralph Bakshi is like his best work. It is in front of you and not ashamed for a moment. But unlike his other works (although he is his best person, who was before and after Coonskin and Heavy Traffic and Wizards), it is not that smooth despite the opposite shape. And awareness about the competition But more than that, he is doing what appears to be an independent exploitation movie. Almost bad, even though Bakshi won't stop there. If it's just blaxploitation Flick with creative animation. It may be enough for important features. But the aim of the Bakshi is higher: these strange and flaunting pitches are not just blacks. But it is an Italian / mafia, homosexual, homosexual, Jewish, Jewish, New York overall in the Manhattan area in the 70s. Actually, creating the most ordinary look in drawing "real "In fact, nude women painted red, white and blue. <br /> <br /> In these mock patterns and stereotypes and scary forms of racism - rabbits, children." Funny, funny. Plus black pages) We are looking for things that are rice fields. The great fair And best of all, Bakshi didn't take himself seriously than Spike Lee and the movie Bamboozled in sending his message. This is the reason why most Coonskin is a work that has sudden images and things that make and twist and of course the scenes of awkward behavior. (I like the scene in which the three animated characters are talking about By a white pair in real life in a tuxedo and "colorful" dress and dislike) too much to not laugh at It is not just an image that is in itself "beyond" - brilliant, but the screenplay is sharp and this is the key for Bakshi. In considering this time, it has a strong storytelling. <br /> <br /> Using the first live action action, then the animation and the smartest pairing of both (Ironically, what Bakshi later commercialized with Cool World was done at T with a little money and a rough edge), Pappy and Randy were waiting outside the prison wall for friends to escape and Pappy tells the story of Brother Rabbit. , With Brother Bear and Preacher Fox going to Harlem and becoming a big hoodlums with Rabbit in direct opposition to the godfather character Jabba-the-Hut-esquire Obviously, this is the removal of the Song of the South, which has a plot and animations that are deliberately happy, separated from here and showing how bad and disgusting it is. < br /> <br /> in the integration model; Animated characters standing behind and moving with action scenes; When violence and gunfire and the fighting took place, it was the blood that would have been in 1975; When the police were dirty at the bar and drugged and put on a black face and dressed, he traveled in a way that could not reach Disney with Dumbo; Boxing match with Brother Bear and opponent while Climax filmed in slow motion Occasional archived videos of some old movies and some stories from the 20s that are tasteless. <br /> <br /> eg Mel Brooks or Kubrick, or recently, South Park. Bakshi's Coonskin's function is Entertainment first And then provoked the second thought In addition, it creates a brave movie at an independent level. Everything from a long time to editing and endlessly distorted designs for characters. (All depends on the theme of the piece). All serving ideas in the script that B's movie plot opens up for more interpretation. If you want to call that racist class, miss the point. It's like calling Dr. Strangelove, loneliness, pro-atoms or slavery of the PAD And for me it is one of the best satires ever made
