Finally, after watching the songs of South Walt Disney on myspace, I decided to watch Ralph Bakshi's response to the Coonskin-on Afro Video movie that I linked from Google Video in this period during live action. Preacherman (Charles Gordone) brought his friend Sampson (Barry White) to accompany him to get Pappy (Scatman Crothers) and Randy (Philip Thomas, the year before he added Michael for his middle name like a professional) while the two fled from jail During their efforts, Pappy told Randy to tell the story of Rabbit. (Thomas' voice), Brother Bear (white) and fox preacher (Gordon) and Harlem adventures As expected in these efforts of Bakshi, there is a combination of animation and live action that gives a unique perspective from the writer / director that will definitely offend some people. Another interesting animated character is the huge Miss America, in every white blonde woman who wears red, white, blue and blue stars and stripes that capture men. Little black skin, the most intense way in sex that makes me shockingly funny! There are many scenes that have sprinkled throughout the picture, which has another scene about the anatomy in front of Brother Bear as well. There is also a section of a woman telling her child that "cockroaches". She is a friend to someone who left her that touched that part. It seemed to be a tribute to the artist George Herriman. 't No Sunshine "by Grover Washington Jr., which is part of the score The most interesting part of the picture is to see Scatman showing the picture of his head in the silhouette during the opening of the song and opening the song in which he uses the N-word in a satirical manner. When I saw the film's VHS cover several years ago, it shows that Brother Rabbit is in a cocky mode in front of what looks like Warner's circle, along with the slogan. "This movie will offend everyone." That is enough warning for everyone who thinks all cartoons are for children. Who said that I would like to introduce Coonskin to Bakshi fans and all the animation
