The amazing perception arises when there are some phenomena occurring !! Whether firecrackers are witnesses of the devastating hurricane, everything in its path or for other exciting events !! In the case of the Maclean family, the reveille is something that is less complicated than their daily lives .. Montana in the early twentieth century is a rough and tumble environment ... The Maclean family consists of four The servant father who drives the ideology to support the family appropriately His wife is a God who is afraid and follows his duties. Two boys are very good ... BOYS !! .. You can say anything ... Brad Pitt shows in this movie before he really is !! Brad Pitt and his performance in this film is amazingly little !!! !!! His brother, Norman, is a person in the brain. He feels the emotions that are genuine and inspired by The set of values ​​that Missoula, Montana agrees with !! Paul (Brad Pitt) is not suitable from the position and lives on the edge ... You will think that Montana in the 1920s had no such thing. In any way, gambling, drinking and violent encounters are part of Paul is his fly fishing rod !! Fly Fishing !! Did I say that? This is the core of the theme of this movie !! The recreation of fly fishing serves as a strong bond that makes the spirit of the relatives of Klein and the lower level of father !! I will explain the acting in this movie that is incredibly believable and the movie has more than a feeling .. Put it in this way, everyone who sees this movie will want to be in Montana .. The amazing movie work Amazingly bluer than the blue mountains and streams. And the gushing that the brothers and sisters had had throughout their lives ... You almost never saw in any movie the feeling that would call the stubborn stubbornness to do what it might be that someone wishes Will make .. brothers, clean, better or worse, father knows that this will be the only way they both will become men !! ... Robert Redford directed this movie And tell stories Maclean, through the perspective of Norman brother ... Norman was offered a position at the University of Chicago at the age of 26 and married a woman he always loved ... what the movie is still Point out that Paul, the brother, has achieved his own nt success by being a great example of an amazing fisherman !! The seedier side of life prevails in the existence of a brother and exerts a form of fear for the Maclean family !! As for most human defects, the Maclean family makes the light of the rapids (letters) and therefore creates harmony as a family by inserting the blinders needed !!! <br /> <br /> At the end of the movie "River Runs Through It" presents a summary of life through the eyes of a brother .. For Norman Klein, the Stoicism is necessary for his perseverance during his past years !! The fate is mostly caused by the fact that pondering his life is equal to yearning for those who have passed away! The lovely memories of his brother, wife, mother and father must be considered philosophical !! For Norman, his life was relegated to the stubborn facts, which determined the suspicious view and precarious corrections! Something that is as simple as saying "This is your life and that is the way you live" is a remembrance of happiness, sorrow, regret and the love that he gives and is the recipient !! The best thing in the last sermon he heard was that his father gave him. His father said that "We can love someone without understanding them" .. Whether you agree with what is happening in your life or not. Norman Maclean must come to grips with the fact that his life is separated by misunderstanding! Norman MacLean became an eighty-year-old with a polarized deterioration by the conclusion of his life !! The dark water of the beautiful river of Montana serves as a vicious conclusion to his year on earth !! Without questions, rich text of "Things seem really complicated, very simple." Exploring a very intense message in this film ... just put ... People and places that are important in Norman's life are now just a bittersweet. Remember .... It is only a painful intellectual lament of the events that exacerbated Montana's haunted waters and beautiful streams ... which for the whole family clean. "All things together and the river flows through"
