A lot of people hate Mick Garris who feels that he can't direct quality horror movies if he wants to. And SLEEPWALKERS (the screenplay written by Stephen King) is often used as an example of this. I like SLEEPWALKERS even though I Will realize that Garris recently said that F # ck and let all hell fall out for about fifteen minutes or more in the movie Forget the character development or plot that needs them anyway. It's about violent physical abuse and bloodshed as a mother and son. "Sleepwalker" (.. A mammal that is a human being that sucks life from the innocent. The virgins move from one city to another. Tourist attractions for teenagers who do not give up without a fight Before everyone spoke and done, many people would be killed as if the mother would not tolerate the death that might occur to her beloved son. <br /> <br /> Garris wasted little time setting up to be executed. As a teacher (Glenn) Shadix), the suspect was cast by Charles Brady. All American people were different from what he claimed to tear his hands and tear his neck. Charles lures beautiful virgins in his arms, pulling their energy on the other hand, "eating" his starving mother Mary (Alice Krige). A fresh new goal is Tanya Robertson (Mädchen Amick ) And it seems that she is an easy person But this was not the case and when Charles was seriously injured in the fight (.. Thank you to Clovis's cat), Mary's vengeance deputy will be harvested in everyone who follows her way. Mary came to hell or the high water would pull Tanya in the goal of "Refreshing" her dying son <br /> <br /> Like many teenagers, I was fascinated by many actresses that I watched in movies like Amy Dolenz. Lovely in this movie and I like that she bites her lower lip, showing a clear charm to Charles, unaware of his hidden motives. I just realized that Mädchen Amick would be designated as a screaming queen. But this will not be so Too bad because I welcome her in the form of open arms. <br /> <br /> Krige is a scary, scary, sexy person. But vicious and nasty In one fell swoop, in less than ten minutes She stabbed her back with a corncob! She bites the poor fingers of Ron Perlman before breaking his arms (.. the bones that protrude) make him unconscious with his elbow! She threw Tanya's mother through the window after breaking the rose vase over her father's face! Lieutenant Governor was stabbed in his ear by Charles. (Cop-kebab!), Falling on a pencil for special effects Tanya was dragged from her hair from her house by Mary, driving to Brady's house and being forced to dance suddenly with a deformed monster! The sheriff rushed into the fence and saw that the cat fought with the sleepwalker, unlike humans. We see Mary and Charles's ability to "narrow" himself and his car using the power of invisibility. Writer Stephen King also finds time to unite him and his horror friends in the crime scene with Clive Barker and Tobe Hooper as a forensic officer. Joe Dante and John Landis are experts in photography. <br /> <br /> This movie is Shot in the manner of a tongue cheek, allowing it all to hang out with the music correctly. It is a matter of simple violence with crazy behavior and black-black humor that is consistent with the direction of Garris and the king's screenplay. The corner of the sleepwalker is the subject of vibrations and in front of you. This is a way that is closer to the degenerate MAXIMIMUM OVERDRIVE than his serious work.
