Batman and Superman are striking a better part of the century-old. Who doesn't know these two, there must be countless fans who have to die to make a movie about them. Sandy Collora went ahead and put an example for the movie. (Which does not exist and is not created by this team less) perhaps the thing that will happen most is how it polished Throughout the movie, it was stable. Editing is a hotspot The production value, although there are costumes that look more like their cartoons than the movies that have these characters, are quite high. It looks quite "Hollywood", this type of physical trailer is suitable for every character I can tell. The line is written reasonably. The shooting was well considered, successful and effective. However, this thing has problems and even looks good. But it does not match Grayson's energy and ability (Which has a problem of shaking up between short and trailer as well) is a delusional passion that leads to the inclusion of characters and ideas too). The performance may be the most obvious. Not good. Even some people who have only one line and / or appear on the screen can hardly manage to fail to deliver good performance. Selected actors in different parts seem to be more selective that they look like the characters they play more than their abilities. Then write Actually, the plot, Er, what is a small amount? (That and this character gathered Have problems in identifying characteristics While most characters seem to be compatible, Two-Face is as good as a madman. (Which is quite easy as I understand, not the character that is) while he is in Batman forever (and has your work about describing any elements of the Batman universe compared to Joe's efforts El Schumacher is regarded as the most insulting to fans.) In addition, putting the characters in this story will make a comparison between this movie preview and that movie. (Honestly, Collora * begs * because it has a similar first revelation) and will face it every time. Respect. Michael Antonik doesn't have a screen that Tommy Lee Jones did and makeup. (In which such disclosure is necessary) is not as strong as the movie (Whether good or not) movies are other things) The sad thing is that while Fiorella (John Grayson creator) seems to be in more cartoons and gives them a better depth. (Not talking about possession, more ability Grayson has enough content for half a dozen documentaries or more. Collora seems to be a movie that has access to capital and is more likely to have contacts. (Because there is a non-indie credit in his work), there is a shock that has actually qualified out of his trailer I intend to look at Collora's other work, but Fiorella is one of the two people that I intend to work the most. I recommend this to the fans of the characters. 7/10
