I heard about this movie when watching VH1's "100 Most Most Moments" as part of Gene Simmons (who plays as a cameo) and many interviewers talk about how scary this movie is. Unlike most people, I always wanted to know about checking movies that are famous for being ridiculously bad than talking about movie masterpieces. The advantage of having that attitude is half the time that I find that the movie is nowhere near as bad as people say and in the end I enjoy them more than I expected. That was my experience with "Trick or Treat". It is now difficult to create a movie about a teenage boy who received a message from a dead heavy metal star by playing one of his ancient records. The latter without being mocked at the location Of course, it is strange evidence. But never had anyone done it before! Rate the filmmakers with the initiative for the benefit of Pete! If you are looking to buy a DVD that does not have a movie knowledge before, do not be fooled into thinking that Ozzy Osbourne and Gene Simmons are stars You (That is the Reverend !!) which speaks out against heavy metals. For one thing, it's a joke that saw Ozzy with short hair and the other you couldn't help. But laughed at Of course, it's a cheap shot. But is a powerful shock The performance is quite good. I found a reliable show The characters that teenagers have horrifying ancient ideas So expect to have an array of sports and nerds as usual, and just like in every movie, a beautiful woman is a good person who has sympathy for the exotic protagonists. But continued to go out with her boyfriend continuously Why did she go out with a complete jerk at first? Because the story needs obstacles No other reason But I can not deny that one of my misunderstandings is watching bad sports in these movies since I was evicted in high school. This movie is mostly interested in me. But the third scene is too ordinary and makes me open my eyes because there is a predictable situation. But overall, this movie is not bad and should be worth watching on a rainy day (7 out of 10).
