There is no doubt that the best heavy metal horror movie created in the 80's of headbangin, which is considered to be very bad when considering that this movie is very scary. "Hard Rock Zombies" "Blood Tracks," "Terror on Tour" and Jon-Mikl Thor, starring con artists, especially "Rock'n'Roll Nightmare" tend to be In addition, this also deserves props for downplaying excessive water splashing and sudden sudden f / x razzle-dazzle. Special in focusing on the characters in the teenage high school that is more violent and possible than the norm for mid-80s scarefest goals. Moreover, the satire of this film makes both metal and heavy metal. Of the 80s, foolishness and the abominable righteousness of the fanatical conservative who claimed to be the song of the wise and moneyy devil. Osbourne had Comedy as a TV broadcaster with a metal anti-stain! <br /> <br /> Marc Price (who is desperate by dweeby Skippy in "Family Ties") gives a strong performance and surprisingly wins like Eddie "Ragman" Weinbauer, geeky, awkward society And violent tyrannical pleasures who were continuously picked up by bullies preppie bullies that make up the majority of the student body at high school, Lakeridge (the cruelty and courage of high school children) nailed with that precision Convincing Hold the pain.) Eddie's life worsens when the idol star Sammi Curr (Tony's field that is striking out) is ruined in the hotel fire. Hip, local DJ, Nuke (Kissing Man-Gene, Gene Simmons in the Cold Pendant), Eddie with Sammi's last unreleased album, which, when played backward, revives Curr's evil spirit back from his death. Sammi supports Eddie. He sic in the vile scumbags that make Eddie's poor life a hell of a proverbial life, just for the humble Eddie to prove to be the most willing accomplice. It is up to Eddie, who is assisted by a beautiful girl like Leslie Graham (essay by lovely Lisa Orgolini) to stop Sammi before things go out of hand. <br /> <br /> Directed by talent. Commendable The actor Charles Martin Smith (who briefly appeared as a school teacher) was originally written by Michael S. Murphy, Joel Soisson and Rhet Topham and performed by popular actors. usually With a good number of "jump" moments (The evil attack on the back of the car by the rate of mutations that transformed into a terrifying, speechless language as a definite highlight), "Carrie" style of killing of high school. Use the Halloween setting, revenge, being shown correctly as a truly ugly business and important messages that you should not make people who are hypnotized, especially your hero, strictly because of Resist the anti r special status
