The best movie in the battle of San Antonio, Texas in March 1836 was THE ALAMO, John Wayne's epic 1960, in a single shot as a producer that gave him a temporary financial position. He showed that he had the ability to create a movie other than the ability to show his icon in the Western identity. <br /> <br /> In the review the night before and I pointed out that Wayne and Gem Edward Grant (screenwriter) captures some issues that are rarely mentioned in previous films about fighting. They brought slaves. Finally they talked about the involvement of the local Mexican landowner Juan Seguin as a key leader in the War for Freedom by Crockett Bowie, Travis Austin and Houston. <br /> <br /> But there is one weakness. In the movie, Wayne works hard to show it correctly by thinking of many people who have a leading role in it. But he did not deal with the chief of enemy forces like General Antonio de Santa Anna The role played by an unclear actor Ruben Padilla (on this board, his posts show only three credits). Padilla doesn't have a dialog box that speaks. (Even in Spanish) and while he had one of the last matches in the movie, he showed that it was a silent tyrant, observing the burning of the bodies of Americans and their allies. <br /> <br /> Although there are many good alternatives in Selection of actors in this television movie (The Alamo: Thirteen Days to the CLORY). It is the best movie to show who this man is (from 1836 to 1854). Bogie leaders from American policy makers. Raul Julia is an excellent stage actor. I was lucky to see him in production. (In the late 1980s) of ARMS and THE MAN in Manhattan as Sergius He's never bored and always gives his first position in the show. <br /> <br /> Here we see his worst monster. There is nothing acceptable that is not consistent with the wishes or activities of Santa Anna. It may be the failure of the order in the army to bring some things that he had requested quickly, or it may be a nasty thing. These "foreign bandits" (as he saw Americans) without falling down to themselves "in the west" <br /> <br /> Santa Anna was the president of Mexico five or six times. Between 1830 to 1855, he claimed that he was involved in the overthrow of the first president because that president was not in the country's constitution. But it is the power that keeps him still year-on-year It was a sad comment that he was an important person in the history of Mexico in the last two decades. There is no political figure or any military body that will replace him until Benito Juarez will do it in the late 1850s. Initially, he claims that the great liberal ideology. But once he admitted that people in Mexico were children who needed advice for one hundred years before they could rule themselves. (So ​​he looks like Gilbert Roland in CRISIS Ferrer) The amazing thing about him is he tries to come back. His policy is a disaster. As we know about his attacks in Texas (To put up a riot there) he tried to expand into Guatemala. (And may see himself controlling much of Central America) he wins at Alamo But there are many expenses His massacre at Lt. Col. Fannin at Goliad was forgiven (anyone could be the destroyer of the Alamo who fought against the defender but Fannin surrendered). Then the disaster of San Jacinto arrived. His army was eliminated. (He failed to take adequate precautions to see the American troops). He was arrested and humiliated and forced to sign a surrender of Texas. Houston was kind to him: the soldiers wanted to bind him. <br /> <br /> Except for the loss of his leg in the fight against France in 1838, he managed not to hurt most of his war. He denied the forced surrender of Texas. But can't do it by military He would lead Mexico to the defeat of the war in 1846 - 48 against the Americans instead. The United States is "good" enough to pay Mexico $ 15,000,000 for the Southwest. But Mexico lost half of the territory He was to be the last president in the year 1853, at the time to make the administration of Franklin Pierce not terrible. It was a time of glory - Santa Anna sold the border to Arizona and New Mexico (the "Buy Gadsden") with the United States (not even Porfirio Diaz) makes his country very valuable (Diaz sells to business interests from abroad But he built up the Mexican economy.) He was exiled in 1855 and settled in Staten Island. There he was able to do the most creative work: he introduced Chicle to the United States and it became a chewing gum. Some achievements! <br /> <br /> Santa Anna Julia is younger than the ridicule and the planner who became the best land agent in America. He will not stand to resist and jump into his furious emotions in no time. Most of his assistant chief Pol.Col. Black (David Ogden Stein, this Englishman) holds his tongue - he doesn't want to be in front of the shooting team as it should be. But stare less than his superior. At the end, when alone with the dead widow of the defender Alamo, Stiers suggests that they tell the world what Santa Anna is. And they do!
