I have to admit that I often find it difficult to watch Antonioni movies from the beginning to the end at first, and even though I am now, I ended up watching three parts on repeated occasions. That sometimes it is better because it forces me to stop thinking about the plot of the story, and enjoy the scene one by one. <br /> <br /> The first part seems to be more fragmented, which is not bad Just bad Need more effort in tracking Upon reaching the desert scene, all efforts will be paid back entirely. The dramatic filming is only part of what really makes everyone forget that the landscape is created so much, its silence and its vastness, feelings of sadness and freedom, the way it fuses and breaks. Unlike the two small characters, the desert is dead. But at the same time, it felt far less distant and alien than the scene in the city at first. Dancing between the flying planes and the girl's car makes it a great image. The love scene in the desert is so beautiful, it's hard to imagine how this kind of movie in our time. Of course, there are some things that are very stylish and educational about them. But at the same time, they are able to express their own natural purity which is rare in this day. Everything feels loose and unconditional. (Thank you for the improper performances) but that is the result of the attention to detail and the crazy style that reached the top in the series of explosions at the end. It makes you shocking. <br /> <br /> I don't care about the usual objections: boredom - yes, if you want every movie to follow a classic and tightly developed plan. With a distorted action movie But if every movie theater is like that, it will be boring and truly sad, pretentious - perhaps, but when that ambition combined with real skills, depth and style Criticism "Political" makes me feel the least. I do not see the purpose of approaching such a movie with an idealistic blind person. It just eliminates the purpose. Perhaps it was the fact that Antonioni had watched the previous post as 'hippies' and the politics of protests and riots with the police with the passion of foreigners. But I think it adds something It is not true that the hippies do not exist in Italy at that time. (Think of the protests '68 as in France), although they are clearly different from the Americans. But his interest in this film is not limited to politics. The event seems like an excuse for a film that is universal and timeless. <br /> <br /> Special mention for the top soundtrack. visit Above all, this film, along with Easy Rider, may be one of the most important precursors of contemporary 'artsy' music videos, including the concept of the movie soundtrack that will stand on its own. Use music in a more profound way, combined with a landscape rather than action. <br /> <br /> If you want to tell a traditional story in a movie, you don't have to worry. If you want to be stunned, be patient and you won't regret.
