When this film was created, the hippie thing went to the core. The idea of ​​anti-culture is well accepted. That's the reason why big films can be created. Even though there is something to say and it is really beautiful. In addition to those who are waiting for wanking materials only, this film also receives credit for beautiful scenes. (Which in itself has more than enough reason to watch movies) has the most soundtrack for this film, which actually became more popular than the movie itself, is another plus Pink Floyd's "Be careful with the ax. Eugene "is really suitable for the explosion. The lack of music in other scenes makes the movie calm but good. It seems that the message in this film is mostly overlooked. If you do not understand, which seems to be the case in most cases, I will give you some advice: a man (someone who is grueling, his name is a mark) is part of He left this group by saying, "I'm happy to die, but not boredom." After that, he set out to travel with a stolen plane that might be some action. While he was in the air playing Dark Star Grateful Dead's (from the live / dead album) (I think). This song has the phrase "We will go with you and me as we can." (Perhaps stretching far beyond what is meant to be necessary?) In the plane, he examines the woman (Daria), who drives her to the meeting. (Giving a chance for a typical suburban family to live in the most relaxing place in the desert, where everything is simple and good for the whole family!) By diving down, almost colliding with the car. Detroit They stop at Zabriskie Point, where they enjoy life and nature. Later, a family with a big car (The way you sleep) and the speedboat to the Zabriskie spot. Father said something like "The thing that makes me lose my drive here" and the child sitting in the car smiling. I feel "This is not better than on TV." Psychedelic by changing the identification number to "There is no war" on the other side and "no words" on the other side "Bucks Sucks" also written on the plane. Mark takes the plane back to the point where he stole to speak to Daria before he left. "I don't risk anything" or something, one of many hints that he doesn't care about his fate too much. (This is because he has the feeling that the surrounding environment doesn't give anything to him - "I wonder what happened in the real world"). On the airport, he met a police officer who shot him, even though he had just returned. Daria heard about it on the radio. But decided to go to a meeting in a luxurious mansion Here she feels alien after an adventure with a friend who just killed her. She enjoys the fresh water that flows down into the rock rather than the pool. Inside the house, the audience will receive advice about anti-materialism again - she looks out at the glass wall, holding her hand on the mirror like being trapped. Businessmen agree, one party wants to do another big thing, afraid of losing money. Daria left the house and turned and looked at it and saw that it exploded. After the house, there are many other things going on, such as television. She smiles happily as she destroys herself after meeting Mark, seeing it as a negative thing. <br /> <br /> To conclude: Mark clearly touches "Fact group" which is not very useful Speak without doing anything Obviously he had a bad feeling about the things that existed and it seemed that he felt that it was useless in fighting it. He wants to leave He helped Daria, who "was in his heart but didn't act" when he saw his view. When his feelings are wrong, leading to his death, anyone can hope that Daria uses his ideas in a more creative way. In the movie, you see how the city (LA) has pollution from trade. (Terrible, you have to show ads to get the point.) You see, businessmen decide what the future is and you see people unhappy. With these and other situations that are part of the modern world. <br /> <br /> I've watched this movie only once, so I didn't get all the points. But I can feel what this movie is talking about And I think it's strange that this movie can be called meaningless If you say that the point is too obvious, I can see why this movie might be intended to attract hippie post-"dig" ideas of anti-establishment. Although there are many things to say and still want to be the substance of today, things that develop in the same direction that happened before the sixties. Zabriskie Point is a really great movie telling stories about young people. The girl is quite normal. (Not far from the hippies that stumble at the toe to the top of the acid, dig everything). Look for what they see as being really dissatisfied with the assembly. And it is done in a truly beautiful way
