I said it was one of the movies. "Whether you like it or don't like it" I like it very clearly. The hippie era, symbol, date and easy and all So I may have no taste when talking about Antonioni, but this and La Notte (done ten years ago) are my favorites in his movie until now. Two years before I was born, Zabriskie Point was supposed to be Michelangelo's great American epic, but it clearly became a failure. I don't see why Before watching, I read that it was quite boring, so I held myself for the movie very slowly - even though I loved my movie slowly. For my taste, Zabriskie doesn't have a boring time. While watching it, I noted that Europeans were part of the director's use of billboards often in every city in the city. Large billboards that cover every human body. This unique visual element is clearly underlined by popular consumption methods that crush individuals in American society. But after that I watched L'Eclisse immediately after that, which was in Rome in the early 60s, and noticed that Antonioni often included advertising banners as well. Finally, the use of architectural landscapes and inanimate objects in each frame, with or without humans, is the trademark Antonioni? This is how he motivates the psychological status of his character precisely with less power and great visual impact. He is unparalleled in this ability. <br /> <br /> Zabriskie Point shows two attractive leaderboards that will likely become a star in the 70s but never did. Mark Frechette, whom I saw in the movie The story of WWI, named by Francesco Rosi, Uomini Contro, had a tragic life and died at the age of 27. According to his biography, he donated $ 60,000 from Zabriskie to the Daria Halprin community. Mark's actors apparently As Dennis Hopper's wife later has the natural beauty and attractiveness of the young Ornella Muti, one of the glowing beauty that does not require makeup to change his head. Like Frechette, she only has movies. Two stories that are vague and never a star But at least she didn't die sadly The most notable point is that Zabriskie Point has one of the most original sex scenes ever filmed, one scene that makes sense of youthful playfulness like a few houses I've seen. It may be the most boring sequence ever filmed, as long as its symbol appears. But I can not see that everyone can deny the beauty and wonderful feeling of emotional release. The explosion never looked good and the poem It seems like a bomb that restored peace instead of bringing chaos.
