There are a few times that I watch movies and go "What?" But this is one of them. Maybe after seeing Zabriskie Point, I felt the same way that Woody Allen felt after seeing 2001. He just liked this movie after seeing it three times over a two-year period, realizing that the creator. The movie is ahead of him in what happened. Michelangelo Antonioni, one of the few people trying to make a movie in the United States (after the Red Desert, he exploded this film, China and The P All assenger was filmed outside Italy. I felt that he had almost tried it. To learn about the country's methods through his expertise of the media The results show that he does not lack the means to present images, feelings, tones, colors and visual expressions in this era. "The duty of the director is to see," Antonioni once said, no matter what it means, he does not disappoint for those who like post-Fifty works. (I said that post Fifty because I haven't seen any of his movies before L'Avventura) <br /> <br /> What he lacks is at least the point he can make. Born a blast - and eclipse. You get a sense of what is around these characters, what are the themes that bring to their consciousness. But in this case, the characters and the actors do not bring much confidence or purpose. Antonioni comes from a school that is suffering, making neo-realistic movies, doing what he can with non-professional actors. Most of him (Those who look like real actors will get the role of the characters in the organization) Mark Frechette, two stars and Daria Halprin. It seems Antonioni will direct them. Maybe that's the point. The story is divided into three actions without being confused because Mark escaped from the brutality of dangerous university life in the LA area in the late 1960s and Daria was sent out of LA to drive to Phoenix to Business meeting They met accidentally while Mark's plane (How can he know how to drive? There may be a little background information there.) And Daria's car meets and they spend time together in the deserts of the desert. In addition to the mesmerizing sex scenes, if the strange sex scenes, most of these actions are not very interesting. <br /> <br /> Both sales opportunities are fair enough to be watched. But what attracts them to each other apart from curiosity? The idea came out (Some parts from the screenplay, co-written by Sam Shepard) Not too revealing except for a brief moment in which drugs and reality were brought up. Then the movie headed for the third act, while Mark decided to do the right thing under the circumstances of the disaster and Daria arrived at the place of her boss, only to be filled with discouragement. (Regardless of the last five minutes of disgrace, the movie) Although this film takes time to tell the story. But I didn't have any problems with this as much as I did. I understand and sympathize with feelings, doubts and fears, including the self-confidence of "Anti-establishment" but perhaps Antonio may not be aware of it all. In some scenes he is a director and editor. (And often the remarkable movie by Alfio Contini) found that the scenes and backgrounds are more bright and pinned than the people in the foreground Not to mention the technical aspects of Zabriskie Point that are not related to the degree. (Which may make some people feel lethargic because Antonioni would be even greater as a documentary producer because he was a theater director like Francis Ford Coppola <br /> <br / > Desert, sky, city and even close-up faces were filmed with the eyes of filmmakers who loved the art of getting things in the frame, allowing us to enter the soundtrack. With beautiful music rhythms, including the lovely Rolling Stones song at one point, then the crushing and surreal Pink Floyd song (Received a new name from 'Be careful with Ax Eugene, one of the best pre-dark sides). Sequence. If there is only one performance that doesn't have one side, I may find that this is the opposite With Blow-Up or The Eclipse, it's an extraordinary rhythm of genius on the one hand, and another tedious thing is the hippie / radical movement in the late 60s, but hey, boring stuff. Help for Americans like myself at the age of eighty pieces may not happen to anyone else outside the United States, such as Italy. And it will not be left immediately after viewing once
