I know this is an unpopular position about Zabriskie Point, but I love this movie. I know I know - I can be called a freak in Antonioni legally. I love L'Avventura. I love La Notte. I love L'Eclisse. I love Red Desert. I love Blowup and I love Professione: Reporter (aka The Passenger) The only Antonio movie I don't love, the only one I've ever received less than 8/10 (and it's one of the three stories that I get less than 10/10, La Notte and L'Eclisse, two more though. I fully agree that I have to see them both. None episode) Beyond the Clouds, which can be called a scary movie. However, there is no scary film if you catch me. So if you're not a Antonioni fan, you should ignore me reasonably. If you are a big fan and you are wondering if the movie that the name when speaking will often follow. <br /> <br /> Saliva, which Antonioni's fans like, the answer is yes. <br /> < br /> Okay, the reason people tend to hate because 99% of movie viewers are interested in lectures only. That's not true If this movie is amazing in some aspects, speaking, acting or filming, or the direction and properness of the lecture, the movie audience may love it a lot. But the movie may be the most amazing masterpiece and has a lame or unreasonable story - that's another thing that destroys the cinema over the years. That's the logic - then they definitely hate the movie. I will really agree with that. As far as I may not like and want to change my perspective, it is really difficult to love a movie that has a story that I feel is not good. However, others are often frustrated with loose storytelling. This is something that must certainly expel the audience from Zabriskie Point. I can tell you the story. But you might think it's ridiculous. Actually, but for me, that makes all the efforts wonderful and beautiful. I will compare it with 2001, which is my favorite movie. However, 2001 is perfectly consistent compared to the narrative of this movie's tour. <br /> <br /> What Zabriskie Point has in the hoe Is emotional Music can help a lot. The overall score of many actions today, including Pink Floyd, is similar to the mood of Antonio's other masterpieces that are full of loneliness and loneliness. Still free from that The best sequence in movies is when men and women lead (Her name is Daria, I know But I can't remember his name) pulling their car beside the historical mark on the desert highway In addition to the stone walls built to prevent cars from flying out of the ancient lake It is a rocky desert and the two go in there. The settings are very beautiful. The woman said: "This is a beautiful place like this. What do you think?" Man: "I think it's dead." There is no inclination to be good or bad. This is a lot of feelings expressed in Antonioni's other films - the characters want to disappear or not see instead of David Locke, who assists The Passenger, who is bored with journalism. We have sick young hippies. The friend's politics, he thinks they talk too much and doesn't do what they feel is right or at least says that he did it for me. Want to get out of the situation <br /> <br /> This film is amazing movies of Antonioni was able to identify only a few frames. But his acting style has always been created. I like The Passenger more than I do Zabriskie Point, but Zabriskie Point may be his highest achievement in that area. That may sound strange - L'Avventura and the Red Desert are amazing images. I think it's an amazing camera movement here. Obviously he made a lot of money on the Blowup, which is the greatest art of those days, the biggest at that time. He spent some time here, especially with his aerial photographs. One of the greatest scenes of this film involves a man who stole the man's private plane. Daria, who was bombing her car. <br /> <br /> One thing that can be criticized fairly is politics. Of this movie They're easy Not that hippies are easy. But the vision of the hippies in Antonio Nini is not in Italy, of course, that is strange and filtered by the eyes of foreigners. There is some criticism for children's ads, but is still criticized today. I think you can't ignore it or not. What hurts? You walk around. Buy things you don't want because of billboards? Or have criticized capitalism Daria, the secretary, works for a company that stole the land of the desert, which is the land that she and the man like - to create a cheap suburban house for the family. Rod Taylor, a humble actor who has the most important role in Time Machine and The Bird, plays as her boss. The ending I will not break - you have to see it - almost very cheap. But I can understand how to treat police officers Not that I insult them in general. But they were scary at that time They are still scary now. They are always too powerful. <br /> <br /> The recurring argument with the American way of life does not affect my opinion on this film. I find that the filtered view of America is particularly interesting. I don't think the hippies won't agree with Antonioni 10/10.
