If Saura had never done anything like this before, Iberia would be a major event. It is now worthy to be regarded as a great director and a great Spanish film protector of Spanish culture. But he had done this before and although we applauded the richness he gave us Points in similar movies, including Blood Wedding (1981), Carmen (1983), El Amore Brujo (1986), Sevillanas (1992), Salomé (2002) and Tango (1998). I will choose Saura's Flamenco 1995 as a document. His most distinctive and potential culture, next to Iberia pales <br /> <br /> Iberia felt that it was a series of interpretations of Isaac Manuel Francisco Albéniz (1860-1909) and especially the series "I Biaurea "for the piano Isaac Albéniz is a great participant in the creation of Spanish music culture outside the country - However this new style for an audience other than Spanish. He moved to France in the early thirties and was influenced by the French composer. His "Iberia" series was a synthesis of the creativity of Spanish folk music along with the styles of Liszt, Dukas and d'Indy. The literary performance, which is a beautiful standard of Spanish rhythms and melodies that are different from Ravel's Bolero but moving in that direction. By nature, the Spaniards had occupied Al Beniz and in Iberia, the actors interpreted their elements in terms of dance and style that were of a variety of ethnicities and regions. But the source is a form of culture, music and dance of Spain that is tame and diligent compared to the Spanish Flamenco's pure flamenco, which comes out of Andalusia as a mixture of guitars. Hispano-Arabic and Jewish culture Iberia is a peninsula comprising Spain, Portugal, Andorra and Gibraltar. The concept is very diluted. <br /> <br /> Saura's Flamenco is a combination of music, singing, dancing and the combination of the noble peacock which is the essence of the Spanish style that men and women are proud of. The use of arrogance and elegance and formidable dress - even bullfighting and the torero movement are full of it - in the series of electric sequences without any introduction or conclusion. They are just Saura, emphasizing the firmness of cooperation with choreographer Antonio Gades and other artists. In 1995 Flamenco left a pretext for just a singer, musician and dancer. Then moved in and out of the large sound stage with lights and good screens, flats and mirrors arranged by filmmaker Vittorio Storaro working together, the beginning and end of the sequence in Flamenco, often But the atmosphere was dominated by rumbling and shaking of the foot chop and mix the sounds. Sometimes, this film continues to feed when the show ends and you see a bow dancer sighing or laughing; Or some people say something unexpectedly in Flamenco rather than Saura's other songs. It is the fierce and intense interaction of singers and dancers because Saura truly creates magic and perhaps the best, so when he leaves Traditional stories <br /> <br /> Iberia has a style similar to Saura's most pure musical film: no subtitles, no short conversations. The name of the song to specify the type or region, starting with the pianist playing music of Albeniz and gradually move to a sequence of dancing and singing a little. In the flamenco music, the basic element is the sound that does not go with and the sound is distorted and the most unique of world music. It relates to other songs in other ethnicities, but nothing more as a disgusting crying sound that is unique that challenges you to do anything but listen with the nearest interest. Then the clapping and the feet came. Then, the dance combined with other elements, there was only one flamenco song in Iberia. If you love Saura's Flamenco, you'll want to see Iberia. But you will be a little disappointed with style; Great sound and dance and music are there. But the sources and ideas of Iberia made it less powerful and made it a less intense and intensive cultural experience.
