Students often ask me why I chose this model Othello. Shakespeare's text was severely truncated and the movie had content that was rated "R". <br /> <br /> I have many reasons for using this production: Firstly, I have never seen it. The image of the field that was actually built. I sympathized with Othello until I saw Fishburne playing him. I saw James, Earl Jones and Christopher Plummer playing Otello and Ego on Broadway. And it's great Plummer's energy is clearly noticeable. But despite Jone's dramatic appearance, both physically and emotionally, the character that he performed was far more than I would have been completely emotionally paid in Aristotelian feelings. In fact, Jones insisted on what I felt when interviewing him, observing that he played Otello as a cold-blooded person, seeing that Aigo did what he wanted. Unfortunately this makes me sad because of the destruction of the characters. So I feel sympathetic to Joone Moore But not the horror of his corruption by the wicked. On the other hand, Fishburne's Othello is a strong and strong person who is familiar with the action. Therefore, the temptation of Iago to deal with the things presented to Othello because of his wife's infidelity is the distortion of the positive qualities of the general people who are not energetic, not enthusiastic [1]. Good quality in Fishburn's depiction is a classic sad story. <br /> <br /> Secondly, Fishburn is the first black actor to play Otello in the movie, either Orsen Wells. And Anthony Hopkins make a good movie version But they are white people with black faces. 2 Why is this important? Why should black actors be black men on stage 3? Of course, in Shakespeare's days, they used black faces as they used boys to create women. Sometimes the reason is the same. The actress brought special qualities to the female role on the Shakespeare stage because they understood the best that Shakespeare's genius was trying to present. A talented black actor should play at the grasslands because his experience in a culture with white influence is important to understanding what Shakespeare's genius knows: the pain of being hit by the edge because race An important theme in Othello is the separation caused by racism. Although it was a mistake to insert the American nation into the drama of Shakespearian But there is little doubt that racism still works in the characters Many people, including Desdimona's father, think that the combination between a white Christian woman in Venice and a North African black Christian is UNNATURAL. <br /> <br /> Third, Shakespeare has never rated G. He never had productions on his stage, often printed with violence and strong language. But Shakespeare's genius uses these elements, not sensitivity. But for the artistic integrity
