I was lucky enough to watch this movie in the movie Turner Classic tonight because it was one of the Academy Award-winning films. (For special effects) In the month that they won the annual Oscars, <br /> <br /> BEDKNOBS and BROOMSTICKS are the sequel to the previous success of MARY POPPINS. Together and the Oscar winner (Best actress for Julie Andrews) Just like MARY POPPINS BEDKNOBS has David Tomlinson in that role that he learned about being a parent. It is a perfect combination between live action and animation. It is located in the past period of British history. (If not the Edwardian world - Georgia in 1912, London, it was the coast of England during the summer "Dunkirk" of the 1940s). It still has the old Reginald Owen here as a general in the Home Guard in While he was previously a Admiral Boom in MARY POPPINS. Ironically, it was the last role of Owen. <br /> <br /> Home Guard sequence (not too much in the movie) warns one of the British series DAD'S ARMY. Which dealt with the problems of the home guardian at the beginning of the year This period was also well received by the presence of three Rawlins children as war orphans from the bombing in Blitz in London and (in the Disney style) in the drama. Song number "Portobello Road" different members of the British army (Including soldiers from India and the Caribbean (With metal drums!)) Appears with Scottish and local female assistants in the series. <br /> <br /> All of this is surprisingly good. But the greatest advantage is for Angela Lansbury. Her performance as Eglantine Price eventually is: She is the real music movie maker. Sole In a famous actor's career, Lansbury never played a real musical career that she deserved as Auntie Mame in MAME. The music that came out shortly after BEDKNOBS made her sing in the (In the light of her brief summary of the baby balloon and in the picture of DORIAN GRAY with LITTLE YELLOW BIRD and the best of all - in support and summary of the HARVEY girl in ATCHISON, TOPEKA and SANTA FE) But here she plays as a female lead So when you hear her singing with David Tomlinson, you may understand what we lost when you didn't play. Mame Dennis Burnside <br /> <br /> The remaining actors are quite good, Tomlinson. Learning that he can Increased on the occasion after a lifetime of failure. Three children relatives (Cindy Ocala, Roy, Art and Ian Wai Hill) showed more interesting roles in the characters. More than their pre-Edwardian generation in POPPINS (especially the Witch Weighill). The only surprise (Probably due to cut scenes) is Roddy McDowall as a local representative with only two films With his possible role as an enemy that does not accept spells, he should have a bigger role. Another note of note is John 540 as a German officer who is leading the attack at the end of the movie, only to find that he is facing something more powerful than he had imagined in the English countryside. And Sam Jaffe as a formula magic rival that Lansbury and Tomlinson are searching for. <br /> <br /> For two underwater sequel animations on the lake and in a fierce football match Best course ever was Tom Tomlinson is judged and become beautiful. Slammed hard on the charge and various battles, as I said it was a good example of Disney studio's best work
