It was great to see Roshan Seth (the strict father in 1992 "Mississippi Masala"), who played the father and family leader again in SUCH A LONG JOURNEY in 1971 in Bombay, India. Set up a family that is close to each other. Important issues also include loss and friendship. Unexpected death from friends (Somehow the face smiling, calm of friends in death, in which there was a prayer, feeling calm - so Gustav Noble, the character of Roshan, similar noted); The artist's sidewalk event chain - "The walls in the toilet become a shrine, become rumbling and ashes" is an instant prophecy and philosophy. It is full of life lessons in different areas of different relationships: between father and child. Mother and son; Father and little daughter; Little daughter, father and mother Longtime colleague Long lost friend Even the story of a person who is a "innocent" foolish person. <br /> <br /> In the movie age, it is a movie full of color and strength. The story in texture with humor and suspicion For non-Indian directors (Sturla Gunnarsson is Iceland), he created political films for India / Pakistan. He enters the bone marrow of the life of Parsi, performed by Roshan Seth, whose performances are different, delicate and happy like this. (Also singing) The remaining actors are equally strong: from Om Puri, the mysterious friend of Soni Razdan, the enduring wife of Vrajesh Hirjee, the eldest son, arguing; Sam Dastor is a long-time colleague of Ranjit Chowdhry, a pavement artist for "witches" of female superstition; "Stupid" that is not talking about humans. And long lost friends - a world of faces and many perspectives Narsson's director showed the sensitivity of the treatment at that time, and the researcher performed well with detailed attention. He was fortunate to have Sooni Taraporevala (1992 "Mississippi Masala", 1988 "Salaam Bombay!"). Scripting. This is a truly worthwhile journey of a movie that will be involved. <br /> <br /> Fridrik Thor Fridriksson In 1994, "Cold Fever" was Iceland about Japanese young men who Went around the world in search of specific points to show his final respect to his parents according to the duty, a ritual, a memorial for the dead Showing respect and interest across cultures to family relationships is what makes the heart of this era and the cyber age.
