Launched before the crackdown on code production. In July 1934, Mitch Lee's Paramount musical drama was said to be indefatigable - some even claiming to hate women and provide entertainment. Two murders occurred on the first night of "Earl Carroll False" (on-stage!) But that didn't stop the manager (Jack Oak) from acting as a detective who had a moral police (Victor McLaglen) investigating. Everyone is hiding something and Gypsy Rose Lee must have seen the mystery behind this stage before she wrote it. "G-string murder" due to similarities (Although more satisfied here) Gertrude Michael is a vicious actor, stopping the show (in many ways) with her exotic "Sweet Marijuana" number and Duke Ellington, ending with "Raps Of The Rhapsody" that was right. Cut down the hit song "Cocktails For Two" from this movie. Classic camp that is strange and highly recommended! This is Louella O. Parsons in the "Los Angeles Examiner" on May 17, 1934. <br /> <br /> Earl Carroll's beautiful pirouette picked up on the screen of Grauman United Artists in fig leaves and not much. But in September, Morn himself never had a better shape than these charming ones, which were created to satisfy, especially the eyes of tired businessmen. But don't think that Mr. Carroll's au naturelle girls are only tempting. Believe it or not, MURDER AT THE VANITIES is a musical comedy thriller. If you know what I mean - the murder mystery is included in the musical performance. Everything happened on the first night at the time of playing and searching for the killer. The police suspect to stop the show every few minutes. Victor McLaglen is new in the police. All the time he tried to hunt down the murderer, he watched the choir. The mystery of the murder case is good, except for the relatively flat storyline. The wrong direction seems to be Dorothy Stickney, who plays as a girl, is about elegance like a heroine in a show of ten, twenty and thirty. There is no good reason. She graded endless close-up shots in a great scene. A beautiful girl is a good thing and is a good relaxation if avoiding headaches that cannot be avoided. Beautiful dress In fact, this is the greatest musical that will feel their credit. For Carl Rissian - good. He will add on any program, look good with a pleasant singing voice and be confident that he is his media representative calling for him. I like Kitty Carlisle who plays as the heroine in the show. Gertrude Michael, as Willow one-eyed, gives an interesting image if wearing more than Jack Oakie as the stage manager. It's the original Jack. But we won't change him. Jessie Ralph is great, like the other seamers in the team, including Charles Middleton, Gail Patrick, Donald Meek, Barbara Fritchie, Toby Wing and Lona Andre. The screen play is Carey Wilson and Rufus King and directed by Mitchell. Leisen, the song is by Arthur Johnstone and lyrics by Sam Coslow. In addition to the MURDER AT VANITIES, there is also a Mickey Mouse cartoon, Paramount Newsreel and the wrong RERECTION twice - <br /> <br /> I disagree with Lolly about the storyline. The story, if it's over the top. Why are you blaming the director? She is not satisfied with the end of the story or how to set the scene? And what is the list "Ten, Twenty or Thirty Items"? Observe swiping at Busby Berkeley and his "overhead shot". People may be bored with Buzz 'schtick in May 1934. Mitch Leisen said, "If you perform a stage that should be in the theater, you should be within the scope of The front stage arch and did not perform the daily Buzz Berkeley routine with a very large scene. "<br /> <br /> Q: You don't think Berkeley's amazing effects have a reason to Got this freedom? ML: Obviously they do because they revive all his pictures and none of me. But personally I don't like it
