I have read many comments about this film and how people believe it is a sequel to Henry Fool and is difficult, even if it's a technical matter. I think Fay Grim must look completely different. Just because it is a sequel does not mean that it must have a direct continuation of the first part and I enjoy it a lot. The whole point of this film is to change direction from the beginning, which is reasonable because this movie is not called Henry Fool 2. But as Fay Grim, I think that all that is next to this movie made out well and thought it made I'm really surprised I expect to rent another movie that matches the video, and have to endure 2 hours of bad editing and difficult to follow the story. (Hard to get to know Parker's in Ohio) but this is very surprising to emphasize that it almost doesn't look like I absolutely love There are many differences in the making of movies and writing that I want to see in movies, but never done. Cinematography is great because it's simple and makes the movie look truly 'scary' - in terms of settings. The author says that this film is not as witty as Henry Fool wants to look again and listen. I can hardly explain that it is really hilarious and related. And Parker Posey, who can complain The scene in which the fool and Jalal are speaking in the dark is fascinating and emotional. And I think the spy movies in this movie are funny and get a lot of attention (In the backward understanding, because I agree sometimes that you feel lost.) The main thing that makes me very powerful about this film and I believe that the purpose of this film is love and devotion. Parker's innocence about the beloved Fool and quickly turned back from denial. The last five minutes of the perfect movie Obviously there are some things that are not great. But nothing is perfect Some performances are not good, and sometimes I think that the new story and dialogue about terrorism are difficult to follow and go out of hand. But in the end you understand and don't think that When it may fall out of your understanding (This may be related to Goldblum's tendency to speak very fast) Overall, I want to say that it may be one of the best movies I've seen this year. A clever and witty writing that is very impressive. Now I have gained new respect for some actors and impressive movies and don't forget the departure of Fool, which is the point.
