Generally speaking, Fay Grim is a highly entertaining thriller with two relentless names in the American movie Parker Posey, beautiful and incredibly elegant and infinitely charming and Jeff Goldblum They had many scenes in the first half of the movie that we saw these two unrelated performances, including a glamorous show, when Goldblum came out of Hartley's unscrupulous epic information. Who will distinguish Fay Grim? We will see many cases where countless scenes are squeezed for more benefits than they have ever done. <br /> <br /> This kind of filming is funny. Is a sequel to Hal Hartley's Henry Fool, which was created ten years ago. It has a character named Posey, which is enforced by the CIA agent Goldblum to track down the notebook that is the treasure of her missing refugee husband. Which is in them is information that can accept the safety of the United States, the first time Fay did for Paris to grab them But became a memorable feast of espionage that has everything from car bombs to vague assistants to tracking young women to two crossings to three crosses. <br /> <br /> The interesting thing for me is that it is a novel way for the sequel of the film about priests and novelists struggling in a small town in the original Henry Fool. Posey plays the role of a man. Monkey simply lead a simple life. Hartley's talents didn't reach the height of many other independent newbies from the 1990s, but I admired his creativity in making Sister Nearne inadvertently leaving her, making her a great situation as he did. With the brother of her character, James Urbaniak, in Henry Fool, while she was trapped between or not, that she might still love her overwhelming refugee husband and the problematic but powerful plan However, the Hartley Goldblum is just riding on that. Imperfect concept His plot, though complicated and a real maze for the style of spy movies, seems to be all absolute. The reason I don't get bored most is due to the pace of the story that happened, not to mention the existence of Posey and Gold Blum. The problem with Hartley's remaining actors is that I don't seem to like the rest of the people. It has nothing to do with the comparison of the two stars' energy that is said to be charming. But in a way that looks like they won't stick to themselves, though the Saffron Burrows will definitely come close. Most of the scenes that are not related to Posey or Goldblum are too light on their feet, along with the information we left with no choice. But listening or others will disappear completely in the sequence of the scenes that follow They were shot almost entirely in the corner of the tile, as if Hartley was compensating for the lack of sense of lack of object. <br /> <br /> Liam Aiken However, playing the teenage son Fay and Henry now has something for sure. Attracting attention to him seems more intelligent than his age, of course, smarter than any adult character. Perhaps Hartley intended it, or it may be just the appearance of Aiken. The problem with Hartley's movie is that you never know. What is the purpose and what happened there? As Scorsese said "The cinema is about things that are in the frame and things that are out of the box." We have to trust that what we see is the conscious decision of the filmmaker to remain in the finished movie.
