Hal Hartley's Henry Fool is an independent film masterpiece and is his best work. It has a huge depth of character, complex dialogue and a wonderful emotional ending that is fascinating. I remember pausing many times during the first viewing session to absorb what I saw and felt Henry Fool was a complete film from beginning to end and didn't need any sequels. <br /> <br /> So I So surprised when hearing about Fay Grim, the fairy is not one of the main characters of the first film and seems to be more abundant when the absurdity of absurdity in the world of terror. And the ignorance that her brother Simon was forced to deal with In her own movie, Fay grows herself, although her maturity is very different. Simon transformed from autism into a close-knit genius. Angels begin her adult journey as an underage child, a very bad child and respond to the attack of ridiculous situations by being an experienced and inexperienced adult. She dealt with problems like humans do with little thought and insult while Simon learns to control his mind. Angels learn to control her emotions. <br /> <br /> The film consists of elements. Many memorable things of prequel But very different for most movies Henry Stupid shows you the world that is cruel, boring, and contrary to Simon's passion and creativity. In Fay Grim, the world is a lively, crazy and emotional place that shows foolishness. Ignorant of her young life and, on the other hand, found an inner wise woman who had never been developed or raised from a similarly weak mother. <br /> <br> The movie is divided into two. The first deal with the beginning of the battle of Faye and the subsequent erection due to the dictatorial hostility and the second story involves her struggle to weaken Henry at first. Henry Fool may find himself wondering how this film can be considered as a sequel and thinks it is insulting to follow a violent movie such as Dong's spy comedy But this is what the wisdom of Fay Grim is. The sequel is about Faye's journey, and as I said earlier, she is one of the search for consciousness that causes life to fall into chaos, not the chaos that is created sequentially. Parker Posey is a great actor who captures Hal Hartley's tongue in a perfect cheek. Elina Löwensohn may obscure her role in emotion, causing Parker to play both straight men and cartoons. With a lively comedy and like a stage play that takes place around you <br /> <br /> Henry's entrance in the picture The movie begins to change consciousness. Hal Hartley's movies are all plays and all plays must be complete. At the end, you will see the newly developed characters and the fertility of Faye, as well as her descendants and Henry, who are full of life-threatening, which penetrate honesty and unique passion. Sparked in everyone he met A great movie that does not exceed Henry Fool, but shows through Hal's period where his artistic differences are his genius proofs. <br /> <br /> Honestly, I think anyone who makes this movie is not just But missed a point about one mile (And especially the ingenuity of Parker Posey's performance) but didn't really care about the movie Henry Fool
