Maybe I like this movie more if I don't stick to the characters in Henry Fool. For those who have never seen Henry Fool before, I don't have to worry. As Hartley joked in the introduction of the TIFF movie, the film has many explanations and explanations. <br /> <br /> The film is very heavy on the plot, which makes the movie moving. There are many funny moments and the film certainly has the trademark humor and rhythm of Hartley's conversation. Above all, the movie is made from good techniques and is sure to satisfy Hartley's new fans. Began to explore his work For former fans who love his previous works, such as Trust and Amateur, this movie can go either way. I have mixed feelings about Hartley's film and general film. In general, Hartley's best thing is to define his story in a small situation, focusing on how close and habitual his character is. Mutual interaction From the late 1990s onwards, his films expanded in terms of content. The media in which there is no religion in the book of life and now terrorism in Fay Grim I do not know whether Hartley's talents are suitable for big things or if he can do it fairly. <br /> <br /> Surprisingly, this film can also be reduced to a close relationship. A woman who goes to see her beloved husband The only problem is that I have seen Henry Fool and everyone seems unbelievable in the characters in this movie. You can tell that this movie was written long after Henry Full finished without intention of the sequel. However, the terrorist plans were easily captured through the use of Henry's confession as a macguffin (in terms of hitchcockian). Faye's inspiration for searching Henry looked truly inspired by Want the plot rather than what is honest with anyone who is an angel in Henry Faulk. <br /> <br /> I actually think about the characters in Henry Fool and it doesn't work as a thriller. Go to In There is way too irony and deviousness in Hartley's approach to big topics such as terrorism. It works well and cannot be used at the same time. All I can say, you will love or hate this movie, depending on how Hartley works and how well you know Hartley's work. Henry Fool's fans have been warned for disappointment. For the rest, welcome to the world of Hal Hartley and enjoy the ride.
