Fay Grim is the face of the story of espionage and intrigue, nodding and winking. As an unusual sequel to his extraordinary Henry Fool, Hal Hartley created a surprising combination of film noir and a thriller film that began with a smile that knew and a big laugh and became painful and Warm like other movies. Br> <br /> Parkey Posey is Fay Grim, Mata Hari, who unknowingly caught between the love of Henry Fool's exiled husband and the suspicious intent of the charming CIA as a full agent. Not Brent Jeff Goldblum is an intellectual and cynical role that seems to adapt to his abilities. He's never been better. James Urbaniak is Simon Fay's younger brother who has been jailed but is famous for his famous poetry. His love for his work and his sister brought a passion that is different from the nature of the spy, which eventually fills the world of Faye. And Liam Aiken is Fay's 14-year-old son. Although it may be redundant, Aiken's understated style is an "old spirit" that is remarkable for someone of his age. <br /> <br /> All the movies were Dutch corner shot, off-kilter style, made famous by Orson Welles and used primarily in thriller and psychological thrills. In the Fay Grim, the use of that style from opening credits to closing is interesting at first. For just as the audience began to fall in love with the funny elements that have the perfect timing and wit of Hartley's wonderful script, there is something going on. This movie requires darkness. But it seems surprising when these characters become sympathetic in front of us What began when the dark comedy changed into a romantic and transitional drama with expertise The slow pace caused excitement and we were sucked into the vortex. In the end, Hartleigh's sharp dialogue, combined with the dramatic performances of the band performers that matched perfectly, made the movie cocktail the most. Delicious. Hart Hartley recounts the luxury of those who can write, edit and even compose songs. Hal Hartley has created a story of intelligent and sexy espionage with the tongue Grim is a part of the angel's cheeks. Dashiell Hammett is one part, Raymond Chandler and another part. Fleming shakes and may stir as well.
