The plot has never been the strength of the movie Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, but the screenplay for "Follow the Fleet" is very common. Fred and Ginger are still free from the truth - they play "Bake" Baker and Sherry Martin. Is a private and professional dancer who ended when Bake joined the fleet When they meet again, the relationship that hates their love creates a fun time. But for most movies, they use the back seat to boring sub-plans about Connie, Cherry's sister. (Harriet Hilliard) Her sister, the love she has for sailors Bilge Smith (Randolph Scott) Father, although Hilliard is quite charming. But this plot is not interesting. <br /> <br /> But at the same time, "Follow the Fleet" received an excellent Irving Berlin score, giving them a chance to show their talents. Received two great solos with "We Saw the Sea" and "I want to be the band leader." He sang clearly and surely, having fun dancing - and the sailor uniform made him look more like a child and athlete. Rogers sang " Let Yourself Go "catchy and later do These solo dance to the same music /> <br /> three duets record movies <br real, though they all shoehorned into a plot with a silly excuse. Fred and Ginger won the dance competition by doing an energetic routine to play "Let's Yourself Go" again. They sing and dance. "I put all the eggs in one basket" as if it were an early practice of numbers. Comedy choreography In the end, this movie presents the way to get Fred and Ginger in the evening dress for a romantic couple - it makes it part of the performance within the show. The situation was invented but the song "Let's Face the Music and Dance" was one of the most beautiful things that Berlin had written. (It reminds Cole Porter) and the dance is paired gracefully. Quintessential Astaire and Rogers <br /> <br /> It would be a tedious job to sit back and read the conversation "Follow the Fleet" again, and in reality it is not necessary because the plot doesn't push the music. Number but I can see the song over and over again
