If Hollywood had to believe in being in the navy there was nothing but foolishness. Although the sailor may sing together about the monotony of the ocean But it seems that their ocean duties do not exist, and Fred Astaire found that there was enough free time during the day to offer dance classes to the crowd. That is the world of Astaire and Rogers. Mark Sandrich's previous film 'Top Hat (1935)' ignores the Great Depression which led America to its knees and present the audience with a world full of With glittering and famous It is an optimistic view of movies about life that may lead to success. In the same way, Sandrich here deliberately forgot that the life of a naval officer was difficult and draining and replaced the duties of sailors with a number of attractive soft music numbers. <br /> "Bake" Baker (Astaire) And Sherry Martin (Rogers) is a former dance partner who has a romantic relationship after the spouse rejected the marriage proposal after Bake returned from performing for many years in his navy. Found that Barry is a dance worker in the San Francisco ballroom. While the two former lovers alternately seek and deny each other, Cherry's sister, who is a music teacher (Harriet Hilliard, who looks quite cute) has been completely updated and tries to be charming. There is a funny character, a sci-fi nigger, a typical coward for a few minutes, with an identity error and even a hilarious monkey that stole every scene. The actress is estranged; Unfortunately for both, it is an unfortunate cherry that drinks bicarbonate soda and loses the ability to sing. <br /> <br /> 'Follow the Fleet (1936)' is the fifth collaboration between Fred. Astaire and Ginger Rogers and the third (from the five) Sandrich directed both Irving Berlin to provide the music and lyrics of this movie and each number of music is soft and fun, even if they are not as memorable. In 'Top Hat (1935)' 'Swing Time (1936)' or 'Shall We Dance (1937) Astaire tries to escape from the rich personality of the city without success. But it is difficult to imagine an actor that has no charm, charm that will only come with riches The plot of love between Connie and Bilge works well with the comedy of two main stars and Harriet Hilliard (wearing a brown wig to avoid clashing with Ginger's blonde hair). There is a single emotional number. Including "Get Thee Behind Me Satan" which was originally written for 'Top Hat'
