What a joy! Astaire and Randolph Scott are in the navy. Astaire had to return to Ginger in San Francisco while Scott was confident that Harriet Hilliard was worthy to be his wife. Everything works well. <br /> <br /> Sometimes I argue and I can see why Scott and Hillard's love is not necessary and slows the plot. In particular, the pain is Hillard's singing in a heavy love song. I can do without singing enough of you. But I found a love that is quite touching Hilliard entered the movie as a music teacher, wearing eye glasses, not makeup and the most ugly clothes that humans or animals knew. It is not surprising that Scott avoided her until she was able to unite herself with brutality under the rule of her sister, Ginger and Lucille. The problem is that after she changed her appearance, she looked like a normal ordinary woman, unable to fix it like before by using sparkling costumes. It's hard enough for a warm man. But at least men can be rich and powerful and popular. Then he can gather women even if he looks like JoJo the Dog-Faced Boy. But what do ordinary women look like? The same way to love is not open for you. Henry Kissinger has a group Margaret Thatcher? It must be terrible to be a normal woman in a cruel culture like us. As a footnote, I must mention that Randolph Scott is rumored to be a bisexual from Hollywood, a gossip that needs nonsense to chew, and it is funny that he has the next chapter in this movie - "Woman Not interested in my sister. "This movie may give Ginger Rogers more quality time than her other films with Astaire and she is fantastic. She is beautiful, sexy, and a talented actress and dancer, and the script also gives her a good cartoon role. "Let's make kisses and make-up," Astaire recommends. "Let's do it," she said. "That will make you work." It's the only movie she created with Astaire that gave a single number during the audition. (Designed by Hermes Pan.) Her performance was sabotaged by Astaire by accident, which dropped Alka Seltzer or something into her water and she sobbed through her number. The dancer, I will do a wonderful circus elephant, so my idea must be used as an amateur. But I think their dance together will be equal to what they put on the film. Their first time during the "Let Yourself Go" dance competition was the best I could remember. And the only amazing pair "Let's Face the Music and Dance" must be in the best group The last step when they go out is shocking. <br /> <br /> I like movies for reasons that have personal resonance. I remember seeing it for the first time in a theater in San Diego, next to a shop called "The Seven Seas" which accommodated the crew. I was in a uniform at that time and was impressed with the care of Astaire and Scott's naval career. What I mean is that here we have a comedy about this bubble, which doesn't have anything to do with historical reality. Which is different from most of their other teams Astaire called the jump boat I just got a taxi to land on my own. The uniform is correct according to the time period. (Unlike saying "in the city") and they were wearing correctly, wearing a hat down to two inches wide above the eyebrows and not having to be hooked And there are two incidents in which Astaire has problems with the Navy officers and they are both seriously managed and completely convinced. The staff stopped Astaire from bringing the jazz band during the inspection and reporting to the captain. "They are playing when making a call. Listen, you feel sure that there is no violation of the disciplined intention." It is what the staff - a good officer - will say and no one laughs. <br /> <br /> This series Received a little repetition at the time that "Follow the Fleet" was created instead of putting Fred in high places Society and Tuxedo, they made him become a Swabbie chewing gum instead. It is a good idea And the dance numbers depend on the concept
