As a big fan of fantasy in general and from the work of Neil Gaiman * especially * I have been waiting for this film with greed, ugly and with bitterness and disappointment that I can do. Hardly believe that it is finally here And you know what? I don't need to be afraid of this horrible version of the film. Different from books But a good way - strange, less funny, still sweet and charming deep And intrusive. <br /> <br /> Appropriate attention is paid to storytelling and pacing, and the main casting is victory with a scary prince as the "Who Who Who". Show Great Englishman - Rupert Everett, David Williams of the famous Little Britain, Two Blokes from the Green Wing and others), stealing the best lines and almost the most fun moments of the movie. <br /> <br /> Actually, the slightest criticism I have in this movie is that sometimes funny elements become a little OTT. Sensitivity goes out the window to make important stories ... For example, G Ricky Gervais, it's too much "Ricky Gervais as David Brent made by the Office Comedy persona" for my liking and, in my opinion, has created a division that is not satisfactory. (Even though in the fairness of memories, I believe that the Ferrari character in the original book is very beautiful. "Ricky Gervais" - When I miss it) .... <br /> <br /> But here it is Little things in myths, actors, and plays that are impeccable with the perfect combination of action and romance. Charlie Cox, as a supporter of the drama, captures the right mix of innocence, humor and self-awareness that is necessary for such stories. "The humble young man embarks on the quest for a life changing"; Claire Danes, while Iwon is beautiful, witty and alien or does not have a little identity, is the perfect interpretation of her star, Robert De Niro. Have been admired and enjoyed (It looks like he is having a ball too) ... and Michelle Pfeiffer has a fantastic and disgusting victory like my favorite Lamia witch. Overall film performance If you enjoy her b! Tchy performance in "Hairspray" recently, you will enjoy it. <br /> <br /> So if you want to round this review: You will definitely laugh. Smiling and you may cry - Stardust is a beautiful and warm fairy tale for everyone in the family with a heart of gold and smart, smarter than immediately visible. One of my favorite movies of all time is the wonderful Princess Bride and Stardust is easily compared for good reasons because it is a very similar type of movie to explore similar themes and territories .... And just like The Princess Bride is still fresh, smart and funny. Twenty years after the first launch, I believe that the sweet tongue in Stardust's cheeks will appear as a family. The favorite on our television. (Or future equipment equivalent to!) For many years
