Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, Hollywood's leading dance team, often wear suits and glide through the art deco costumes that were exaggerated in the 1930s. However, they were slightly astounded in this outing in 1936. For the fifth time in their ten musicals together At this time, Astria wore a tall hat, a white tie and tail to become a chewing gum sailor named "Bake" Baker; And Rogers played the role of choreographer Cherry Martin, a partner of Beck-Dance and others - before he enlisted Therefore, unlike the false identity and the quirky romance prevalent in their previous pairing, they are a pair of movies. <br /> <br /> Directed by Mark Sandrich (who directs The film is similar to Roberta's story in 1935, in which they are only one of the two couples that focus on the story. In fact, Randolph Scott plays the role of another man in both films, this time as Bake's "Bilge" Smith's cute teammate. He is an ally with Irene. Dunn (Who understood this track) but Harriet Hilliard Newly married couple Nelson in real life and decades before his life & Harriet Hilliard played the role of Connie, the sister of Cherry, who Connie fell in love with Bilge in the plot. She is updated by Lucille Ball, a youthful blonde and has a classic three-way shot of Hilliard Ball and a cute Betty Grable doll in front of the mirror. <br /> <br /> Speaking of stories, what is available in one is credited to Al. lan Scott and Dwight Taylor and doing something like this ... Bake and Bilge are on the side of San Francisco where they are in the dance room with them. The gangster Bake finds Sherry working there while Bilge runs. Entering Connie for the first time when she comes in as a gangster gangster and then appears as a charming girl. Couples blooms for couples Connie and Cherry inherited a steamer from their father. But they need money to keep it afloat Many misunderstandings occur in both relationships. But all this can happen when they turn the steamer into a theater. But it is a good excuse for the memorable Irving Berlin song and dance The three Astaire-Rogers <br /> <br /> The first two are official - a dance competition set "Let yourself go" that percolating mercilessly to win and a joke on the airship. Somersault-toe touch "I put all the eggs in the basket" However, their last dance is a classic return to the classic style with beautiful pieces that are beautifully placed for "Let's Face the Music and Dance " Interesting, this movie is not only But with Astaire's solo dance But still the only time Roger had done solo for himself in one of their films Dressed in a cream-colored satin sailor dress. In addition, she also sings the same song as the beginning of the movie. <br /> <br /> Actresses like Astaire and Rogers often Will be in a cartoon style here While Scott showed his role with violence with a brand, Kai Hillard was very boring and, as a former singer, she performed two love songs in Berlin in a different manner. disappointed Regardless of the magic created by Astaire and Rogers during this important time, making this necessary viewing DVD 2005 has many special things, starting with a thirteen minute feature. "Follow the fleet: the origin of those dance feet" about how Astaire and Rogers started working together There is also a "soundie" live action called "Melody Master: Jimmie Lunceford and Dance Orchestra", a cartoon-themed cartoon called "Let It Be Me" and original movie trailers.
