Hundstage is a study of life in the boring suburb of Vienna. It comes from a former documentary director Ulrich Seidl that uses a documentary-like approach to material. However, the movie changes direction from the usual genre and presents us with the characters that best describe "extreme" ?? Some people are so lonely. Some people are very violent. Something very strange; Some very crooked Some people are very disappointed and misunderstood; And so on. This film combines a lot of plotions, many of which are mixed together from time to time, with each character following a few days in the hot summer of Vienna. Very few viewers going out of the movie that is entertaining? The intention to point out things that are wrong with people, many illnesses that cause our society in general. It is a movie that encourages thought and its conclusion is quite damaging to everyone. <br /> <br /> The female widow, Gong Guan, imagines about a woman cleaning his elders and wants them. She performed striptease for him. The nightclub dancers were convinced of the jealous behavior and violence of all of her racing fans. The couple who lamented the dead daughter cannot communicate with each other and seek solace by having sex with others. The man who insulted his woman But she forgave him again and again The security guard is trying to find the culprit behind the aggression on the job site. But ended up choosing an innocent scapegoat And a mentally ill woman waiting for a stranger and insulting them until they throw her out of the car! The lives of these different characters converge for many days during the summer heat waves. <br /> <br /> The despair in this film is clear. Many scenes are characterized by silence. And long, awkward, which is more than twice the efficiency of all conversations Then there are other scenes while the dialogue and events on the screen make you spin. In particular, the scene where the security salesman let the woman lift up to the mercy of those who have to take revenge - being assaulted, raped and humiliated. (Thank you to everyone who is outside the screen) for the barbarism that you didn't Sour taste almost angry In another scene, a man had a candle lit at his rear end and was forced to sing the national anthem with a gun, all as part of his wife's nasty punishment. While we may want to encourage this hooligans to come to his side But we were shocked and scared of his punishment. In fact, a completely different kind may act as a summary of this film - every moment of kindness is a response that is balanced with the moment of serenity. Every hope destroys with despair. For every character that you like or feel sympathetic to, there are other characters that do not support anything other than anger and hatred. We may want to turn away from the Hundstage in order to cancel it as an exercise in adversity. But it points out the awkward truth and it should be applauded
