This film has been ranked as one of the most annoying and appealing movies in many years. It is one of the few things that may be the only thing that makes me tremble: not even Pasolini's Sálo, which this movie compares to, affects me like that. I saw in the movie from filmmakers like Pasolini, Fassbinder and others. I have to ask myself, what about the movie that makes me feel like I do? I think the answer seems to be that I watched horror movies. But is a challenge or even going back to the pattern of that type In general, in horror, scary and scary things will happen. But in the margins of civilized societies: abandoned houses, abandoned hotels, castles, churches, morgues etc. What is the management of this horror story? The defense mechanism, the principle of darkness and opacity, acts like a projection area for the needs and fears of the audience. So from this perspective, Hundstage is not a horror movie. It happens in a perfectly normal society and does not dabble in the science of horror movies. But what you see is the elimination of some of the main characters from the horror genre, especially about the body and the violation of the phobia and torture that can be passed. What Seidl does is use The values ​​of the middle class society every day provide a platform for repeating sexual play, aggression, loneliness, absences and violations of intimacy and honesty: themes that you will find in gift For the principle of light and transparency, which has no escape It is in the exact position that the power of Seidl's film resides. Hundstage relates to these matters as a daily duty, expressed in a monotonous form rather than a website of extremes and belly-movements that You will find in such horror genre. One important reference point is Rainer Werner Fassbinder Fassbinder. There is also a way to blend politics with privacy in his films, which is a tactic of melodrama that allows him to deal seriously and morally with political issues such as racism. National domination, desire, questions about ownership of sexual property and Control of fascism and capitalism, for example, the tactics of Seidl in creating the mechanisms of everyday society. The film's story keeps him close to Fassbinder; Like this German partner, he has a political vision of society that he feels it is his responsibility to present in his film. During the seminar at the Gothenburg Film Festival this year, where Seidl had been a guest, he was asked why he had a case of violating a woman who was threatened and suppressed in the Hundstage, but without women fighting. Seidl replied that some people May think that it is immoral to show violence against women But he himself felt that it would not be immoral I think the best art quotes. Thank you.
