In order to make it short and not to spoil everything that the film is about, Kip (Giovanni Ribsi), a car thief that serves to deliver a lot of stolen cars (including 50 items). Then he was threatened to be killed. By the person who ordered him It is now intended to receive 50 stolen vehicles within 3 days with the help of Randall (Nicolas Cage), a retired supporter and brother of Kip and two other old friends of Randall. While you can see this as The old story, the needs of the big brother, in order to get lil 'bro' from the problems that occur on a regular basis. And of course, Randall is the best steal that has ever been. Of course, as in other movies, there is also a defeat and a little surprise that you will never think of. But sometimes it can be predictable as well, so there is nothing surprising for the story. <br /> <br /> Now, you probably wonder why this story is 51 times that of HOT STUFF because there are only 50 beautiful cars. Fast, cold and expensive to be stolen The other interesting thing in this movie is Sway (Angelina Jolie (who will be the big star) (Trust me)) She not only has confidence in the role of car theft only. But she is still hot too OK, not hot like beautiful But hot like cool and sexy She believes in this role, probably because she is a wild woman in real life. (Don't believe me, read her biography) and in the sexy part, just watch yourself. I only know that she plays the girl I like in this movie because she is not too mainstream. She looks a little alternative and she also comes with tattoos. <br /> <br /> Ok, downside. Only i feel While watching this movie that there is not much action, there are completely unrealistic scenes. The story is only okay and there are not many jokes. Hey, but after watching the whole movie, I have to say: Who cares? Why do I have to say? That is good because it's still fun. There are a few car chases, good music; Some scenes of Bruckheimer (where the mix of music and the genre of actors make your eyes wet), good performers that everyone works for them; Beautiful car, a woman that is cool, wild and sexy. (Yes, I mean Mrs. Jolie) and last but not a good and cool tool to accelerate. Some disadvantages here But still a good and fun movie In summary, the best way to describe this movie is that it is an overall OK movie that is cool. Feel good at the end. <br /> <br /> Well, for Nicholas Cage? Actually he is one of my most favorite actors in action movies today after good movies such as The Rock, Con Air, Face / Off, Snake Eyes and finally he is this person. In the past year and such successful things, there are many actors with action / thriller, no one !!! Maybe Jackie Chan But he is also one of my favorites One thing that is true about the movie of Mr. Cages Bruckheimer is that they are getting worse. The Rock, 9 is obvious, Con air is the 8th person and this is clear. This is 7, no matter how bad the mark. Doesn't show that his movie under Bruckheimer is getting worse and that may take a lot of time before he gets a role in the movie, and should he make less movies? Didn't show us that because almost all of Cage's films have been successful in the past few years, except for 8 mm and bringing death 8 mm. Not good. I accept that. But that was never the fault of Cage and the story looked good for me. About the movie behind, I can't say anything because I haven't seen it yet. One thing I know, of course, if Bruckheimer asks me about these three movies, I will say yes to all of them. I will say yes to the rock, because it's good and because you will play with Sean Connery and Ed Harris. I will say yes to Con Air because there will be a lot of action in this story because of the good story and because you have to act with John Malkovich and Ving Rhames. This time I will be starred because I can get big money. I can ride a cool car. And quickly and because I can kiss Angelina Jolie (Can't wait to see her in the Lara Croft series) This is a good choice for Mr. Cage and it's worth watching in the cinema. <br /> <br /> 7 out of 10
