This episode is definitely a surprise. In this science fiction poem with alien creatures, special phenomena, and many brushes with the hereafter, there is certainly an unusual rate. It seems that insignificant settings do not seem to be encouraging at the end of the story or not kicking off with the silent movie format. There is no recorded dialog box. But with music In this case, it is in the audio track, do not use the play of the organ or piano by the musicians seen. This part of the episode, along with the ending, also uses the free o card as well as the "old movie" while these names are quite exaggerated and overtaken. They are created with the intention and love rather than insulting. Silent Norman Z. McLeod's silent film director, Veteran Comedy in the chair for this half hour He is the director of the greatest comedies of all time, with people like Marx Brothers. Fields, Harold Lloyd and Danny Kaye He is not a stranger on TV because he works a lot in the TV series. <br /> <br /> It doesn't appear that he and Mr. Keaton have worked together before. Proof of this) 'But judging by the results of the film, they succeeded in doing so with flying colors! Everyone who directed Keaton knew that Buster was a good comedy director. Like the Comedy Player, he felt comfortable behind the camera just as he was in front of it. Their short-term partnership must be harmonious with 'give and receive' about how to do things. Clearly, many gags are Keaton that resurrected from his own Silent Picture Days. Put on a pair of pants with Rollo's (Stanley Adams help is done by Keaton and Roscoe "Fatty" Arbuckle in one of the Arbuckle 2 Reelers, GARAGE (1919). That is a clear example of his craft. Brief summary. <br /> <br /> Buster knows We filmed our world with the camera, making it a two-dimensional image at the bottom of this fact, it is the law of many jokes for his Cardinals. Making movies <br /> <br /> The actors are small and once again supporting the talent that is full of experience. Stanley Adams is Rollo and serves as the straight man of Mr. Keaton Jesse White, the old man 'Maytag Repair Man. 'Running a repair shop that corrects' Time HJelmet' Gil Lamb, a quiet veteran of the short comedy series RKO, was a police officer in the 1890s. James Flavin, George E.Stone, Harry Fleer, Warren Parker and Milton Parsons. All these silent characters. Most <br /> <br /> Without the sixth seed, we will say yes. There may be lessons that must be learned here. If not, then say "Grass will always look eco-friendly on the other side of the fence!" "Be careful of what you ask because you just get it!"
