This is a clever episode of the TWILIGHT ZONE that is a cartoon rather than a strange story or a sad story. Buster Keaton is Woodrow Mulligan, a janitor from 1890. America works in the laboratory. He continued to catch life problems around him: meats were too expensive (like $ 1.00 / pound, never heard!). He often shouted as a mad driver (on a bicycle - the car still didn't appear). He saw a helmet. Like a device by a scientist and wear it and try it out Suddenly he was in modern America. The beginning is a silent movie seven minutes. Now it is all noise. Talk. Beep sounded. Keaton is here for a few minutes when he realizes that the world is changing and not getting better. He ran into Stanley Adams, Professor Rollo, who knew that Mulligan came from C. 1890 (He referred to President Cleveland) Rollo wanted to live in a charming and quiet era. He helped Mulligan repair the helmet and they went back in time. Rollo was bored after a while because there was no scientific equipment he could use. Mulligan wore a helmet for him and sent him to the future. But now Woodrow is happy with the quiet and simple age he lives. He finds satisfaction. <br /> <br /> In the last fifteen years, Buster Keaton is often on the way. television (Many times for Allan Funt in CANDID CAMERA where he can help set up the gag technique in public). He also made a few movies. (Most notably the story that happened on the way to the stage and the subway) but sometimes he sprang up in the TV series and episodes He is in his composition. (Comedy film director Norman McLeod - he directed Marx Brothers in Horse Hair) in the techniques he can do. See how Stanley Adams and how he spent Adam Adams carrying him when he grabbed the pants he wanted. In terms of time, it reminds one of the gags he made in the 20s in movies like SHERLOCK JR. Now showing that Keaton has been adapted to men in the sixties. <br /> <br /> Appearances Jessie White (As a repairman of all things) Always welcome, but take a look at "Professor Rollo". Stanley Adams is a person well known in movies and television since 1950, until suicide at His sadness in 1977 was plump, with an unabashed gesture and loud sound. His well-known role was For heavy weight (He wanted Anthony Quinn to be an Indian wrestler). His best-known television appearance was to be a space entrepreneur who introduced the Starship organization crew in STAR TREK. Known to animals with small fur that is rich in "Tribbles" (eg in "The Trouble With"). Adams is always worth looking at (like Jesse White and Keaton for sure) in order to increase production efficiency. Prague I've never understood himself to his suicide. But it is a tragic ending for the first-rate actors
