Cosimo (Luis Guzman) ended up in jail for stealing cars and there he received a plan for complete robbery from prisoners. So he had to leave prison soon He told his girlfriend Rosalind. (Patricia Clarkson) to find someone to spend his time in prison for money But no one wants to make time for Cosimo's crimes and everyone seems to know that men will do that. Not long before the bad fighter, Pero Mahalovic (Sam Rockwell) discovered the details of this thing called "perfect job". <br /> <br /> First of all, I think this movie is very funny and from my point of view. I would like to recommend it to everyone. This film is made from the Italian comedy movie "I Soliti Ignoti". I didn't watch the original Italian, so I couldn't judge or compare these two movies, but "Welcome to Collinwood". Is a matter Excellent for himself. About four people tried to rob money from a tomb in a house. Everyone gives a portion of their intelligence from this movie. A really great movie for these actors: Sam Rockwell, William H. Macy (excellent), Isaiah Washington, Michael Jeter (excellent), Luis Guzmán, Patricia Clarkson, Jennifer Esposito and eventually George Clooney is involved. In this project, <br /> <br /> might say that this movie is only funny, not fair. This is more than that. Because of the difference Every thief in this movie has a little desire when asked what they will do with their money? Mainly keeping their future in a humble way. This truth, in addition to comedy in the spirit of the criminals, and not only them But there are also Babitch police who appear in the damaged area So here, Russo directors show us that criminals and police alike. Actually, all in Collinwood is; And not just in Collinwood, making everyone chase money in a legal or illegal way Eventually, I didn't like all the movies that the audience liked and shouted for stealing. But this is an exception You have to love them all. Riley with his baby and his wife in prison Toto and his pants, Cosimo and his line: "Your mother is a prostitute!" And all others. They are like the characters in my favorite cartoon, Alan Ford. They try to earn money. But unfortunately But they all do good: They give money to Riley so that he can take his wife out of jail. They are heroes in my eyes, causing many "honest" people to not do that.
