After watching the first movie at the age of 14, I remember being impressed when I heard the word 'govno' (sh * t) for the first time on a Soviet TV that remained silent. (I think it was * the first time in history Who wants to add this to the trivia part? :) ... I think it's courage and freedom! Over the years, I was more impressed with movies and performances that were incredible. But my feelings turned out to be a mix of fun from genuine art, movies, and the bitter conceptual perception of my 14-yo. Impression: Doing nothing with the air of disaster Inevitably appear throughout the film about primitive tides (Embedded by Sharikov) makes the life of the best minds progressing to mankind in the area ... It is a good metaphor of the Russian Revolution Above them and hoping to 'upgrade' their lower classes just to unleash the power of ordinary people and swallow it ... good pieces and charisma wrap the truly tragic ideas in style. Brilliant and elegant That symbol is enough. This movie is the end of the Soviet film tradition era before the tsunami in Hollywood will make them fail? It seems good for judging by most current Russian movies. (Mostly labeled 'Blockbuster' in the pre-release sample !!! Examples and posters :). <br /> <br /> Funny, 'govno' episodes are not conflicting. The comments of the Efenstor above are the vulgar language of the current generation ... from what I said, it may seem that this may be a movie that shows this method. But it is not Words that are disrespectful to today's standards are too rude and are rude enough to show the true nature of all Sharikovs ... BTW, the sadness of Efenstor. It is very innocent. For the Russian speaker, the only cussword may have a meaning that uses sentences in translation! But I joined with regret that all the meanings in today's youth speeches may be expressed with ridiculous words. I feel that this is a bigger problem than choosing the most effective media for the job :) This movie and the book are great food for ideas that may change them or anyone who may look luxurious.
