This movie (And yes, it's a movie - it was filmed as two parts But both parts come together for more than 2 hours a little) is one of the masterpieces of the film world. Is very good manners But at the same time, the denunciation of the Soviet regime and the type of people that flourished under the film was a film adapted from a long book that was banned by Mikhail Bulgakov. The scene was impeccable and the director decided. Great for filming in black and white sepia, adding a genuine sense of where the color that washed out in the late 80s would have all but destroyed. The film is I will not say much about the story which the audience should be discovered. But the show is a true Oscar material. Special mention about E. Evstigneev, who plays as an old professor who has a look, aptitude and kindness, almost without words or gestures. He became a thief in every scene he entered. Of course, life / Sharikov, who plays for the gruesome perfection by V. Tolokonnikov, is a fearsome character than Hannibal Lecter. But he exists only in real life - the whole country has men like him throughout history. <br /> <br /> While it is a comparative political, social, it is worth mentioning that this movie is still full. Humor, even though it's dark - there are many comedians who don't make me laugh as much as this movie. Moreover, when laughing with this movie, feeling is not just a joke. But it is an understanding and agreement which is always a good thing. <br /> <br /> There is not a complaint I have with this movie - only A minor flaw is the tone of the intellectual / shrewd, the middle class that I sometimes catch from the "Buddha" character, but that is a small matter. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this movie seems to be right for the company. Cross the license from the West It's a shame that one of the best movies in the area is exhausted and not translated. (Which shouldn't be incredibly difficult - although cultural references and vocabulary, all revolutions must be lost in translating the main theme of the movie should be Accessible to all) While we are waiting with our hands across for the Criterion model, I am considering creating English subtitles myself. Will see how the method works out
