Okhang from reading a few reviews about Atlantis: The Lost Empire. I just want to get rid of some misunderstandings that are directly copied from Nadia: Secret of the Blue Water. The only part that ripped from Nadia is the pendant from Na. Dias and hijackers from Atlantis are very similar in terms of how to use their origins and methods of creation from the source of life without doubt about copying. If you want to consider how Kida and Nadia dress up, you can wear it with Disney (it's strange for Nadia and Kida who wear bikini style clothes in Sci-Adventure Not to mention them, both moved into Similar style) As an anime fan, I have to admit that there are some imitations. But there are only a few details and although the idea is not as much as before (Such as the design of the coding on the wall in Laputa, ancient masks from Princess Mononoke, similarities Of vehicles to submarines, Garfish in Nadia, etc.) ... plot yourself. I believe it is genuine and it is quite amazing that Disney can pull it out without using Captain Nemo ( The main character in Jules Verne's sea, which is the main character in Nadia) for Mylo and Jean, wears similar style glasses ... as appears in the novel "Lord of the Flies". Glasses are symbols of wisdom and wisdom. That Mylo, Jean, the character From Stargate characters "INTELLIGENT" the other ten are not suited for the role if they come without wearing glasses. For submarines and how the submarine fought (With a wide torpedo gun that is similar to what Nautilius did) I want to specify that it is an essential element for one if Atlantis involves an underwater plot) for a crew that resembles a crew from Nautilius in the field It may be a work of art. But I do not feel that there is any copyright infringement because my character's character is completely original As an anime fan that graded Nadia as the # 1 best anime I've ever watched even today. I have doubts about Atlantis when I saw the sample for the first time. But now I watch movies and I regain confidence with Disney again and have high hopes for their future movies after Atlantis. Overall, the best Disney movies don't have me shaking with their music in the middle of the movie, and it's the advantage that they edit the wonderful script to make it even better. It is also amazing that they show that the bad guys look normal without making them evil at first. (I wonder who is a bad guy and only a blonde girl with a bad character. Pulling them to know to make the bad guys look really scary)
