After watching his two silent shorts 'Elena and her (1956)' are my first lengthy films from a French director named Jean Renoir and I like it a lot. Anyway, I didn't watch the movie Renoir, but for actor Ingrid Bergman, who ?? At the age of 41 ?? Continues to spread beauty, elegance and unparalleled charm Throughout the early 1950s, after her marriage to Italian people like Roberto Rossellini, Bergman's people fell in love with the people temporarily. Her next five films, directed by her husband, were unsuccessful in the United States, and I suspect that Renoir's recent launch was only a little to increase Bergman's popularity with English speaking audiences. {But she succeeded in the past year 'Anastasia (1956)'} She is the star of Elena Sokorowska, a Polish princess who sees herself as a guardian angel, bringing success and recognition to the people who promised anywhere before. Will leave them immediately While working on her lucky charm to help with the political aspirations of the famous Francois Roll (Jean Marais), she found herself falling in love that she could not walk away from. This vague political film works well, either satire or romantic comedy, as long as you are not too serious. It is a fluffy, lightly romantic. <br /> <br /> Filming in Technicolor, which is lively, "Elena and Men Men" of her looks very good, bright colors, characters and costumes. The Polish princess of Bergman is a dreamer and obsessed with himself, not in a way that is not desirable. But almost a woman with high principles and confidence She was persuaded by a group of government accomplices who failed to convince General Rolland to be a coup d'état. He knew that he had used love for her to satisfy her delusions as "The Guardian Angel" Perhaps the only moral character of this film is Henri de Chevincourt (Mel Ferrer, then Audrey Hepburn's husband) who doesn't care about the selfish secondary motives of others and seeks Elena for love. And love alone This is what Renoir proudly recommends as the best French thing to do. 'Elena and her people' also tried with moderate success to reveal the superficiality of a high-level French coordinator through Eugène's clumsy voice. (Jacques Jouanneau) who can't love his lover with them. For these scenes, Renoir tries to create the humor that you may encounter in Mar's movie. King Brothers But this movie relaxes and relaxes so much that there is no energy left
