Since I watched the third or last time, I abstained from Lamaman and La Putin while waiting for the DVD. In the meantime, I read the French screenplay and Alain Philippon's document, Jean Eustache, after ending with frustrating film work, eleven movies, documentaries, doc and during, impossible to see or in the case of Mes petites amoureuses and Le PèreNoël ..., re-see <br /> <br /> A few questions that affect me at this time: The French language of Veronica, Poland has many spoken languages ​​(no more than d '" Not the highest d '"), even though she has an accent or Sex? I think I can tell you What is the lack of color, especially at the same point that the edge of the city is seen? This edge is different from sleep and travel that separates the world of The Tempest and The Winter's Tale. How Ditto Alphaville may be able to imagine the years that have passed since doing it. But Yuz ache will deliberately limit the environment of the movie? Is this a beautiful island? Alexandre is a fairy tale? Alexandre always has his own choreography, worrying about standing or walking, what to say, when announcing these decisions to those who pay less attention than he does. Or is this his way of trying to design others by doing for yourself? How is he different from Scottie's Vertigo? (I say I think a lot) What is the difference and there is one between Eustache's Léaud and Truffaut's and Godard's? What is the difference between Léaud and current? He still did it, no matter what it was in the latest chapter Irma Vep, Le Pornographe, regardless of age. When I arrived early for one of the most truffaut movies, Antoine Doinel (the character of Léaud), while every three or five minutes, the path would have twenty men in the Léaud tweed scarf with a nose looking. Find directions I do not know if this is a parody that is unconscious or unconscious. I am the age But do not know how they are At least there is no scarf. But I have a brother who seems to learn his transportation from Bresson
