First of all, I enjoy this movie very much and its message about the courage to live life to the full Very poetic with warm scenes and funny and sad scenes. Very lively. It's a pleasure to watch. This is my "exception": this movie is too long and at some point it continues to add more conflict. So that it begins to lose the main story I disagree even though there are other unrealistic opinions that there are many people with "strange" problems in this small village. I think it is absolutely true! There are amazing plays happening everywhere. We just don't know about this about people we meet only superficially. I do not like the ending, which is full of symbols and is very forced. It tastes bad because it's too much. I don't like having to talk about a lot of issues in the group. (When some people accuse others in front of other people on important matters, people will be more "ashamed" with all the voices that exist in front of everyone. Those people are groups that work closely with) and: self-protection is the strongest instinct of humans. And why did Daniel let himself be beaten and never fought back even in his own defense? I mean he is not weak, at least he can try to protect himself when attacked. But it made me very angry that I didn't see him doing anything As if the storyteller tried to convey a message like "No need to use violence" but the way he chooses to do this is not good. I'm still against violence. But the character loses credibility when he is still unable to attack despite all and: Gabriel ... Why on earth is this woman who spent many years with men who beat her up to find men? That person when he was arrested and said "I don't want you to be harmed like all of us." Oh, actually this thing is so bad! Will she be a saint or something? It would be normal for her to be bitter, but not nearly "sacred" and therefore not human. She worked very well with Daniel and the music so that she forgot all that had happened to her. Oh, please. However, I still think that this is a delightful movie in every story, which is amazing, making me feel uneasy with some things. Watch it !! ;-) "
