Daniel Daréus, the famous international music director (Michael Nyqvist), has a heart attack with his stressful career and is busy with his successful career with early retirement. He decided to go back to his homeland in northern Sweden, where his mother left when he was a seven-year-old boy who was persecuted by Conny and other school friends. He bought an old school. And was invited to join the choir of the Shepherd Church (Niklas Falk) in the local area, but Daniel was hesitant and shy. However, he shared with the community and was attracted by Lena (Frida Hallgren), a local woman with a past with a local doctor. His music opens the minds of members of the choir that affect their daily lives: Tore that slowly (André Sjöberg) has the opportunity to participate in the choir; Inger (Ingela Olsson), the wife of Stig, publishes sexual repression; Gabriella (Helen Sjöholm) accepts a harsh and violent husband's attitude. The gossip and discouragement Siv (Ilva Lööf) opened her heart to Lena; Fat Holmfrid (Michael Rahm) cries enough with the jokes of the businessman Arne (Lennart Jähkel); Even Daniel began to love the people and Lena as the love of his life. When they were invited to participate in a major contest in Vienna, Daniel found that his music opened the hearts of people, making his dreams come true. <br /> <br /> "Så Som I Himmelen" is a movie. Touching and delicate Is a very beautiful story It's impressive that director Kay Pollak and the screenwriter can develop a lot of characters in 132 minutes of use. The performance is supported by great musical scores and at least two great moments. Times: When Gabrielle sang her in concerts and of course the last concert in Vienna with the audience, the jury and everyone who participated in the melody His dreams come true. Like in "Teorema", strangers change lives, not just families. But is a conservative community Moreover, as with many European films, open summaries indicate that Daniel died at least in my interpretation, I achieved peace with his musical success. My eyes were soaked in these two scenes. My rating is nine. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "A Vida no Paraíso" ("Life in Heaven")
