In 2004, Kay Pollak, the heartwarming Så som i himmelen / While in heaven, will be the prototype of every humanity and humanity of Sweden. It has a lot of ammunition for critics who are constantly blaming observers and Saccharine masterminds, but can explain the colors of life in small communities. The film also has a proverbial message about 'Search for your own voice' and 'Just do it, even if there is fear' without having to remove the lump from the neck of the insult. <br /> <br /> Success as Many people come from two facts. Firstly, small films about strangers bring new life to the Christian community in the countryside, giving a vast scope for the revelation of hypocrisy, while at the same time helping the restrained characters from their hair. In the same year and with the Swedish wind in the same way, the Queen of the Pearls of Sheba did so and Babette's party came to mind too. Secondly, any movie about a small community that goes around the world will affect human beings in our world that are self-focused and selfless. The similarity of this film structure with the likes of The Full Monty, Brassed Off, Calendar Girls and On a Clear Day shows the debt burden of the formula. But it is a living formula that is left and this seems to be because people want a positive movie that creates a sense of community almost in spite of themselves. <br /> <br /> Strangers are burnt. Maestro Daniel Lairus researches new discoveries for himself. The city that he visited or visited again was unknown to the town, which was the place of his childhood. He was brutally bullied from classmates here because he was a delicate musician without having to drive a truck. Here he undertook the choir / choir, although there were doubts about artists and outsiders. Of course, this place has a wide variety of populations, which can predict what type of character: a girl with a frustrated hair at a fair level. Local businessmen who call mobile phones Women who lost beauty in the midst of home abuse The strict pastor and his strict wife, who initially seemed to come from Ingmar Bergman Also available: jealous, spinster uptight (Siv) (check); The elderly, whose souls still sing (ka), an elderly couple who may be able to tolerate each other from kindergarten (check); Fat people who are responsible for pointing out that we shouldn't laugh and say 'fat' (check); Children with intellectual disabilities who prove to be able to sing 'A' well (check) <br /> <br /> Pollak's movie is not a warm fuzzy in any way, it distracts from 'Try to wear sub-items despite the defeat and moral resistance' sub-categories. It has violence and endings that may be a metaphor for death after achieving creative nirvana. The violence of this movie is mostly a function of anger and suppression of men. But never delve into why the bullying school that grew up to be the winner of this wife Similarly, a small town pastor closely adheres to the moral rules, wearing the ultimate black Protestant black dress, which revealed his secret in a little girl magazine. His oppression and hypocrisy were there, without involving the psychological reality. Perhaps the unexplained image of the little boy, perhaps the lost son, may glance at his shoulder once a secret. <br /> <br /> Perhaps these holes are the duty of correction. Found, for example, the appearance of Siv not explained in the choir (two) after the ethical eruption In fact, there has been no abnormality in this movie for a long time and seems to be corrected within the scene. In addition to the awkward love scenes, sometimes 127 minutes of movies dragged around. But there is a feeling that things may be left on the cutting floor. <br /> <br /> The film still has three star strength. Holes that can be selected This is just because in the world of flicks that focus on technology and concrete self-searching, anything in the human community is deep, welcoming everyone, even others.
