This is a BBC television mini series that is heavily occupied, based on the mysterious disappearance of a young mother. But this drama is a study of various characters in the story, which lasted five hours. It is therefore a band that many talented British actors and actresses can show their talents. The actual character is 'One type of person who doesn't really meet' is boring and gloomy people that are difficult to admire them. For example, the lead character is a young husband. (The person whose wife disappeared) who has no job and does not have any interest in the search. He lives with a handout document from his parents. He was in the army. But did not appear to have a slight flicker of ambition or interest in life other than his small family. He was played by David Oyelowo, who was good at that part. Only that he loved and mourned that he had done so wonderful, so he wanted to comfort him while he was Apparently being a good person The great performance of this series is Penelope Wilton, which acts as a circle around everyone in the story. She's incredible She truly shows compassion for women who are merciless. The only character in the story that everyone is familiar with, everyone is too irresponsible, hysterical, self-centered, dense, Curious, passionate. Alas, we know them too. Wilton is one of the UK's best female actors. (See my review of 'Half Broken Things') She plays a role that may be two-dimensional and creates her four dimensions. She received a marvelous support from Patrick Malahide, an older professional who played the angry husband and their partners, creating a high standard for all young players. Is a kind of less sympathetic person at the moment that she is older, has roughness in some ways and goes out But she exchanged herself in the latter part of the story by showing that it was excellent. She can be an actress when she has the opportunity to draw the most reliable and original drunk scenes I have ever seen in a movie. The great surprise is Sarah, a mysterious character who plays this role in depth. She played a role that was almost boring and with magic acting, she became a mysterious and interesting person, which we wondered tirelessly throughout the five hours. She's so good at this story that we wonder about Sarah Smart. Frankly, I guess that's what happens when you do your job correctly. Actually, other people wonder how the character ends and the actor. Begins if you know yourself, that is, and many people can't She had a terrifying trick with her distracting eyes and informed us that she was not in need. But we are not sure what to do or why, even though we finally know that she has a severe and painful childhood Her facial expressions are not particularly clear. Rory Kinnear is incredibly believing as a hopeless friend who lives with his mother and not much. But it turns out that there is a hidden depth (I think most people have hidden depths. But we want to plunge them. That's the question.) His mother played very well by Margot Leicester. The great performance was received by Lucinda Dryzek, a vicious female player, every young woman who we were afraid to meet. But during that important time he collapsed with helpless tears and became pathetic. The other three children are good friends of Lucinda and her brother and sister. The younger brothers may be very dim as characters in the story. (It seems that they can't say anything, especially the desperate witnesses for the disappearance), almost without introducing them. But it is sweet. Massey is a boy and Tyler Anthony is a girl. Harriet Walter has a small role. But we didn't see her much, which was a shame because she was the actress she lost. One can go But have to draw a line somewhere This series has a strange charm because of the depth of expression of these uninteresting people stuck in the web of anxiety and suspicion.
