It is still a clear program about World War II. The World At War is not long, but still very informative. This series has a total of 26 episodes (each episode takes about 45 minutes) and includes events leading up to and following the war. Most episodes about the war in Europe, and there are many episodes about the war in the Pacific. Other episodes include information about wars in Africa, Myanmar, the Atlantic and the front lines of Germany, the United Kingdom, the United States and the Soviet Union. There was one episode dedicated to genocide. The series begins with A New Germany (1933-1939) and tells about the rise of the Nazis in Germany and German territories before the outbreak of war. The series ends with the episode remembered; The influence of war in the post-war world Remember that it is the right episode to finish this great program. Every episode starts with a short introduction and with opening credits Credits will come with a powerful music theme. There are many songs that are suitable in the series. Each episode is like a mini movie. The image was excellent and the way it was gathered together. In addition, some of the images are in color. The information is still made to be memorable and enjoyable. <br /> <br /> This series, produced by Jeremy Isaacs for the Thames Television (UK), was commissioned in 1969. It took four years to produce. Depth of research This series is described by Laurence Olivier. (One of the most famous and respected actors of the 20th century) sets interviews with leading members of the campaign, allies and the Axis, including accounts of witnesses by civilians, enlisted men, and politicians among them. Marlene Donitz, Jimmy Stewart, Bill Mauldin, Curtis LeMay, Lord Mountbatten Alger, Tissikazu Kase, Arthur Harris, Charles Sweeney, Paul Tibbets, Traudl Junge and historian Stephen Ambrose Jeremy Isaacs said that in "the creation of the world of war" He wants Whether you need not be a big name interviews of survivors. But as their assistant and assistant The most difficult thing to find and persuade an interview by Isaac is Karl Walsh, Helm Himmler's assistant. After admitting to being a witness to the massive executions in Himmler's presence, <br /> <br /> The world in which war is often considered a clear television history of World War II. Some people think that it is the best example of a documentary format in the list of the 100 greatest British television programs drawn by the British Film Institute in 2000, voted by industry professionals. The World at War is ranked. The 19th program has everything the audience needs to know about the war. After watching a few episodes, I liked this series so much that I tried to watch the remaining episodes. I've seen some people many times There are two other documentaries I know which may be of interest to the audience. One is called The Great War (1964) about the First World War, also known as the Cold War (1998), which is clearly related to the Cold War.
