This interesting feature has a very good story. The characters are quite colorful and stable. It also included a plot device from "Reap the Wild Wind" and because Cecil B. Deille directed that performance and his son-in-law Anbthony Quinn directed the film from his preparation, which was almost a coincidence. It works in both cases. I have to report. Unusual settings tell the audience that Barataria, an island that was ruled by Jean Lafitte, was built from piracy. But during the war of 1812 and before, he often refrained from disturbing US ships. Now, General Andrew Jackson is charged with protecting nearby New Orleans, with only 12,000 men from 60,000 redcoats of the British Empire and 60 ships. Lafitte's people want him to be part of a strong force. He wanted freedom and forgiveness for his followers before raising the strategic landing point to the US Army. There are other factors in the story. The pirate Bonnie Brown and her father wanted to attack the US ship and follow Lafitte's orders, causing the young man to still live without knowing that they had missed witnesses. When his testimony finally came out, Jackson couldn't give up what La Fitch asked. But La Fitts continued to support him, and in the fog, pirates and Jackson were defeated by the British, and he sailed for everything that the fate was waiting for. Actors of this truly colorful and lovable movie. Yul Brynner has one of his best roles as a pirate king. Inger Stevens is beautiful as a woman he loves. Charles Boyer has a good career. As many as his mentor, Lorne Greene, who is powerful, is a competitor to EG The governor and Claire Bloom have all the charm like Bonnie Brown, others on the team, including Ted de Corsia, Douglass Dumbrille, George Mathews, Henry Hull as Jackson's adviser, Bruce Gordon, Onslow Stevens. , Robert F. Simon, Henry Brandon, Fran Jeffries and Leslie Bradley and others. Elmer Bernstein's songs are very memorable and the 1938 chapter is rearranged here just to be refreshed. The film is the work of Loyal Griggs, decorated by Albert Nozaki, Hal Pereira and Walter Tyler, decorated by Sam Comer and Roy Moyer and costumes by Edith Head, John Jensen and Ralph Jester Neil Manman. Lee made an elaborate hairstyle and Wally Westmore, a tough makeup artist. This film has a dialogue on a level of great adventure and a very intense fighting scene. Charlton Heston, as well as Andrew Jackson, prepared to play as part of the senior generals, then found that the young man was still in the time of the battle; But he often has powerful gray hair or not, especially in exchange with Henry Hull, while Mr. PVI This is an exciting and well-equipped entertainment that looks like C.B. DeMille has been finished. It is a beautiful animation and almost very detailed.
