If my expectations are not over, they certainly meet. "Nancy Drew" works both enigmatic and funny. It is a homage to books that are based on deception at the same time. The movie begins with close-up close-up on the bookshelf and animated credit sequence, similar to the illustrations from the book. From then on he would immediately send light to the book. The writer / director Andrew Fleming seemed to realize the idea of ​​a teenage girl who regularly destroyed a small crime ring in a small town. Therefore do not treat religious ideas He mocked Nancy Drew's ability to do everything, such as Ace. Every class in the school knew that baking was perfect for converting any enemies beside her. Build a bird house that has twelve braces. Nancy will always be in perfect form if she lived in a healthy 1950s instead of the current LA, and she held a "detective set" with dust, fingerprints, flashlights, compass and magnifying glass, of course. I seem to remember the accessibility of Hardy Boys at any time when the CSI device is too convenient. And if your personal eyes look younger than your literary counterparts, it is beyond the sense of humor in the movie. <br /> <br /> The mystery of this movie is handled more seriously. Nancy and her lawyer's father moved from their small town to Los Angeles, where Nancy digs for cases involving murder of a Hollywood movie star who lives in Her new home decades ago, Nancy searched for clues in a form that was actually usable, such as web surfing sites like Google and this video, and watching old videotapes of victims' movies. When you do more than usual, you have to appreciate the kindness of women. Emma Roberts is an undeniably cute boy, playing a beautiful amateur investigator. She makes the perfect woman too perfectly cute. If not completely true, Tate Donovan is still excellent as the father of Carson Drew is too perfect. He is an ideal father without perfection, unrealistic, and he expresses a rational concern for his daughter when she is in danger. The less satisfying is Max Thierot's, used by Ned Nickerson, Nancy's girlfriend. I like the image of George O'Hanlon Jr. in the 1970 television series starring Pamela Sue Martin as Nancy Drew, which Ned is a unwieldy boy. And a little bit cluttered with Nancy. Corky's character (Josh Flitty), twelve years old who is interested in Nancy, is less annoying than Thierot's Ned's Max Thierot. Amy Bracker and Kay Pana Baker look. Appropriately as a teammate of Nancy Bess and George But they made a short cameo at the beginning of the movie. <br /> <br /> Speaking of hijackers, Chris Kattan (SNL), Eddie Jemison ("Ocean's 13") and Bruce Willis surprised them. A guest who proves that you can't predict what movie Bruce Willis will appear next time. <br /> <br /> The movie can't live. It was said earlier. This is that Drews' new home is heavily stuck in the hospital. But Nancy and her father made a trap that trapped a few minutes later. In addition, Nancy also described the cold case that she was about to investigate as a murder case in a lavish banquet that would have caused many potential murderers. But she found only a few suspects And while there are some moments of real doubt during the adventures of Nancy, the exit of this case is nowhere, and in the end, all possible planning topics are easily linked and ignored. who Ralph Salman's score raises doubts for the movie, but contemporary Teenybopper songs woven into the soundtrack are a bad thing. Even so, I enjoyed this movie very much, and while this movie aimed primarily at tweet girls, people of all ages and ages can enjoy it.
