"La Maman and la putain" are the most beautiful movies of all time. And the most moving thing may be the relationship between reality and art related to movies that are directly inspired by "A la Recherche du temps perdu" of Proust. <br /> <br /> Of course "La Maman et la putain "and" in search of lost time "Clearly tell the same story: one of the failures of love, which repeats itself endlessly. The first woman is always named Gilberte and the second woman looks like Gilberte's twists and twists: Veronika is like a "Gilberte prostitute". Beautiful as at night while Gilberte is pure and "beautiful like day" after the failure of first love. The second love begins. But this love began with the first love. Veronika came to replace Gilberte in Alexandre's life and in the movie she slowly obscured her progress one at a time. Gilberte still arrives when Alexandre waits for Veronika. That shows that it is a sad story that happens repeatedly as well as "The unfaithful woman", as Alexander says, appears endlessly - and unfaithful for Proust. The higher point in love that makes it available. <br /> <br /> Art is what makes The difference between what is outside - the illusion of love - and what is inside, which is true and is learning this truth. For example, when Veronica noticed that the strange way that Alexander did was bed, he replied that he saw it in the movie and then that movie was "It was created to learn how to live. Alexander wants to live like a movie. He wants his life to be an art. <br /> <br /> The idea of ​​this art comes from Proust, whom Eustache shared. refuse "Political art" and artistic realism "La Maman et la putain" fighting the idea of ​​art "principaly political" - see examples of criticism of political films by Alexandre. As Proust said: "Art is not interested. All this statement and only in silence. "First, art is contemplation. And that is the reason for denying realism or popularity: art must change to reality. Proust wrote: "I discovered the illusion of realism which is a lie." That's why "La Maman et la putain" is not Conceal their identity, underline the way the actors "say" their message: "The more you look, the higher you are," Eustache said. <br /> <br Eustache and Proust Both share The idea that the artist is a "translator" of inner truth, but Alexandre fail Eustache successful "La Maman and la putain" Tell us about the failure of the character is what he is, truly. You can feel the tragedy that happened when you continued in the movie, which became sad. You can see it when facing Alexander, who seems more and more dead. You can see from the fact that the scene is longer and after a while, nothing happens outside. At the end of the movie, when you see Alexandre and Veronika's writing asking if he is writing his life, you can guess that he is not that person, even literature has failed. At the end of this movie, the death of Alexander's symbol was destroyed in truth. And in this small hospital, Alexandre looks more like Albertine than Marcel. <br /> <br /> To explain this failure, we can say that Alexandre is a reader of Balzac in "Forme et signification", Jean. Rousset explains that in Proust's readers of Balzac, Swann and Charlus, can not create any art because they are stuck in the reality that they misunderstand art. They see reality in art and "Not knowing the changes that need to exist between the artist's life and his work between reality and art" and that is Alexandre. "Love women for parallel reasons because she plays Bresson's example." He is like Swann who falls in love with Odette because she looks like Botticelli's girl. <br /> <br /> "Life may not be my career." This idea was fulfilled by Eustache, who committed suicide, although it was said by Alexandre. However, there is a difference between Alexandre and Eustache: If Eustache is Alexandre for sure, Alexandre is like an art without art, a scary image of Silip This makes his fear figurative /> <br /> The fall Veronika <br at Alexander's was branded an illusion. It is the death that reminds me of the last frame of this movie in front of Jean Pierre Lerder and Veronica. Or perhaps it was the hell that describes the end, as in Sarte's "Huit-Clot", and unlike the last release of "Le Temps retrouvé". If Eustache read Proust Alexander would not be able to read The book ends by being disturbed by life and Veronica when he tries to read it at his apartment or in a coffee shop. "La Maman et la Putain" is like the inversion of "Find the lost time" which says that Alexander didn't become an artist while "A Recherche du temps perdu" said that Marcel became a writer (Genette). <br /> <br /> If like Bodle Said that one artist said "The truth of the light of his dreams" It was his nightmare that Eustache told us in "La Maman et la putain"
