In what may be seen as a coup against the sexual "revolution" (I intend to use the words for that statement). Jean Eustache wrote and directed The Mother and the Whore as a poem criticizing the damage That can not find enough love if there is a message about this film - and I hope the message will come after the fact that the lengthy features of Ben-Hur have nothing else - to love and be honest There must be something True happiness level Is it possible to have two lovers? Some people can try But the result is that if no one can really have what they want or feel that they can express what they want. <br /> <br /> The truth in the relationship at Alexandre (Jean-Pierre Leaud) is What with the women around him? He is a wise man, twenty people do not have a job, and he still lives with Marie's women. (Bernadette La Font) is slightly older than him and is often his lover. His last possible love - his life left him and then he took the woman he saw on Veronika Street ( Françoise Lebrun) which may remind him of her Soon, things that spread out were the coolest, most delicate love triangles in the movie, where the psychological lines were drawn with cruel words and minimal gestures. At first we thought that it might be about what would happen to Alexandre, but we misunderstood. Women are important to the question of love and sex that they have to be close to, talk to and continue to allow things to sink. <br /> <br /> We say that part of the sexual revolution in The theory, if not all, in practice (Probably, I can't tell that there is no life in the moment to see it myself). That is the freedom that leads to lack of restraint. But the issue of Eustace, if not all of the messages, is impossible to have in both ways: you cannot have someone to love you and expect to be satisfied by the best friend that comes with "f *** ing" referenced characters over and over again <br /> <br /> The strengths of Mother and the Whore as having themes are showing fear under promiscuity. The absence of a single spouse while The same stimulates the intellect in talking to you. Seen in the movie. At the same time, we saw the character Alexandre, who might like to listen to himself, saying that it was about a movie he saw or a terrible story from his past. Although it seems, however - it's about the pretentiousness that is under those who conceal their internal defects, what they have to use when they are people. At the end, <br /> <br /> If you think the movie like Before Sunrise / Sunset is a very talkative story, you don't see each other, but when Eustache is fond of the dialogue, these characters are sometimes there. Slightly or 'deep' or about sex or straightforward or sometimes very (Or in a weakening manner) the mood is never boring or boring On the other hand, for those who are unable to receive this good talk movie While his style did not claim the courage that came with his pathfinder in the vague Nouvelle for decades before Eustache's new wave exposure came with the character and then reflected back. <br /> <br /> The truth is that there are attitudes that are interrupted by things at the time of blasphemy and insulting and without shame of expression. The three actors were stuck with their characters until we could not recognize that they were 'teased' by emotion or into a melodrama. It is almost too good in nature / realism, but for Eustache's material there is no other way around. Fortunately, Leaud delivers the excellent chips in his career at that time and the two ladies, especially Labrun as "whore. "Veronika (which she claims is a great argument in a great movie in a single match) and as a touch, often the director will absorb in the moment Quiet thought of the character, sitting by himself, listening to the notes and in contemplation or quiet suffering. This may be the greatest influence of Jim Jarmusch, who devoted the movie Broken Flowers to Eustache, and has a particular scene that is completely lifted (and loved) closer from the late Paris. <br /> <br /> Sadly, Will speak Before I saw the flowers cracked, I had never heard of Eustache or this movie and tried to make it quite challenging. (Not available on US DVDs and in the VHS is very rare. It takes many months to follow up on various libraries.) No time for a moment. The Mother and the Whore is a truly beautiful work, one of the best relationship plays. Of France, perhaps just one of the most clear stories I've seen from a general country. It's complicated. It's sweet. It's cold. Absorb and it's very long. Maybe too long. It is also satisfying at the level that I compare with the scenes from marriage. The true revelation of human condition still occurs 35 years after the screening of each film.
