Unfortunately, Jean Eustache (1938-1981) is like the leading French film makers today, with those who do not know the rare and not released films on international DVDs. Since we have a good old-fashioned video store in Tucson, I had the opportunity to watch a marvelous 3 1/2 hour marathon race for ten seconds. <br /> <br /> Because we talked here. One of the most discussed movies (And is the most controversial) all the time, let me tell you my impression that the endless dialogue, which is typical for the "Nouvelle Vague" tree of Jacques Rivette or Alain Resnais, the dialogue is generally spoken by people The longest spoken by Jean-Pierre Léaud. The most striking feature is the separation of the speeches of those two people, almost zero. Alexander or his character Alexander is happy to tell himself more than what he said. So one can hardly talk about communication in this movie. It is possible that the director will have a big word in his heart against the use of political thought and sociology that was once hotly discussed. But the type of man Alexandre has all the time. We found him in the "Satiricon". The work is very similar to "The Mother and the Whore". <br /> <br /> Alexandre not only did anything but him. Develop metaphysics about the lack of performance at least Social responsibility which is part of him He mocked the people who worked at 7 o'clock in the morning when he was busy with the last drink before he went to bed in a girlfriend's apartment from the money he had lived. He could not say one sentence without mentioning one of the leading thinkers between Nietzsche and Bernanos, especially Sartre, who quickly showed up in the French intellectual cafe "Aux Deux Magots" at Alexandre. Used as an excuse for the life of Alexandre and their colleagues because they experienced a crisis from the middle class. However, Alexandre's intellectual speech seemed to be quite Beside the pseudo-intellectual and sentences and sentences that he refers to appear to be from the dictionary of quotations rather than from reading his true books. <br /> <br /> It's true: this movie needs knowledge in the band. The breadth of Europe, especially those who have a philosophy of French existence and affect the revolutionary movement, 68 students, but if you have this knowledge more than you can enjoy With 215 minutes of live TV and crying with laughter, as if you had not done for a long time.
