Comedies often have an unfortunate reputation with little real depth. The earth and man proved that the idea was false. Shaw's play is full of comedy, blending entertainment and true philosophical depth. <br /> <br /> At one level, Arms and the Man is a successful and unique comedy. Cheerful and superficial from the military family involved in the war Her fiance and her father are both soldiers. She was shocked when one night the enemy soldiers arrived. She saved his life by knowing that she had to keep this secret from her family forever, and eventually the soldiers left. Of course, when the war ended, the soldier returned to force each of the main characters to reassess their relationship. <br /> <br /> It is quite interesting that Shaw has a meaning. Within the plot of a fairly standardized joke, Shaw commented on creating a class on the irrationality of war and even in the nature of love. And of course he did this to Panya Chavier and in a satisfactory plan There are many things to think about, which I think will not be missed in a single visit. Arms and the Man is a great comedy theater and one of Shaw's best works. < br>> <br /> "Arms and the Man" is both a fun and thought-provoking movie that is still relevant even today. A century after being first conceived Shaw mocks the popular theory of war and love and combines military satire with mockery about love and family structure. The play is witty, witty, buoyant, and Sarasms bitter. A good example of Shaw's dialog is the statement of Captain Bluntschli to Serguis: "I am a professional soldier: I fight when I have to do it and I am very happy to come out when not doing you. Only Amateur. You think the fight is fun. "Of course, as the son of a Swiss hotel attendant, Bluntschli has no reason to be involved in the war and is ridiculous that Shaw questions the Feel patriotic Shaw explores all the concepts of war and military from both sides of the battle and ultimately shows that the feelings in both camps are not different. <br /> <br /> The dialogue and satire used In the general concept of Life is entangled with the gentle confidence of the movement of the story that has the ending of the fairy tale. The end to which all the characters are happy and the lovers change and love changes, which emphasizes the importance of this drama as a comedian. This is a movie that supports the image of international charm and is still appropriate today when the concept of war and patriotism and love and marriage have changed dramatically. Shaw's "weapons and men" should maintain relevance as long as there is love and war.
