Doyle never wanted to revive Holmes from the death with Professor Mori Arty in the adventure of the final problem. However, financial considerations made him willing (in 1901) to write THE Hound of the BASKERVILLES, which is still considered to be Holmes' best novel, and may be his best novel, but it is the "memoir" of The great detective wrote before he died. There was only a great public outcry from his public that Doyle resurrected Holmes completely in the empty publishing adventures published in 1905. <br /> <br /> Not a short story. New. Perhaps the three stories are really scary. But even scary stories can be read very much Many people later (Such as the adventures of Christian scholars) is really good But the unevenness of production (Especially after the story in HIS LAST BOW (1917)) is more clear. He repeated past story lines and he showed Holmes really negative aspects. In the adventures of three lines, Holmes ridiculed the African characters. <br /> <br /> Spoiler happened: <br /> <br / > The Adventures of CHARLES AUGUSTUS MILVERTON, related to Holmes trying to recover a compromise letter from Milverton, a successful blackmailer. It is an interesting example of how Doyle can create a story that can be read highly with a minimum plot because there are little real detective work in the story. Holmes was hired to try to negotiate with him. Lverton about buying mail But to get them back no matter what happens! Milverton proves not only But not willing to consider a small number of documents But preparing to protect himself from Holmes who tried to find his person Later, we learned that Holmes had entered Milverton's house by inviting a maid while disguised. At the end, Holmes went with Watson to steal Milverton's house. He and Watson are in the house when they find that Miltonton is waiting for a new business deal in his studies. (People with information that Milverton can use) Holmes and Watson hid carefully while women came into becoming victims of damage caused by Miltonton's past activities and blackmailers. Die Holmes and Watson were able to set fire to Milverton's compromise documents before escaping from the house and discovering the identity of the woman. Police (under Lestrade) did not find two mysterious men That ran from Milverton's home and they were tired of Milverton's activities (They can't take anything back home with him) clearly. Get fixed. <br /> <br /> The story is not one of the interesting things that have real detective work related, such as the adventures of a special band or a silver flame. It is a matter of emotion and action. Late - the problem that Holmes and Watson will receive documents or will they be captured by Milverton? It's not one of the best stories. But it is a story that has been told well and interesting. <br /> <br /> When he wrote CHARLES AUGUSTUS Milverton Conan Doyle had experience with Police about his activities. Sometimes, as an amateur detective / war maker, one artist is killed in his studio in London and Conan Doyle begins to write comments about how to kill the birth. up Then he stopped - apparently warned by his friend at Scotland Yard that the murder was not nude looking. The victims were victims of homosexuality and the police were convinced that it was a matter of quarrels between lovers. For the sake of the victim's family (this is 1905), Doyle left his interest in this case. So he realized that sometimes the British police behaved in what seemed to not prove their resolution - because of Lestred's restraint against anyone who killed the evil Milverton in the story. This <br /> <br /> stories that may be told in the long, regular hours of the series. But playing the level of THE MASTER BLACKMAILER takes time to show that the victims of Milverton (in Victoria / Edward England) face a grim situation. We see high-ranking military personnel who are likely to commit suicide when faced with contact with homosexual behavior because of Milverton's extravagant demands at the beginning of Teleley. And it is not just homosexuals Men and women who have a good reputation in heterosexual marriages may be labeled by revealing illegal children or revealing inappropriate relationships in the past. Actually, in this story, the woman who killed Milverton was avenging the destruction of her husband. <br /> <br /> Milverton is his most poisonous actor by Robert Hardy. Which, even when confronted with the unexpected anger he had released, was not completely disturbed Out of the house for a moment) Brett and Hardwicke performed very well in the role of Holmes and Watson as expected. <br /> <br /> The loss of the character by rumors or satire in 1905 was severe. how? In 1898, one of the heroes of the various Imperial wars and the final victory leader in the battle at Omdurman that destroyed the Mahdist army. (See the fourth character) is Sir Hector Macdonald. He was the governor of Sri Lanka in the year 1903, when he suddenly resigned unexpectedly. Sir Hector returned to London and shot himself in the hotel waiting for an inquiry. After that, it came out that "The Mac" is often considered to be the most popular army commander in the United Kingdom, being caught sleeping with a native child. Milverton will eat him quickly ... or his real life will have a pair.
