'Renaissance (2006)' was created over a period of six years, with support from France, Luxembourg and the United Kingdom for about 14 million. The end result is the success of animation cartoons in the form of A comic book that is similar to what Robert Rodriguez and Frank Miller achieved with 'Sin City (2005)' but the film uses motion capture with live actors. All animation formats Presented entirely in black and white, the movie looks like it was raised from the pages of a graphic novel based on and the future city of Paris appears above us. Directed by French film director Christian Volckman in the opening of a long documentary film 'Renaissance' draws from other films in the science fiction genre and the story of Noir technology is not something we have never seen before. The technical point of view is no mistake. <br /> <br /> The year is 2054. The city of Paris is a city full of dark alleys and abandoned corridors. The recent installation of modern technology only offers a mask. Some miserable, deteriorating conditions of the darkest buildings. Avalon, the city's largest company, has gained wealth through its commitment to beauty and youth to the people and the research department. The company constantly strives to create better ways to eliminate the aging process. Ilona Tasuiev (voiced by Romola Garai in the English version, which I watched). A cunning young scientist was mysteriously kidnapped when she Returning from the job and falling into the legendary detective Barthélémy Karas (Daniel Craig), where the key to the disappearance of women is Bislane (Catherine McCormack), Ilona's older sister, who has a sense of belonging. Trusting in the question and Jonas Muller (Ian Holm), a specialized doctor who loves Ilona as his daughter. <br /> <br /> Paris's dimly lit city, reminiscent of Ridley Scott's' Blade Runner (1982). And some technology seems to have been borrowed from Tom Cruise in the 'Minority Report (2002)' {which was accidentally set in the year 2054). However, despite this familiarity, Volckman created an exciting world for his character at I'll stay The combination of classic and science fiction movies, the result is an eye-catching collage of intense light and dark shadows, which I should warn, sometimes becoming difficult in the eyes of the audience. Conversations are a bit boring at times and stories. But participation does not offer anything new {Except for the ending, which I think is bold in the normal formula} but 'Renaissance' is intended to work Best for eye treatment and cannot be denied.
