The closing of the credit sequence turned out to be a short man with a strange nightmare. Closed in Paris in 2097. The film begins with a young woman entering a dirty club where she and the Slavic bartenders gather on the deck. They threw an exclamation point each other, saying that she had to pay him more, even though she believed she had received all the money. Another woman hindered the violence that occurred only to bitterly fight with women. The first woman started out and she was kidnapped. The Renaissance of Christian Volckman seems to be another person in the movement's sci-fi noir image, capturing the latest motion. But even if it is true or not But it tells a simple classic detective story In the dark at the time of opening, even when introducing Karas, the boisterous police that we knew from the beginning when the man woke up from a horrible dream. <br /> <br /> The arrogance of classic movies. Noir is all but there is no change at all for all intent and purpose. It was in the cruelty of monochrome that the French thriller Volckman did not follow the example. For the movie's animators that separate themselves from the challenges of physical lighting that are generally faced, they can start with a completely black frame and stick to black and white images based on screen actions. While they mimic the effect of real light sources carefully throughout the frame, the difference between black and white here is filled without the use of even the slightest shades of gray to get the tone with the code. Less clear morals Intense vision and judgment about the direction in which civilization, trade, is progressing periodically, causing glare and ruthlessness from the most illumination. It is the study of the art of noir movies that bring to the extent of the philosophical viewpoint and nothing has ever existed before the joint action of this vision. <br /> <br /> Character All in the cyber punk movie If getting out of the Gothic comic book with pure black ink But all their physical responses, their movements and the differences in facial expressions look ashore on humanity clearly Usually, movies that experiment with new developments in animation will make their technical progress beyond all aspects of production. For example, Sin City, substance, and overall fine screen adjustments from The source material needed <br /> <br /> It may be unbelievable, it may have a meeting, a lecture, and a dub may sound. Just enough But Renaissance generated $ 19 million over the last six years, not only But gives the feeling of true noir rather than using inappropriate writing But not yet inferior to all visual innovation One leaf did not think much when Karas dodged a bullet shot through a crowded street in Paris. But about contemplating life and death, the sadness of life, such as death, makes life meaningful
