Every second of the movie is beautiful. And that is why it makes money 7 because the plot is not particularly determined and thinks back in the last 90 minutes. I never felt excited or invested in the characters at all. If there is anything elegant graphics and framing can make certain scenes (Like chasing a car) pedestrians more than they should be - not that they don't look cute and have exotic designs and exotic camera angles There are no animated movements and close-ups that are part of the language for general action / thriller. The first hour of birth comes together and the dialogue gives the feeling of being modified and there is a small step - people are waiting to finish and not responding to the normal rhythm, which is a problem in recording each person's conversation separately. On rare occasions, the mood in the voice does not match that on the screen. Things to avoid really Future architecture is very interesting (glass walls / ceilings / lots of screens, lovely smoke / illusions / special effects) and cars that look good, but again - it's more graphic design exercises. I confirm that the whole point of using the drawn animation (instead of actors / CGI) is to push the limits of imagination and design. Do things that are too difficult / impossible in other media. Although the animation in the Renaissance era is amazing and incredibly successful. But I never felt like seeing something I had never done before. <br /> <br /> Immortel, another French CGI movie, also suffers. Of beauty rather than stories and steps For fairness, some interesting and engaging French films have a weary rhythm and lingering images in someone's eyes or rain on pebbles. Paris can cause a good mood - but anime. Must understand that There are weaknesses compared to real life techniques. Maybe it is different from the 'Noir' rule that the movie needs. But I think the filmmakers still miss the opportunity to look at the future of their future society - the tangible social strata of the company, etc. <br /> <br /> I have no problems in introducing. Renaissance for anyone who likes the stylistic design and / or animation (Especially the 'Manga' fans), but I won't make other movie-loving friends get rid of beautiful pictures and are almost uncommon.
