Imagine the classic noir story that combines Sin City's stylish black and white image. Then imagine the thriller in the dystopian science fiction, such as Steven Spielberg's Minority Report or Richard Linklater's. A Scanner Darkly The combination of the above is an appropriate way to explain the coldness and atmosphere of director Christian Volckman in the future in the launch of his documentary. But even though Volckman's work is based on the movie mentioned above and something similar to them But a simple hybrid is not made in the Renaissance, the final result of Volckman. Justice - the movie itself is a much more complex work. Especially in the contemporary context of individualism that seems to be more weary. For example, the Renaissance has been hailed as a theater experiment, at least with the separation of the horrific destruction. Of horror detective, neo noir and the terrifying metaphorical sci-fi dystopian drama, meeting in a strange and appropriate fashion The screenplay is a clever and interesting chapter (although everyone understands that many of the verses in the script are more effective in the French manuscript than the English translation - the name of the movie is even more painful). Although many elements of the plot seem to be quite familiar to those who are thrilled with science fiction. But the script will twist the unexpected twist and change at the right moment to let the audience stay on their toes.> <br /> Walkman's films are truly excellent in visual elements and Black and white animation is the highlight of this film, easily - emotionally and with a great style. It shows the beauty of the effect. With the enormous details that put the composition and look of each shot and the use of shadows and dramatic angles to emphasize the emotional tensions of the movie scene appearing directly from Frank Miller's cartoons The But with twists The result is continuous visual luxury. <br /> <br /> The English rendering of this film has gained a lot of confidence from the proper voice acting. Daniel Craig's lamentation is the most perfect voice to be chosen as a patient Karas policeman and Catherine McCormick is a strong man as a mysterious woman who is investigating the disappearance. Despite having an English accent that is shaken, Romola Garai works well as a sissy sister and Jonathan Pryce is intimidating as Avalon's shady head. The voices of Ian Holm are A good choice as a mysterious scientist and Holm creates a powerful impression in his short scene. <br /> <br /> Renaissance brings together excitement. Intelligent because it is entertainment Although the story may be familiar to people who see it often, and the occasional weak line may hinder the film from its moody masterpieces for fans of Frank Miller's film or graphic novel. Or those who like crafts that are less capable in the future thriller, this film has no question to watch. <br /> <br /> - 8/10
