One of the reasons that Pixar has been very successful and successful is that while their films are still technical wonders and picture mosaics, they have stories that match the style of they And often the movement style: affects the charm and crosses the anime version (broadly speaking) and many other animations that do not match their technical abilities with real content Is I think (And I may be wrong) partly because manufacturers don't pay attention to characters and plot and Focusing on the sound and image too much, or trying to create a very large animation, so rest assured that they don't have the power to create interesting stories. <br /> <br /> Not the same. Can speak of the Renaissance There are bugs in its plot. But I will go to later However, those same shortcomings are not reflected in the picture - the Renaissance is now not beautiful. Images with exceptionally high contrast (Sometimes there is a high contrast that has nothing but one face or one beam) and the incredible details are always impressive. Paris's cutting-edge performance is the result of Blade Runner and Brave New World. Dark, dim, quite good and clean. But covered with the passion of the company, obsessed with beauty (Capital of the catwalk after all) and disguise the filth and neglect of the maze passage with great architecture. Br /> <br /> It is a fascinating environment, not all genuine. But it's all good. The 'motion capture' technology that is very famous for this film and the incredible interest of human beings and the minimum design results in the black and white photographer's image to die. Regardless of the details, it will prevent entertainment because Christian Volckman has organized a great action scene: chasing, caring for a bad movie, a horrifying murder, fighting many times in darkness and disgusting dust. The apartment is gloomy. The place is also great. (I want to go to a nightclub) while the main character of Karas is a leading unorthodox cop. Two other female characters. (Fraternal) is the real driver of the movie Coming from the war of Eastern Europe that was torn as a result of displaced war and family quarrels, they were an interesting metaphor for Europe as a whole. <br /> <br /> This film has a great atmosphere - camera. Taking pictures and sounds for adults makes for an attractive experience. However, the plot ... It is not more interesting than the hook. Starting with Karas, the indefatigable scheming must meet Ilona Tasuiev, an excellent and pioneering scientist after she was snatched from the evil company road. Valon (a company that has never been a wicked person) who works for 'type' projects is surrounded by her search and soon Karas is up to his neck to blame These top official The smoke and ammunition that was narrowly missed and fell in love with Ilona's sister Bislane (very sympathetic by Catherine McCormack) as he dived deep into the city's low point. (And his own past) <br /> <br /> text-book noir in other words But while I enjoy the movie more than Sin City (which is similar to the visible image), the plot and the resolution are boring. The theme of the immortality is raised. But never checked and the shenanigans of the high-level CEO of Avalon Paul Dellenbach were also boring. The basic idea is a familiar sci-fi material and a scolding feeling that the image and atmosphere are disguised as worldly material. <br /> <br /> However, the overall film is clear and completely interconnected. Though Some situations where the character feels like an excuse for the performance of a technical wizard But it is the projection of life in Paris around 2054, which is the vision of the community and the creation of other cities from the ground, making this film an interesting story. I might be too serious about it, and at least I can say that it has done a great deal, very entertaining. (And quite mature too) and with a unique atmosphere
