The story says that on December 28, 1895, a group of thirty-three people gathered at the Indian Salon. See the Grand Cafe to witness the Cinématographe, a new invention that is predicted as a result of the work of two photographers. August name And Louis Lumiere A small audience came back together that day. (Some people are invited because of the most curiosity) I really don't know what to expect from the list. Slide show Until the photo began to move The thing that thirty-three people experienced with fear in the cold days of December was the first public film screenings projected on the screen. History is being written and the theater as we know it was born that day. <br /> <br /> From the 10 short films screened during that history, "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière" (literally "leaving the factory Lumière ") was the first person to be selected. This film shows that many workers of the Lumière factory, as they walked through the factory gate, left the building at the end of a hard working day. While the movie The basic "reality" (movie, narrative, real event) movie makes everyone in the audience astonishing, as the concept of animation is limited to Edison's "Peep Show". Brothers' artifacts It was like they had never seen before and made the audience stand in awe while people and horses moved across the screen. The idea is not entirely new (Le Prince filmed the first movie in 1888), but the way the film was a simple revolution <br /> "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière" will become the first movie. In the film series The "reality" that Lumière created over the years This traditional documentary film is a favorite movie of the brothers because they are interested in the technology of invention rather than using Cinématographe. Despite the lack of enthusiasm at first after Cinématographe's first film performance became a great success and "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière" became a symbol of the first screenings quickly. It's not the first movie that the brothers shot that year and it may not be the best movie in the 10 stories that were shown that day. (Personally, I think "L 'Arroseur Arrosé" is the best in 10 stories). However, it really means that the first movie is the opening of a pair of doors, literally. This movie opens the door to the cinema as we do. Know 8/10
