It's easy for Sir Richard Attenborough to build Gandhi (1982). He just told the story of a great person who walked on this planet recently. It would be more difficult for director Feroz Abbas Khan to launch as a producer to make Gandhi my father act against international anti-hero heroes, both of whom are true people in the past. Big is real Mahatma Gandhi lived as shown in the film, setting a high moral standard for the world to follow. But these standards obstructed the eldest son Harilal's ambition to be a famous lawyer, like his father, to graduate and find work in India and provide income for his nuclear family. <br /> <br The film doesn't break Gandhi and his ideals. For Gandhi, his mission is bigger than the inspiration of the family. He loves his family and takes care of them, even though his ideas of comforting them will blink with the ideals of caring for the crowd. He stood for equality and dignity among all people, and in his view to give an advantage that was not suitable for his son, who saw other deserving people, was contrary to the basis of what he preached. This film is an unusual case of being a parent whose ideological parents have placed a door for the younger children. <br /> <br /> The film presents an unusual situation. The son marries a lover of his childhood, causing his father to regret. Dad made his son's education interests worse in many important connections. The subtle connection between a dedicated son and his father broke while the son wanted to stand on his own foot and take care of his nuclear family. As the father gradually became the father of the nation, the son stumbled upon the pursuit of courage for self and survival. His marriage stopped and sought religious consolation, clashes between Islam and Hinduism. The difficulty of his connection with his mother remained until she chides him because of drunkenness. <br /> <br /> Feroz Khan is the principal. The director plays him into the cinema. He wrote and directed the Mahatma drama with Gandhi that had a huge impact on the Indian theater community. This drama and film is based on two biographies by Chandulal Dalal and another story by Nilamben Parekh. The success of this scene is a clear reason for commercial Bollywood actors Anil Kapoor to produce a movie that is worth it. Remember this Every time a good drama director tries to direct a movie, there is evidence of lack of confidence with the media. Peter Brook is a great director. But less capable as a film director The opening image of Khan's movie promises to a great movie theater. Harilal Gandhi is taken to the Sion Hospital in Bombay (Mumbai). Almost muttering that his father is Bapu (the popular name of Mahatma Gandhi) Dad went around the country. The hospital staff did not accept that he was the eldest son of Mahatma Gandhi, died in poverty and loneliness. In addition to the amazing openings, the film also presents a wonderful story and a wonderful exterior image of the father and son who meditate on the silhouette. For Indian movies, it has high production quality that shook hands without attention to details. (Most Indian clothing in the movie seems dust-free and freshly washed, the hair of modern actors, and even played Shefali Shetty, the wife of Mohandas Gandhi, a century ago with the removal of eyebrows), which is a disaster for Indian movies. Since Feroz Khan is a theater personality, he has devoted his efforts to working with actors to develop characters rather than details in the movie theater. With Sir Attenborough, other Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts <br /> <br /> Knowing that criticism of Gandhi in any way is asking about the problem, even if there is no direct criticism. In the movie But producer Anil Kapoor made an amazing decision that he would not put the poster of this movie at The height that can be reached in India, fearing that someone might tear the poster or insult the poster intentionally or unintentionally. <br /> <br /> My father Gandhi threw many questions to the audience with a mix of Great and error Is the relationship between mother and child stronger than being a father and child? Is the close family of one person less important than humanity as a whole? Has anyone sought religious refugees and alcohol only when faced with global problems? In this film, Harilal is affected by suffering from one religion into another, while his father claims the Bible. "Forgive them because they don't know what they do" when being beaten and thrown on the ground by South African police <br /> <br /> This film won the Best Actress Award at the Tokyo International Film Festival for Shefali Shetty (Shah) and the award from Indian critics Feroze Khan and Anil Kapoor. Has handled the delicate matter very well and has been shown above average from all actors I hope that the international success of this film paves the way for the director who is capable of shooting another great Indian drama about Girish Karnad's Tuishlaq on certain days according to international quality standards.
