Feroz Abbas Khan Gandhi My Father is a film that clarifies the broken relationship between Mahatma and his son Harilal Gandhi. For an amazing story like this movie trying to tell, it's a shame that the director can't. Can say amazingly Gandhi, my father told you, like a boring history lesson that makes you sleep at school. Now, this film aims to convey one interesting point - the fact that Gandhi in his efforts to be a fair man becomes an unfair father. This issue occurred in the film many times and was one of the examples that made this issue a British scholarship, which Gandhi rejected his son twice. Instead of showing us how Harilal dealt with this betrayal and what happened in his head, the director just moved on to the story, so he never let us testify of Harilal's displeasure towards his father. This is the reason when we see the explosion from Harilal. Finally, it seems that he is reacting too much. <br /> <br /> The point I try to do here is that we never understand why Harilal became. The rebellion he made We never understood why he turned to Islam and returned to Hinduism again. This thing is that we have never understood Harilal at all and that is because the film director is too busy to focus on Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi and his role in the fight for freedom. Most of our stories are already familiar. My father Gandhi promised to check the relationship between the father and son, which is strong, but not as much as showing us that the cracks in this relationship first occurred. We understand that Harilal must live with the burden of being Gandhi's son, but showed us why it was a burden to start with. Show us the events of the early conflict. For example, it is not enough that Gandhi just said that he disagreed with Harilal's early marriage. Tell us why this opposition. It was not enough that Kasturba blamed her husband for the manner in which her son appeared - because he had to stop studying between schools in Gujarat and South Africa continuously, allowing him to relocate every time Gandhi had to relocate. Inadequate words show us how these events shaped the character of Harilal Gandhi. Moreover, instead of sticking to the thorny theme of the relationship between Gandhi and Gandhi's relationship with this film Central theme This doesn't mean movies about fighting for freedom, but on many occasions, that's what it seems like because the director is bound to take us through all the important events that lead to a time of history. It is not related to the basic evidence of this film, that is the relationship between father and son. So you see the problem with this movie, not that it's a bad movie. But it was a very confusing movie What will happen to Harilal's children after the death of his wife? Has he ever had a relationship with them? Suddenly they disappeared. After that, one scene where we saw them with Mahatma and Kasturba? These questions are not answered in a movie that has a general meaning about the relationship in the Gandhi family. An overwhelmingly popular version of the movie directed by Feroz Abbas Khan, Gandhi. My father is disappointed without asking questions in the movie. It struggles to translate the ambitions that challenge filmmakers to the screen. Almost every scene in this film opens and closes with the Fed-in and the Deep Fed never merges smoothly. In a positive sense, there is nobility in the movie that you can remember. The filmmakers use every effort to balance the storytelling, trying hard not to take part, never judge a father or son, whether they are villains. However, this film made it clear that the fact that Gandhi was a difficult master, whose ideals might melt the nation. But made his family alienated All the actors in this movie have only Akshaye Khanna that shines in the role of Harilal Gandhi without luck. It is a great performance and is not easy, since the role covers the entire life of the character, but Akshaye brings a naive combination and rare discouragement to that part and succeeds in making Harilal become Pathetic person Just watch him in the scene where he discovers the death of his wife and you will know that he has only passed through body language, Darshan Jariwala, while the Gandhi Senior player uses a parody method to play Mahatma in the following years. But it was the way he made human beings in the early years as a lawyer in South Africa, which is the best role of the actor in that role. Shefali Shah, who has a profound talent, shows Kas turba A woman who intends to tear in this father-son conflict, but if she can't get through that powerless feeling, it is not her fault, because it is the fault of the script that is unstable. Used to create this film and is clearly visible throughout But this film is affected by the inevitable shortcomings, which you will eventually remember when you leave the cinema - it's very boring. Director Feroz Abbas's father Gandhi is a sincere effort. Yes. But it is a movie that can be done with a more rigorous screenplay What we learn from this film is Gandhi and Haril, making each other unhappy. And with this movie, the director makes us the same
