From a very long time, we will watch the movie in Gandhi And most of the brightness often reflects Gandhi as an independent fighter or human being with principles But when I heard that there was a movie which would focus on Gandhi as a father and emphasize his relationship with his son, it immediately gained me attention because it was the least explored land since there was The dark side of yourself and fewer people Showing the courage to live there. Fortunately, Anil Kapoor (producer) and Feroz Abbad Khan (director) <br /> <br /> The story begins at Gandhi, working in South Africa and relationships. With his white man and his wife, Latter Akshay (Harilal) joined his father to be a lawyer But his dream failed when his father (Gandhi) pushed (or urged) him to become an independent fighter. It shows that Gandhi believes in practical education rather than education in the system. Harilal tried to follow in his father's footsteps. But soon failed when his passion for his wife, children and dreams of success changed his path and began to drive the difference between his son and father. He eventually defeated his father in terms of ambition and left him according to his own condition. He wrote back to India. But then began a story that was not successful, which grew bigger and better over time. I was going to let readers go to watch the next movie ... <br /> <br /> Akshay's first performance gave him performance. The best of his tenure until now and believe in his image, like Harilal Gandhi, the scene where he reached the room where his wife's body was placed is where you can see the good actor who has been hidden / evolved in Akshay Darshan jariwala Like MK Gandhi's life and can have a character that is greater than that. He's doing well and quite easily. Shefali Chaya (now Shah) as Kasturba is a great actress and has proven her metal in a TV drama. Bhumika chawla also works well. But the actress who is her candidate for the role is in this category Other actors showed their performances. <br /> <br /> Techniques and make-up and filming. Clothing style and contextual match <br /> <br /> By combining valuable movies that are in progress, slow and impatient people may find it boring. But gives in-depth information about areas that are not brought to the silver screen to the present. In addition, the progress of the story and the connection of the scene may not look good for some people and especially critics. But for general moviegoers like me, it's still enough to put me in the seat until the end.
