I've been waiting for a superhero movie like this for a long time. "Mystery Men" happened in the midst of classic TV comics such as "Batman" and "Captain Nice" and comics like "Underdog" and "Super Chicken". In them all: tone like a cartoon tongue in the cheek; The courage to set goals for courage in life is risky to look ridiculous. The unclear way that these characters manage to outrank their enemies It was a spark of nobles that caught fire in weakness and ordinary, and it was wonderful to see it glowing and bright. <br /> <br /> "Mystery Men" opened a party at a nursing home. I hope Kinka Usher has the feeling of giving energy and life to people in the scene. It seems that some things that George Romero might think of, we need to get the feeling that these old people are as sharp as others or feel as patrons. By the time the red eyes collide with the festival, you are half expecting Tom White, who plays as a weapon-like inventor for the eighties of their women to stand up and shout: "Just what This party wants if the writer Neil Cuthbert has any feelings, he should have Waits that mix it with the intruder and cause the opponent to do the same. It will make the beginning of a provocative and better introduction of the three troubled people: Shoveler (William Macy); Blue king (Hank Azaria); And Mr. Furious (Ben Stiller) who seems to come out of nowhere to help the day. <br /> <br /> There are many other problems "Mystery Men" than I am interested. Among them is that the villain Casanova Frankenstein needs to be cultivated as ridiculous as everyone else in this movie and he doesn't do that. Jeffrey Rush is a wrong actor now. He needs to be on the way to the conflict between good and evil by electricity. And Rush never showed a talent for going out You hope that John Lithgow's performance in "The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai" or Paul Freeman's drought in "Raiders of the Lost Ark". What we get is pastiche; There is something baked and unreal. <br /> <br /> There are many ideas that work through "Mystery Men" for everyone to tie it together neatly and that may be the deepest problem. But any mess that I love Ben Stiller always seems to fall in his role. This is no exception. But he went with it with the confidence that you came out, feeling that he had learned something about the comedy that grew up in a family run by Jerry Stiller and Anne Meara. His marks were associated with chronic prevention at Too sensitive to Woody Allen's reputation And whether it is the way he walks into the feelings of the waiter at his favorite hangout (shadow Claire Forslani) or question the wisdom of his beloved friend (Wes Studi is the Sphinx) or Let the new members of the group (Jeaneane Garofalo in the most fun time on your screen). Difficult times. He always makes watching fun. I can't say for sure about him in "There is something about Mary." <br /> <br /> Jeaneane Garofalo proved with this performance that she should be the star of "One True Thing", not Renee Zellweger. I don't think I've ever seen a fun exchange. Between daughter and father (Okay, so he's dead and his skull is in the bowling ball, so I'm suing) in the movie and the funny part about this role is that it feels like Emily Watson's repetition, which is a dialogue. Hypnotized with God in "Wrecking the waves" and in this generation, the young woman is not dead and the bell is not as loud as in your head. <br /> <br /> William H. Macy makes things very difficult. He made a stable magnet. You immediately understand what attracted Jenifer Lewis' Lucille to Eddie. You can still understand her exasperation. The only barbecue is enough to drive me away from the edge. But when half of Eddie's cute and bred son looks up at his father and says "I believe in Father", which Lucille sighed and exclaimed "Roland, do not encourage your father." You feel like standing and honoring Neil Cutbert as the number one intellectual. <br /> <br /> With Hank Azaria (Which only a memorable moment in the movie, at this point is that he was behind "The Birdcage") and Louise Lasser (more than two decades since we recorded her in "Bananas" and "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman? ") As a son and mother who has a passion for silverware Greg Kinner plays Captain Amazing and Ricky J. is a publicist. Kel Mitchell as "Invisible Boy"; Paul Reuben as "Spleen" and Lena Olin, who, if she doesn't have a few lines in this film that she has, seems to visit the scene.
