Director Kinka Usher continues to adhere to his beliefs. "Playing straight and they will laugh" and with the help of the great actors created what should be the # 1 cult movie "Mystery Men" when the villain Casanova Frankenstein (Geoffrey Rush) was released from The mental institution captured the super hero in the local Captain Amazing. (Greg Kinner) and threatening to occupy three champion cities, wanting to be a hero) The Shoveler (William H. Macy) and The Blue Raja (Hank Azaria) come to the rescue. However, Frankenstein can. Join in many battles under the underground battles and become a formidable opponent. The three people realized that they needed help and decided to recruit. What they ended up with was nothing less than the most memorable team of 'heroes' gathered in the history of the movie. Mr. Furious had an angry Shoveler, his shovel; Raja King hurled silverware (Mostly fork and spoon occasionally But never a knife); Kel Mitchell can be invisible as long as no one is watching the Sphinx (Wes Studi), who strikes down from the south, very mysterious, and can destroy half of his gun with his thoughts; Janeane Garofalo can throw the ball precisely and The Spleen (Paul Reubens) has flatulence that can make the whole room out of his ability. This is a great band set that gives laughter without having to become an audience or help the audience while playing it all the time. The conversation is witty and the performances received from Stiller, Macy, Azaria and Garofalo are typical. There are many memorable and fun scenes, especially the scenes in which they organize parties, pools and barbecues to recruit and conduct interviews with a group of candidates. Remarkable And another person is in the bar when the man throws a conversation with her long-dead father whose skull is buried in her bowling ball However, the most fun thing is when the team tries to help Captain Amazing. But this is only an example for the entire movie, including one hilarious scene, then a little humor that will make you laugh and think about it for a long time. The true secret of success is that even if Usher makes everything true The relationship between the characters is true and the whole concept of being "Superhero" is totally reasonable, which makes sense of credibility in all proceedings. In this world, Mr. Furious's ambition and others can survive and Usher continues to laugh without facing any direction. Strong supporters include Lena Olin (Dr. Annabel Leek), Eddie. Izzard (Tony P.), Tom Waits (Doc Heller), Claire Forlani (Monica), Louise Lasser (Blue King's mother), Jenifer Lewis (Lucille) and Prasad (Tony C.) `Mystery Men 'are movies. Which has been truly inspired which can be seen over and over again with a new laugh in words The immortality of the Sphinx "We are number one! All others are number two or lower. 'Is it a worthy Oscar movie? Hardly; But for a good time and lots of laughter It's true and you won't regret. I rate this one 10/10
