I saw "Mystery Men" on my birthday in 1999 while I was on vacation. When i go home i go to see again Remember that I am twelve. But at that time it was the coolest movie ever. I also collected very rare actions. (I have all of them except Bowler, which is the rarest. They make Mr. Furious, The Shoveler, The Blue Raja, The Spleen and Captain Amazing in case you wonder. There is an action figure of William H. Macy!) I've watched many times over the years and it's still my favorite. It's not the perfect movie. But it is appropriate to get another look and maybe a further cult. <br /> <br /> Story: Low-level hero groups save the day. This was done again in the "special" video directly, as usual. But this is the end of the spectrum: large budget (Huge budget of nearly $ 100 million. I think) Funny in the studio. Yes, the effect is overflowing and the large scenes and the excellent production design are quite a consideration of the plot. But don't think this is a special super-y movie that is a parody. They fight with villains named Cassanova Frankenstein. People have psychofrakulator. No matter what (It is a doomsday device, he will occupy the world, yada yada.) And the residents of the superhero Captain Amazing (Zapp Brannigan-esque Greg Kinnear, with the logo, advertising products on his costume, good touch) was kidnapped. Time for a mysterious person: Mr. Furious (Ben Stiller, Crazy), The Shoveller (William H. Macy, Shoveling), Blue King (Hank Azaria, England, throwing a fork), The Bowler (Janeane Garafolo, Bowls ), Invisible Boy (Kel Mitchell, guessing what he did), Spleen (Paul Reubens, farts) and The Sphinx (Wes Studi, half the gun with his mind, I'm not joking) The rest of the actors, great characters, including Geoffrey Rush as Cassanova, Lena Olin, heavily modified as Cassanova's bride. And only one Tom Waits and a crazy weapon dealer. So ... with Macy, Kinnear, Olin and Rush. There are four Oscar nominees. (And one winner) and Tom freakin 'Waits! Even if it's not perfect It is too long and there are some parts of abundance here and there (The Shoveller that is full of them) <br /> <br /> The conversation is definitely more than a physical comedy which sometimes lacks (there are people who The farts for his power closed the case.) The dialogue is definitely a highlight, the Sphinx's lamentation, Mr. Furious's metaphors, etc. It's a serious comedy. (It almost makes you forget that this is the movie that gave "All Star" by Smashmouth to the world. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this film is not only related to critics and audiences. That should The original sequel was planned. (This film is actually based on comic books and characters from "The Flaming Carrot". Flaming Carrot manga is planned for the sequel I believe) but this thing doesn't work well at the box office. It may be difficult to sell as a funny superhero to men from "There is something about Mary." It may be the fact that it was released the same day as "The Sixth Sense", which ended with the biggest hit in August - as well as "The Thomas Crown Affair "The other two classic misunderstandings were released on the same crowded weekend, oddly enough -" Dick "and" The Iron Giant ". Critics gave the review through MM, but right. Forget quickly Sadly, in the comedy Roast of Jerry Stiller, comedian Jeffrey Ross commented on Ben Stiller, "I saw 'Mystery Men' and I shot my agent." Saw the words "I should have done". Don't listen to him. Give the opportunity to "Mystery Men"
