You know that the people in this movie are involved when large hail falls from the blue sky. In fact, the weather is still not good in this atmospheric thriller and only Chamberlain lawyers have the answer. But he is a person with a lot of European reasons. I gather to experience what is inside that reveals myself through dreams. <br /> <br /> The dark mystery of the metaphysics of Peter Weir then proved his ability to play with other dimensions in a picnic at Hanging Rock (1975). This is a mysterious world of Australian Aboriginal people facing the world that has been ordered. The whites stand firmly There is something strange going on in the Aboriginal community when they kill one of their numbers without a clear reason. Chamberlain Yuppie lawyers should protect them in the courts of white people. But the more he examines things, the more mysterious things become, and the more he is interested in strange Aboriginal men And had a terrifying dream that came and went at a strange time. <br /> <br /> A well-structured screenplay keeps the attention throughout. One reason for this film to be normal for Chamberlain's wife and young daughter Viewers can easily identify And when their small world enters forces beyond the normal framework, normal conditions begin to begin and we will get the feeling of the world that starts to clash. Chamberlain always showed, especially during the underground discovery, which I thought he might be more alert than he thought. In the end, it was a mask that kept the key (I believe) and the puzzle, but his reaction didn't register. Now thirty years later In this movie, the idea is wrapped in a lot of hocus-pocus entertainment, but the model is still telling. One way of presenting the central irony in the film is the symbol of a large white SUV opening through the Aboriginal family left in the historical land. Terrain It seems that the reservations of internal tribes are not particularly important to the strengths in the coast where the industry lives. But it is a region that is likely to survive everything like the last wave destroyed Maybe there is something about the past and the future that will miss here. <br /> <br /> However, this is a very good movie that may be with you.
