Spoiler I like the next episode from college and in But i hope i will get last season on dvd Unfortunately, the last thing I received was the first season of college. But still, teenagers are still sweet. Although they focus on magic, they make her become a character that can be deeling teenagers with stuggles of teens and children in divorced families. This item is very pure. They did not find frightening teenage problems such as sex and drugs. But they like to put pressure on me. I like to watch. She grows up and handles her magic by herself and tries to convince her aunt to let her go out of the nest when she is older than cute. But it is better to see her a lot (Not a teenage witch anymore) but an adult witch I love Roxy and Morgan. They are very talented! In the previous episode, Aunts was a great actress. But they are very strict, kind and loving But they treat her like a small child in some way But not on all sides I mean, they ground her for the little mistakes that she made with her magic. I mean, let her learn from their mistakes once! That's what I like about college episodes. She can learn from her own mistakes without having to be grounded. Everything is annoying to not put Hilda and Zelda. Melissa Joan Hard is beautiful and suitable for Sabrina with her energetic personality. I like the last episode that she escaped from a marriage with Harvey. But as others say, it would be nice to see what happened after that. I mean, I believe it's clear that they're getting married. Where will they run in her wedding dress? But i want to see it I think they want to let the audience choose to end. But instead of giving food to us as most comedians do Some people say that they can show their marriage to the school in the home. But they have finished college Sabrina works very well for magazines and I think Harvey works well because he lives in a beautiful apartment that we saw at the end. But they never say what they do As a child, they often say that he does not want to be a devastating person like his father. When Sabria moved into the house that season, they never explained how it actually happened. Actually, there are many items that are not explained. But I think it should be left to us and give the mystery before Sabrina and her friends move into the house. They show Hilda to marry and spell. All this ends with Zelda becoming child Hilda came back in the final episode. (And Zelda is in other ways, but Beth isn't in now) but they don't show Zelda's husband or what happens. Do they have children? Sometimes they don't want to happen too much at one time. I also like Hart's sister who plays her spoiled cousin too! She is beautiful and an excellent actor and is interesting to see you grow up! I cannons believe that for six years since the show began to air! I still love replay! Also, I don't know if anyone has noticed this or not. But in the previous episode, the city was called Westbridbe (a city built which I believe should be close to Salem). Talking about the name of the city that was calmed down, Westbridge and I think they called it Boston unless it was where she worked. In addition, I want to add. I found the episode "Wild Wild Sabrina" where she was taught about the importance of the rules to insult her. She was 18 years old and too old to be grounded. I will be insulted if my parents are based at the age of 18. And I think that while an 18-year-old child may be disoriented about how they do, they need to learn the consequences themselves. I think the 18th day they know that the rules are important.
