I have this movie on DVD and have to watch it thirty times. I have to really love it. No, really. <br /> <br /> I've been a surfer before in my life and I like sports. To this day I am amazed by the good surfing. There is a lot of riding in the Giants, and I am a sucker. But I have bones to choose as well (Peralta, are you listening?) <br /> <br /> First of all, this movie has too little faith in it. Cutting and fixing of waves is like that, most of them will be destroyed. There are very few waves showing that they were actually riding from the beginning to the end. Peralta seems to be stuck with high-end-cut-foot movements. Not the only wave that was riding to start playing until the end. Almost the entire episode of the Mavericks (one of the three movies) is a video editing with equally vibrating sound. I can understand the result that Peralta is trying to achieve with the Mavericks because this place is a terrifying blend of crushed bone waves in the cold ocean. But he went too far. The Mavericks are not just a bad acid journey. The waves were actually riding there, despite the great performances. It would be nice to see some people if Peralta thinks this is a great sport. (And I'm sure he did) then why did he confirm to be too busy with this? Sometimes, editing will reduce the credibility of the movie. Peahi in Hawaii has one quick clip which I still don't understand. Although I run with slow motion on the DVD, the image is too fast to decode. It must have the maximum length of two frames. <br /> <br /> Second, have people who do this thing ever learn about speaking a little? It is especially interesting to see the version of the director who tells the story on the DVD. These people sounded like two girls across the valley. The same confidence appears in the main production. Everything is always "amazing". One particular character is particularly disgusting - Sam George, editor of Interfer magazine, who looks at his pants every time he has something to say. He was the one who dragged this movie. <br /> <br /> There are many attempts to enter this movie. I mean just to get the old movie pictures they have and all the interviews. This movie is great and I think it is an exciting entertainment. It is well placed, with three sections in the middle around Greg Nol, Jeff Clark and Scotland, Hamilton, respectively. There are some uses of shooting stills that are wonderful. In the director's commentary, they say that it is a new 3D technology and actually works. The three main characters shine both in interviews and in the water. As an athlete, Laird Hamilton is a revelation. He rose to the pinnacle of his sport in the way I saw only Michael Jordan do in basketball. And too, the story of his father's encounter is a gem It really impressed me. <br /> <br /> It's just a movie, maybe more. The last part of the movie, when the credit begins to give a hint that it will be like With beautiful wave views with beautiful sound tracks (The soundtrack in the rest of the film is junk, though you might like if you are a big fan of modern and crazy rock schools). However, there are two of my cents ...
