Ryde Giants is a wonderful documentary that dives into the world, one of the most admired sports and causes the human and raw emotions that only director Stacy Peralta. Everything from the structure to the players to the amazing stock video to the style that was filmed, just adding beauty and power behind the waves. From all the surf films that I have seen (Endless Summer, Billabong Odyssey and Step Into Liquid). This is the most consistent and relevant movie. Starting from the early days of surfing (A long history lesson) to Laird's infamous ride, Riding Giants, into the mind, spirit and spirit of the sport rather than these other documentaries. How does it do this? By giving the whole story from beginning to end without having to wear or jagging jig from one wave to another. <br /> <br /> In the beginning, this film has a good structure. In other films I've seen about surfing, sometimes you find yourself jumping from new people to new people, waves to waves, events against events without knowing why or who? In the Riding Giants, we have very few veterans and newbies. This allows you to enter each other's hearts more deeply. In addition, instead of just surfing, we have given more personal history and understanding to the world than ever before. This is what attracted me to watch this movie. I'm impressed that instead of showing all these giant waves (Because it is a giant wave movie) We listened to stories and watched first-hand how these surfers had to overcome to get those waves. I like the information about "beach bums" or the father of surfing. I continued to be paved with Greg Noll's incredible tales and his first adventure in intense dark blue. Then, to see him on his own, talk about what happened in his heart, just add fuel to the fire. The straightforward structure that Peralta made me follow and walk with the knowledge of sports rather than movies. The previous movie, Peralta, shows many emotions and passion that you can't help but be fascinated by what people do and what Where the sport is going There is a curse near the perfect film. Using the techniques I've seen in The Kid Stays in the Picture, Riding Giants create some scenes that almost feel like they're jumping off the screen. While it's not 3D, it's a flat feeling that you get when you place two images overlapping. In this movie it works It creates more depth to the scene and really adds value to the shot. (Humans of these waves are very large) but still dangerous that these people face all the time. If it is different or they move wrongly to kill them, some people die, but they do not stop the sport. It creates more excitement and passion. It is the love of the ocean and the sport that leads me to the final point. <br /> <br /> Human elements Many of my previous adventures in the world of documentary movies have made me beautiful waves. But there are very few people The movie knows that people are watching the waves, so generally it will change from one wave to another as waves. This film is the opposite. Peralta created this masterpiece, still giving us waves. But devote more attention to the surfers and the immortal questions why they do this every day Things that rush through their hearts, the things that push them to move forward and the bond that occurs while being there on the blue forest floor I feel that after watching this movie, I don't just know more about the big wave surfing. But also about sports emotions This is an element that has not been developed in other films and pushes the Riding Giants to a whole new level. <br /> <br /> Overall, this movie is great. I never saw love, dedication and love wrapped in structured movies. From beginning to end I was impressed. I would be very happy if this film won an Oscar this year for an excellent documentary film and to see the new birth in the world, surf and open the door for this kind of film. <br /> <br /> Grade : *** ** From *****
