'Where the the Sidewalk Ends (1950)' was opened appropriately, with the names of Dana Andrews and Gene Tierneys inscribed on the sidewalk like dirty water flowing down between the bars of the drain grate. The sidewalk represents respect, honesty and virtue? Only bandits and offenders only walk in the trough. But even the most noble people tend to crash on occasion and when the sidewalk is nearing an end, it is sometimes impossible to avoid wet shoes. Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) was born in the trough. His father was a professional criminal and spent his entire life walking back to the sidewalks on the road. As a police detective, Dixon does not want anything more than showing his morality and integrity that his father lacks. But he had a meaning that could not escape When his swift temper causes the suspect to be killed, Dixon finds himself becoming the father he despised. The cheap criminals are cheating and lying to cover up his guilt. <br /> <br /> 'The sidewalk ends. 'Is the only film that unites Dana Andrews, Gene Tierney and director Otto Preminger after the movie' Laura (1944) ', which is excellent, although these two films go as far as noir While the previous image is intimate with the murder of the homeland of the country, this movie is more common in the police drama in the city. With Laura Hunt's memorable performances as she is, unfortunately, here Tierney is relentlessly mistreated, possessing a general love of romance that is cute and useless. {As much as she did in the same year in Jules Dassin 'The Night and the City (1950)} On the other hand, Andrew was not better than this, showing the toughness and unexpected anger that I didn't expect. Hopeful of him, Gary Merrill is a sensible redhead as head of the Scalise, but he doesn't seem to have enough meaning for the script, and I think actors like Richard Conte (Mr. Brown's player in 'The Big Combo (1955 ) 'Will be more suitable for the character I didn't realize this. But Conte appeared only a year earlier in 'Whirlpool (1949) of Preminger's' <br /> <br /> Tension while Dixon tried to cover up his crime by accident. Of course, in the most suspicious order of its generation? Although I feel that the situation has not been fully utilized The taxi driver is the only one who can clearly state that Dixon is the perpetrator, but Preminger quickly leapt during the time he passed Dixon on the stairs if the witness came in while Dixon made his own moves again. Outside the apartment entrance we may have real fireworks. And why in that regard, the testimony of a taxi driver could not make Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully) free from murder? Niggling's inconsistencies, like these chapters, tarnished another great screenplay from Ben Hecht, who put his insidious hell criminals with a swift police force and clever criminals Andrew 'as a man. Turning point and enforcing laws that have been tortured with resentment and remorse, at least, can do better than at least Robert Ryan in Nicholas Ray at 'On Dangerous Ground (1952)'
