New York Police Detective Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) is a man who has to deal with his own demons in everyday life at the same time as dealing with normal life and everyday life. The stress caused by his internal struggles and his intense hatred caused him to make serious mistakes in the judgment and failure to recognize the need for any conduct to be followed in contact with the person. He has a history of treating suspected criminals and criminals, and this makes him in conflict with senior officials. He has blamed him for the violence he used. Dixon could not compromise these claims to control hatred with his own violent and irrational hatred of all criminals. He was tortured by the fact that his father was a criminal and was left with a powerful desire to diminish his father's reputation and to avoid the low expectations that many have for him. <br /> <br /> When Texas Rich was killed after an evening gambling run by gangster Tommy Scalise (Gary Merrill), Dixon was assigned to prosecute Scalise, telling Dixon's chief investigative officer, Tom. Texas (Karl Malden) that the victim was accompanied by Ken Paine. (Craig Stevens) and his wife, Morgan (Gene Thierney) and Paine have committed murder Dixon goes to Paine's apartment and questions the suspect, who is both drunk and not cooperating, and when Paine stabs him, Dixon responds and Paine collapses and dies. Dixon goes to rid the body of the nearby river. Paine's wife was questioned and after explaining what happened in Scalis's place, adding that her father had gone to Paine's apartment that night in order to have problems with him about the fact that she Go home with bruises Paine had attacked her many times and her father, Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully) threatened that if it happened again, he would beat Paine. This information led to Taylor being arrested and charged with murder. No one accepts Dixon's explanation that Scalise killed Texan and then Paine was killed to get rid of him as a witness. <br /> <br /> Dixon continues to try to get Scalise to be judged, but eventually Realized that the only way to succeed His goal is to write a confession about his role in Payne's death and concealment. He did this and recorded that he was going alone to confront Scalis so that the police could arrest the criminal for Dixon's murder. Confrontation with Scalise and the way in which Dixon finally succeeds in redeeming himself, giving a concise and appropriate conclusion to this witty thriller. <br /> <br /> The acting is messy and Obsessed with Dana Andrews's anxiety as he dealt with a series of bad luck, including and followed Paine's unintended death However, Dixon was not the only one who had suffered bad luck as Morgan, a successful model, lost her job due to problems around her. Her father, who many years ago received a diploma for help, the police found himself convicted of a crime which he had not done. Ken Paine, who had been a war hero, had experienced unemployment and lost self-esteem leading to alcoholism and his wife and Scalis, whose father had been in the business, had experienced bad luck. <br /> "Where The Sidewalk Ends" is a thoroughly interesting story about a group of interesting and diverse characters and the main protagonist who is the true identity of Sikh ambiguity. fair
