The charm of the great Otto Preminger, a film with no vision, it has an ambiguous intention, betraying the tragic essence of the main character, which still suffers from living in the shadows of criminals. Dana Andrews's vengeful police show that he is an unreasonable and dangerous outsider who may change because he may find a good woman to take care of him. People who have problems come back again with a messy impression. The distressing mood that circulated permanently in the second half of the story by screenwriter Ben Hecht resounded in Andrews' tense performances, while Preminger made the film interesting. We not only saw and heard City at night We feel that because Preminger allows us to see and hear even the most distant and distant factors of it. <br /> <br /> Dana Andrews gives out complex characters amidst violence and hatred. That disturbs him While the plot developed, he was secretly trapped in the situation. But he was revamped by an external action that can be seen in the expression of Noir's protagonist before he executed Is a noisy and shady film noir, located in the climate of the Mafia's double contact, where the hero is estranged that he is often swollen with anger and even if he loses his Against reasoning, career principles and ethical constraints, he is still a good cop. Preminger just winks in telling the story of social conscience about the damaged community in the sprawling urban landscape. Making the thriller riding on Andrews's shoulder a private journey of having a private network about men The influence of the law on his side and the perception of the right and wrong. <br /> <br /> The manufacturing company in the early 1950s described the social problems and made the budget low. Low-risk thriller "This is clearly evident in an attempt to avoid the conclusions of conservative critics and busy social groups. But there is an expression of the reality of Preminger's imitational method. He injects each scene with the feeling of daily drama as a backdrop for the plot. Each character must draw his own weight by doing something interesting. But no one in them is a depressing cartoon or cartoon For him, every character thinks they are celebrities according to Karl Malden's self-verification as a police inspector, missionary and waitress at the lunch counter. It's someone who is an actor --- Andrew and Gene Tierney. They both feel the pain of their ineffective efforts to reduce their emotional violence --- those who don't want to. are
