I'm a big fan of Noir fans and this movie by Otto Preminger stands for one of the best things I've ever seen! Preminger combined his two stars back from the movie 'Laura' - Gene Tierney and Dana Andrews for a completely different crime movie. Laura is based on love and this movie is based on hate. While we watched Mark Dixon, a copper police detective who had been examined by his superiors for the heavy tactics sent inadvertently, killed the suspect and tried to kill the known criminals. A man named Tommy Scalisi, the plot is excellent and the Preminger is excellent. But it comes back to the moral meanings surrounding our main characters The fact that this film is set in an underground crime means that the plot will be a great base in the work, and director Otto Preminger specializes in capturing the dull side of life by showing the main character dancing. to each other Shooting and many more - and this also helps to compensate for this film from 'Laura' earlier, which is set in a very high society. <br /> <br /> Mark Dixon's role has made Dana Andrews one of those. The most famous The interesting part of his career Here we have characters that are hard to like while he is very cold - but the fact that we can understand his motivation ensures that he is easily sympathetic and that the audience can plug into His condition The character development is over time and we follow his character and motivation throughout the story. Everything is reasonable in the end. His collaborator is Gene Tierney, who is beautiful, who doesn't give much in this movie when she is in Laura. The film that makes Tierney the main focus She did well with what she received. But Leo's excellent chemistry and Tierney helped make her finish every scene. I can't say that this is a better movie than Laura earlier. That is a difficult act to follow. But of course, this movie will be better with the film noir formula than Preminger's previous movie. This movie also makes a good comparison for Laura; Like everything in this movie, opposite the 1944 movie, but it is a familiar thing. Suggest to everyone!
