When viewed quickly for the first time, it will look natural to compare the position that the sidewalk ends with Laura. Both have both noir qualities, being directed by Otto Preminger and both Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney, both stars, but that's where most comparisons end. Laura dealt with luxury people with a level that had just happened to find themselves mixed up in a murder case. The end of the sidewalk is located in a completely different layer. These are people who have two nicknames to rub together, familiar with seeing the weaknesses of society rather than going to a fancy dress party. That the sidewalk ends with a movie full of people who are full of desperate people who solve problems with punches or other weapons Drowned in the investigation of the murder seems to be as natural as breathing. <br /> <br /> While I didn't see his whole body from what I saw. Detective Police Detective Sgt. Mark Dixon. He is a type of police who is familiar with wearing a local helmet if receiving information or confessions. One night he went too far and killed a man accidentally. He tried his best to conceal it, but things were complicated when he fell in love with the deceased wife of Morgan Taylor (Tierney), whose father became the number one suspect in the murder. As Morgan's father means to her world, Dixon has to do what he can to clear the old man without being involved. <br /> <br /> Technically, In addition to the great performance from Andrew, the movie also has Tierney that is always satisfying. She has qualities that can make the moment look more sad. The rest of the actors are as strong as Tom Tully, while the father is accused of being truly outstanding. In addition to showing direction, light sets and movies are the most important things. Overall, it's a surprisingly well-made movie. <br /> <br /> If I have only one complaint It's a little difficult to believe that women like this will find themselves mixed with these nasty characters. It's not your fault. It really is just the way Tierney finds her. Looks a bit beautiful, polished and delicate for this part. But her gentle and trustworthy nature adds to the realism necessary for her drawing.
