We are far from LAURA again. Otto Preminger directs Dana Andrew to play as a police detective named Mark and Gene Tierney. A beautiful woman who haunts him. But nothing else about WHERE THE SIDEWALK ENDS is similar to a complex murder puzzle that everyone favors Rather than being a perfectly cited dialogue, we will receive mercy and harshness. While the previous film took place at the high level of New York society, here we are in the rented area of ​​a dark, dull street, a cheap restaurant and Tierney flats, as beautiful as now working as a department store model and Living in Washington Heights ("Doll" neighborhood, which once had a fur fox coming out of LAURA's Mark McPherson), this time, Andrew is Mark Dixon, a sad old policeman. And more sad in the raincoat. <br /> <br /> At SIDEWALK, the sub-genre of Noir, a film about the cruelty of police, focuses on police who cannot control their strong impulses. Like the character of Kirk Douglas, in the story of Detective Dixon, owes his insult to the father's past offender. Where Douglas was righteous and blind to his own mistakes, Andrew had to bear the burden of guilt and hatred that was oppressed. He accidentally killed the suspect and concealed his actions in an attempt to cast suspicion on the gangster. (Gary Merrill) that he was pursued for many years But wondering whether he was a taxi driver who was kind, because he was the father of Morgan's wife who was estranged and attacked the dead (Gene Tierney). Dixon fell in love with the man's wife he had killed trying to help her father. Without having to leave. <br /> <br /> Among the protagonists, Noir Dana, Andrew is different: he cannot appear unwise. Even when playing Joe on average, as he had done, he often experiences unusual feelings and is sensitive to abnormal feelings. Moreover, the air he thinks too much for his own comfort makes him haunted - and haunting - quality, which is his essence as an actor. He plays as an ordinary person, a police officer and a soldier. But there is often a tragedy caused by seeing and knowing too much His conscientious heroes were marked by exhaustion, guilt, inability to "Make it brighter" There are no actors who can show anger that bottoms pain that burns slowly. Mark Dixon's painful intellect In addition, he has a gentle, muted voice, warmth, muffled, and even humor that makes him heartache. This story came out when he regularly took Morgan to the restaurant that he had, and for the first time we saw this ridiculously scorned person mocking the scornful waitress, unable to hide the love and concern of he got When Dixon asked his partner to raise money for Morgan's father, he provided it, although they argued recently and Dixon threw him without any words about loyalty or knowing he was. Deep good man But we all see the silence of men and the resignation of his wife as she delivers some jewelry that will pledge Dixon's goodness to come from other people's reactions to him as well as acting in the app. Andrew is moving deeply. <br /> <br /> Although Dana Andrew is a secondary star But he may be an important man for forty years He had to watch some movies that had never been removed. With a mid-century silhouette, a box that was added with fedora, bourbon glass, a cigarette that he did not stick out of his mouth when he spoke, he seemed to be imprisoned for the ideal of strength and masculinity. While many people make romantic two-sided men, while THE SIDEWALK ENDS offers an unflinching image of reality behind the front of the building. Underestimate his time (He was only one of the three protagonists in the best year of our lives that was not nominated for an Oscar, although his low-key performances were more interesting. Fortunately, Andrew appeared in some movies that endorsed his immortality, and now, this little-known film that has his best performance can be seen as part of the Fox series. Film Noir This set, including names that hadn't been released before (such as NIGHTMARE ALLEY and THIEVES 'Highway), showed that twenty-century-Fox might have the best recording of all important studios when it was filmed. The
