George Kukor brings this high-quality director in the world of acting with sensitivity but firmness. The performance of Ronald Coleman, which earned him the Oscar, still stands despite the moments. Difficult for a moment ?? It is hard to forget his haunted countenance as he walks around the social work and tries to find the meaning of his life. There are many interesting subtexts and Cukor works great in clarifying without force. too much The script of Garson Kanin and Ruth Gordon is great, combined with the rare film world, with the world of the streets and using extensive elements from Shakespeare's "King Lear" to refer to. The main theme of jealousy and Coleman. <br /> <br /> Many interesting things about this movie ?? Superficially, it may be fired from being a problem therapist every day. In other words, if the performing arts require the perfect sublimation of the individual, we will soon have a rash of actors, mental methods that walk down the street. But I don't think the main concern of this story is acting or work / performing arts. I think Anthony's struggles show a broader question, the deep uncertainty about identity. There is a key. I feel in his relationship with his ex-wife Britta (Signe Hasso). He says he will never be or be a good actor without inspiration. And on the other hand, he said clearly that his extreme identity and his role began when he married her. I'm not sure how to do this. But it's important to me, especially because it is her obsession with her and her jealousy that pushes him to the top. Perhaps the meaning is that Anthony was in danger at first by entering a serious relationship. Marriage means "Union of Spirituality" in the original idea It's unusual that the male and female protagonists are divorced at the beginning of the movie. It never happened completely (jokes "Hawks' Girl's Friday" in the heart and others), but it's unusual and may be important, especially in terms of the fact that they didn't end up with it. Separation of couples In some way, movies may indicate that jealousy is a form of self-love.
