The couple's life has developed a mystery among movie fans for two reasons: the plot idea of ​​the actor who has been wrapped up in a role (here Othello) to receive the great flaws of that character and bring It came into his life And this is the movie that won the Ronald Coleman Academy Award (Including the Golden Globe) as the best actor Let's start with the second issue. <br /> <br /> Anthony John Colman's greatest role or even his signature role? What level of doubt do I have - but it is one of his best known roles? Most of his career, Ronald Coleman, played good gentlemen often in dangerous or unusual situations. He is the bulldog, press Rummond. (Cleaning in the production of Goldwyn is not a racist class) Fighting crime He is a great raffles cricketer and an even bigger burglar trying to pull his best burglary out in order to keep his friend's honor. He is Robert Conway, a great political figure who has been kidnapped and brought to heaven on earth. Shangri-La is Dick Heldar. He will die bravely after he knows that masterpiece. He was destroyed and knew he was now blind and useless as an artist. I can add Sidney Carton and Rudolf Rassendyll to this list, but here he is not a hero. In fact, he was evil without knowing it - he killed one person and almost killed two others. It doesn't matter if he is mentally ill - his behavior is here against society. <br /> <br /> For me, Colman should receive Oscar for Heldar or Carton or Conway, which is typical of his performance. Education has a long tradition of choosing an unusual role in rewarding as a treasure for leading members. Anthony Colman is John. The performance is great and at one point it was truly scary. When alone with Signe Hasso in her house, she was at the top of the stairs and he at the base. They had arguments. She wants "Tony" to go out, saying that she won't see him. He stared at her, his face hardened like he had never used before, and he said "Oh no, you won't!" He started moving upward, shocked Hasso and she ran into her room. He stopped himself and left. It was the true peak of his performance - even more than Hasso's attack on the stage or Edmond O'Brien or his killing of Shelley Winters. It showed his angry anger. For that time (for me) is a rewarding performance for the Oscars. But it was only that time I'm glad he accepted this role. But he should receive a reward for more consistent performances. <br /> <br /> His true acting in the role of Othello's Shakespearian is excellent. But not trusting Often he allowed the conversation to speak in a style of forced singing. (One thing that is suspected of being due to Walter Hampden's teaching, who may know how to properly handle the role or respond) Today, "Othello" is played by African-American actors more often than people. White skin Paul Robeson's great performance in the role that sets new traditions into place But the three well-known films in this category are Colman, Orson Welles, in his movie OTHELLO and Laurence Olivier in the movie OTHELLO. The three white actors act in the black face. My personal preference for these three is Wales, which looks the most delicate. But even seeing Welles' movie version made me angry that Robeson had never acted (with Jose Ferrer as Iago) on the film. <br /> <br /> Now the first question - the actor can wrap up with the role. Or did I hear things about this Some actors agree that taking a role back home from a drama or movie, others find that the role they have to motivate, influence them in the cause of new actions about their lives or aspects of Life But in fact, I have never heard anyone turn to kill people as a result of the role. <br /> <br /> In truth, it's not a new idea in 1947 with Cukor, Kanin and Gordon in 1944. The "B" feature THE BRIGHTON STRANGLER starring John Loder Use a similar plot about the infamous "Jack the Ripper" actor and who started to kill that type after an accident affecting his mind. There was a movie earlier in the decade. 1930, which Play Otello's jealousy of his wife. (I think that the title is man, not God. But I'm not sure) but because of Coleman's name and career and Cukor's directing, it's a life that people think about when they think about this concept. It's a joke (in the end) in the episode of CHEERS that Diane Chambers is helping a former prisoner who may have the ability to perform and they put OTHELLO at the bar after he saw her kissing Sam Malone. Diane is only aware of the problems of the former detainee's personality and cannot slow down production for long enough. (She tried to start a conversation in the history and symbolism of the play) <br /> <br /> The actors from A DOUBLE LIFE are number one and the direction of Cukor is as it used to be. Therefore, this movie should be worth watching. But although giving an interesting role to Coleman, it's not his best job on the screen.
