The second TV mini series is now not as good as the original from 1966, but it's strong. The manuscript has benefited from many things - in black and white. It has excellent jazz scores, and it is filmed in real places, including the Clutter family home. That's important because in the books and in The original movie has a lot of characters. <br /> <br /> This remake was filmed in Canada, which I think is ok for Kansas. The story tries to sympathize with Perry bravely, and Eric Roberts shows that he is a man who is quite fond of his homosexuality. The gentle man who Roberts did not work at the end, although it was difficult to believe that his version of Perry Smith would explode with a spasm in the end. While Robert Blake's use of Smith makes you no doubt that Perry Smith is his most dangerous character. <br /> <br /> Anthony Edwards is a man. That is great as Dick Hickock. His performance is comparable to the role of Scott Wilson in the original movie. <br /> <br /> Because this is a longer movie, so More time to develop the Clutter family and in this story I think the picture In 1996. The Clutters have an advantage as a family with a distinctive and appropriate. They never attacked other spirits and were only a mystery that such good families were eventually massacred in a horrible way. It still disturbed me that after the Clutters were trapped in the bathroom, Herb Clutter didn't force them to go out the window, so at least their children would have the opportunity to escape. This movie has an idea going on with him, but it's too late from what I read about the real house, which still stands, how to configure the bathroom, where they can open the counter drawer and effectively block the door which will force The killer burst into But it may be 'buying time for the group to escape Why don't the group try to do this? I have no idea. <br /> <br /> Fans of this book will recognize that this film uses a lot of freedom about crime. But not too serious But even so, it distracted the audience, like me, who read the story about a lot of cases. The actors who played as police, led by Sam Neill and Leo Rossi, were great too. I think it's a group rather than an actor in the original movie They know that keeping a loop around their necks, they must accept them to confess. And the staff came to interview perfectly They discovered an excuse that would be a fake story that would go to Fort Scott and have debunked all the staff. Then Smith & Hickcock just walked into their trap. Hickcock is a bs artist who can draft him. Convince anyone and the authorities let him tell his story respectfully. But when they reduced his prosperity, he quickly destroyed It was filmed and performed very well and was pleasant to watch because the audience should hate Hickcock, especially at this point. The cowardly impostor who wanted Smith to manage easily to kill him, Hickcock predicted later that the reason. True for the crime, not stealing money from the group, but raping Nancy Clutter. At least she survived that decay. <br /> <br /> The actors playing Clutters are very good. Kevin Tighe is Herb Clutter. Title to be associated with emotional problems of her pulsing nerve mildly clinically worrisome as possible and Mrs. Rutherford's inner strength is remarkable when you want strongly and want the killer leaving his daughter alone. From what I have read, the Cluthers' surviving family cares very much by the way Bonnie Gretsch portrayed the book, claiming that it is not entirely true. But as a separate person, how did the two killers get involved with the police? Mr. Clutter asked them not to disturb his wife because of a long illness. The roof of the car may be a novel that makes Bonnie's character more interesting. But of course, the murderer has no reason to show Mrs. Clutter's image and no doubt that the dialogue in this book (Repeated in the movie) is the confession of the killer tape. Therefore, it is nonsense for the herbs to be said and not true.
