Like everyone else, I have seen and studied most of the books and movies about Clutter Killings, including a few interesting drama works based on the actions and spiritual legends of the participants of crime - including Capote. In the story of Capote, I cannot forgive him without deliberately suspending Perry Smith's confession, intimacy and writings from even preventive advice. I believe that the truth and facts Capote "reserved" for his "book", which is necessary for the two Capote, who are guilty and the death penalty, almost certainly will receive the protection of unsound insanity for Perry Smith. Under the old McNaughton rule, Capote himself could not write another important literary work after "In Cold Blood". Shame and guilt In my opinion, he was willing to support and plan a brutal punishment to deliver the magnificent end he wanted for his book / drama for both of them to die in order for his book to succeed. This book must prove itself by pretending to be the horror of the death penalty. His actions and silence ensured that the cold conclusion <br /> Capote's book was not true. Is not true or is news It is a drama and a melodic story spiced with his own psychotic imagination creatively. What most people consider the virtues of the first film at the same time is the image of the mind of Capote, which may be the coldest aspect of everyone. It is not surprising that the audience mourned. But need to like Blake's performance That actor is a nightmare from Capote's untrustworthy imagination. <br /> <br /> So, who would say how to play two murderers? Who decides what will cause psychosis to be a poem from excessive manners and kindness to "kill"? I agree with a few people who saw Eric Roberts's performance in a great performance. Shakespearean is in scope but plays with sincere, miserable Anthony Edwards used "Attitude mode" that is safer in creating Hickok that is unclean, but he is one dimension and boring. There are only a few notes during his TV. Robert almost four dimensions add physical weakness and torture to the powerful animal creature Frankenstein, a creature that thinks in poetry and knows that Leopold apropos should not do anything like Robert Perry. Smith loves the wicked without hope. Without Hickok or someone with special abilities, Perry Smith would not have brought his psychotic thoughts to a terrifying world. He was afraid of himself rather than fearing anything else in life. <br /> <br /> When receiving the freedom from Cap's death in the consciousness of the massacre at Robert and Edwards, he was free to create. Original personality and mind to make a difference And producing a new drama Same facts, some same lines from the case record But deeper and more complex than with the stress of psychosis - Roberts is a very good man, like this madness that he shows both the body and the body at every moment Where or who is he? <br /> <br /> What many of our critics don't like about this movie is Robert. In particular, being cold-blooded is not shown as they are. He expected That's because here we see "The interpretation of life and death" is more realistic than Capote had ever created - a true tragedy. <br /> <br /> Mr. Capri, the true cold-blooded killer "His non-fiction documentary" does not pretend to control these interpretations and performances. <br /> <br /> If "in cold blood" and the impact of Capote on life, literature and truth are as important as the students. Academic says The courage as well as the ability to express the truth or the version of truth that is not in the ranks of the cowardly drawing from the depths of the deep Capote
