I am from Sweden and I just saw this movie and what I think is ok. I have seen many bad comments about this. But you have to remember that many people who watch these two plays are located around the world and not just in the United States. Also remember that everyone has never heard of things that happened in the 60s: and may not be in the event (murder). People around who do not like black and white movies This one feels fresh and colored and will meet with the public. Now it's 12 years old, but I just saw it for the first time. I will try to find the first one if I can compare them. But I haven't seen anywhere in Sweden. Ofcorse has internet. But not for everyone in the world The thing here is that most are part of American and big criminal history in 50-60: just in the United States. But in the rest of the world it just came through, I guess Someone told me for a while, but 40 years later it will fade away. For example, Europa makes time pass. We have our own problems and crimes, so if someone creates a new movie and brings it back to light again, it's not a bad idea at all. The new generation can participate in this horrible story and even the movie about Capote published a few years ago. The witch is a good movie. I think It will add interest to events that happened 50 years ago and may stop sleeping. It started and now I'm looking for Robert Blake-version. So it's not bad ... This is my opinion. Of course, some people will not agree, but hey ... that's okay. Sometimes there will be ok when creating old movies. Not every time the good old man Techniques for making movies have developed a lot and various scenes can make it more realistic. Of course, it's a question of money of course. There are many movies that do in "good old days" but have lost money, bad directors, etc. and they warn them today (50 years later) and suddenly they are ok My friend received a classic horror movie and this box, and I can't tell how impressed I was in the old days that were called good. Most of you put it directly in the trash. They are so bad that we sit just like zombies ... can't move ... like a dead brain. I can't recommend it to anyone. Some of them I have seen remakes and I remember like them ... but not the original. They are so painful. This is like the old story of the best bonding ... Moore or Connery ... I think if you see Roger Moore first, you might find someone you trust or like ... Thank you. For me and I am sorry My English is not that good. / Lars from Sweden
