I found that this family movie is pleasant and fun, even though I'm not a child. It is based on the idea of ​​a girl in a high school. Susan (Elisha Cuthbert) discovers that the elevator in her apartment building has become a time machine, when the chain key she received from a blind scientist was opened in the elevator lock. How to control the machine (With uncertainty about the time of day) <br /> <br /> This film is not a serious science fiction writing job. You have to ignore the usual uncertainties associated with changing the past through time travel, such as past changes, to prevent the Walker family from becoming a poor man in 1881, telling Susan about the financial problems that mothers have. Her means, which means Susan shouldn't have a reason to change the past from the beginning! But other than that, there are some good touches on the subject, such as the old elevator panels found in the women 's apartments that were invented and installed. The Time Machine does not have space for locks that enable the Time Machine feature. Children, we must assume that children will not share shocking information about time travel devices with parents or other adults, but must hide the travelers. <br /> <br /> You must also consider Some scenes are not good, and performances that do not receive the attention of some adult actors (child actors (Elisha Cuthbert, Gabrielle Boni and Matthew Harbor) all believe in their part) in one scene in the year. 1300 Native Americans noticed Susan observing and photographing them. But they did not register. Surprised in the sudden appearance of a white blonde girl in a strange dress. Their response was to stop what they were doing and walk calmly to Susan. In the same scene, Indian mothers are carrying what should be babies. But apparently is a doll (White and its head failed) <br /> <br /> Timothy Busfield, an award-winning actor originally Fame on the old TV "Thirty Something" of the TV, which gives unbelievable performance. On the other side of Michel Perron is the Italian producer (janitor) as well as Richard Jutra in his role as a nosy neighbor. (The neighbor name is Edward Ormondroyd, the name of the author of the novel is based on the movie.) I wonder if these problems may be the director's fault or possible to have a low budget. <br /> <br> Despite these shortcomings, I would like to introduce movies for children, in addition to interesting stories, also have educational value by pointing out that technology and social norms None changed much in 100 years.
