Richard Chamberlain is David Burton, a tax lawyer who lives in Sydney, Australia, who was arrested in a murder case, protecting five Aboriginal men accused of killing the natives in the horror film The Last Wave of Peter Weir. This film will delve into the exploration of foreign matter and in the process of showing the gap between the two cultures that live side by side. But lacking understanding of each other's culture and customs Weir showed that the white society considered indigenous beliefs to be superstitious and believed that because they lived in the city and were "houses", the laws and cultures of the tribes were no longer used. <br /> <br /> From the beginning, Burton will be drawn into the web vision and the new symbol, which divides the real time "The Time of Dreams" will disappear. Water has an important symbolic role in this film from the opening sequence in which the thunder and hail interrupted the peaceful school from Burton's discovery that his bathtub overflowed and the water flowed down. staircase Due to the severe and unusual weather conditions that continue with rain and black mud falling from the sky, the difference between a simple scientific explanation of the phenomenon and a simple understanding of the natives is clear. Burton and his wife Annie (Olivia Hamnet) studied books about the natives and learned about the role of dreams in the tribal tradition. When he invited one of his clients, Chris Lee (David Gulpilil), to his house for dinner, he was disturbed when he discovered that he was an investigator by Chris and his friend Charlie (Nadjiwarra Amagula). A mysterious Borin that involved the defendant, his client, worked hard by refusing to reveal the real events surrounding the murder. <br /> <br /> After Chris appeared in his dream, Burton believed that the people Was right These strikes in the tribal Ritual because "He saw too much," although Chris refused to acknowledge this in court. Burton, which is a puzzle that he cannot solve, becomes more and more violent. "Why don't you tell me that there is a mystery?" This is a legitimate question. But according to the church, Reverend answered all the mysteries Burton knew that he had to find the truth for himself and enter the tribe's underground cave. Although we do not know for sure what is real and what is a dream. But he came back to face his deepest fears in the climax of the climax that will make you ponder its meaning in a matter of hours. During this period of history, which the prophecies of the Hopi and Mayan natives predicted "the end of history" and the purification of humans that led to the fifth world, the last wave, even 25 years old, remains timely. Aboriginal people show that it is a lively culture, not a white person who is completely suppressed. But I felt embarrassed by the abortion feeling that we were looking at But rarely seen Weir opens our eyes to the mysteries that are beyond our view of reality. But he extended the time to set the punishment that saw only possible possibilities in terms of fear, showing that nature is dark and uncontrollable. Both sides of the time
