The film, released in 1977 by John Cassavetes, is what critics often call meaningful works of artists. It is a great movie of its own, and is one of the best images of a middle-aged crisis that was filmed. It wasn't a perfect movie in two hours and twenty-four minutes. It took half an hour too long and was focused on the drunkenness of the lead character of Myrtle Gordon played by Gena Rowlands, Cassavetes's wife, long after we received the issue. But only the masterpiece of Woody Allen was Another Woman, who starred Rowlands. Eleven years later, it was a better picture of the inner conflict of the old lady. However, Rowlands also received the Best Actress Award at the film festival. Berlin for this description and deserved Often this film, written by Cassavetes, was easily compared to the movie A Woman Under The Influence of his earlier and inferior. But it is a formidable comparison. The character of Rowlands in the film was severely disturbed from the start, including the blue background on the cover, while her character in this film and in Allen's movie is Both haunted artists In this movie, it is the ghost of a dead girl who can be seen as the younger gatekeeper of Myrtle, while in the movie Allen is a character in her past? Many critics brought the film as a picture of alcohol. See Myrtle surrounded by work, such as the stage manager who told her during the opening night. 'I've seen many drunken people in my time, but I' never saw anyone drunk as much as you could get up. You are great! 'But it's wrong because alcohol isn't her problem - or smoking her. They are just different from anything that truly caused her to be destroyed and put Cassavetes's credit as a storyteller. He never let us find out what's wrong with Myrtle and even though she reached the point. Ended The reason for the expectation that she will fix what really happened. This end has no direct link to solve the problem. Cassavetes directly with the brave European director of the past who felt comfortable not to reveal every The thing to the audience and forcing the audience to ponder, even if it is painful.> This film summarizes the perfection of the effects of drunkenness or fever from the fog and the audience. Once again, it is subliminally involved in the drama, regardless of whether Gordon Myrtle will recover after the film's universe about her, allowing all audiences to decide and as we have seen before. The lid is closed.
