When watching the John Cassavetes movie last night, I thought of something that Quentin Tarantino said in an interview about personal experiences as a creator of art or acting. He talks about the example that if he runs to a dog while traveling to play the drama, it will not end his life. But it will affect him and he has no doubt that Must bring that experience with him on the stage, even if it is a light joke. "Otherwise," he said, "What am I doing?" I couldn't help thinking of his words when watching Gena Rowland's character. , Myrtle Gordon, almost all week or through very similar situations Of course, there is more in the movie of Cassavetes, because it is about the work of the theater around the actor, what emotions and feelings of humans mean when watching the play, the characters and the lives of all people when there is (such as Myrtle <br /> <br /> Near the beginning of the movie after leaving the show, Myrtle is signing an autograph and a fan named Nancy comes up to her favorite star and Her heart went out to Myrtle. It was an impressive time. But not as long as she had to be in the car (Rain and all) Then she looked with fear while the girl standing by the car while driving away was hit by another car in a car accident. She wasn't really sure what had happened. But then discovered the next day that in reality the woman died from being hit After that, she was shocked by this, even after she thought it was outside her system. In the beginning, this performance was a little like, for example, when she rehearsed the scene with her fellow actors (played by Cassavetes) and didn't seem to be attacked - she blamed the lack of depth in the character (author: "What do you think the drama lacks?" "Hope" Myrtle said) - But then Nancy began to show her that Myrtle's presence was real until she left. Suddenly, <br /> <br /> Cassavetes in the movie In the past, after finding things that were emotionally meant to feel about something and feel it or lack of it and things that affect others around it, this is not a new thing for Rowlands earlier. Used to play a woman at his own edge in Woman Under the Influence (in that case, because of alcohol) and would not be an alien land for Costar Ben Gazzara, who had just starred in the actors To kill the Chinese bookmaker But the actors show everything necessary to their characters in every scene. Cassavetes didn't tell them how to get from A to B in one scene and he didn't have to do it. There is an emotion in the movie Cassavetes that is more important than a camera that works as a cube. For example, you know that myrtle should have one of the contents, even if it doesn't have a plot. But she was haunted and dissatisfied with her character who lacked the depth and tone of the drama. ("Aging, who can see that?" She asked the playwright.) And it also affected those around me. <br /> <br /> The question soon became impossible. General playwrights will cause conflict. 'Will she be able to go on stage? Will the program continue?' This is not important for Cassavetes, even if there is the same as the question. 'She's okay'. Maybe through a brutal drama, such as "The Second Woman" can help her deal with her personal demons and she lost her occupation in reality (see Sara and attack her in front of all strangers). Who wondered what had happened) or did the drama lack hope to make everything wrong with her? The depth of Rowlands towards her character is harsh and harrowing, and it doesn't mean that it is more boring. Woman Under the Influence - If there is anything, it is as good as this honest movie about people in this profession. And So other performances are also true. From Gazarra to Nancy, played by Laura Johnson, the subtle Cassavetes, answering questions that have been placed on their own is not easy. <br /> <br /> One of the true excitement of the ceremony. Opening the night with seeing a great actor doing an amazing script is to see Cassavetes performing the way he did. We see the play - and obviously it is real play - and we know only a little. Be it about? When we see actors on stage showing it, we will refine and deteriorate while participating in the things that happen. (Tight relations and business and occasional slap and domestic violence) and the adaptation of actors I suspect that seeing how much adjustment has been made, Cassavetes allowed other actors to do something in the scene where Myrtle began to stray or in the climax was completely destroyed. He is also on stage, so it must have something for them to do it in advance and let things happen. <br /> <br /> It's funny, shocking, chilling and your seat. Something of the best movie theater scenes in the movie, and we see the line between actors, actors, actors, actors and actors blurring together. Amazingly, Opening Night is a potent drama full of speech. Talk honestly about death and madness, truth and fiction that love is between people and in the end, what does 'acting' really mean?
