Pauline Kael suggested once, never being a fan at Cassavetes, thinking that unlike directors But like actors, what Kael means, he lacks the complexity as a filmmaker. For that comparison with me, it never felt like Cassavetes was directing himself in the movie. It felt like Cassavetes buried himself in his own creation, like Orson Welles Cassavetes, as well as Welles, but more important as a true artist. (Compared to technicians or rhetoric) This is like a mix of passion in Italy (although Cassavetes is really Greek) and Scandinavian intro The devil never touched before. <br /> <br /> It's about the mystery of becoming a show and acting. As with the ghostly James crossing record, it has resonated. The collapse of Rowlands, which is surprising and almost opera and astounding, comes from Cassavetes along with a scary and unstable piano. Who is this woman dead? The possibility of metaphysics is endless, and it is amazing to find this in the movie Cassavetes. (There is still a short dub at the beginning) But then he is always smart. He never turns around for easy praise. This is not "adjustment"; Here, the combination of reality and fiction and drama does not show intelligence. But to show the chaos and confusion created. <br /> <br /> Many happen. Pure and cheerful love when Rowlands greets her concierge. The horror when she dances ... The scene in which the girl talks about the way she dedicates her life to art and music is one of the most powerful demonstrations to understand that being a fan of someone. You can see some roots of this thing in "A Star Is Born" and Almodovar borrowed for "All About My My". I think the ending is a little disappointing because of the ideal laugh. But the preparation that leads to it is almost boring. (You can shoot me But I think alcoholism, despite the urgency of many scenes, is a relatively small point about movies) <br /> <br /> It's a living thing, breathing and feeling like a process: which direction can it go? At any time, as with "Taste of Cherry", we are reminded that "You must never forget. This is just a play." But it's dangerous: When Rowlands says that the line is a great drama? How do viewers receive it? Is she a reflection? Is she not interested? The disintegration of her character was combined with the performance and eventually this film in a manner that was like seeing a woman Dean Dean. 10/10
