Yesterday I went to the ancient market that came into the city every month. I have no interest in things, but I go to find friends who are interested. When looking at hundreds of sellers quickly through many of them, I saw people selling VHS tapes and DVD movies, most of which he had on the DVD quite recently; The oldest thing I noticed was 1940. Cary Grant-Irene Dunne, who works with My FAVORITE WIFE, but their natural VHS tapes are mostly older movies. I couldn't resist buying something because they were sold at 3 tapes for $ 10.00. It's a bargain, like Eddie Murphy once said. I found a movie I've heard for many years. But never seen: OPENING NIGHT (John77 Cassavettes) by John Cassatate Of course, I want to be a big fan of Gena Rowlands, and I heard that this movie has one of her best performances. He also has a face (2511). I've seen this thing about 20 years ago, which is a time when I may not have enough life experience to appreciate it thoroughly. And I want to take advantage of the bargain so I grabbed it as well. My other option is CLAIRE'S KNEE (1970) <br /> <br /> When I got home I decided to leave the job. I planned so that I could watch the night open. I am totally passionate about this movie. It focuses on Myrtle Gordon (Gena Rowlands), famous actors of the stage and scenes, which during the preview outside the city have personal and professional problems to deal with her characters and the style of play of the elderly. After one rehearsal, her big fans and autographs shouted with the cry (and tears) of "I love you! I love you! "A few minutes later, this fan was hit by a car and killed. This started Myrtle's descent into her own, in which she faced her own fears in the future of her career as an actress and the shortcomings she encountered in the drama. (Written by an older female playwright She saw a dead girl who was a clear symbol of her past throughout the movie. Drink almost all the time And received sincere support from her director (Ben Gazzara), the producer (Paul Stewart), her actress (John Cassavettes himself) and the playwright In fact, they are more concerned about her behavior that will affect them and their careers: rubbing on the stage, re-improvising, generally cracking on the stage, <br /> <br /> This story serves not only But to solve the problem of aging But also to promote the dissatisfaction of Cassavettes by creating mainstream movies As I watched the movie, I was surprised, confused, confused and insulted. But eventually engaging, entertaining and satisfying, Cassavettes had a great sense of humor, paying much attention to his audience's understanding of what he meant and wanting them to be emotionally involved in the story. He alluded to everything about EVE by using an avid drama fan, even dressed in a girl's hat and hat, similar to that of Anne Baxter wearing at the beginning of the film. This allusion acts as clearly as possible to support his aging theme, the differences of old and younger women. Obviously he also used the symbolic difference for Myrtle to confront the missing child. At first I felt that the symbol was too clear. But then I realized that it was Cassavettes' intention. He didn't want the audience to misunderstand what he was doing. If they do, they will interfere with their emotional involvement. The demon of this young man haunts Myrtle to attack her and wants to destroy her. Eventually, Myrtle "killed" her, but before she agreed to herself and the drama, she had to reach the lowest point, so Cassavettes made her drunk until unable to walk and had to crawl to the dressing room She was on the night of the drama on Broadway. She revived herself. (Helping yourself out of this situation is important to the theme of the movie) and making the play successful with great performances and changing the direction of play better by adjusting to have hope The older character she is playing These scenes are funny and interesting. Cassavettes and Rowlands actually play in front of a live audience who do and don't know that they are part of the movie. The drama that they are doing is different: it's important and serious about the issues discussed. That is, until Myrtle changed the storyline. In doing this, she also improved the work of her co-stars. The natural evolution of interaction (Achieving through adaptation) Between and between humans, privacy and universal truth - these are the concerns of Cassavettes in making movies. <br /> <br /> Gena Rowlands is amazing. Wonderful and Cassavettes (famous for her love throughout their married life) treat us in a lot of closeup of it She makes you care for this character so much that you want to see her work escape from this spiritual crisis. And this is what you pay attention to for 2 hours and 30 minutes. This movie is intended and needs constant attention. But those who are interested in creating good movies and great performances will be rewarded. There are others saying that this is a movie for those who love movies. All others will be warned in advance. <br /> <br /> Find an open night if you have never seen it. Everyone in that is excellent and one of the best films of Cassavettes.
