*** From **** <br /> <br /> Yes! Dressed To Kill is a type of movie. It's like Kalifornia. But it's different. Remember? This film from 1993, which showed Brad Pitt as a serial killer "Welcome" by two travelers traveling to California, a friend who may be a good company along the way. When I watch movies, I don't like to know anything about the story before watching because the surprise might cool down. That's the way it used to be with Kalifornia. When I first watched it last year, I didn't know that it was a movie that had to be suspected. So when I discovered that I was shocked and when the film started to shine, I continued. Even better My seat is almost kissing my screen, so I get close to it! We are talking about Dressed To Kill, right before I watch this movie (today!). I only watched 2 other movies from Brian De Palma, so I can tell that I don't really know the work. What is his Great as you can. Carrie (1976) and Mission: Impossible (1996) When I watched Carrie on TV, I felt like getting a DVD and I can say: This movie is great! Mission: Impossible and today I watched the third movie from DePalma. <br /> <br /> Dressed To Kill is a movie like Kalifornia. When the movie continues, it will be different from what you expected. I was watching, wondering the scene of the museum where Dickinson followed the mysterious man to his taxi and they ended up in the apartment room. You might guess what happened there. But when the movie came to the scene of the elevator, the movie proceeded completely in a different path. I watched the rest of the movie and liked it a lot. However, there are some low points ... Some characters in the movie are silent! For example, a mysterious person from the museum scene I always hope that he will say something. But he never did! It's totally ridiculous and there is no doubt that there is something that makes me change my mind without accepting this movie, at least almost as a masterpiece. Even in the taxi scene where Dickinson tried to apologize for what happened in the museum, the man was completely silent, grabbed her, pulled her into the taxi, and they began to kiss each other. You know, it reminds me of the Mexican television drama in the 70s "El Chavo Del 8", which some characters are completely silent. When passing the low point of this movie, it is a great movie based on suspicion, character and story. Dennis Franz is great as a detective Marino! Remind me to think of him as Capt. Carmine Lorenzo in Die Hard 2 (1990), which he plays as almost all the same characters. <br /> <br /> Now, the review is over. The ending of Dressed To Kill. That is the same ending as Carrie! I don't know if I like this or not, because I hate imitation! I understand that Carrie is a movie from DePalma, so it's not really imitation because it's his idea! But it turned out to be a recurring idea in Dressed To Kill, so DePalma might do something different instead of showing Nancy Allen waking up from the same bad dreams that Amy Irving had done in Carrie's final scene. The lowest, no doubt. But if you go through this, you will find that Dressed To Kill is a really good movie and I would like to confirm that it's not a waste of time.
