I just watched Dressed to Kill, which was written and directed by Brian De Palma.the DVD has both "R" versions, ratings and non-rated versions. I chose the non-rated version since I haven't watched the "R" version of my version. Can't be clearly convinced of the difference. However, there are nudity, women, graphics, graphics and scenes that express their satisfaction clearly. In this model, I guess you can call this scene. What might make you indignant, I suggest you look at the "R" version, but I digress. Any comments from here in referring to a version that is not rated here is a murder mystery / psychological horror / suspense movie. However, the blood is one of the death notes of the note. The action of killing itself is quite graphic. However, the blood itself doesn't look real. It is reminiscent of how the 70s movies will look. I believe this is an intentional action. Compensate the severity of their actions to make the scene truly The budget, the most feeling of violence or possibility, is quite suggestive that this movie is as good as I can tell that every scene has a purpose, which I find very rare compared to Many movies today However, I think the performance is good, especially Angie Dickinson and Michelle Kane, changing the performance quietly in his script, which works well in this case. This movie has an idea in my heart though. There will be some people People may find it predictable. Complaints only. (And it is more noticeable) I think the character played by Nancy Allen should get more flesh, especially considering that she has enough time Thinks that she works well with what she has received and that this thing is not really taken out of the quality of this movie. The film also has a strong morality towards this film which is more relevant in today Hit you over the head as well. I also like the music score composed by Pino Dinaggioi. It feels like it's a song in the original Psycho. For me, this song really elevates the movie. I think this movie is great for me. / 10
