May have a little spoiler. <br /> <br /> Dressed to Kill has just seen for the first time the day before. It is a movie with excellent sequel, good performance and good performance. Although Hitchcock ripoff is clearly a twisted plan in At the end It is too bad, obviously preventing it from being a classic. <br /> <br /> Dress up to kill the deal with the mystery of the killer who killed at least two women. (Probably more than that, but the movie never told us) and the search for a killer by three people: a smart child whose mother is a victim, a lively prostitute who is the only person who can identify the murderer and psychiatrist that the patient is the mother of. Children who were killed by the brain There are a host of well-performed performances, including Nancy Allen, while Hooker Liz, Angie Dickenson as a sexually abused Kate Miller victim and Micheal Caine plays Rober Elliot, who is more hidden than his eyes. Although there is no standard, anyone really stands out. On the other hand, Denise Franz, later, was a great character in line with the popular NYPD Blue program. It was a shame as a detective that was too brutally brutal, even though he spent a little time on the screen. So it doesn't hurt The movie Keith Gordon, a brain child is good, but almost too smart to believe. <br /> <br /> The thing that stuck with me in this movie is the tense sequence. The frustrating scene with moms about sex in the museum is attractive and well done, as well as the subsequent scenes that lead to her premature death. I like the sequence at the doctor's office, which reveals the identity of the murderer, which immediately makes this movie come together. And there is a split screen scene that I think is almost classic There is another situation when Liz is on a train, running out of things that may be a murderer that is taken in a direction that should not have almost an embarrassing racial pattern. As a thriller, it is quite tense and often believed. As a crime drama, it often stumbles, especially with incomplete and ridiculous explanations of everything that happens at the end. There is also a sequence of dreams that are not necessary and too long at the end, in which they have the courage to shoot someone's foot in what appears to be a minute each time. This is an experience that fluctuates; One scene will catch me with heart and thoughts by temptation and will continue to make me struggling and asking why. In more than 100 minutes, this thing may be lower than 90 and is a better movie. <br /> <br /> Scary movie fans should be like this. It is still a better movie than a slow slap in the present. Maybe it was a better movie at that time, but recently I just saw it recently. I can say that I enjoy it.
