Dress to kill. Start with Kate Miller. (Angie Dickinson) has a clearly sexual nightmare. Later that day, she meets a psychiatrist, Dr. Robert Elliott (Michael Caine), her psychiatrist during her acceptance of marriage. Then, Kate goes to the museum & picks up a stranger. They return to his apartment for sex. Casual when Kate is going out But was attacked and killed in an elevator building by a sword, wielding a blonde whore girl, Liz Blake (Nancy Allen). Discover the horrible scene and see the killer. But escaped, Detective Marino (Dennis Franz) said that he suspected that Liz was a murderer because of no other witnesses. Therefore, Liz teamed up with Kate Peter's son (Keith Gordon <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Brian De Palma, I think Dressed to Kill is a good psychological murder mystery. Scripts are sometimes measured and slow. But like to focus on the characters so that you know that they are actually. The first twenty minutes are all developing Kate as characters before she is killed immediately. No one can see this. Dressed to Kill is quite attractive and engaging. Unfortunately, the character itself is not a favorite. I found that some conversations were quite funny at times, especially the dirty talk that Liz spewed out occasionally. The killer's motivation is quite reliable. But I think you have to be confused before doing anything recommended in Dressed to Kill. It's a good movie. But it didn't make me very excited. & I didn't find any characters that were rooted or liked. This film is not necessary and unnecessary. The ending I don't really see. <br /> <br /> Director De Palma is directed with style and visual ability, from the order of the art museum to the chase. Car and is All of them were flawless. I think every shot in Dressed to Kill has a lot of thoughts. I felt that the film was quite flat and didn't receive attention at times, even though there was nothing about it that made me very excited. There are fair nudity, sex and rape along with blood and minor violence. Kate's murder with a razor blade in the elevator is a highlight if it is the correct word. However, whether it is shocking or conflicting when watching today, many people believe that. <br /> <br /> With a budget of around $ 6,500,000, Dressed to Kill makes sense to value High production of Hollywood film The location of New York is very good. The movie was filmed very well. I think that music is inappropriate & far from loud and disturbing. The performance is ok. But despite his maximum charge, I don't think Ken will have that screen for that long. Allen married the director De Palma at the time of the dress-up to kill. Interestingly, from the four films that she appeared in the film by De Palma in these two stories & the explosion (1981), he performed As a prostitute .... The body is used for Dickinson because she is satisfied with the shower at the beginning. <br /> <br /> Dressed to Kill is a great thriller that is worth watching. But I don't think it will live It is a noble reputation, but not great.
