Understanding Dress to Kill made a little ruckus when first launched in 1980. You have "Police Girl" in a great erotic role, while Angie Dicknson plays a frustrated housewife looking for a good time in the wrong museum ( And got into the elevator of the apartment) including Nancy Allen as a young caller, Michael Caine, as New York's cousin of Norman Bates. Today, it is slightly less standardized and like this, even if the model has no ranking, has the most "hot" content of any De Palma movie, at least during his semi-automatic in the 70s and early 80s, which he seems to be. repeat The story is repeated. The idea that came out of the movie wheel of Hitchcock's classic. It is a simple matter that some people see in Sister and then perform again in the Body Double and in the Blow Out. Cutie Allen plays the role of Liz Blake, who must clear the suspect's name in Killing Kate (Dickinson in the 'MILF' mode, full-blown) after being found with a razor-killing weapon from Dr.'s office Elliott (Michael Caine, mostly a cold stone) <br /> <br /> From the beginning, De Palma seems to be a way to organize dangerous sexual fantasy scenes as a way. To increase the opening scene of Carey (Which is sometimes just a conditional modification) Yourself from the track and want to track over any tension. Chase through the subway. (A precursor to the way Carlito) is made with the precise level of skepticism while having a slight exploitation with the Black Gang; The character of Peter, the son of Kate (Keith Gordon), who plays what is the younger generation of real life De Palma like a child. (Exaggerated science obsessed with Hitchcock and the voyeur) and it is entertainment and stunned as hell is the closest to the true synthesis of De Palma's unique thriller while Still not conscious of himself by the attitude of filmmaking. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, the same sense of consciousness came back to bite the director at the bottom a few times. A few years ago and in Dressed to Kill, it started to be unpredictable and disappointing because the story had to end. When Psycho's style appears more clearly (Men who want to change sex do not think they kill because it is * you * are doing). There are scenes in the police station mentioned above. The movie Hitch looks like an amazing psychological revelation. And the final scene at Peter's house calls for a very successful scene in Carrie, which is for the management that even De Palma pleads. The final match, in particular, even though the class of professors in copying themselves But there is a very complete scene within himself, the perfect scene at the mental hospital amidst the confusion, the confusion that the doctor takes care of the nurse, which other prisoners behave like animals in the zoo and head. Shooting on the scene is one of the best images of sexual / general distortions that have ever been recorded in a movie. <br /> <br /> The shame then ends in a strange and not stable And it is an amazing piece of pulp cinema, which has a technical class (soft light, complex camera movement, simple look) amidst the stories that should be found in the mix of 25 cents paperback book It's not a masterpiece. But of course I will play the director of the director's most exciting every day.
