In France, it is considered polite from the French critics to show the chain of films that Brian De Palma left behind. However, a good proportion of his films were destroyed by shocking effects "Carrie" (1976), "the Fury" (1978) "Scarface" (1983), without mentioning his loan from Hitchcock at This in "Dressed to Kill" is impossible to think of "Vertigo" (1958) for a long sequence in the museum, while the important moments in raising reminds of the poetry sequence of "Psycho" (1960). With our related movies, I do not want to revive the discussion Gila: De Palma Hitchcock? I am always kind and kind of "Dressed to Kill" in the category of De Palma's winners alongside "Sisters" (1973) and "Obssession" (1976) with some reservations and they are what I got. Stated earlier, which is fueling the quarrel between De Palma's crazy fans and the governor. <br /> <br /> If there is one certain thing in "Dressed to Kill" among lovers It is De Palma's morality in directing him to swing his camera. For mobile professionals, the filmmakers do. His complex camera works superbly, stimulating suspicions that cause tension and ailing aura. The audience is easily placed in front of the screen. This has been aided by the use of quiet sequences many times while everything depends on the look and appearance. Anyway, in "Psycho", there are quiet and suspicious parts for a long time ... <br / > <br /> But vintage's main drawback in the year 1980 of De Palma is that the quality of the plot cannot be determined. And seems to be a new type of ingredient, many formulas that are repetitive in relation to the number of murders, countless stories Prostitutes are witnesses. Solely of crime Then she was suspected by the police and had to act on her own. (With a little help from the victim's son from the scene in the subway station onwards)) to find the murderer and prove her innocence In addition to the fact that De Palma used the type of character that was not once reduced to reality, it was a menu with a warm smell. And the filmmakers finished his film in the order that was directed to the opening. Yes, it was great. But when people discover a real function, a number: "It's almost a blank filler". Perhaps De Palma wants to stretch his film for more than an hour and a half. Will know who is the murderer (And even earlier) <br /> <br /> Both are important in the theme of De Palma's theme. Hinges for modifications and voyeurism. The latter theme is in the "Dressed to Kill" from the first scene onwards, which makes the movie This looks like a soft porn movie and the filmmaker is not afraid to film the main actor Nancy Allen and his wife in her underwear. I found that his approach to this matter was quite suspicious. But sometimes the first thought was the mirror of the audience and De Palma wanted to stimulate his Tom side. <br /> <br /> I didn't want to look down on De Palma's work. Affecting communication to correct the global weakness of stories and suspicious aspects Twenty-six years after that, the conflict that arose between movie viewers was not ready to subside.
