Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson) is having problems in her marriage and others - enough to meet a psychologist. When her turmoil caused her trouble, it involved the observer Liz Blake (Nancy Allen), who was wrapped up in an investigation to find the identity of a psychopathic killer. rather Historical It is one of the previous examples of contemporary style thriller that is written. There is an extension all the way through Hide and Seek (2005). It's strange that director Brian De Palma tried to cradle the sample. For example, De Palma raised part of Vertigo (1958) for the Dressed to Kill scene of the famous museum. Dress up Kill's bath scene, including villains and death methods, similar to Psycho (1960). De Palma has a score with a pattern that is repeated in the style of the favorite composer of Bernard Hernandez. Hermann The similarities do not end there. <br /> <br /> But De Palma, whether by chance or ability, can distract from his influence or ability with Dressed to Kill with a structured attitude. And Influential flow May be partly due to this influence. Dressed to Kill has a lot of flaws when viewed. At this point in time, countless directors have brought De Palma like their Hitchcock and developed it almost better. Every element, so when watching now, after being influenced by the 25-year-old thriller Dressed to Kill, it seems to be a mess. <br /> <br /> One aspect of the movie that is unfortunately not yet developed is Make up to the sex scenes and nudity of Killeen. Both Dickinson and Allen treat us to be naked in full. (Allen came from a very skewed angle) and De Palma had photographed Dickinson's breasts, implicitly violent orgasm and more visceral sex scenes. The scene is quite toward porn softcore. I am not a true fan of pride - contrary to the strict attitude of religion, our spouse, shelter to sex and nudity that disturbed me. So, from my point of view, it's sad that Dressed to Kill focuses on the flesh and the joy of it is one of the few things that others don't follow suit or trump movies. Maybe it is needed But they are not allowed to do as appropriate due to cultural control from the conservative stuffed shirt. <br /> <br /> The direction of De Palma's filming and some scenes are good enough as well. Difficult to do something in the same style better than De Palma. He has a strange and unique way to close up and he likes to take pictures from interesting angles such as top view and tracking. Like James Vale in a distant scene in the scene Of course, the director later became active. But it's hard to say that they do better When looking at the ability to make movies at least, the museum's scenes are characterized by the ability to create deep tension over the fallen gloves and quickly while Kate walks through the complex blocks of the Metro Art Museum. Politan> <br /> On the other hand, from a perspective that cares about the story and especially if someone expects to watch the movie All the horror in the museum scene and a little more than might look too slow and stupid. Due to withdrawing from the main genre of the film and its main concern by dressing up as a director (Including cultural facts that are outside the film). The opening seems to be an attempt that does not blend greatly in making it into shape. When the first murder occurred, things got better, but due to the influence of this film, most improvements seemed to be somewhat outdated and sometimes with a sense of <br /> <br /> Most performances were good. Caine and Dickinson have to leave faster than we want. (But the solution is necessary and very effective) Dressed to Kill, at least, should have your interest until the end. But due to the fact that it is not in the picture itself at this point, it may be best to watch the movie primarily as a historical relic and as an example - but not the best for that era - of De Palma's cunning
