Just watched The Groove Tube, which I saw for the first time about 23 years ago. When I was a teenager before going to see HBO with his brother and close friends, we used to watch Animal House before that, so we saw the movie. Two stories that starred SNL alumni and have bare breasts Good thing, our parents sleep all the time! However, there are a lot of strange and funny stories in this movie that are eye-opening like Brown 25 of the Uranus movie, commercial industry. ("With the taste of beef stew" The announcer said that the obvious thing of man came from Oh, the white tube!) Or the face of the puppet talking about the VD (scrotum with a small penis that has gaze). Chevy Chase and Richard Belzer create their documentary film here. Chase is hilarious, no matter what to do with a woman. Peeling Geritan has his hands in sex. "Let the fingers do" advertise or sing "Four Leaf Clover" with co-writer / director Ken Shapiro Roti hands on his head. Blazer joined hands with Shapiro in the movie "The Dealer" and "Evening News One Day Channel", with a blazer as a black prostitute trying to juggle with journalists Ken who played Lyoness. The "Lionel sounded like a train that I'm going to ride like Choo-Choo!" Other outrageous bits include "The Koko Show" and Shipiro as the host. "Ten years old" went out of the room, read his audience's request, like the "Fanny Hill" walkway, or how about the Olympics, with the German couple making love was announced by two men. (One of them, Spain) as they were clear while "Please Stand By" interrupted on the screen! Or an animation group in "The Dealer", which shows the dance room after Shapiro is addicted to marijuana! Not everything is dirty. In addition to the dance, "Four Leaf Clover" at the end, there are a lot of fun songs with Ken lip-syncing recording "Just You, Just Me" while dancing with a suit and briefcase around the city along with the police. Occasionally, writer Lane Sarasohn) joined, so in conclusion this is one of the comedy films that seem to have other influences such as movies (Tunnelvision, Kentucky Fried Movie) and maybe Saturday Night Live (which made Chevy act as a star. First) day element Which is still amusing today. PS While I like listening to "Move On Up" by Curtis Mayfield during the beginning of gorilla dance / hitchhiking, I started Wondering what the point is with the order of those waving and women who picked him up. Ran and had a naked man arrested by the police on the road Think of it as one of the 70's streaking things ...
