You know what they say about the 70s if you remember that you weren't there. One of the few things I remember about the 70s was the first hippie and hip social satire seen from an anti-underground cultural perspective .. Groove Tube, if the humor looks faded or ridiculous now for people Watching some people may be because there have been many events in the last 30 years and comedy movies are no longer 'fresh' but ... Hey! When this film came out for the first time and some of these games were being made for the first time during the time that Nixon was active in the Vietnam War, it was intensifying. And J.Edgar Hoover remained. In the FBI's care, this was a movie created before Watergate crashed, and it was one of the first movies to be swept in the workplace .. to create Fun for the hippies at the same time And frankly, some games are still a joke if you like Cheech and Chong's "Up In Smoke" .. You will love this movie. <br /> <br /> If you want to know what the 70s is How do you like .. Check out Groove Tube .. If you like Oscars that have won the "Network" award from about the same year and think it's the mark of cruel TV, you will dig Groove Tube .. which will be selected. Theme But playing from the corner of the audience .. the young audience that turned off the TV for other entertainment .... we were raised by Ozzie & Harriet "let it be a vagina" my father knew the best three days ... Let's imagine Our happiness when we who are experimenting with new life forms must see the delivery box as seen from our point of view! Advertising by the Uranus Company alone is priceless .. "Good things come from Uranus" .... and the sudden destruction of the movie straight into the animation style Fritz the cat. When the hippies eat weeds, they are still one. And leaving the consciousness that I had seen in the movie. <br /> <br /> If you like Kentucky Fried movies, you will love this movie. And if you have ever wondered why your strange uncle, Harrol, still receives an evil eye when he goes back to his school days .. this will be the perfect movie to watch. <br /> <br /> Take it for what it is .. It's a souvenir ... and a little cheeky movie that will help all of us who have forgotten the 70s to remember them again.
