This is the last time the four quackers from France that I have scheduled to see during this Christmas season: others (in order of view) are those who are not interested in THE BLACK TULIP (1964; From the same director, LADY Oscar, surprisingly powerful (1979; Which has its origins as a Japanese manga!) And CARTOUCHE (1962), which is beautiful. In fact, I have watched this program recently on an Italian TV late at night and remember that it was not rolled down specifically for me. Will be truly amazed how much I enjoy it at this time The enthusiasm that appeared to this film here and elsewhere when the first announcement that the DVD will be released from Criterion) <br /> <br /> Inadvertently FANFAN LA TULIPE is quite the same with CARTOUCHE. Such as: just actors and teams (producer Georges Dancigers and Alexandre Mnouchkine, director of Christian Christian Matras, actor Noel Roquevert), but also smart people as well? In fact, the hero is a female soldier (Cartouche of Jean-Paul Belmondo, also has a short military spell), which is the love of a hot girl. (In this case, Gipsy Gina Lollobrigida), while he also falls in love with a love that cannot happen No one except the daughter of the king)! In the next film, Fanfan (a great actor like Gerard Philipe, who was ironically full of life here, found it difficult to believe that he was ill with cancer within 7 years), flanked on both sides. Men who love fun and funky (One of them was his high-ranking officer and the heroine's father) and objected to by unscrupulous people in his group (who was Roquevert, who eventually joined the rooftop battle as well) Designed about love with a gypsy woman) ;; For that record, Lollobrigida will return to work with Philippe in her next film. LES BELLES DE NUIT (1952) Rene Clair's delightful romantic film (1952). FANFAN fans have proven to be a movie made. Box office income Even though it won the Best Direction Award But deserve to be at Cannes for more famous movies such as AN American IN Paris (1951), DETECTIVE STORY (1951), OTHELLO, UMBERTO D. and VIVA ZAPATA! In fact, the popularity ensures that it will be available in color computer versions. (Probably for the benefit of the audience who did not touch the black and white products with a ten foot long pole) and the DVD Criterion has examples from this variable, apparently as a foreign language name. There is also a questionable option. Of the English soundtrack But even though these things proved to be especially painless to sit and consider when everything was said and done, <br /> <br /> FANFAN LA TULIPE (a nickname given to young people from Genevieve Page in As the famous Madame de Pompadour) has the most comedy as action and romance While some people may find that this is overwhelming, I disagree with myself when I like violent sarcastic lectures, and in general, this combination is as funny as Jerzy Skolimowski as the adventures of Girard (1970) said that fighting fencing here is remarkably powerful for a joyous organization. (Especially the fight in the forest and ambush in the convent) and the movie is quite mature sometimes (There are various sexual references when looking backwards with Hollywood fare, as I do now; The climax is so brilliant: the enemy's forces (Who was made to speak out in no hurry!) Was taken away from our three brave fighters alone, causing the king's surprise to be as Marcel Herrand expressed? Best known for his role in the leadership of the Mafia in Paris in the children of Marcel Carne 'PARADISE (1945) ?? He himself is an avalanche. <br /> <br /> PS Italian TV channels are threatening to scrutinize CHAMPAGNE for the hope of Christian-Jaque (1964) for several months now But even though the program has been set three times (With the fourth rank set for next week) they haven't shown Still, I still have three of his films in my unpublished VHS. (Screened from Italian TV programs late at night): EPIC LA CHARTREUSE DE PARME (1948; Starring Gerard Philippe), The SECOND TWIN 1967) and the legend of FRENCHIE KING (1971; With Brigitte Bardot and Claudia Cardinale)
