One of the greatest Westerns of all time! But this one differs from other horses not related to nature, shootouts, etc., but instead involves the Winchester '73 one rifle, and this rifle affects others and the way they are effective. The rifle is not a living thing. Breathing human beings, right? You may tend to believe that it is not But seems to have their own ideas for two very similar reasons: it returns to the right owner at the end, even during the rest of the picture, the owner of the "owner" who doesn't think of doing it Fully No, and seems to be unhappy until he returns to the original owner, so accidentally "bad" owners often lose or attempt to kill and protect and keep until they return to James. Stewart, then it is "content", but not all owners should receive. Stewart did, of course, because he couldn't win McNally because he had to be a dirty bandit and steal it. Drake wasn't sure because he might have lost in the poker game and Drake was too cowardly to fight. So why would he have a rifle? One person if he won't use it? Duryea can't because he is just a madman and we all know that the madman laughs not deserving of a gun. This film has only the western edge that can be obtained, such as the Ox-Bow event. Westerners have their own noir types, unlike the Bogart movies in the 30s and 40s. It's the best one. From all five Stewart-Mann West, although my personal favorite is The other four "curves of the river" are very different from this one. I don't think it's a coincidence to see that the other four are colored and this is black and white. This is because of the noir edge. The five films feature Stewart's vengeance and dark past in this film, to the point that this is not just the dark side of Stewart. But actually is a type of character, not in the credit list You can recognize and know that it is always there. However, this character is not only But it is only a revenge and a dark past But still in a state of extreme danger and character that is very different from Stewart, making it more than four sectors in all aspects But Stewart never crossed the line However, he did follow the line between light and darkness. This is why black and white play is an important part of the movie. They may be black or white, or they may be all colors. But this one is black and white and the other four are colored and have good reasons for that
