The numbers are larger than Wyatt Earp's life and Bat Masterson and the audience of George Armstrong, Custer and Sitting Bull appearing above James Stewart's first director, Anthony Stewart. Although Stewart's mission to avenge the murder of his father was the main subject, Winchester '73 is a band consisting of a thousand guns, intertwined with the hands of many colorful owners, including crafty merchants ( John McIntire) Great) and outlaw Dan Duryea, who is even more nasty The combination of the novel and the history of this film creates a refreshing rhythm and cleverly flashy tone in the same steps as creating a film with the strict elements of Mann, a form of psychological unrest and past. The past tells the story of good people and bad people pursuing high guns. But they appeared in a short article about the husband's cowardice and tried to fix it and was fixed in Stewart's dialogue Millard Mitchell Using Mann's environment is something that makes him different from other Western filmmakers. Instead of looking at the scenery from a distance, he has included them in the drama as a character that changes the complex path or makes the goal of the human character. Looks complicated As well as mountains, caves and rapids in The Naked Spur. Here, gunfight occurs among loose rocks and rocks on a small mountain, a physical barrier that defines the role of the winner and the victim between two skilled sharpshooter. Equally. (I would be careless about not knowing William H. Daniels filming, especially his excellent daytime photography for the night.) People with expertise outdoor Mann presents a clear image of Wyatt Earp, as well as basically an adaptation stage several planes. The gun shooting competition does not depend on rapid camera changes or twitching movements to create effects because Mann instinctively knows where to put the camera and how to move. To show the greatest data density He is not interested in spelling words in conversations based on the eyes of actors or images that have been carefully selected to convey the stake. In particular, one scene that describes his attitude: Mitchell talks about Stewart's inspiration for Shelley Winter, which was interrupted by a clash of peaks fast enough to reveal. See all The light, without feeling ridiculous without being overwhelmed by Winchester '73, looks more modern than the era and is happy to see.
