A new creative team was formed in 1950, when the great actor James Stewart joined the equally wonderful director Anthony Mann to create a western series that helped define that type for the future. Until that time, Stewart was mostly famous for aw .. aw .. how close to family, comedy, drama and love matters, not that he is not a talented Hollywood star. One of his best screen shows and one of the best things for everyone in Celluloid is Macaulay 'Mike' Connor, the author of the scandal of the scandal in "The Philadelphia Story". Shots of gun blush But the expert shot Thomas Jefferson, Jr. in the Western comedy movie "Destiny Rider Again" helps this movie to be a classic movie. But for most movie lovers, he is an American boy, Mr. Smith or George Bailey. There is not a dark side of any character that he plays. <br /> <br /> Anthony Mann is related to flicking B in film noir mode. "Raw Deal" "Side Street" and "T-Men" attract the eye. Of James Stewart, so both talented men combined their resources to create the greatest western Hollywood ever made. "Winchester '73" and "The Man from Laramie" are the best, but others It almost works. Mann became a successful director of the A movie, which led to what some critics believe is their greatest western. Gary Cooper "Man of the West" Stewart became a rich man. Which is rich from a partnership because he signed with a portion of the royalties in exchange for a fraction of the salary he normally paid, a wise move followed by an actor Since then, <br /> <br Winchester '73 is still one of the first films that may be the first story to tell the story from the point of view of the pistol. Each owner is part of the story that has been told and everything comes together in an exciting showdown at the end of the movie, which also surprises the audience. From the story of Stuart Lake, the story of the revenge and ownership of Winchester '73 in 1876, Custer and his 7th Cavalry were destroyed by the Soo and Syrian people. Anne, the Little Big Horn, a white man wants revenge Native Americans want their land and way of life back. This conflict led to a confrontation between Native Americans led by Young Bull (Young Rock Hudson demonstrating his potential as an actor) and a small cavalry group pinned in the valley and together with civilian Lin McAdam. (Stewart) Partners and pal High Spade life (actors at Millard Mitchell) and couples trying to find themselves. Steve Miller (Charles Drake) and Lola manners (Shelley Winter), a pigeon that is stained with a generous heart Among the cavalrymen was Tony Curtis and James Best (the end of "Dukes of Hazzard"), which was cut short by bullets. <br /> <br /> Wyatt Earp was in Dodge City in 1876. His film was the chief of the field Good actor Will Geer (later from Waltons) looks like an older Earp. In fact, Wyatt was an assistant to Marshal in Dodge at the time of just cutting his teeth as a lawyer. Lin McAdam won the Winchester contest in a gun shooting competition. But soon after, he was taken from Henry Dutch Brown (Stephen McNally) and his minions, McAdam and High Spade, both Dutch, Henry and Winchester for the rest of the movie. The more terrifying character appeared all the time. Waco Johnnie Dean plays the evil character by Dan Duryea, who threatens to steal performances from other members of the protagonist. <br /> <br /> Winchester through many hands During each movie filming, the transfer will be severe. One is related to the gunrunner. Play for perfection by John McIntire. Other exchanges are in line with the above situation. All of this includes actions that help viewers to focus on the entire seat. <br /> <br /> As mentioned above, the actors are ranked as the lowest in the smallest role. Look for other familiar faces in the unverified parts, including the future sheriff of "Bonanza" Raytheon and B Panhandle Perkins (Guy Wilkerson).
