In 1942, the movie TALES OF MANHATTAN tells a story that is not generally relevant. But tied to the evening wear of men Each story begins when "Koi" is passed from one owner. (For example, Charles Boyer) went to another story (Ceasar Romero) WINCHESTER '73, a great movie and a great western movie. At first it was about the way Jimmy Stewart sought Stephen (Horace) MacMahon for serious regret. But in this film, the two men joined the shooting competition (by Marshall Wyatt Earp - Will Geer), one of the new Winchester rifles. Stuart almost didn't win McMahon. But the gun was stolen from the steward and the chase continued. <br /> <br /> The gun passed from one hand to the other, including John McIntyre. (As a proud merchant who doesn't know when to stop) when Rock Hudson (In a surprising chapter - and a short summary of that story) with Charles Drake to Dan Duria (As a happy priest and psychologist Johnny Dean) arrives at McMahon. Finally, it returns to Stewart. <br /> <br /> The film is directed by Anthony Mann. Duryea received a truly long gun above Drake's body (Duryea forced it out) but he was defeated by McMahon faster than in the draw - not that Duryea was foolish enough to fight for a rifle. While he and Shelley Winter looked at McMahon in the distance, Winter (Which sucked Rea to kill Drake, her former male friend), causing the gunman's discontent to leave for a moment to ask why Duryea's philosophy explains that he can wait Some opportunities will occur later. (For example, when he can kill McMahon safely and bring the gun back) <br /> <br /> The characters are amazing humans. Winter first appeared as Drake's future bride, but she saw a very big negative side for him - the side that could not be forgiven. Drake is well aware of this mistake and it will lead to his destruction. Other characters have realistic touches such as JC Flippen as an army sergeant fighting against Indian attacks against Steward and Steward Millard Mitchell's friends. Oh yes. And with Flippen's military friends - Tony Curtis Flippen makes anyone believe this soldier was One of the hundreds of battlefields since 2009 In 1861, Steward showed emotions in other films. In a wonderful life, it shows the level of anger sometimes and still has a nervous breakdown when he thinks everything is wrong with his life. But here he shows the anger of demons - at the expense of Duryea. <br /> <br /> The parts of this movie are organized in a way that is under Mann's capable hands. This is one of the west that never decayed while the audience watched the journey of the Winchester rifle.
