An adult western fanatic who flourished in the 1950s trying to trace the origins of this film. Of course we can go back to Howard Hawks' Red River (1948) or continue to My Darling Clementine (1946) of John Ford, but if we want to stick to this decade, it must be one of two movies. Made in the first year of that era, one was "The Gunfighter", a terrifying story of the famous marketer (Ringo) who faced his last shot. Again from that same year, "Winchester '73" and it is noteworthy that Millard Mitchell appeared as a formidable tentacle and a realistic long-distance cyclist in The Gunfighter. He was a town sheriff. Expected to arrest Ringo But once he was riding with a criminal gang In Winchester, he is a close friend to Jimmy Stewart, who is Horatio to Stewart's hamlet in this epic / tragic story. The plot is simple enough: Stewart's isolated cowpoke won an amazing Winchester in the West's most humiliating shot match (Stephen McNally), his own brother, and causing their father to die. When his brother stole a gun, Stewart and Mitchell followed him in a cowboy odyssey that led them across the border to meet outlaws and Indians. (In one bit wonderful, two future stars - Rock Hudson and Tony Curtis - played as Indian Chief and US Cavalry soldier - during a fight with a good scene, Dan Duryea stole the show. All as illegitimate leaders Before she began to weigh as a shady woman who linked all the plans together today, the filmmakers would continue for about four hours to bring ambitious ideas to the screen. But Anthony Mann did so Time without wasting time on Western legends such as Bat Masterson and Wyatt Earp (played by Will Geer) makes a brief appearance, adding to the natural history and epic, the final battle between good and bad brothers. On the top of the rocky valley that now emerges as a legend among Western enthusiasts, it is also noted that Stewart, who is very involved with him, becomes a western film, doing what is true, a western character. His first one here - yes, he was in De stry Rides eleven years earlier. But was starring as a comedian who posed because he was wrong for the West!
