Traditional Westerners are synonymous with open space, morality, clarity, an inevitable story, a positive belief in the hero's ability to determine his own destiny to escape his past. These qualities reflect the feelings of the American people directly, dreams of self-creation, pushing boundaries and borders, which is why the genre is still being referenced by opportunistic politicians. With some noble exceptions (such as the Wellman, Hawks), Westerners are not nervous or are truly worried. Anthony Mann changed everything forever and the first attack in this genre is one of the movies that are violent, lively and Complex and not saying that the most exciting westerners ever created. <br /> <br /> The traditional West depends on the hero as an example. Fierce purity, whether he is condemned in the past, supporters of the command and rights of parents, movies, get rid of the obstacles of it, return harmony. And the obvious villain, who often pushes the plot of a terrible force, forcing the hero to do something The difference between the two is often described as being as simple as wearing a white or black hat. <br /> <br /> Mann's background is in the film noir, which is the opposite of the open space and Optimism Noir is charged with neuroscience by focusing on the dissolution of an unstable protagonist whose morals are blurred. Heroes are often villains trapped in a labyrinth within themselves, which are victims. Noir about the regressions, the progress of the investigation and the denial of the modes and signs of representation, not the creation and confirmation of them. Winchester 73 is full of anxiety. Noir is often seen as a psychological type by seeing the bruising of the head. Its protagonist, 73, also does this and the worrisome thing is the protagonist, Jimmy Stewart, who gave birth to a cute beginning. Here, with his difficult films with Mann and Hitchcock in many ways, good-natured and sweet, being the right agent and trying to restore the disruption to nature, he is still crazy. Will stop at nothing to achieve its mission to avenge the killing, which relentlessly pursues reflect Ethan Edwards. The perseverance of mankind with the human instincts from this mission and the explosion of violence is a truly terrible thing to witness. <br /> <br /> Like Noir, his anxiety is fundamental. Psychologically outgrown (killed as a symbol) their father, McAdam's father, was killed before he could complete the process. The pursuit of his brother is a moral revenge less than a painful protest compared to stunted growth. The climax shooting is not ventilation: Mac Adam returned to society 'normal' as if he had just seen the most terrifying horror in the world. <br /> <br /> The most unpredictable thing. About the movie is that it's not true. About heroes or villains But it was an inanimate piece that propelled the action. 73 opened with a gun of the privilege name on the display behind the glass window while its fans were stuck flat. Throughout the movie, the power of the human race diminishes to the supreme authority of the change-name. The name change, Lin and Dutch mime shoot together because they don't have a gun. Quests lose moral power and their miners turn madness. The army must seek help from strangers in the fight to fight. A man deserves respect only when he speaks his name. Another man was revealed to be a coward when he abandoned his fiancée to the Indian people. The gun maintains all its dignity. <br /> <br /> It's not a revenge-driven plan. But as this story of gun wrenches, this film comes out of traditional expectations and creates strange, strange and modern feelings. We caught up with the revenge plan that when we followed with another gun, the plot we felt a little confused. <br /> <br /> The emphasis on this gun is a symbol of strong masculinity. Criticizing the masculinity reveals a thoroughly pointless ritual at the expense of society and peace. Greed, fierce capitalism An Indian killer, a merchant who is deceiving both a seller and a cowardly enemy; Psycho Killer; Before returning to the 'real' owner, the broken hero will be thoroughly compromised, which becomes a murderer like the murderer he seeks. The gun was never engraved with the owner's name, not just because there was no exact owner. But since there is no fixed man, an insight into the curse of the traditional West. <br /> <br /> 73 causes the Western legend - Wyatt Earp Dodge, a cavalry cavalry in the Western Civil War that is open. - just to destroy them. Earp has an inflated reputation, which is the whole name. But never proved that Dodge City was no more safe for criminals than anywhere else. The Cavalry is inept (Custer lost the Little Big Horn) and the fierce feud of the war showed that it was irrelevant. The legend of the West opens as a site for a closed circular plot that cannot be avoided, which captures its characters, refusing to allow them to determine their fate. But allowing them to shape them. <br /> <br /> Old John Ford. The silhouette of the riders on the vast mountains is sent back. But the signal here is not progressing But it happens repeatedly and in a circle, but for the whole structure of the film is bright in the way that the Western people succeed. Mann's brilliant technique invaded his camera in an important position, alternating with the distance revealed by rigorous inspections, making the hallway and door gates. Stagecoaches look exciting and live life.
