"Addictive" is an adjective I have heard many times when talking about some TV programs. Recently, the drama Lost, Heroes and Prison Break have been described. However, as interesting as they may be (And they really are) I can wait a couple of days before I can see the next episode of both the series, even Prison Break, which some people have lazily classified as With high respect, there may be no such thing and for good reason: there are no other thrillers, depending on the real-time structure. That is what makes it different from the other 24 programs, and that's why I have to watch the entire season (on DVD) in seven days or less: when the clock frickin starts ticking, it is impossible. <br /> <br> when the events of one day are trademarks of NYPD Blue (and most recently, Deadwood); There is a whole season of the latest series, 24 hours, once per EP. (Actual work time is 41 minutes; The remaining 19 items were occupied by advertisements when television broadcasts were the most groundbreaking concept on mainstream television since Hill Road. Blues recommend non-linear storytelling. (Elements that are currently in use) and it actually pays out. <br /> <br /> Surprisingly, the original plan of the series is to make it spin around the wedding. (Fortunately, the creator Joel Surnow and Robert Cochran realized that the style was more suitable for the accomplice), which may be the reason that the first glimpse we received from the hero shows a cheerful atmosphere: Jack Bauer ( Kiefer Sutherland) looks very relaxed, enjoying a game of chess with his daughter Kimberly (Elisha Cuthbert) and a few minutes later Gentle with Teri (Leslie Hope), the wife he had just reconciled, though in the Sopranos, although there was something unexpected and shocking behind: not only Kim laughed out of her room, Jack C also received a phone call prompting him to work immediately. At midnight? I am very scared: Bauer is a CTU (anti-terrorist unit) agent and his boss has a reliable intellect about the possibilities of life of David Palmer (Dennis Haysbert), African American presidential candidate. Angeles all day (Oh, yes, I almost forgot that the events occurred on the first day of the California presidential election). There was no time to sleep: Jack had to spend 24 hours to resolve the case. Unfortunately, he tends to ignore the protocol, and that is not suitable for George Mason (Xander Berkeley), a thin man, who was asked to interfere with the operation. <br /> <br /> The story is dense. Very high, making the show difficult to recommend for people with short interests, but everyone who is willing to watch will receive an instant reward: writing is sharp and precise, paying attention to details that are not Match and suspense Mostly high, thanks to real-time trickery which greatly improves adrenaline levels. <br /> <br /> Another great quality of this pilot is the description: most types of performances (sci-fi and Thriller) often introduces the main players and then assign them later. (For example, the textbook is CSI, which has very little character development. But then again that matches the unique style of the program) while the launch of Series 24 presents people around (Sutherland's best role - ever!) And Palmer (the true revelation of the show) stand out for being perfectly explained after one episode. (Former divide between work and family negligence But with humankind after being honorable and endowed with honesty) a pair of parts that support the border on a fixed rule (especially Mason and Tony Almeida) but two factors that should be considered: a) This is the first time; b) There are a lot of happenings that most viewers will not complain about "defects" or two. In the end, there are a number of network projects that start with a missing teenager conspiracy and a big explosion and Still having equally satisfying content during the rest of the season. <br /> <br /> Tick tick tick ...
