From those comments here before me, I mostly agree with Edyarb. Obviously, the story and the script are possible to be funny. But even if managing at some point in other places, it just fails. You can see them wanting to create a joke. But no one among the audience laughed (Agree with Edyarb's perspective on the end credits: Let it be normal or make it cool. But not what they do now) <br /> <br /> OK, that gives more negative feelings than what I have watched. I enjoy it; It was a satisfying entertainment for one night and certainly didn't feel like a waste of money to buy tickets. The best jokes are stories that are beyond expectations and quite mature, such as the character of Luke Wilson. Matt asks Super Chick "P * nis or bed?" When she tells him that she "gets him. New "After the night of the forest on the bed, ended up destroying the bed and allowing Matt to hurt R '- Nothing in the world To prove that Some actions about sex, yes But nothing is clear, only humor and no nudity (Maybe he's on the screen that shows more ...?) I want to compare this story with the last two movies I watch without expecting anything: Superman Returns and Click. I didn't expect anything from the story. Any one - I am a big fan of original Superman movies and click-only examples, showing that it is a popular movie. (Which I will not oppose) Superman really surprised me to make me feel good (creepy!) About seeing his first brave action, like seeing a long lost friend and feeling happy. with it But for the rest of the story, I should watch my Super X fans at least surprisingly. Clicking again is a total surprise, better and deeper than the sample, and about five minutes from being a great movie. The jokes also work better than in the past, both naughty and progressive fans. <br /> <br /> However, the only reason I compare these three stories is that they are the last three of me. I have seen in a short time and because I go to these things in general, there is no expectation at all. I will rank them, click, girlfriend, superman
