On paper, it seems like a great idea: the average guy on the rebound day, the curator of the bookworm museum, which is a really hot superhero that saves the world regularly. However, director Ivan Wright and writer Don Payne (from "The Simpsons") were almost wrong in having their hero, G-Girl. The film also featured in the dialogue between Jenny. With Matt Sanders (Luke Wilson) after the help of G-Girl from the Statue of Liberty Jenny asked Matt as to how G-Girl was. Matt replied, "Are you crazy?" I think that Jenny (Thurman) intended to be this lonely girl who no one else in. Her life was isolated from her great physical power. Thurman does the best thing possible. But Jenny, she is a mood swarm in Prozac's great need. Luke Wilson is too cheerful to turn back the role of a boyfriend and girl friend. <br /> <br /> "My Super Ex -Girlfriend "is also a victim of bad times as well. Which plays superhero exactly, so have to say I still think "My Super Ex-Girlfriend" is funny and fun with movies Stated that this is Ivan Reitman's movie. This story is probably much better. Reitman started with great evidence and really smelt it. First of all, we all love heroes. Here, whether Jenny or G-Girl will be really cute. This is surprising for Uma Thurman, which is usually charming and powerful. In the beginning, her Jenny / G-Girl looks strange, shocking, because if there is a woman who can play a superhero, she is her Thurman. She looks very good. Jenny became more sympathetic than the ending, instead of being a parody, although "My Super Ex" was not a story of a superhero. But is a romantic comedy movie But it does not give what every superhero legend wants Here we have Professor Bedlam aka Barry (Eddie Izzard) who is really evil. He is not Lex Luthor. There is no plan for global domination. Bedlam is quite Barry to be angry with G-Girl and expects it to be related to their past. What is strange that you don't know if you want to spend time with anyone? Bedlam or G-Girl? Matt Luke Wilson is the only "friend" that happens to Super Psycho. One of the annoying things he did was to trust his friend who was defeated by Vaughan. (Rain Wilson Wilson disguises himself as a bad guy) Sometimes Wilson plays it a bit dense and this makes his favorite charm diminish. However, this method works in the cartoon sex scene with Jenny. Matt while dating Jenny / G-Girl realized that he fell in love with his colleague Hannah. (Anna Farris rejuvenated) So how does Matt break up with G-Girl? It's not pretty and mostly hilarious. <br /> <br /> A superhero drama movie is usable. Romantic comedies with chemical work What may be inherently difficult is the superhero satires that disguise themselves as romantic comedians. Everyone loves superheroes However, Nut Hero work? Maybe not. With Umar's talent, she can't do this successfully. And she didn't get enough support from Reitman and Payne. Thurman and Wilson had enough charm and status to survive the failure of telling "My Super Ex-Girlfriend", fun and funny even though For everyone to participate But this movie is probably great
