Everything starts with suicide. Or it's a car crash I guess that all depends on whether you choose to start at the beginning or the end. Director Gabriele Muccino gives you the ability to enter his new movie Seven Pounds as you want as he begins in At the end and back to the beginning, showing us the events that lead us to sadness. This is a powerful movie. It may be because I am weak when talking about the drama of this family, which is full of hard times and full of destructive performances. In any way, the movie that works best when it truly touches me when it's in the back of My head, hours after leaving the theater And this is from the team that brought us over the limit and not in exchange for the pursuit of happiness, so I would say that my expectations were protected closely However, all of that, I was with Seven Pounds from the first frame until the credits were accumulated. Even if you figure out what Will Smith's character is doing, but the secret mission he is trying to accomplish But it is the way he fulfills his penance, shining brightly and leaving a smile full of tears for you.> <br /> Our starting point is quite shaking, making us unable to understand what Happened to Thomas Smith, whose name was one of the people we didn't know and was one of the people who appeared to be trying to track and investigate. Working with the IRS helped him reach strangers. Hunt now to see if they have value for life or not, to see if they have gifts or not, they have the power to give gifts to them which can completely change their situation He called his childhood friend Barry Pepper and warned him to do what he promised not to guess his decision because he didn't change his mind. Even in the role that is as small as Pepper, you can't help but feel the sadness behind. But hung over everyone's head It is his character, which may be seen three times, which covers the level of the first feeling that is handled. His collapse, whether it is a tear and a dress or a hand seizure, shows the bonding of these two men that is a test of the time and any situation that will arise. <Br /> <br /> After the phone Getting started to meet new people, Thomas is on some missions that will help alleviate the financial problems of seriously ill villagers and try to stay on despite the heavy burden of medical expenses and survival. This progress takes many times from "The blind, butcher, the butcher" which he berates to see if he can make him explode or not; Up to the second stage, patients with heart disease that need to be donated - unable to type her stagnant or even running with her Great Dane Duke; To two Latin mothers who were abused and scared, two afraid to leave her boyfriend; For the dying hockey coach who instilled confidence in the exploited youth community For the little boy who needs bone marrow transplantation There are people who live in pain and an inevitable future with hope and want to cherish each day, and there are people who try to overcome it by cutting corners and spending all of their money on expenses. Of those who want to go out in style, why is it up to Thomas to get rid of weeds in combination and find those who deserve his "gift" at first, just as Why this man saw the incident as a flight engineer with a beautiful wife and a large beachfront home. In the hotel, drive a hit-and-go car to the door to check the Revenue Department. Even though he said "He felt guilty of work." <br /> <br /> Smith's mission as Thomas was a long and painful job. As a human being who has a way to help him work hard, seriously cut back on people who do not deserve and test the people he believes are worthy to receive a degree at n. They have fun. They have to do it. In every step, you will see the suffering in his eyes, the pain he eats into his soul, leading each one to his fate as a redemption saint. But for the person he needs help But for himself as well. It was an award-winning performance and I hope Smith will do more dramas instead of tents in the summer because while they enjoy this guy is too good for them. The person who wins the Oscar is better than before he can do it, or at least in my heart. <br /> <br /> The remaining actor is the protagonist of the Woody Harrelson board as a blind seller. Perfect handicap with the joy of life His shy smile and faith in mankind, whether it's a phone call, shouting, sitting in a restaurant that eats pies or at a piano in the park, plays with everyone to listen to Elpidia Carrillo as a mother. Abused is a wonderful thing, showing the difficult evolution of arrogance to the overwhelming fear of the kindness of strangers, causing her family. Safe in the And Rosario Dawson as a young woman "One hot moment" was beaten and destroyed by being in a long hospital. But all gave up using life to find love and happiness Is the introduction of Thomas Smith, who opened her eyes again to be a woman, a lively sexual life that can live without fear of being on her last day.
