Seven Pounds This is a movie that I believe Will Smith is true for the film. "I will make you cry" One thing that I can give him a lot of credit is that the man can cry. My only thing is that while moving according to the story, Smith will prove time and time again that he can act. So why did he bring this depressing story? However, it is still a good movie. I have to admit that it makes me cry. But I feel that the outstanding performance is Rosario Dawson. I love this girl a lot since I saw her in 25 hours with Ed Norton. I know that this woman is going far. She is beautiful, charming, funny and talented, can't wait to see how far her career will go, but she and Will Smith aren't sure if they have the excellent chemistry that the movie wants or not, which makes the movie. This story became a great movie. <br /> <br /> Two years ago, Tim Thomas was in a car crash. Caused by the use of mobile phones Seven people died: six strangers and his fiance A year after the crash and resigned as a flight engineer, Tim donated his brain to Ben, his brother, who was an employee of the Revenue Department. Six months later, he donated part of the liver to a child service worker named Holly. After that, he began searching for more candidates to receive donations. He met George Coaches Hockey Jr. and donated his kidneys and donated the marrow to a boy named Nicholas. Two weeks before he died, he contacted Holly and asked if she knew anyone who deserved help. She suggested Connie Tepos, who lived with an inappropriate girlfriend. Tim moved out of his house and entered the hotel in the area that brought the jellyfish to the pet box. One night after being attacked, Connie contacted Tim and he handed the key and let her do it at the beach house. She took her two children and moved to their new home. After stealing his brother's identity and making himself known as Ben, his brother, he checked the applicants for the last two donations. The first is Ezra Turner, a blind vegetarian seller who plays the piano. Tim called Ezra Turner and harassed him at work to check if he was angry or not. Ezra calmly and Tim decides that he has value. He then contacted Emily Posa, a self-made greeting card printer with a rare heart condition and blood type. He spends time with her, weeding in her garden and fixing her rare Heidelberg printer. He began to fall in love with her and decided that when her physical condition worsened, he had to make a donation. <br /> <br /> Seven pounds is a good movie and no doubt I have to watch. Rent compared to the Will Smith movie theater pulling out good performances But not his best, most of the film wants him to cry in every scene But the last movie he had is doozy, but I like the ending. It's beautiful and makes you appreciate life and refuses to follow. There are still good people in this world and Ben's character reminds you of life's worth and gives to those who need despair. Even though he went far But still a beautiful story. <br /> <br /> 7/10
