I would like to introduce this film for the music fans who are dying to watch the stage, making the transition from one screen to another faithfully. Of course it's long. But that length is a testament to the truth of the original screenplay. The scenes and actors make Sweet Apple, Ohio become the location of the Fosse protege. Anne Reinking also has a great job with choreography that makes a small, beautiful, and modern city. <br /> <br /> A quick casting may seem strange for some people. Jason Alexander's comments make me feel bad.) In fact, his perforamnce stole the show truly. While in Albert, he blends a mix of his own mania with the charm of Dick Van Dyke-esque to create a new, improved Albert. The fact that he was able to dance and sing like nobody did business was hurt either. George Wendt is another outstanding person who developed from Paul Lynde's use with Harry McAffe by making him crazy and less crazy. To the earth and more rigorous His personality and body language screamed. "Above my body," Marc Kudisch uses Elvis Conrad Birdy's view to create new heights by inserting "Thank you very much" in detail. "Sincere sincerity" returned to Elvis as an Elvis boy, then Konrad's original movie. The truth is that this movie is very different from the original movie. (Which added to the happy face, speed turtle and Russian ballet !!!) Any thing that taht involve Bye, Bye Birdie, I wonder? The only possible advantage of the original model that is above this model is Ann Margret. Otherwise the improvement will be better in every way. In the event that the old version cuts many songs and adds dance in any place, it is not necessary for them. (And for every purpose and purpose of making the movie end in the middle of playing) the new version has returned the original music score and added greatness New things as well ("A Giant Step" is outstanding in that category) We know that living in a difficult time But if you want to get rid of your worries and make your face happy, this is something that should be worth checking out.
