This film is one of the best shorts I've ever seen - and when I make it a point that every major film festival I've seen, especially in an industry that is considered "the best", I'm not a fan of Monahan In general, his performances tend to be unreasonable and not interesting to me. His only proper performance is in Lost, so I try to avoid his movies. However, I saw this at the film festival a few years ago and felt completely scared. This director really knew what she was doing. Of course you will receive trolls. (Or just a fool) who doesn't understand what is a good movie and uses a small budget because they don't know what happened But fortunately, from what I saw them in the minority when it came to this gem. <br /> <br /> We don't deny that this film works without budget and is an actor who supports two people. Can still use it because it's true Very low production value But what do you expect from the first real movie from someone who is still in high school? Pretending to be a time when the budget is not important If you spend time with sound quality performances (Which is actually not the fault of the filmmaker, I saw this at the festival, and the sound is ok ... I guarantee that anyone who makes the DVD itself is broken) and the truth is taken in the mini-DV What will you leave? The story, the composition, the image and the spirit of the film that is flawless, perfect That's very clear She is able to write more solid and attractive scripts than most people in Hollywood, creating a shock list that compliments the story completely and making it lively with interesting and creative ways. Which is a higher budget Let the performers with more experience after the production sound better and 35 mm instead of the mini-DV and even the trolls can't complain. This girl is incredible and remember that Insomnia has done a few years ago. She has worked amazingly since then. The trailer for Dreams of an Angel shows that and I can wait to see. Her higher budget, 9/10 stars. This is one hell of a movie from Hell, one of the filmmakers.
