Brand Hauser (John Cusack) is the killer of the CIA. He was ordered to go to the country of Turaquistan, a country in which the United States has "freed" and killed a businessman named Omar Shari. This is because the American company Tamerlane makes the country. "Back together" will not stand for Shariff, an oil man from a neighboring state, putting his own pipe through a war torn by Turquistan. But when there, the brand faced problems. One of them met a journalist named Natalie. (Marisa Tomei) who wants to tell the true story of the conflict of the region ... and Tamerlane, but the brand is surprising to realize that Natata's beautiful face and sharp mind Lee immediately and distracted him from performing the mission without knowing it. In addition, his cover as the host of a trade show forced him to meet the country's pop-singing princess Yonica (Hillary Duff), who will be married at the convention center. She is a young singer with a wedding, distracting the brand from the upcoming assassination. When there are subordinates and other improper complications, Brand will be able to complete his mission for the satisfaction of the great chief of Tamerlane, former Vice President (Dan Ackroyd) or not. Good for John Cusack to create this film, even if it's not. Get together The image in Serbia is an image that should be worth considering how modern Iraq must be. Which country is upside down? The green zone here is called "The city of emeralds" and appropriately for the area that looks like Oz to try to destroy the war that occurred elsewhere in the city. The actor is very good. Cusack works well and Tomei, Joan Cusack, Ben Kingsley, Ackroyd and others support him in style. In particular, Duff turned out to be a singer that has been emphasized and made hard. The recreation of a war filled with Baghdad is a real pain, while clothing and other production values ​​are the most important. For scripts it is not always linked. But it has many interesting conversations and scenes For example, a young Turaqui boy proposed to hide the enemy brand in exchange for money and candy. Cash production brand But since he doesn't have a snack, the boy burns his car anyway. Excellent! Then all directions are not successful. But not often delayed No, if you are conservative, you may not like this movie a bit. But if you have an open mind and want to see the satirical view of "War Against Terrorism" This is a very good performance. Therefore, do not try to watch because you will support the filmmakers who choose to create a movie that is far from the "recipe" of the old studio.
