On the weekend of July 4, I was delighted to see the spirit of the Declaration of Independence alive and well in the movie "War, Inc.", just as our founding fathers gave to King George III. Come together again, this film shows the comedy of the hilarious war from the profit of the capitalist creeps that are intended to transform the government. <br /> <br /> Actors in this phrase Of course, John Cusack is great as a formidable killer and the beautiful Marisa Tomei is great because he loves attention. (Gosh, "George Costanza" is right. Marisa Tomei is very interesting!) But it As Joan Cusack, John's sister who really stole this movie Depiction of her bossy But at the same time, a personal assistant that is both powerful and precious, and more than once I can't stop laughing with the brilliance of her performance, she not only has a wonderful cartoon rhythm, her face can be expressed as anyone Desire in the actors Dan Aykroyd is short but very effective in this film as the head of the company that is at war with Tamerlane Corporation. Ackroyd sits on the "throne" with his pants around the ankle, even though it looks like an ass clown. Which currently possesses one of our true throne powers You don't have to think so hard to remember that person. This movie is mostly filmed in Bulgaria, which is why we can see real military equipment. (You just know that the US military will not collaborate in making a satirical revelation of war-obsession.) I especially enjoy the character "Omar Sharif", played by Bulgarian actor Lyubomir Neikov. In one scene where he was on the dance floor with Marisa Tomei, he had two lines that could summarize all our foreign policy attitudes towards the foreign leaders we installed - and with the uninstallation - powerfully. /> <br /> Naturally, this movie will not attract anyone. If you believe that our ongoing foreign policy privatization, military intelligence gathering and analysis, prisons and public health and other government services are good things you may not like. This movie. However, if you believe that destroying people and countries to increase the profits of the company is a nasty thing, I think you will appreciate much in this movie. There is nothing more able to maintain the spirit of freedom than if he had been mocked by the corrupt power.
