The story of this movie may not be unusual. But what makes this movie really special is its character. (And the actors who play them for sure!) I won't go into the details of the movie's story. But of course I would say this ?? This film is not for everyone! This movie is really witty and you have to be equally smart to get all the words. If you do not receive a notification even for the second time, you may find that one point is missing. The movie is full of things that seem a little. But with a flair, such as the announcement that occurred at Turaqistan, advertising on a tanker (Which I almost missed) and these things make the movie hilarious all over. <br /> <br >> John Cusack arrives. The actor has many roles in his side very effectively. (What he is a co-writer and producer as well) and he plays his role as a "heart-killer Hauser". <br /> <br /> However, the actress who stole all the performances is Hilary Duff! I have always been a big fan of Ms. Duff, but to be honest, I was a bit disappointed when I heard about the role she played in the movie. But after watching the movie, the disappointment brought her great respect as an actor. Let's face each other! Children are growing, but yes, her talent is also! All those critics who shouted Hilary's husky voice could not be shown to be quiet for a while. Hilary must play a really complex character ?? The outside is strong but has a sweet child inside? And she did the right thing She makes you laugh and she makes you cry? To shorten the short story (Because I'm going to rave you forever) Marisa Tomei and Joan Cusack also perform well. Especially Joan's hysterics is miserable! However, I am quite disappointed with Ben Kingsley's minor role and his acting is not bright. <br /> <br /> In general, War, Inc. helps you stay with your feet with intelligent humor and Ended with Just the right amount of twisting in the plot I would like to recommend this movie to everyone (and others for Hilary Duff fans) !!! PS - I'm really glad to hear that the movie is going to be released free from the limited release and will be sold in other places soon !!!
