Joshua Seftel's first film - a tedious remembrance - is about the title: the company affects the war. <br /> <br /> This film is about a mercenary (John Cusack) traveling to Turaqistan. (Not the real country, FYI) to help the American government 'Send a message across' to the leader of Turaqistan. He met a reporter. (Marisa Tomei) and we all know what will happen to the lonely and hot journalists. Somewhere in the mix of pop stars, Yonica Babyyeah was thrown in, while Yonica was married to one of the most important people of Turaquistan (the son of the president). This is quite good The movie begins with a lonely Cusack in the bar; Not more than fifteen seconds later, this movie begs you. With a deep and interesting understanding of terrorism and politics when screening your movie This movie has more action scenes than I expected. Occasional fighting scenes, well-designed fights, and periodic murder scenes Although the story is not deep But its simplicity makes the movie perfect for both the general public and film critics. <br /> <br /> In the final scene of this film, its simplicity changed. Is an enemy and very crazy I think it works very well, but others may not agree and I understand why. The twist after twisting is something that is important about the ending, and like most movies, it's a real hit / miss situation. Regardless of the three writers in this film (Mark Leyner, Jeremy Pikser and John Cusack) have done a great job in creating realistic and fun words in the current situation abroad. Joshua Seftel did an excellent job in Film warranty Honesty Do not reduce the content to a minimum of movies. (Which I am afraid that will happen) Seftel creates this movie as perfectly as possible: he creates a bright atmosphere that examines cruel truths - perfectly contrasting - makes the movie feel as if you are watching. All in all, Seftel helps you to participate in every action and will get complete results. There is no wrong count here. Hopefully he will get more directing work because he is the director who needs to be careful.
