Dina Durbin, then 14 years old and under contract with MGM, made a short film in 1936, paired with Judy Garland, less than one year old in the first film of both. couple Louis B. Mayer decided that he didn't want two young singers to bet on Garland and let Durbin fly to Universal. Immediately signed, Durbin quickly brought her to the Three Smart Girls and wrote The screenplay is repeated again to accelerate her part. She was charged last time. But by typing at the equivalent of neon light around her name Universal believes that Durbin will be beaten and they say that the Three Smart Girls are less musicians and are comedians who have played a lot and Durbin is 15 years old when the film was released. She is Craig Craig and she and her sister Joann and Kay are determined to help their father who divorces their mother from the hands of an elegant gold digger with a fierce mother. They talked about traveling from Switzerland, living to New York City, where their father lived. They plan to not only But will quit their father's wedding But to reunite with their father and their mother who, after ten years, still loves the guy Is there any doubt that Durbin will sing one or two songs in her warm and gentle soprano? Nope, is there any doubt that the girls will succeed ... with Kay and Joann find love and content about marriage on the way? Not many years later, Durbin claimed that she could not play Miss Fixit forever. She was right, but in the first three Smart Girls, her first movie, she had Miss Fixit. Dab Durbin was funny. Is committed, energetic, enthusiastic and natural Her personality is genuine, making this movie a whole lot of jokes, confusion, good intentions, and greed. Seriously-loving. <br /> <br /> Durbin brings movies easily. It was fun to see her catch her with Binnie Barnes, Donna Lyon, a woman with her hook in Penny's rich father, played by Charles Winninger, who had never been involved in stealing scenes as well. Alice Brady, who plays the old woman in My Man Godfrey, plays the mother of Donna Lyons, a gold digger more than her daughter. The last person who succeeded is Ray Milland as Lord Michael Stuart, who is involved in the design and confuses Mischa Auer. <br /> <br /> Three wise women are Light weight and comedy of manners and mixes Dana Durbin as a new star who has been very successful, helping Universal Bacon
