I was amazed that the comments from the posters indicated that Jane Powell created the same type of movie that Deanna Durbin did, even though they were young soprano singers, which Joe Portor was the creator of the movie. If this film is an indication of them almost as an opposite pole, <br /> <br /> While the three girls, Smart Derrin, play impulsively, Fixit "which after some defeat can be combined The Her parents divorced in. 'Semi-remake three times a day. Jane Jane Powell almost destroyed the marriage between the screen. Her mother, Jeanette MacDonald and her new stepfather, Jose Iturbi, and a strong arm, her sister also rejected him from the movie Durbin. And Powell, which I have seen, I would say that these different qualities infiltrate the early movies of both talented young actors. <br /> <br /> For Durbin's performance in my three smart girls found The most complete and impressive win Although it is clear from reading some of her chapters and shows clearly in some of the more powerful scenes that this is Dean's first movie. See self-confidence, know and come out fairly. Fluent nation And her gentle and gentle gestures screened more serious scenes. You never guess that this is the first screenplay of a 14-year-old girl with previous work experience, consisting of teaching for nearly two years. br /> <br /> When this film and myself, Durbin was published a lot while "The Last Chance of Universal" Production must be an impossible situation for younger people, but you never know how easy and confident Durbin will be on the screen. Although she continues to develop her own acting style and behavior in front of the camera (This is true for the early performances of more experienced contemporaries, such as Garland, Rooney, O'Connor and Jane Powell), Durbin is certainly her identity and even here. In her first film, she is still very fond, despite having her character swiftly swooning, and even though she is longing for, sometimes she never makes a quality project. That caused many star children to experience problems, including Jane Powell and other young soprano singers who followed her success. <br /> <br /> In brief, like a great singing star Norbin is more than a "beautiful voice", while Durbin's pure soprano poetry is an amazing and amazing tool. The most amazing thing for me is the way she can show the music of Thor without any minor impact or "Grand" oppressing the singing of adult opera singers like Lily Pons, Grace Moore and Jeanette MacDonald in the movies of the day. <br /> <br /> Blessed and greatly influenced by the comedy about the ball screw, Durbin came up with Creme-de-la-creme of the top professional footballers such as Charles Winninger, Binnie Barnes, Alice Brady, Ray Milland and Mischa Auer. The story is light and entertaining. Actually, it's almost "unrealistic" but why everyone expects it to be If you want to: "Be realistic" rent GRAPES OF WRATH or TRIUMPH of WILL. On the other hand, if you are looking for a cute, funny, and fun family comedy with "leaders" and great talent. Attracting teenagers, talented players, this movie will not let you down.
