"Twelve Monkeys" strange and annoying But it's wise and intelligent at the same time It cleverly jumps between the future and the past, and the story is about a man named James Cole, a prisoner sent back to the past to gather information about a man-made virus that swept the 5 billion human population. People on this planet in 1996, at first, Cole was sent back to 1990 by accident and unfortunately he was taken to a mental institution where he had M explained his purpose and where he met a psychiatrist, Dr. Kathryn Railly, a patient and a patient named Jeffrey Gones, the crazy son of a famous scientist This film is a clear masterpiece in the history of science fiction movies. <br /> <br /> The story is great. It is original and very entertaining. The screenplay written by David and Janet Peoples was inspired by the movie "La Jetée" (1962) that I had never seen before. But I have to thank the director and writer of the Chris Marker, which inspired the writers of "Twelve Monkeys". I read a little about "La Jetée". It's not the same thing. But there is the same idea, so this is not just a copy. David and Janet Peoples have changed their inspiration to be a modern story that tells about the urgent need for people to find a way out in human life and it is done in Beautiful and realistic style From beginning to end The music used in this movie is strange and funny and funny. It's not compatible until you get it and when you know it's interesting and composed by Paul Buckmaster <br /> <br /> Terry Gil I remember from Monty Python as a director. This movie was really a surprise to me because I never thought he was a personal director. I know that he had directed a movie before. But I can't believe that he can do this wonderful thing. But should not be surprised because he works amazingly You can still feel the same strange things as in Python, but for me, the governance is quite flawless, even in the strange way of explaining things, it makes some strange scenes disturbing. Yes, it's weird, strange, strange and disturbing, so it makes the movie look too heavy too, so the weak audience may find it difficult to watch the movie all the way. It's not as heavy as you can imagine. But it has something that is in its own purpose, which sometimes looks quite severe Even though this film has an innocent intellect within and through past events, dreams, skipping between the past and the future, it blends the whole story in a very intelligent way and does not make any clutter in any part. Concentrate from the audience. In the end, <br /> <br /> What happened to the movie was not unusual. The role of James Cole, played by the great Bruce Willis, who may perform the best role to date Now people may not agree with me as he works well, such as "The Sixth Sense" as well. But for me, James Cole's role is great for Willis and he has done incredibly well. The character is very well written. But still works better Cole begins to question his own existence and he manages to begin to question his true time, trying to survive and find missing puzzle pieces. With difficulty, he began to unleash his faith, questioning whether he could trust or believe himself. Other performances that should be mentioned were Madeleine Stow's performances and Brad Pitt Stow. James Cole, who saw something familiar in Cole and decided to help him cope with his madness. She began to believe Cole's story. But as a believer in science, she tries to find a solution and tries to deal with the reason when it comes to unbelievable things. Brad Pitt excelled in the role of Geoffrey Gones, and he performed one of the best in the present. Crazy personality But the hilarity of the characters makes Pitt have been nominated for an Academy Award, so I think I didn't watch a great performance sincerely for anything. <br /> <br /> All in all. "Twelve Monkeys" is an excellent science fiction experience, and it will be a guide for everyone, especially for sci-fi fans. It includes great characters and excellent role plays. Each one of Willis and Pitt and original and entertaining story, the plot is clever and intelligent. But talking about strange and disturbing things certainly attracts the attention of the audience by making it interesting and witty. It is also a thriller thriller and it is also romantic, it's all in the same package and that makes it one of the best sci-fi movies I've ever seen. With a strange vision But Terry Gilliam's greatness makes it able to maintain balance even with quite a bit of driving. Really hard to explain But that's the way it is.
