The story of this movie is truly outstanding. The virus has decreased and only 1% of the human race survived. The only thing we know right now is that the animal ruled the land above and there were posters everywhere that said "The Twelve Monkeys" correctly. The human race had to hide from the illness that killed more than 500 thousand people. Millions of people, apparently, animals do not contract this disease. Current scientists are trying to discover what causes day-to-day illness. How was it created? If nature is made or human beings are just created What they know is that there are many animals running around the city above them. Death began between 1996-1997 and twelve monkeys were involved in it. (Or at least that is what the poster says), so the current prisoner named James Cole (Bruce Willis) was sent as a "volunteer" to receive samples from above After his "volunteer" work, he was asked to go back in 1996 to find out what happened to the world. Cole admits and the story of the Twelve Monkeys begins. <br /> <br /> All the time, the time machine went wrong many times since 1990 until sometime in the 1950s (in the middle of the war). It will make James confused in the head and make the story distorted. The whole story was very good and I would give a higher grade if it wasn't the end. Personally, I don't like the ending of the movie and I was very disappointed. I just expected that the explanation would end. But not everyone who thinks like this So I gave 8 but if everyone had the same opinion as me, I would give 6 or 7. <br /> <br /> For all of the movies I gave A + Bruce Willis was great for this chapter and He did well, but Brad Pitt was 100% excellent. His performance was excellent. He came into the character well. I didn't really care about Brad Pitt until I saw him in this story and Fight Club had a character or similar in this movie. He was a little ... crazy in this movie. Overall, I think this movie is worth it to try. For most people, it's a wonderful science fiction movie. I don't think it will be a masterpiece.
