Normally I try to avoid as many sci-fi movies as I can because this is not the type that attracts my attention. Light saber, UFO, aliens, travel time ... Most of it is nothing. for me However, there is one movie in the genre that I tend to give in the list of my popular movies and that is "Twelve Monkeys". I remember that it was completely blown away for the first time. But even now, after having it I've seen many times and I'm still one of the biggest fans. Every time I see this movie seems to be getting better. <br /> <br /> Somewhere in the distant future, all people are underground because unknown and deadly viruses have purged five billion people. In 1996, only 1 percent of the population remained alive. James Cole is one of them. He was a prisoner who lived in a small cage and was chosen as a 'volunteer' who was sent back in time to gather information about the origin of the epidemic. They believed that it was published by a mysterious group called 'The Twelve Monkeys' and wanted the virus before it mutated so that scientists could study. But their travel time is not fully functional and he was sent to the accident in 1990, where he met Dr. Kathryn Railly, a psychiatrist and Jeffrey Goines, the mad son of a scientist and a virus expert Famous ... <br /> What I like very much about this movie is the fact that it's never clear whether what you see is true or not. Is this just an illusion created in the mind of a human being with a mental state or being real? He really comes from the future and can travel across time? Is the population really eliminated by the Twelve Monkeys? This is all questions that will make you wonder from start to finish. If the filmmakers chose to make it more clear, I'm sure I wouldn't like it as much as now. It is just a mystery that makes me interested again and again. But that's not the only good thing about this movie. The performance is also excellent. Usually I'm not a fan of Bruce Willis, but what he did in this movie was surprisingly combined with Madeleine Stowe and Brad Pitt. He should have won many awards because it combined with their amazing stories. Making this movie work incredibly well. <br /> <br /> Even after having watched many times A big fan of this movie Except for this movie, I have only seen another movie, Terry Gilliam, that is "Fear and hatred in Las Vegas" which is not bad at all But didn't make me believe However, it was a movie that made me wait for his other works. I gave 9/10, maybe even 9.5 / 10.
