Terry Gilliam and David Peoples collaborate to create one of the most intelligent and creative science fiction movies of the 1990s. People prove the script with strange twists and great ideas about the nature of time. ? I like ideas that can't change the past. It is a good turning point for movies that take a lot of travel. Biological disaster and the line between consciousness and madness Gilliam expresses his thoughts with bizarre, perfection and novelty. <br /> <br /> The story itself is involved: James Cole, a man. (Played by Bruce Willis in warm heart performances), traveling for decades Draws information about viruses that eliminate humans and left only a few survivors who live underground: with the information they collect, scientists hope to be treated so that everyone in the future can return to the surface. But because their time travel technology is not perfect, he was sent to different past and different things and then the science fiction thriller with the film noir shades Is a piece of a large puzzle that starts right together to create a strange storytelling that is related to the activists Distrust of the Millennium biological weapons. Meaning of consciousness With this complex movie, it is easy for Gilliam and the people to create chaos, but the Twelve Monkeys is a thought-provoking story that will make those who like to challenge and have the patience to appreciate crazy ideas. <br /> <br /> I watched this movie about 10 years ago. It made me very clear. I remember still thinking about the patient several days later. For my young mind, it is quite incredible and one of the first movies that made me appreciate the cinema is serious and important. I watched this movie again a few days ago on a DVD and it's better than I can remember. Brad Pitt still steals every scene he plays. Almost the introduction of the character Tyler Denden in Fight Club ?? Rich children with anarchist / disconcerting ideas that are crazy and clover, according to Cole, may be responsible for the virus. The scene between Jeffrey and Cole in the crazy hospital is the best scene in the movie. Pitt's eyes, sounds and strange behavior that makes you believe that he is really crazy, trapped in a distorted logic that he understand Pitt's Oscar nomination is worthy! Surprisingly, Bruce Willis' performance: He doesn't remember well. But it is beautiful and full of feelings He plays the life of an underground person for most of his life, and when he comes to the past, you will share the passion of your child with something as simple as taking a breath of fresh air in the morning or watching the sunrise. Cole is a rather obscure character. People try to put darkness on him and he does things to annoy others and himself: the scene in which he takes his own teeth to reveal that his brain is gone. How much Ironically, Cole didn't start as a crazy character. But when he began to warn everyone about the end of the world, he considered crazy and believed that it was in his heart until he reached the point where he could not separate the past from the future. Reality from fiction Willis spent most of his time looking confused and unstable and working perfectly. One of the distorted fun in storytelling is when Dr. Kathryn Rayley, Cole's contraction, found undeniable evidence that he had come from the future and now had to convince him again on his mission to save the world. The screenplay is full of strange things like this and makes this film fast. Their relationship is good even though there may be some slight compression for the benefit of the time. But I enjoy watching Cole and Riley fall in love and trying to escape the future power to live a peaceful life in the past. But then things ended with a sad ending / extreme bitterness at the airport, which combined all the pieces that would make many things <br /> <br /> There are two great endings. The story in this movie Seven or Graphite Club and the closer end that Raleigh sits next to Cole, who has just been shot and looked around for James Cole, who is younger than the future witness of his own death. The two share a short look and she smiles at him. The twist is great. But I like this ending to have an emotional impact. Madeleine Stowe plays very well. Dr. Railly pulls her emotions apart from me in her performance. This film is full of feelings of death with the idea that the past cannot be changed: this movie shows that in a scary manner. It reminded me of Chinatown. In that sense, Jakek made everything more busy when he tried to help. Riley's character said that it was fate. She tried to help Cole? First deal with his 'madness' and help him in his mission? The more they are absorbed into the tragedy, the more <br /> <br /> The spiral ends with hope, though with the feeling that Cole's mission is not useless, the Twelve Monkeys are great movies to see who Want entertainment It should not be an art, even if it is an artist rather than many art films It is an unpretentious movie that every element, from music to editing, costume design, etc. comes together beautifully to produce masterpieces in modern cinemas.
