A story about the possibilities of the future after the end of the world since the creation of science fiction into the genre The fact that today's society is responsible for what may happen in the future in the near future and our abuse and refusal to see the right things before our eyes is the center of these stories. <br /> <br /> Of course, Terry Gilliam is natural for this type of movie. He felt degraded in this film by showing that the society had problems with their own excesses and caused a near tragedy even though there was a time of comedy. His world, which is the world that TWKVE MONKEYS, is a place where madmen run away from a city that collapses with dirt and neglect, where everything is But was harbinger This movie is a very dark movie, but it's the best and the most straight line. (Despite the distorted planning that is under investigation) and another good story when viewed repeatedly. <br /> <br /> Tragedy event The virus was released to mankind in 1996 and led to the destruction of life on Earth, as we know it, leading to future scientists trying to resolve the fate of humanity on Earth by hiring a traitor citizen. The world - as a guinea pig that will go back in time to one of them, James Cole (underplayed for good results by Bruce Willis). Cole may be anyone. We don't know anything about him. But in a way that is not important because he is a volunteer with less than one cost and the advice of his character sneak in later when he approaches to accomplish his mission What we know is that he is the person who dreams and his dreams may be true: He may have been in the events of 1996. <br /> <br /> It is a constant feeling of deja vu that pops up. Throughout the movie When inadvertently brought to the mental ward in 1990, he met Jeffrey Goines (played by Brad Pitt, who was nominated for an Oscar here) who rantly spoke like Fierce and devastating, and later Cole believes that Men pushing the boys outside while they are fleeing ... What? He didn't know. After that, he met psychologist Kathryn Railly (Madeleine Stowe) and one of her first reactions to him was that he was mad and she had seen him before. This became a concept about her participation in this story from the indifferent / impatient, enthusiastic and even a little crazy believer that Something Terrible was about to come in this way, especially when she met him. Six years later At the same time, Cole also talks about the dream that he still plays as a blonde woman who runs along the path with screaming for help after the shoot-out and the red head, especially in the horsetail ( Obviously, Jeffrey Goines?) No escape before pushing a little innocent boy nearby. The question arises: Are these events happening? Will they happen? Who is part of this or better - everyone is the smallest player who is part of a bigger plan? Or is this some trick in the time when the time is a large conveyor belt that shows the repetition of events that have been repeated over and over again? <br /> <br /> These questions were prepared in a sequence of expertise, including the important scenes of Alfred Hitchcock VERTIGO's masterpiece, Madeleine Elster / Judy Barton, sadly short of her existence ( "You didn't notice," Cole said, and Railly looked from the seats in the theaters they were hiding.) The example of VERTIGO conversations formed a foil for the conversation between Railly and Cole and later when Cole woke up from Which is obvious in the factory Drama and go to find Railly. He comes face to face with her disguise, such as Eva Maria Saint from NORTH BY NORTHWEST.) When Bernard Herrmann's score shows a swollen appearance of Judy Barton dressed as Madeleine Elster, it is a more interesting scene Because of the presence of the actors in both films: Madeleine Stowe plays the role of Railly Kathryn, wearing a blonde wig and a gray coat and calling himself "Judy Simmons" "Man named James Cole; James Stewart plays a detective who tries to help Madeleine Elster, who will later appear again, not once. But the first two were Brown, Judy Barton, and later as Madeleine. Action and Repeat Play and Repeat
