An interesting bold movie, create an easy cameraman with a selection of excellent actors and explosive soundtracks to create a detrimental impact of the crime and corruption of Santiago underworld and the young brothers. Two girls from Temuco> The first film actor, Daniella Rios, is an attractive erotic dancer. Gracia works in a nightclub owned by a new wave of confrontation. Chile's movie Alejandro Trejo, a brother who was easily played by Nestor Cantillana, is easily convinced to become Trejo's important follower. After one night at the club bar club to celebrate his seventeenth birthday Juan Pablo Miranda, from the creation of the opening scene, this film has become a new round of Nuoro in the outside world that is not expected to be seen in This set for conservatives and stereotypical Catholics. <br /> <br /> Gracia's charm attracts three men, like honey to honey, despite being a narrative about the three-way romantic fantasy circle revolving around a linear image Offers important international medicine between the men of Trejo and 'Gringo', Eduardo Barril. Power relations become important issues, while outsiders gather in small families. The prostitute has a strange spell over every Chilean man in the film, born from her vague position in the outskirts of society and is seen as the key for the future of the trio. The relationship between Trejo and Cantillana is important because the parents of the boys have good conscience. (No one thinks that they are still living in Temuco) So it is Trejo, el padrino, that 'adopts' Cantillana and powerful 'makes him' a city person. Miranda quickly became an outsider, while relying on his 'father figure', Cantillana became more tense from the beautiful Gracia jealousy. However, Miranda remained stuck with the limitations of Still in school - he depends on Cantillana, who depends on Trejo for money for survival. On the other hand, Trejo is under the thumb of 'Gringo' and his wealth has been Collecting through drug deals and his strip club, Gracia's body acts as a time bomb that looks like a beautiful fireworks. She clad the beauty fiber inside the master. But the tension can lead to only one point. <br /> <br /> When the tension of these power relations comes To head to Gracia is still ambiguous The viewer is not sure which woman she is. The film ends with a tragic and explosive shoot, which adjusts the relationship of energy and negative. protanganists Half important man The final match of Miranda's defeated face driving along the PanAmericano highway is hopelessly powerful. The boy was swallowed by the city mafia. But has lost his visible family and his woman, who is his only friend in this movie He has nothing Important and brave metaphors This is a gangster movie in Chile. The concept of family without sex before marriage, etc. was canceled and replaced with the brutal reality of the other side of Santiago's coins appearing in all their glory. Trejo brutally wins Rios, Rios and Miranda create love. In the movie roll room - prostitutes who have sex with minors that she almost doesn't know. 'Gringos' is seen as having a financial status over a small country in Latin America. Riga But not through a copper mine through the illegal path of drugs <br /> <br /> Waissbluth's victory is in his presentation in this dark world. Which raises many social questions, perhaps more than Sexo Con Amor, which has achieved unprecedented success in the smooth firecrackers of a movie that put this film firmly together with Sexo Con Amor, Taxi Para Tres and El chacotero Sentimental The film evidence that Chile has a truly good and artistic life and kicks in after the change 15 years after the military regime censorship
