Director / writer Andrés Waissbluth worked for seven years to create a two-hour movie about underground crime in Santiago, Chile and may be one of the reasons that the movie results seem to be episodes and want to be solved. Or it may be a director's technique that shows the good feelings of film noir storytelling. <br /> <br /> Two brothers - Silvio the elder (Néstor Cantillana) and Victor the younger (Juan Pablo Miranda ) Has already moved Reached Santiago from their home in Temuco after their parents died and Silvio worked to support Victor's education. On the same day as Victor Silvio's seventeenth birthday, brought a virgin to the club where he encouraged Victor to lose his virginity with one of the club's strippers / prostitutes. In a soft scene, Victor faced his own weakness while Silvio was on the club floor, impressing the 'owner' with his employment potential. Silvio went to work for the 'gang' as a bodyguard / Follower and make good money to support Victor's education But Victor had an eye on a dancer in a club named Gracia. (Antoni Rios) and began to flirt with her out of school, causing Silvio's anger and disappointment. Gracia has just been the leader of the group of Don Pascual (Alejandro Trejo), the leader of Silvio! Gracia is the glue that keeps this story together because she is a lover of Victor Silvio and Don Pascual and As a result of this strange battle, Trois had serious consequences. With the method of telling the story through the eyes of Victor Silvio and Gracia, we understand the vulnerabilities and cracks of each character that caused the catastrophe that happened. <br /> <br /> Sounds like a novel. Chile pulp? It was and it was filmed in a brutally colorful and gloomy manner with many front nudity. (Both women and men) and provocative sexual encounters But in the end, the director's point of view is what drives this movie, playing a naive professional actress with success. The actors are quite strong, especially Antonella Ríos. In Gracia's preferred role, there are many events that you think you understand in the first viewing. But the twists and turns and changes occur greatly But that change had a huge impact when told through the eyes of different characters. Next to two hours, smart editing will help create the impact of the movie In Spanish with English subtitles Recommended for those who like Noir Film Noir style and the art of South American cinema Grady Harp
