I haven't seen this movie in 35 years, so when I just noticed that it would be on television (cable) again for the first time in a very long time. (Not in the video) I'm sure I shouldn't miss it. And unlike many other movies that seem to lose luster when viewed again, I finally find the image from "The pride of the Marines" is as lively and powerful as I can remember for the first time. What makes this movie so special? <br /> <br /> Everything from the true story of Al-Schmid and the Marines' machine gun crew test at the Battle of the Tenaru River in Guadalajara. In November 1942, the screenplay remained 95% true for this book. "By Roger Butterfield changed enough to respond to the movie's time limits. This is not a typical war movie, where action is central and of course the war scene takes about 10 minutes in the middle of the movie. But it is an impressive 10-minute memory, filmed in the light that is as light as possible, to demonstrate the nightly fighting and without the ridicule of heroes or falsehoods that are often catastrophic This type In a way that may advance the natural drama time of what is happening is more than enough to convey to the audience the brutality of the fight and may shock the audience after seeing the war. This film is not about war "glorify"; I can't imagine anyone seeing the fight scene and wanting to join in the service immediately. <br /> <br /> The thing that this movie really worries about is the aftermath of the fight and the damaged ones. Learn to demand their lives again There was a wonderful hospital scene with ten men talking about this, and I felt that it was another reason for the film to receive a very good response - it was especially well written, with the sequence "Dreams "Doing the opposite (Negative film) that seems to be almost entirely experimental and the performance is also strong, led by John Garfield. Garfield is perfect for this chapter because of his natural temperament and almost all of Schmid, and Garfield meets Schmidt and even stays with him for a while to learn as much as Will do about men and their roles The actors do not do that anymore. But adding to the equation, it is another reason for this film to be successful in telling difficult and unattractive stories.
