In the area of ​​movies based on screenplay from other areas (or any name for the Oscar), "Holes" are reliable. I think it would be better if an author creates a screenplay because the author is the content creator. If the writer is unable to write a screenplay to save lives, they allow the author and the person who is fluent in the writing of the script to create it. In addition, this examination is about "holes". <br /> <br /> The cause starts here and may find an internal spoiler (1) Louis Sachar is a great writer and it turns out that He can write a screenplay. I watched movies and read books, and both were not linked or foolish. Some people have natural talents that can rise above the people I want to see his character prove to the conclusion first. (3) To solve a little suspicion, Andrew Davis is brought in. This is the man who makes Harrison Ford work hard and run fast. He can also make Steven Seagull smash some heads. For this film, he created chips and the rest of the children digging holes. In other words, he can create movies. "Packed with action" and made it good, even though "action" is not the main type, not "action" (4). My second favorite show went to Jon Voight as Mr. Sir. Sometimes stupid roles bring the best in the actors. When Voot spoke the script "Once upon a time ..." I had to laugh for half a minute because it was very funny. He has the ability to perform comedy, and he should explore a few roles that allow him to show that talent. (5) Tim Blake Nelson is very strong whenever he receives a screenplay. This may be the second best chapter that I have seen him in (the second is 'O Brother Where Art Thou?') (6) I like the setting options for movies. I don't know whether California is arid or dry. I guess both population numbers and land areas may be misleading. (7) The overall picture of the movie made me want another bottle of water. Anyone can imagine that digging a hole in that arid area is half a day (8). The rest of the actors should also receive the Kudos bar box as well. Sigourney Weaver, Henry Winkler, Khleo Thomas, Jake M. Smith and the rest of the bill have been touched because of their ability and it can be gel. excellent A great actor, even if it's close to the band. (9) I like movies that don't explain anything immediately. When Stanley was struck in the head with baseball shoes, it made me want to see how strange events would happen and that was an important component in making a good movie. (10) Disney Pictures (not Touchstone, DISNEY !!) needed Must create movies for children Was satisfied for me and me as a student The last Disney movie I saw was "Something Wicked This Way Comes" and "Holes" might be more than that. (For example, the election in 2000 is still close to calling) Disney can create greatness if they decide to expand this type and remember the art of milking cows when seen. Ten reasons to score ten! <br /> <br /> In summary, "Holes" is one of my favorite Disney movies and probably the best movie this year. (This movie may not be an Oscar material. But anyone who says Oscar material is the best material?) In terms of being a movie from the book I read, this rank is behind "Fight Club" in my list. (Which is above) for being the movie I saw in 2003, this is one of the top five (behind "Mystic River") compared to "Harry Potter" Stanley Latta, Yale used a shovel to the head of Harry and easily bring the final blow with smelly shoes to nose Potter. Everyone should see this movie because both inform and entertain. Here, finish my words!
