And I'm serious! One of the best movies I've ever enjoyed watching. The great thing is that a good book will turn into a movie that is not only good, but if possible than a novel based on Perhaps in the case of Lord of the Rings and Trainspotting But it is a rare event But I think the fact that Louis Sarkar was involved from the beginning helped a lot of people to keep the film attached to the story. But bring it further This film has many elements that make it true: <br /> <br /> 1 original story that is unique with fun and humor. But with maturity 2. an excellent actor Both children and adults, these actors know how to bring stories to life and present their genres with enthusiasm and style without having to go on the water because sometimes it happens with children's movies. Amazed And does not matter whether it is real or CGI. Setting yourself is a masterpiece I especially like the picture of the hole from the bird's perspective. 4. A talented director who lives in the book and becomes a technical genius. Transitions work well and capture solid climax points from books leading to twists throughout the movie. 5. Louis Sachar! People who let me read books do not stop from beginning to end so that I can't put them down. He made sure that the script was attached to the book by adding a new bit to make it better. 6. And speaking of the script! This one of the liners is smart, funny and not enough. But there are some parts that make you smile, make you cry and draw deep feelings to make you love this story more 7. beautiful soundtrack There is no song in this movie that I didn't fall in love with and that's what I think I should be. Punk - rock the music, connect with the story well and add special jazz to the overall style of the movie. If you are going to buy a movie, I suggest you buy the soundtrack, especially for "If Only", which is centered on the story and is sung from the book. <br /> <br /> I don't work for The person who created the hole by the way, I was just a fan, plugged my favorite movie and gave it a check it deserved. If you haven't seen it yet, do it right now!
