The hole is a story about the past and the way it affects the current life of at least three people. I will name one of the other two as a mystery and will remain like that. Holes are a story about Stanley Yelnats IV. He is an unfortunate person in life. In fact, unfortunately, it shows the fate of most Yelnats men and counts. But that came from Stanley IV's exploits that had no good grandfather, dirty, rotten, pig, grandfather thief Those specific exploits have caused the family to curse many unfortunate people. It was a time when we met Stanley IV. He was accused of stealing a pair of baseball shoes, donating new money to a homeless shelter by a famous baseball player. He gets the option in jail or he can go to the character building camp. `I have never been to a camp before 'Stanley said When the judge sent him enthusiastically to the Green Lake camp, <br /> <br /> Green Lake Camp is a strange place with a strange philosophy: "If you bring a bad boy to him, dig. Holes every day The hot sun will turn him into a good boy. 'We learned the small pearl of wisdom from Sir (John Noyut), one of the camp's "advisors". We were immediately impressed that he was the one. danger At least he wears his attitude honestly. He doesn't think he's good. Camp council counselor Pendanski (Tim Blake Nelson) is a completely different story. He acts as a part of a sensitive counselor that cares. But he was quicker than anyone who had the power to release the most brutal verbal thorn on his charge. The guards have the ability to make decisions for me. But other than that, she is a mysterious person. The trio ruled the Green Lake camp, a place without a lake. It was just a dry, dusty desert filled with holes five feet deep and five feet wide. Its native animals appear to be vultures and poisonous lizards. Green Lake seems to be a place that is haunted in many ways. <br /> <br /> Working holes, even with strange and strange environments, because they understand people. Especially because they are honest in the way associated with the Green Lake prisoners The film captures the way children interact with each other perfectly. It brings together the ways in which children can bully each other, how they can overcome their admiration, how they fight with each other, and how boys are allied by age It is the perfect core that makes everything in the movie believable. The refreshing thing about this movie is the good nature of the main characters. He does not believe in the curse of the family. He is not bitter about the shameful exploits of `bad, dirty-rotten pig-thief-big-grandfather-big '. The past and determined that it would not affect him in the way that it affected his father and grandfather. There are times when many sadness in this film But did not cause much pain and stupidity And that is refreshing. <br /> <br /> Ruth is a smart, witty and witty family movie. It's entertaining and not in the right way. It's not a comedy, although it laughs. It dares to be interesting, which many family movies often play safe and traditional. For this reason, it is beyond the category of family movies and becomes a good movie that everyone can enjoy.
