Gruveyman2 (comments below) You are a complete idiot ... blinded by ignorance with the city you are loyal to. It's a rude arrogance that you say ironically. This film is about SF that makes you look like a hole. LA A ** General! The only reason you feel that this movie congratulates yourself about SF is because you are jealous. Of course you don't know because you are impatient. The first movie about a beautiful city is completely true. What was filmed there and what was filmed by more famous local people It says nothing bad about LA; And these successful directors chose to live in a beautiful city over LA. They realized that they went to film schools in LA and were clearly proud of that reality. They acknowledge that SF is close to LA, which is useful. The only negative thing that says that relates to LA is about studio executives. The same studio executives hated these movies when they first saw them. But then those same movies became a big money-making movie around the world Why are they not being hostile to the studios, studios and studio systems? These people are the only people they try to "separate from" and for good reason! Don't be too sensitive! How can you tell that Francis Ford Coppola is the director? "Called" San Francisco, how would he not consider that? And who directs the godfather? Coppola made it his vision to tell the story on the screen that won the best picture. Then who gave him a job He admitted it in the documentary that he didn't want to even make a movie .... What about your issue? What if Sofia wanted to stay in LA? And how to prove your point And told me that they were not truly independent when they raised a lot of their own movies The movie is considered a classic. And when they created a movie from a fundraising studio, one was LA who came to them and said that we want you to create these images and the two of them use the money they make from making these images for Their own funds They say honestly in the movie. <br /> <br /> "Your groaning and congratulations will give you more respect and confidence in yourself if you never walk on. ground This movie "<br /> <br /> Hell can be" bitchy-ness "and" congratulate yourself. "Suddenly there is an" air "of self-respect and credibility .... if they never go to LA again? It's a silly and illogical comment! You have inserted a large word in it and don't know how to use it! And by the way they never claimed or implied that they were better than LA! And if they reward men from New York at Los Angeles .... again, what do you think? So if they go to LA or New York, they are hypocrites by choosing to stay in SF? You have no reason. <br /> <br /> San Francisco has pride in itself and its heritage and the people who make it the way it is today. This film focuses on only one aspect ... Movie creation. For you to take and type nasty comments about the city (Not a movie! But the city and the people in the city) prove what it is. We, Northern California people, hate people from LA! This is a great document ... very interesting, especially if you come from the bay area ... but I recommend everyone
