The secret to creating a good and stable mystery story is a matter of time, as well as planning a colorful or twisted character. Anyone who has worked with frustration with an incomprehensible crossword puzzle on Sunday in the New York Times knows that any puzzle that takes too long to solve the puzzle will stop fun. The mystery of the best murder, whether it is a movie or in print, is a small matter that has come to this point, spelling their words into a line of suspects and hoping to surprise us. Is complicated without being too confused And they play fair To watch the second, third, and fourth of the clues and the red herring, we should be glad to be surprised how well it was when we were surprised at first. Indeed, good excitement should be better in repetitive viewing as we expect to have two and three crosses. <br /> <br /> DEATHTRAP Sidney Lumet's comedian from the drama Broadway of Ira Levin is a good example. It moves along with the messy clips, juggling clues honestly (almost) completely with us. (Although it lied to us) and never revealed where it would go (Although it tells us where it will go). It is a mysterious movie, murdered in a traditional propeller, less than a mystery movie about murder, derived from the play of drama writing. Instead of going back - murder and investigation to explain why everything happened - Death Trap took us through the crime step by step, leaving the room for unexpected things; Because the ads suggest that it is "whodunit" less than "who'lldoit" <br /> <br /> DEATHTRAP is often compared to SLEUTH's drama and film versions, although it looks scary But in reality, it is very similar to SCREAM, an article that ridicule itself in a teen horror movie. Just like a smart movie, DEATHTRAP labels itself. (Thriller thrillers) set the parameters ("one set, five characters, a moneymaker") and then proceed to distinguish it by revealing himself to be Enough entertainment to persuade the audience to suppress unbelief. "<br /> <br /> DEATHTRAP gives us a mystery with only five main characters, two of which are the least important. Henry Jones as a lawyer on hand is mostly for expression. (And in order for us to have a passion for people's charm) and Irene Wirth is all the temperament and relief as a mental detective who acts as a detective Which makes the three main characters a murderer and / or victim: it is proof of Michael Caine's ability that Sidney Bruhl, a playwright of luck, creates luck The characters that we like and trust in us, even as soon as we know that almost everything he says is a lie. As his beloved, if Myra's wife, Dyan Canon, is quite flirting by going to the top with a roller coaster ride with characters that seem to be weak or arrogant or frustrated, shy or brave, and Steadfast love with Sidney that is less responsive The third corner of this unexpected triangle is an experienced playwright named Clifford Anderson, played by Christopher Reeve, in a manner that we have never managed with his character who is an enthusiastic preppie wannabe writer. Semi-innocent victims While various characters dance around the fascinating script adapted by Ace Scribe, Jay Presson Allen tries to create fun, even when it creates doubts. And even after the final spin (Improving the final scene of the drama) It may not be clear who is managing who will do it. <br /> <br /> Lumet is not a comedian, so he Let his talented actors have the freedom to deal with the characters and they give clarity, drama, but delicate work, which Reeve is particularly notable, but what Lumet Well done is to work skillfully in a narrow space as he does a great job in 12 ANGRY MEN. He plays one set and at least opens up, manages to make things that may be narrow, stagy and still. There is no end to photography and spacious. Setting up a country house that was converted from an old mill is relatively small. But designed by Tony Walton. It is both cozy and charming, including scary and betrayal. It is difficult to clearly say that the actual studio and country house sets across the boundary to the level where the scene becomes the sixth character. And as a crime scene, it is the most attractive death
