One of the greatest classic filmmakers of Roger Corman is Yan Ramones. (Which is set to be a cheap trick) Rock and Roll High School It is just a simple and outdated technical story. (But adding more nostalgic humor when considering these things is what makes Napoleon Dynamite look funny - see Eaglebauer's van) about teenagers who love rock and roll. <br /> Students At the Vince Lombardi High School, the students were resented by the evil principal, Miss Evelyn Togar (played by Mary Woronov, a classics who feared Rock N 'Roll would turn children into deviants and words. Swearing Not a Rock N 'free zone. Actually, she intends to get rid of Rock N' Roll for all students, regardless of whether they are at school or not, and that she has cooperation from most adults who may make the plan successful. <br /> <br /> But not if Riff Randell (PJ Soles) can help. Ramones is crazy about her writing some songs. (Including the Rock and Roll High School) that she wanted to give Ramones and to try to do so was rejected by Miss Tomas that did everything he could to prevent her Saw Ramones play in the city It was the final revolution between hated and adolescent adults. (In the ending reminiscent of Over the Edge) After the punk years, when the reputation of the rocker, Ramones (and others) will mark another change in the evolution of music, it is good to see the movie. That is celebrating all the fun of it and in a funny manner too. <br /> <br /> Most are funny movies. But good feelings - good jokes. However, when you are in the mood for something laid back to entertain you with Jerry Zucker (from Airplane fame) and Joe Dante (from Gremlins' reputation), both are involved in some governance. You will get ideas for the humor that you are. (And not to mention expecting to see Dick) Miller, even a few minutes in the final scene of the movie) The story must be inspired later (And has been updated) by the mid-90s community, Detroit Rock City, where some small characters change in vehicles for Kizz rockers. <br /> <br /> Through Correy Feldman High School Rock and Roll Forever, released almost a decade later The original is still the best.
