Previously, I had seen the complete version presented by David Shepard. Finally, I was holding a complete version - or nearing completion, which took about 56 minutes compared to the more widely distributed 30-minute version. Shepard's printing For Image Entertainment There are superior qualities and the best parts are there. But still good to see the rest of the movie and fill the endless story. <br /> <br /> In the print of Shepard, the movie ends with Mary Zen. "You see, I changed my mind - I won't go home." Yet, in the complete version, Mary and Kenneth Driscoll ended their relationship soon after that scene ?? Mary went home abroad And Driscoll once again gathered his relationship with Vivian. This additional video develops the Vivian character, which has little relevance in the Shepard version. Moreover, in the complete version, this film begins in the rural area of ​​New Jersey with Mary, which she reads and imagines her ideal lover. She was disappointed with the reality of the farm's progress. "Cute boy" Johnny Applebloom (the character disappeared from the Shepard version) but after her relationship with Driscoll, she returned to the country to assume and eventually became the farmer's wife. <br /> Without regard To print, 'A Girl's Folly' was a great small movie for 1917, created by one of Maurice Tourneur's top directors in 1910. Tourneur spent a lot of time doing his own business, including playing caricature. Of The self - directed the film within the film. Both lead actors also provide quality performances based on previous performances: Robert Warwick, the actor who plays the star, chases the skirt and Doris Kenyon as an actor who wants to play. Daddy on the screen <br /> <br /> Self-reference movies that make movie making the focus of the movie. Now, nothing new. Mack Sennett has parodied the genre of the film three years ago with 'Mabel's Dramatic Career'. Aspects of This day is outstanding even though Frances Marion's narrative has a sense of humor, including the illustrations of the actors on the chess board by hand, directing them - stand out. With the pleasure of this movie: "RomantiCK!" And another answer is "Romance, nuthin !? That is the image of Movin! "The female playwright Anita Loos summed up, referring to himself, similar to other movies in 1917. 'Wild and Woolly' Both writers helped change the role of careers in business and art. <br /> <br /> Some photography by Tourneur and John van den Broek is very good, especially in relation to the movie making business. The use of mirrors in many scenes is a good reflection of the film. In addition, the correction is also excellent. Cutting fast across the studio scene is very important. It acts as a space for filmmakers, especially exciting at that time.
