Riff Randell is a big fan of the rock group. Ramones are the majority of students in the school. But the new principal of Togar thinks rock and roll is a bad influence on students, especially the music from The Ramones. So when Riff discovers that they are performing in the city, she skips classes for a few days to receive tickets. For her and her friends, but when Ms. Togar discovers why she really stopped working, she took the card At the moment, what happened to Tom Roberts was born from the love that happened to Riff. But fellow friend Rath Rath felt like Tom. But Riff set her eyes on the lead singer, like Ramon, and hopes to get this concert so that they can play her music. <br /> <br /> Have fun! Enjoy! Enjoy! Yes, yes. 'Rock n Roll high School' doesn't focus on the main points or ?? The noise! Not what I expected. That is, of course. Everyone who participates in this dandy project looks like they are having a good time and the relaxed nature of it is shown on screen with the energy that gives this glowing spirit, which makes it an invaluable experience. Not saying that I think that the art of it and the story are not as useful as it should be. But seeing the raging and crazy driving that has escalated into a dangerous jerk, I can't wipe my smile out of my face. It tastes good. Very wonderful. Very busy. But that was funky! <br /> <br /> Economical b-grade features from producer Roger Corman and John Dante, co-writer (And he also co-directed the scene when director Allan Arkush was admitted to the hospital on the last day). In general, a respectful respect for shaking in the 1950s by clapping with clichés that had effect and tossed Down in the stew tag teen riot because of the gap between generations and adults. (Who knows best) These qualities may not be particularly fresh. But will increase the interest with a delicious treatment This film has only one thing in mind to hang out! And they can do that, the courtesy of the 'Ramones'. Players can really say that one of the most popular video clips is because it's about Ramones ?? Mostly anyway I see the ability to show Ramones more. This is a musician who is not an actor, which means that it's not about acting. Here, it's a song that we should dig. They come here to show! Which they presented on that page with a track that makes this movie look lively Especially the colorful concert The energetic soundtrack has killer songs from other artists such as Devo, The Velvet Underground, MC5, Fleetwood Mack, Eddie and Hot Rods and Alice Cooper. But these jump paths get along well with feelings of worry and even The score works well. Especially in the scenes related to Ms. Togar with scores that understand the correct emotions surrounding her thoughts The playful mood of the movie is similar to a roller coaster ride that has a lively rhythm between electric music and funny segments, from sluggish fighting to sharp conversations. The good measure has a variety of light and heavy gags which I find very satisfying and it gives a wider range of expressing myself. <br /> <br /> What else makes This film must have additional support, PJ Soles of Heaven (well known for her performance on Halloween), which makes the show more famous, such as Peachy Riff Randy's other exemplary performances. Including Dey Young As Kate Rambeau is the most cute, Vincent Van Patten as Tom Roberts, who looks awkward and goes to see the man Eaglebauer, who plays Clint Howard. Amazingly, Corman also has a wonderful appearance for Mary Woronov. As Mrs. Togar, who pushed her to study unfairly, Paul Bartel as Mr. McGree and the role of Dick Millar in the end. Enthusiastic performances were quite cute. But it fits well with the content and there are some possibilities that arise from these characters But we despise Togar and the people watching in her hall. <br /> <br /> Bush here when I say 'Rock' n 'Roll High School' is a horn that is intoxicating when straying!
