The brain of a deceased person was considered very disgusting in 1959 that had to be cut many times and passed three years before it was released in 1962. Today, it is difficult to imagine that that person. Are both scary and obscene <br /> <br /> The story is definitely related to a doctor who is an enthusiastic investigator in growing limbs - and when his girl friend is killed in a car crash. He rushed to his secret laboratory. With the help of a few phone lines, clamps and what looks like a shallow baking pan, he will make her come back to life again. But are you grateful? It is not difficult. In fact, she seems to be caught up with all the hardships, especially when it happens that doctors plan to attach her head to another body. <br /> <br /> When it happens The doctor is all about this new body: He needs people who are created for speed and he takes time to cruise a woman who is not on the path in the city. The competition, which of hunting and cheesecake style in search of donors to raise his eyebrows. But when returning to the lab, the chief developed a mental linkage that occurred in chemistry with another doctor's experiment. It was very ugly that it was locked out of sight in a useful laboratory. They can work together to get rid of the bitter and dangerous help in the lab, destroy, avenge the doctors, and help the woman whose body he wants may be! Jason Everest, the male leader, played a formidable doctor as if he had received an enormous amount of fly flies. Virginia Lethon, the head that is unhappy, cries the treble and smoke, even though she doesn't have a lung and may not even have a voice. The busty baby turns into an incredibly boring song. One more conversation is ridiculous than the story, and you have to use a calculator to increase the continuity of the fool. Overall, the undead brain came out more funny than the Ed Wood movie. <br /> <br /> Director Joseph Green really managed to keep everything moving in a fairly good clip and look at Today's movies are easy to choose from influential directors who have no doubt that what they are young and impressive and never get it. The wounds that occurred before the movie will be released forever. But the wounds that were made for television were revived in the release of Alpha, and while the quality of the film and the sound was not very good. It's not a good thing to start. <br /> <br /> Now this is one of those movies that you will find boring or unbelievably hilarious, depending on your perspective, so it's very hard to give. Suggestions, but I will say this: If your tastes run to the likes of Edwood or Russ Meyers, you must hurry and grab it now! Four stars for the magician alone! GFT Amazon Reviewer
