There are two movie experiences that I will always hold. The first time I saw "Star Wars" for the first time at the age of 10 with my brother. A second that came close to Halloween at Tripple Plex and my best friend Trevor in late October 1978. Halloween made me almost breathless, not uttered and scared seriously. Everyone knows the story. Michael Myers decided to kill his sister on Halloween in 1963. He escaped from a mental hospital 15 years later to return to Haddofield to destroy the catastrophe again. He saw Laurie. (Jamie Lee Curtis) A shy senior who enjoys raising children and starts stalking her. Her party friends on the opposite side were killed one by one while Michael intrigue him. Ironically, the young boy she had a tendency in Halloween was afraid of "Boogeman" and was able to see him outside. During the murder, Dr. Donald Pleasance worked hard to find Michael before he released anger. He has no evidence. There is no evidence that he had to sell to the sheriff (Charles Cyphers). When the plot occurs, you will have a movie driven by suspense instead of cheap horror. Alfred Hitchcock once said "You can have four men playing cards on the table and they don't know that there is a bomb and it goes off. That is a cheap excitement. However, put four men at the table to discover the bombs and Talk about what to do about it, then it will not go out. Then you have doubts. Director John Carpenter received that advice on Halloween. The audience will see his image outside, looking after his victim. We gasped Will he kill you? When will he kill her? Then Michael disappeared. Carpenters also use thrill instead of special techniques that often emphasize blood color. This movie has little blood. But still giving good fear One of the best scenes is that Michael lifted Bob out of the floor. He used the knife back as it shone in the moonlight. He then drove. What you hear is loud and the audience sees that Bob's feet are lifeless. The carpenter was the first to use an advantage point from the murderer's scene. This also puts our audience at the highest point. What will he do? What happens in his heart? Finally, the carpenter's skill points will increase tension. Moreover, the writing of the script that he did with Debra Hill gives us a story that develops the character that we care about. Not teenagers "Crazy Party", but only to overcome the betrayal of the teenage land. Finally, there is an appropriate performance in the thriller "B". Nick Castle, the "the Shape" (Michael) player, adds something to the mindless killer. It's cool, merciless and without pathology. Any more than that, the personality does everything the same way. He kills when trapped or just set a trap. He separated the victims from each other. In addition, he also has to rely on brute force. And the mask is used (the William Shatner mask that is bleached) gives the impression that there is no spirit or emotion While fun is a fascinating story in a single person who is in recovery. It made me wonder if he was a representative of the fading efforts of modernism to explain evil. Although the crown jewel is the debut of Jamie Lee Curtis She plays Laurie while some are afraid. But was determined and strong that fought back The end is something that makes me unable to speak. This is the first concept of an indestructible serial killer that cannot be stopped. Movies like Star Wars have many advantages that can be enjoyed. Although Halloween movies and other horror movies do not have that advantage So if we can remove our thoughts the first time we see a movie to experience a new and fresh experience, Halloween will be the movie that I will choose.
