As I have already mentioned, John Carpenter's classic, in 1978, was one of the first two movies I remember seeing and being heavily influenced by others. (Another classic is the Conan the Barbarian) It really scared me that the only monster under my bed is Michael Meyers, which I eventually became a friend. (Imaginary friend) to prevent him from killing me in my sleep It is now a fear for children aged 10 years. <br /> <br /> It's a classic horror movie and I'm sure my simple reviews won't follow the justice that I deserve. The most surprising thing is that the movie still works, probably not in the neck's reaction. But it is possible to immediately understand or subconsciously All this may happen. It is not within the scope of impossibility or being located abroad. (Due to the most modern horror is the hostel, Touristas, Cry Wolf, Saw, etc.) Sometimes it is graphic, while the rest is reduced to our imagination. I believe it is this element that makes people scared or at least be careful to go out at night with a unique soundtrack that remains bright in their heads. It is still usable because we can replace the implicit killings or the third step with something more frightening that our minds can create. We ourselves have contributed to our own fears and anxieties. Carpenters, weavers are simple stories about everyday life, the middle class, suburbs and children who are quite kind, which kill Halloween and kill the sister of he Then he spent the next 15 years in an educational institution. (Which we are not particularly grateful for) to escape and return to his hometown, the infamous Haddonfield on the way he killed and killed The name of the child is Michael Meyers, although he is not a person. John Carpenter uses Michael Meyers to compare implied safety of the middle class suburbs. In the fortress of America's security and security, chaos continues. <br /> <br /> Michael stopped as a person when he was killed. He is not a serial killer or human psychopath. He is a non-stop power. General masks, white Chinner mask, bleach, and lack of other conversations. Then, breathing helps to reduce humanity and make Michael's birth complete. This is the source of all his power. He is a man without a voice and does not have any meaning other than being a source of uproar. This has been helped by movies. (Effect card) The lack of information / motivation / explanation and experience of Donald Pleasence (Dr. Loomis )'s narrative experience, superior performance and his uneasiness sell "shape". This is a performance. Jamie Lee Curtis' first film, such as Laurie Strode, an innocent girl who destroys chaos when faced with overwhelming odds. (At least a little) <br /> <br /> Although this is not the first movie of the new horror movie channel (Black Christmas came out 4 years ago), it was the most successful and not diminishing when investigate If you are not afraid of a horror movie for a long time (like me), this may cause the fur behind your head to go to the first chord of the unique soundtrack. I would like to recommend this movie to see horror movies and be one of the best in John Carpenter's career.
