I have to admit, this is one of my favorite horror movies of all time. The unique way that John Carpenter directs this image opens the door to many types of simulations. It will make you feel cool whether it's your first time or your fifth year. The horrifying horror sound of Michael Meyers and the shameful screaming of Jamie Lee Curtis made the film become a cult cult immediately and a good start for an independent era. I love music. I love the characters. Familiar settings. But scary, the simple nature of the villain and random chaos of all of it There is no touch or reason for killing in the first movie. This story allows us to experience Michael's true nature. Is he crazy or in some way is a very intelligent animal? That question may not be answered in truth, but Carpenter gives 100% dedication to this amazing masterpiece. <br /> <br /> John Carpenter is a teacher of horror. Although his recent movies are not as talented as they were before (see Ghosts of Mars), but Halloween started his career. This is his best movie. As he released other great people, I would always remember that it was a movie that allowed me to turn on all the lights. Be careful when babysitting and checking after closing the door because you never know where to go. The carpenter has this amazing ability that will bring you into the world in which he weaves. With the power of the camera, he makes these Meyers images in the places you expect the least, while letting you know as if the murderer is next to you. I love all the scenes that we panned and had Michael watching from a distance without anyone being smart. It was scary but it was really awesome. I like the scene where the carpenter pulls your fears out of the air. Almost you will think of your own business when suddenly a horrible mask comes out. Just like the characters, you also think that it's just a trick of the eye. But that's where Carpenter brought you. It's not Michael is not a ghost. He is a human. (Or at least we think) but he has mental abilities that are stronger than most main characters This leads to dark themes and unexplored symbols. But even though there is no scary movie, <br /> <br /> If you have not enough Michael to become a vapor in your home window Carpenter adds a cool song I also had to tap the piano keys in my mind to constantly wonder if Meyers was looking at me through the window. Carpenter has discovered the perfect combination of horror in sight and bleak sound to guess what might happen to our victims. It is death and made with fresh initiative and excitement that is more unique than anything that is released by Horror Hollywood today that can be collected. Carpenter Halloween is a fresh breath amidst what may be a horror year that is lamenting when replaced by Paris Hilton. You are afraid that the quality will never be the same. <br /> <br /> In the end I Would like to say that even though the nature of the open murder in this movie is scary and frigid Using the mask "The Clown" sends a shiver up to my spine. How to shoot with a long shot using a child mask as if it were our own eyes is still one of the best horror channels ever! It sets the complete sound for the rest of the film. You have a babysitting theme. You have a child-like behavior that has Michael all along. And you have all the art skills of Carpenter combined into one. I can speak many hours per hour about this movie. But i want to watch again It has repeated visits! <br /> <br /> Overall, I think this is one of the most prominent movies in movie history. Skip all those foreign films that think they are having the opportunity to see the face of the movie, let them be a budget carpenter and a slasher movie genre. This singular movie redefines all new horror movies and still has Influence on horror in modern times The formidable mix of truly terrifying killers, powerful movies of the event. (Which normally doesn't have a lot of horror movies) and the beauty of Jamie Lee Curtis is what makes Halloween Of course, Freddie is cool and you feel sympathetic to Jason. But Michael is a real person. He has a problem and he is craving for the blood of a mentor. What better way? <br /> <br /> Grade: ***** from *****
