Halloween is not just a godfather in slasher movies. But it's the greatest horror movie ever! John Carpenter and Debra Hill create the most horrifying, scary and scary movie of all time with this classic cooler. Michael Myers is a fantastic monster in this film, which he was inspired by emulators such as Jason Vorhees ( Friday the 13th), The Miner (My Bloody Valentine) and Charlie Puckett (The Night Brings Charlie). Okay, so I'm a little confused there. But it will show you the effect that this movie has on all horror genres The monster does not have to come from King Tut's grave or from the laboratory of Dr. Frankenstein anymore He can create in a small, comfortable neighborhood of the suburbs. And on the night he returned home ... Haddonfield, Illinois and the audience wouldn't be the same There are many aspects of this movie that make it a jewel of horror movies. The first is the setting ... It happens in what appears to be a normal suburb. Many of us who grow up in this area can easily identify characters. This is the type of neighborhood where you feel safe. But if the problem begins to form, no one wants to lift a finger to join (Especially when the madman who breathes heavily is trying to provoke our young heroine) along with the movie scene taking place on Halloween !! The most terrible night of the year! While most people are carving Jack O Lantern, Michael Myers is looking for teen carvings. In addition to the settings, there are also great performances. Jamie Lee Curtis works well as our heroine, Laurie Strode, who is a high school student who doesn't seem to find a match. However, it was Donald Pleasance, while Dr. Sam Loomis, who really stole the show The description of his talented doctor, who knows only a kind of hidden behind the black eyes of Michael Myers and feels forced to send him to hell again and again, is the story of the legend. Kwan However, it is a synthesizer score that makes this image seem to make the audience almost into the movie. When you hear you will never forget I also enjoy the grainy feeling in this picture. Today, it seems that they will make every picture of the movie clearer, giving the details that are possible about the monster that we should fear. On Halloween, John Carpenter never made us see Michael Myers completely. He always seems to be part of the shadow, and I think that is what makes him very scared. There are many scenes that Michael sees partly while he spies on teenagers. (Which is not known) which adds to his disgust. If you think that some wacko might be watching you now and you don't even know Unfortunately for our teenagers (And luckily for our horror fans) when they met Michael, he didn't look for candy on this Halloween night .. he was looking for blood Eventually, Michael Myers was an important element of the film's effectiveness. His constant pursuit of Laurie Strode made him look like an assassin that would never stop. He is a demon that will haunt you for the rest of your life. So if you haven't seen this movie yet (If there are still some people who have not yet or have), grab some popcorn, turn off the lights every time, turn it on the old DVD and watch with shock. Trick or Treat!
