Not long ago I just went through the steps that I wanted to see why the horror movies in the 90's were not able to hold a candle for the 70's and 80's movies. I had publicly revealed to this forum about wickedness. Of movies such as The Haunting and Urban Legend, and so I feel that they (and others like them) don't know what the true horror is And it bothered me to the point that made me go to a local video store and rent some classic horror movies I own it every Friday so I rented The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, the original Nightmare on Elm Street, Jaws, The Exorcist, Angel Heart, The Exorcist and Halloween. Now, other movies are classic in their own way. But it is the story that I want to tell you about Halloween. Because what Halloween does may be something that doesn't have other films in the history of horror movies that can be done, and it uses delicate techniques, techniques that do not rely on blood and blood, and it uses these to create terror. Fear for your life. I was in the room by myself, where the power was out and stupid as I knew it was. I wanted to look behind me to see that Michael M Is yers there? There are no movies that I saw in the last ten years done with me No movies. <br /> <br /> John Carpenter uses low-budget films and he is afraid of watching movies of a generation. He shows that you do not need to use the budget in numbers 8 or 9 to stimulate fear for the audience. Because sometimes the best elements of fear are not real things But what is going to happen What is that shadow? What is the voice above? He knows that these are ways to make someone scared and he uses all the elements of the horror textbook that I think you can use. I still think that he created his own thoughts and these things should be the ideas that people use today. But they can't No one uses light and detail to stimulate fear. They use special techniques and bloodlines. And it is not the same You don't have to be afraid of the giant effects that cause noise and jump out of the wall. It's a time when the killer is lurking somewhere. You don't know what makes you afraid. And Halloween is as successful as never before in this movie. <br /> <br /> In 1963, Michelle Myers killed his sister as well. A large butcher knife took 15 years of his life. As Loomis (his doctor) said to the sheriff Brackett, "I spent eight years trying to contact him. The other seven people made sure that he never went out because of things. I saw behind those eyes as pure e-vil. "That was done. going up The crazy and non-stop idea of ​​a killer that will not stop to get what he wants. And what he wants here is to kill Laurie No one knows why he wanted to kill her, but he did it (Halloween II continues to tell the story well). <br /> <br /> What the carpenters do here gets scare scores, amazing lighting techniques. Scared and wrote and directed The masterpiece that is a tight walk of horror. There is one scene that needs to be explained. And that is the scene that Annie is traveling to pick up Paul She went to the car and tried to open it. Then she realized that she had left the key in the house. She brought them back and accidentally opened the car door without using the key. The audience accepted this, but she didn't. She was thinking about Paul. When she sat down, she noticed that the window was thick. She was baffled and began to wipe the mist, then hit Myers from the back seat. This is a great scene because of the attention to detail. We know what happened and Annie couldn't. But the clever observations that the carpenter made scared from the movie-goers in 1978 and elsewhere. <br /> <br /> Halloween uses the blurry images of the murderers standing in the back. Was ominously gliding across the walls of dark rooms, eerie music and haunting horrifying stories told by Donald Pleasance and intimidating the killer. My advice for filmmakers in our time is to study Halloween. It should be a blue print for every scary movie. Finally, Carpenter, according to Hitchcock's steps, perhaps the director should follow him. <br /> <br /> Halloween embodies everything that scares us. If you're bored with unconscious horror movies that don't know the difference between evil and cute Halloween, it's a movie that should be watched. It will not let you down. I enjoy being scared. I don't know why, but I do. But nothing makes me scared in the 90s except for one movie (Wes Craven's Last Night Craven). If you enjoy scary creatures, Halloween is what you should see. And if you have seen it hundreds of times, go back and watch the movie Urban Legend Urban Legend. You will be fascinated by the beautiful face in the movie. Halloween will make you feel scared with fear, stuck in your seat, don't want to move. Now tell me which horror movie you want to see. <br /> <br /> Follow after seeing the version of Zombie. It makes you more impressed. This is a classic, according to the definition of Zombie. His version of the order has been issued. But it didn't take the intelligence of this game away.
