Watching the fire and ice for the first time reminded me of the experience seen 300 years ago. It is not a bad movie, not unusual. But there are plans and interactions that are the best and confusing and the worst in one dimension (Which may be based on Frank Miller's comic book But the main strengths came from the fierce fighting and bloody fighting and the 14-year-old feeling of watching muscular men in a blood-led fight. With occasional strange creatures or extremely hot women, as I might see fire and ice again 300 times again. - Except for this time, usually it is Frank Frazetta, an embarrassing artist and a countless paperback and comic designer collaborating with director Ralph Bakshi in an unusual Hollywood fare. But what the fans die hard <br /> <br /> This means that for the audience today to go back to check the movie for the first time. (Now may be greedy The nostalgia for those who are young and watching along with the tape of the Master of the VHS universe that day) is a possible disadvantage mentioned earlier, and maybe you can see something that is not unique. Fire and Ice can't. It is only a rotation feature of Bakshi, but it may be the best liquid - if not my personal favorite - a few that he did and he and his team created Lo Remarkable Coming out of this wonderful world and part in the Middle Ages and all touching the painter's hand about the sky background and the area There is a slight disadvantage for Bakshi fans. In this aspect of the character design, Bakshi goes as far as to say that it is Frazetta more than him. This may be true. But it doesn't make the eye absorb or want to be curious anymore when we don't see people being killed or regretted in a fast or slow motion (My favorite is the temporal skeleton - the guideline - they rotoscoped that surprised me) <br /> <br /> I neglected to explain the plot because it really beat the purpose of introducing it. If you are a fanatic in this style and method of movement, then the plot will depend on the battle of the two sides or the 'girl' or the princess is in danger or the hero must prove himself or not. Yada Yada It's enough to say that it's about okay, fire and ice, with characters named Nekron and Darkwolf (the coolest man in the lotteries and comic books that appear the most) and Teegra (the hottest, almost perfect for male teenagers). Fantasy stuff) What a plot made as an asset permits a set of cliffhangers and a bit of suspense around the action, the progress of danger in the upcoming big fight. When a startup like ogres are hunted and Teegra must fight raging monster suddenly. And creatures emerge from trees and lakes And as usual for Bakshi, he invented some madness (If not his usual inspired madness) amid this straightforward fantasy content If you have ever seen a wizard, you will understand what I mean at a lesser level. <br /> <br /> So if you are an animator, find this immediately for 'Old School' (eg 1980). Actions and designs are amazing for others. It is ... well, bad as I say without errors about logical extensions in the 21st century that changed 300. at
