Blockbuster at the time of the first launch (It is the second highest grossing film of 1976). The third version of A STAR IS BORN always breaks critics and fans. The film is open to nasty negative comments. But the image of a budget of US $ 5.6 million has surpassed the box office of more than $ 150 million and received an Oscar and five golden globes. It is not ridiculous that Streisand's most commercially successful films will still be her most controversial for every ten fans, stating that STAR is Streisand's best movie. There are ten more people. That claims to be the weakest movie in her film work Although both sides have certain advantages to support their demands But should also be noted that seventy years of age in the movie A STAR IS BORN is still one of the most exciting and exciting drakes that Hollywood has ever created For my money, it is the best version of the tale that is often told. <br /> <br /> The film is fun and absorbs well. Changing the setting from the old Hollywood studio system to the competitive world of the music industry is a really good idea and the screenplay makes a real difference between the love of the character. With their careers This is the main area where the A STAR IS BORN version 1976 is more than the previous model. For example, this film was particularly successful when showing personal and professional difficulties during an endless recording and phone call that interrupted the process. Try to compose the song of Kristofferson The story in this version also believes in the image of the lead character as well. For example, women leaders in previous generations both had virtue and sacrificed themselves until they came out as saints. On the other hand, Esther, the female leader in this generation, not only But shows strength and passion But there are still flaws and conflicts This makes her feel "real" more than the character Janet Gaynor or Judy Garland, who feels in the previous movie and makes the story more effective. <br /> <br /> All performances go on target, although some people The supporting characters are not enough. If you are looking for an actor / singer who can walk along the line between strength and weakness without making yourself look like writing a play, Streisand is definitely the woman you want. She is one of the few movie stars that can create a dialogue that looks boring and natural, and as usual, she can create a strong emotional relationship with the audience. In simple terms, Esther is a three-dimensional human being. Fully Kris Kristofferson May not receive much respect at this time for his relaxed character. However, he always looks interesting and shows a magnetic talent here, which he rarely shows elsewhere in his career. Kristofferson Has been greatly appreciated at the time from NEWSWEEK, TIME and even Pauline Kael, a New Yorker, often a villain. Gary Busey and Paul Mazursky also gave a credible performance. But both have quite a bit of time on screen. <br /> <br /> The recording of this film was a huge success, ranking # 1 on Billboard's Hot 200 and selling more. Four million copies in the United States alone "Evergreen" comprising Streisand (with lyrics from Paul Williams) is one of the most beautiful songs in contemporary, undeniable pop, which brings a greater life by acting. Unsurpassed sound from Streisand, the original soundtrack of the rest of the movie. (Mostly composed by Williams and Rupert Holmes) was quite good as well, and Streisand sounded great - her solo numbers remained in memory for a long time after other films Faded away. Streisand's bustling performance brought "Woman In The Moon" and "With One More Look You" for an exciting life and made even more interesting numbers like "Queen Bee" work better than those He has the right Single number of Kristofferson It sounds rather unclear. However, that may be the intention since he played as a singer in degeneration. <br /> <br /> Even though it is dated naturally in some aspects (Of course, reflecting the decade it was created) Seventy people born in A STAR IS BORN are still remarkable. This film has been well-equipped and has a smooth production. The chemistry between Lead has tremendous power and gives a real feeling, and Streisand has two emotional scenes near the final scene of a powerful scene. Concluded that the star of happiness is not only But only for entertainment and movement But still above all criticism
