Thirty years after the first release, the third version of "A Star Is Born" finally came to the DVD in a package that should please Barbra Streisand's most dedicated fans. That will include me since I just saw her in the concert. Singing among other numbers, the popular female song "Woman in the Moon" from the 1976 film Easy to Stop The Polarity of this film is a sturdy stack of ancient groups in Hollywood with In a variety of other films, including Streisand's "funny girl", this time being reset to a contemporary music scene, plot by time, follow the rock star who destroys his self in the deep diving career of He, just as he met the singer of Esther Hoffman's club, who was waiting for a big break. <br /> <Their courting dog problems from the beginning were John Norman. (Both names please) respond to catching fans and bloody DJs with random acts of violence. (In which he escaped mysteriously explaining) for John Norman Esther, showing his final shot with joy and vice versa. She was attracted to musicians who were Creative and creative under the front of the building In the most pivotal scene of the movie, he gave Esther a big break in the concert, her interests and career began. Inevitably, he could not handle the failures of his career in terms of her meteorological achievements, and if you are familiar with this in any version, you know the rest. Directed by Frank Pearson (Although Streisand's explicit acting ability), this movie still attracted me even though I knew it was invented and distorted. It still has some emotional resonance, despite many shortcomings. <br /> <br /> Although Streisand in her prime seems to be the best choice to play as a young singer. But her screen personality is too strong. Likewise, it can be said that her acting style looks like a script that will help the material that emphasizes contemporary, mature, smoother than her, has been recognized in the world of rock stage. From the moment she appeared, while she was in the middle of Oreos, she couldn't help. I can forgive the transgression just because she is an unrivaled singer. But what makes her less forgiving is the way she makes Esther feel more nervous than the pain when John Norman is suffering. This caused an incredibly untrustworthy dynamic in the final part of the film when it became a story about what caused the peak of the event to be less than Esther's answer. This was covered by the continuous closing of her eight-minute performance, which was excellent, except when she mimicked the style of John Norman at the end. <br /> <br /> Kristofferson Is a great work Throughout the level of integrity management that made this film and made him feel the love, pride and resentment of Esther at the same time He made the vodka soaking on the stage, roaring in this context. Otherwise, what surprised me about this version is that all the supporting characters were relegated to the background as if they had no identity unless they interacted with the two executives. The only registered person is Paul Mazursky, the chief manager of John Norman Brian and Gary Busey. Bobbie is his cynical band manager. Veteran photographer Robert Surtees presented an extremely impressive film, although the level of roughness remained in the publication. The big sellers today, the soundtrack are a mix of different styles from the 1970s - some songs are still quite good ("everything", "Woman in the Moon", "Watch Closely Now"), Bang The song moved to the worthless "Queen Bee", Kenny Loggins' "I Believe in Love") and of course "Evergreen" that is inevitable. <br /> <br /> Transfer printing on the DVD of the year. 2006 was clean and sound was clear. Thank you digitally. Remastering Streisand's participation is a major temptation of the extraordinary. Users begin by commenting on her features. She provides insightful information about the origin of the film, casting and problematic production. She also revealed the freshness of megalomania by Jon Peters, her hairdresser fan who became a filmmaker and she was not satisfied with Pierson as a director. I just hope she will be able to comment on additional scenes that are directly related to what is on the screen. She also has a tendency to repeatedly talk about small things, when emotions affect her. For example, listening to the third time that the person playing the driver is a friend of Peters. I think having a second critic can pull other nuggets out of her. <br /> <br /> There is a wardrobe test that shows that the clothes in the 1970s were amusing, especially the poncho. Mix of Kristofferson And orange polyester shirt There are also twelve deleted scenes included in Streisand's additional explanations. One of them is the cartoon baked bread scene which reminds me that I like Streisand in a very funny comedy. Another scene is a long scene where she plays the role. "Evergreen" on the guitar in front of Kristofferson Terrifying The most interesting thing is the choice in a musical that has a quick cut which I agree with Streisand should be used. Striving for a drama trailer for all three versions of "A Star Is Born".
