Don't understand me wrong. "GoldenEye" is a revolution and is the best FPS game that is based on the 007 franchise. But the series fell into the FPS channel. Enter "everything or nothing" which makes the person The third is the third person When I wrote the previous review for "From Russia With Love", I finished the FRWL and just started EON and judged EON severely. Although FRWL is outstanding in terms of nostalgia and capturing the essence of Fran. Movie franchises, but EON is superior in depth control and variety of games. The mission ranges from standard running and shooting to driving an SUV. Drive Aston Martin, drive a limousine that connects to blow two different types of tanks, namely la "GoldenEye". Ride a motorcycle, fly a fighter helicopter. The shaft that is protected by laser, tripwires and dropped after the girl dives down Of course, vehicle control is quite awkward. But the problem here is diversity. <br /> <br /> As an adaptation of the movie "GoldenEye" and FRWL is what I expected. But the original story of EON enhances the feeling of controlling James Bond's adventures. This has been helped by the impressive cast list of Willem DeFoe, Shannon, Elizabeth Heidi Klum and Misaki Ito, Judi Dench and John Cleese. Replenish their film roles as M and Q, respectively, and Pierce Brosnan while without Sean Connery add credibility to the game's operation. All the characters are like stars, with the disappointing exceptions of Heidi Klum, who is a model in the game, does not judge the model in real life. Mya songs are in the same level as the title song. Some songs <br /> <br /> This game also plays a tribute to the old Bond movie. Willem's character DeFoe is a former colleague of Christopher Walken's baddie from "A View to a Kill". Richard Kiel appears. The Jaws is the follower Has been dubbed by "The Spy Who Loved Me" and "Moonraker" in the three battle scenes, the first scene and the best scene to receive in the same style is the fight in the movie <br /> <gameplay Most single players consist of a standard foot mission as a bond. Like Bond, you can choose whether to use stealth or go out with a noticeable gun. Such games provide many opportunities to take advantage of stealth, along with many walls and objects. Unfortunately, unlike the one-button FRWL in the EON that controls both squat and wall mounting, Bond may end up squatting when he should look around one corner and vice versa. This game also allows players to enter the "Bond reflex" mode. As you browse your inventory, everything around you will go into the ultimate knowledge, allowing you to analyze objects around you that can interact. While this eventually brings familiarity, this mode will help you show "Exciting Bond Time", such as shooting a chandelier to separate the four balls underneath and adding to the feeling of a very Bond movie. <br /> <There are 3 difficulty levels: Operative, Agent and Double Oh in the procedure. You can pass quickly in a matter of hours. In the agent for a few weeks When double Oh, a few months Difficulty levels can be changed for each mission. Collecting high scores on missions will unlock gold and platinum awards and effects properties such as vehicle upgrades and skimpy dresses that girls wear in bond suits. Some missions may cause a lot of frustration due to lack of checkpoints. But when everyone speaks and makes a mission, there is no scene in the single action scene in the Bond movie. <br /> <br /> Many players are disappointing. Not exciting. "GoldenEye" still has the best multiplayer mode for any Bond game. EON's main players are cooperative campaign modes that allow players to be responsible for MI6, fewer agents in less important missions. Of bond More standard third-party death matching can be unlocked from this mode. But the single player mode is the most complete bond experience to date. The ending, like most Bond games, reduces the weakness. While the final mission is one of the worst games, the final confrontation with the villains is disappointing. In addition, the level that requires fast bonding is a matter of trial and error. Still, for the big fan of Bond who didn't play this game, it would have to be lost in one of the Bond movies.
