I'm a big fan of Say Anything, Jerry Maguire and almost famous. (I'm not big in Singles) So it's safe to say that I hope to get everything Cameron Crowe attaches to his name. I went to see Vanilla Sky, being told that it was a very strange movie, and I might not like it if I expect anything similar to Crowe's other movies. When I just saw it, let me say that the past is right and the latter is no more wrong than this. It was a very strange movie and nothing came together until the end. Anyone who tells you that they see that entering the half-way movie is a lie to you or cannot separate the look back from their memories. However, this movie is a star and I hope to own it as soon as the DVD is released. I was impressed with this film and felt the feeling of spending at the end. This is an experience that will draw human emotions out of the audience if viewers allow him / her to enter the story. In the movie theater where I watched movies, there were a few people who followed the movie clearly and felt bored when they found that they couldn't go back into the story. I'm sure other people lack the ability to follow this movie. I do not mean to be vaunted. But some people were cut out for the movies Seagal, Chan, Van Damme and this is a genre that may not enjoy this movie. It's about the brain, so you have to prepare yourself for two hours as well as bad thoughts. After that <br /> <br /> As far as comparing this film to other Crowe movies, it's similar. That much At least one story in the movie Crowe, all the soundtrack is their own character. This is almost certainly because Crowe has a long musical relationship that everyone who has seen the famous name almost knew and his marriage to Hartstar Nancy Wilson. It is worthwhile to know that there is a clear chemical reaction between Tom Cruise's performances and Crowe's directing, making this film familiar to everyone who has seen Jerry Maguire. In my opinion, that's not a bad thing. <br /> <br /> However, if I had to compare this movie to another movie, I would say this: If you like David Fincher's game, you will almost Certainly a fan of Vanilla Sky
