The human mind is so strange. The center of this activity, where the perception of reality takes place and is kept and in the view of people around the world about the finely tuned work of the brain, the most delicate and complex processing of everything. And how much we know that it is a work within its depth or ability What is the heart that helps us distinguish between truth and dreams? Or we can Perhaps our feelings in reality may not be just the impression of what we actually see, such as watching Monet's paintings, which the sky of his vision of vanilla becomes our truth. It was the concept that filmmakers Cameron Crowe visited in a creative and conscious movie called 'Vanilla Sky', starring Tom Cruise and Penelope Cruz at the age of thirty-three years. David Aames (Cruise) Inherited the publishing kingdom that his father inherited However, his control of fifty-one percent of the benefits made him a marked person because there were seven members on the board of directors and each saw himself more valuable than Mr Aames. The fire for dissatisfaction is their perception that David lacks interest in the job he wants. <br /> <br /> Accept that David likes to play. Still, he controlled the business and did what he saw fit. (Whether it is a board (He refers to them as "Seven dwarfs") Like it or not, and no one dares to challenge him directly. But at the luxurious birthday party in his honor, one of the firm's lawyers, Thomas Tipp (Timothy Spell), warns David that the seven are based on his back. However, at that time it was the last thing in David's heart. He has a friendly relationship with a friend, Julie Gianni. (Cameron Diaz) but then moved to the back burner when he met a woman at his party that he couldn't get out of his heart. Her name is Sofia. (Penelope Cruz) and after knowing her only one night, she became an important part of his life - which was going upside down, as in the morning after his party decided. Changed his life forever And he is going to learn that sometimes there is no way to go back. <br /> <br /> Director Cameron Crowe invented and delivered more than any other movie in this film. More than one movie, `Vanilla Sky 'is the actual vision. Beginning with the first image that appears on the screen, he presents a visually appealing experience that affects both the brain and the brain. It's a mysterious puzzle that will swallow you and sweep you away. Emotions are urgent - and it may make you exhausted because of the effort to stay with it. But it's worth it Think of souvenirs, along with soundtracks, rock and roll, and the raids of colors received from Impressionist brushes. There is darkness and light and sound that smashes and drives until you feel the blood that flows through your veins and shakes in your brain. And everyone was playing in the landscape of virtual reality that circled underneath which expanded the vanilla sky In simple terms, this is a real journey. It's exciting - and it's a vicious idea. <br /> <br /> For the performance here, those who can't get through the minds of Tom Cruise as a maverick in 'Top Gun' Or his Ethan Hunt in `Mission Impossible 'or those who recognize that he is a movie star. Instead of being an actor, he must think again in terms of his work here. One of the best in his career Should investigate any doubts about his abilities as an actor at the door. He has chosen an interesting career a few years ago with movies like 'Magnolia' and 'Eyes Wide Shut'. It's just a warm up for the true and complex characters he created here. And also give him credit for taking any role that makes him feel ridiculous. This is a cruise that you have never seen before. `Jerry Maguire 'gave him an Academy Award nomination and This should also be received, including admiration and appreciation from his colleagues. Cruise not only But only in this movie, he still stands out. <br /> <br /> Penelope Cruz turns out to be an outstanding performer, if not performing as well as Sophia, David's dream woman. There is an attractive innocence that she brings to this role that works well with her character and makes her reach and reach easily. But she has no mystery that may add special things to the part But Crow knows how to get rid of the best things for his actors and he does it with Cruz. <br /> <br /> He also knows what he's doing with Cameron Diaz. Which plays a huge role in Julie's role She doesn't look better and makes a loud noise on the screen, but don't make mistakes. "Window decoration" and Diaz offer the perfect package with this character. The quality of her performance can be measured in the reality of the effects she has done, with screen time being quite limited and the person she blends perfectly with the beauty that comes. Her birth, which made Julie not forget Overall, it's a great job by Diaz <br /> <br /> The supporting actors are Kurt Russell (Dr. McCabe), Jason Lee (Brian), Johnny Galecki (Peter), Armand Schultz (Dr. Pomerantz). , Noah Taylor (Ed), Mel Thompson (`LE 'Man), Jean Carol (a woman in New York) and John Fedevich (Silent Ed) about halfway, you may question your own reality. But can be trusted at the end of `Vanilla Skye ', all will be revealed It is indeed a dangerous and absolute course. But this is an exciting entertainment that provides a satisfying and unique experience. You have to believe. It is an important and perfect magic of the movie 10/10. <br /> <br />
