In an attempt to raise money from the success of Universal's horror movie, Majestic Pictures hired many popular actors from the current genre and placed it in a nearby (true) effort. With good With this, it's still worth everyone's time and it's fun to watch, and in my opinion it's better than anything that should be scary today! The story takes place in the small town of Klineschloss in Germany, where the body has accumulated blood and has a suspicious puncture. Burgermister Gustave Schoen (Lionel Belmore) shouted "It's a vampire" but the local police chief, Carl Brett Schender (Melvin Douglas) thought it was a responsible madman and he vowed to catch him. <br /> <br /> ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** Burgermeister And most townspeople think that the people of Hook Glieb (Dwight Frye) who love bats and talk to them often are what they are looking for and they chase him until he dies in the cave. The killing is Dr. Otto von Niemann (Lionel Atwill), the creator of a new type of blood-sucking tissue mass, and he succeeds by controlling Emil's mind (Robert Frazer), who goes out at night to collect blood. Dr. Otto has a beautiful assistant named Ruth Bertin (Fay Wray) and annoying aunt named Gussie (Maude Eburne), but they don't know what they do. But Carl finally wondered when the murder occurred after Herman died. <br /> Frank R. Strayer was never confused with being James Whale, but he was a talented director who ended. Down with directing the movie "Blondie", mostly in the series and the film, he uses the same scene from "The Dark Dark House", which was filmed at Universal. But it is impossible to resist the movie with such actors, including Frye, who acts his Renfield quite pretty at this time, where he befriends the bat They in his pocket for safety! One thing that is not reasonable is the mind control that Dr. Otto has continued with Emil because the film never explained this and I felt this was a nod. "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari "But on the other hand, may be just the weakest part of the script. There are a few other snippets that I noticed, including Fry's chase to the big cave, which is clearly the first shot of the infamous Bronson Canyon, which other films have been created. And Wray's brown hair, which is her true color True horror fans will love this thing more than others, but I think this is a fun movie for everyone and an interesting actor because it's worth watching.
