This is one of the most evaluated masterpieces of all time. In my opinion, it stimulates funny and sad thoughts with amazing performances around you! All the characters are great and the story is great !, including Jodi Foster and Cherry Kerry are great in this story! The Ending is very powerful. But I won't destroy it for you and I think the character development is great! And you can relate to all the characters, especially Jeanie and Annie, because you will take root for them I like it moving slowly and giving you the opportunity to know all the characters and related things. I can't believe that it's only 5.9 rank here because it should be higher in my opinion and it's funny to see Randy Quaid in this role, plus writing and doing well as well. One scene that really came to me was when Madge (Marilyn Kagen), her mother, was very embarrassed to have a party and this movie also had a surprising time! This is one of the most evaluated masterpieces of all time. (In my opinion) The idea is provocative, funny and sad, with amazing performances around me and I said to see it right away! That direction is wonderful! Adrian Lyne works great here with a great camera and makes this film fast! The performance is great! Jodie Foster is really cute and amazing as always! She is a very cute person, very attentive, has a cute character, violent in some scenes, focused and she and Cherie Currie are at the heart of this film, such as (Foster's Law !!!!!!! ) Cherie Currie is very hot and amazing. I feel very sorry about her character because she has a very satisfying character that needs help. She gives a powerful performance and creates a very memorable character. Amazing Big! Scott Baio is great because Brad is a fan of his work and he likes me. I like him. Randy Quaid is fantastic in his serious role. Surprisingly, I like him. I like you very much. Marilyn Kagan and Kandice Stroh are both very good, like Madge and Deirdre and do what they have to do as well as the other two friends. Laura Dern has a role from the beginning here because it's great to meet her. But not much of a role The rest of the actors do well. Overall, to watch immediately, it's an underrated masterpiece! ***** from 5
