Basically the same movie as "House of Wax" - Vincent Price's first horror movie, released last year - but serious about those who are interested because "The Magic Magician" offers exciting excitement. D, excellent performances and terrifying horror features as before! "Do not change the winning team" is something that the writer Crane Wilbur had to think of when he wrote the screenplay of Don Gallico, who is the character of Price. Show his first magician as a Gallico the Great and plan to show the greatest magic in history. "The Girl and the Buzz Saw" The promising solo career of Gallico will be destroyed suddenly before. It began when his former employer, Ross Ormond, appeared on stage and pushed the contract under his nose, stating that all Gallico's inventions were the correct property of the Ormond company that was lazy and did not stop his wife. Gallico's beloved had robbed a beloved wife once, with the murmuring of the trick and the show of the great competitors of The Great Rinaldi of Gallico. Inevitably, Gallico snaps and orch looks violently. Ormond, but? Still a master of creating disguises? Rebuild the image of the victim and start living twice as "The Mad Magician" is an amusing and unpretentious horror movie in the 50s in Grand Guignol style. With many improbable plans (The landowner became a great crime fiction writer?) Obviously they are still guiding for the majority) 3D happiness near the beginning of the movie, such as yo-yo players and stupid tips with water fountains Just acting as a full time and contemporary 50's, but still fun to watch, even now, and there is no way. To see them appropriately "Crazy Mages" is interesting from the point of view of the setting periodically, since the events that occurred during the time when fingerprints were used as evidence and the character of Alice Pristis is evidence. Needless to say that Vincent Price is still the most important element of the victory in this film and from almost all other horror films that this legendary man has ever shown. In this film, there are no other actors who can do it successfully. More and more into the mental madness in an indescribable manner. You pity Don Gallico, but at the same time you are very afraid of him. You support his vile actions in retaliation and at the same time you know that his murderous rampage must end with death. Vincent Price is a genius actor and in my humble opinion the embodiment of horror genre.
