I will not lie, although it looks interesting, but I watched The Notorious Bettie Page because I heard (And it is quite clear, just watching the conclusion or anything related to the movie) Gretchen Mole is naked in there I've never been a Mol fan but I can't resist seeing an attractive woman take off her clothes. Yes, it may be distorted. But it's a theme and center that fits the core of the movie and helps make this film stronger than it should be. <br /> <br /> This movie is in the Bettie Page (Mol). Life from the date of sexual assault And her sex as a child in a high school in the south and into her new life in New York She wants to be an actor But she had to pay the cost too After photographing a few innocent images on the local beach, the page becomes a kind of feeling and gradually leaps from photos that are directed to the sex pin-up photos. I felt the shortness of this film. Over ninety minutes) is both a curse and a greeting. On the one hand, this film was never welcome. You will get to know the page within a few minutes. Then it will go into her modeling career and not look back. But it also curses movies because we never get the chance to understand everything that happens She just jumped between the modeling and arguing that they created before jumping into the important Senate investigation, which had to use the very last scene of the film. You just sit there and try to absorb everything and others come to you. It feels like the filmmakers want to summarize too much content in the short film. It pleads for a longer sequence and will be more for a longer explanation. It doesn't feel hurry. It doesn't feel like there is. <br /> <br /> A little more dark, even though the curiosity is using color throughout the movie. Mostly black and white But often splashes and color sequences occur But while this may have been a symbolic gesture at the beginning, it became a distraction because it would appear continuously later before cutting back to black and white. It creates confusion and becomes a tedious disturbance than anything else while the movie proceeds. <br /> <br /> While it may go wrong with action In front of those who I know little to nothing about being played innocently and your world is the same. Saving for a shady character in her teens, everyone she meets is innocent and everything she does is innocent. I never thought that I would look at the full front nakedness that was something other than vulgar and impolite. But here it is truly surprising. All at once, it's beautiful and innocent Even the most distorted moments in the movie (Although tame when compared to today's standards) still has an innocent and angelic feeling There is something about the way in which Mol's naked body shows that it hits a different chord than the naked body in other movies. It feels very natural and surprising if there is any reason to watch a movie. It will be a dramatic picture of Mol's body while she plays Bettie Page. <br /> <br /> The other reason is Mol herself, as a face, she is a role model that everyone in the southern part of the 1950s Belle everyone knows. (Or at least able to imagine) despite having her career, she is still a normal person and still sees herself as a religious person. Mol plays her in the right amount of clean, squeaky sound that is needed to Make this character feel the truth since 1950. She plays her with the fact that you won't be hard to think Mol is a Bettie Page by yourself. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Show that support There is very little time to do so. Completely obscured Mol's great performance. Nobody did anything special and nobody had any strength in their role, just as Mol did. This is not an actor's fault. But it's true that they don't have a lot of work Many people are completely remembered, such as Oscar nominee David Strathairn. (In a role similar to one of his better performances) Sarah Paulson (the latest Golden Globe nominee for Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip) Taylor, but you will be hard to put on the show Of them in other ways than okay These characters are not really developed, and they stand as the characters that Mole runs around as she picks up steam from her great performances. <br /> <br /> Actually, this movie is useful for drawing. Of nudity and for the great performance of Gretchen Mol in Bettie Page. Everything else is more confusing and awkward than it should be If there is more development to develop supporting characters and not just But exploding in the story only, this movie is probably a much better biography It's just a vehicle for Mol that will be very popular as an actor. <br /> <br /> 7/10
