The famous BETTIE page written by Mary Harron & Guinevere Turner directed by Mary Harron. <br /> <br /> How do you define the person between the two worlds, one of the presumed sins and one of redemption? Especially when that person succumbed to a separate personality disorder in her later years as if showing her point. If you are the director Mary Harron, you will not be embarrassed to show the pushing / pulling style of the famous THE BORTIE PAGE. You allow the characters to float between forgiveness, healing of God's power and the church and The enchanting illusion of control and dominance on her page over the years By doing so, the audience will be presented with a complex character that drives forward with the desire to leave her difficult past with innocent fun in the sexual desire of others for her. And struggling to create her image Come at the right time. It doesn't matter how many eyes you have, because only one pair counts. <br /> <br /> Shot mostly in black and white. BETTIE PAGE is a humorous humor. Making this movie an enjoyable experience and a fun movie for people who believe in pornography corruption But the director's delicate hand felt more clear in the face of despair. Harron was a sensitive and generous director who didn't throw a lot of abuse in front of the audience. But she allowed the Gretchel Mall to be surprisingly powerful with a character role, an opportunity to hammer the pain of her character into the audience with fear in her eyes. Yong and shame on her skin While most directors may be male directors, most will find it important to show the heroine in a painful position in order to draw the link between the cruelty that was brought to her. And her life Her character, actress and her audience From the fragility of the page, learn to trust people again, and when the photographer falls in love with her image more and more, she falls in love with her admiration and control over her eyes. By the time she poses to the soft S&M kingdom, she has found a way to blend her needs with the objections she is familiar with in her whole life. <br /> <br /> Mary Hard Ron Betty Page is a woman who dreams of controlling her life and destiny. But in the end, there were people who said how to stand, smile and how to wear it. When she finally realized that without her own choice, she chose to embrace God and announce his words to those who would listen. The true sadness behind this most important decision is that she still lets others lead her randomly. She has more faith that this direction is better for her soul.
