Jodie Foster, Cherie Currie (former lead singer of the rock group, a seminary girl, all of whom are homeless in the debut show), Marilyn Kagan and Kandice Stroh have faith like Remarkable - Acknowledging a group of young people with serious problems with negligence, not caring for parents who are obsessed with themselves, trying their best to grow and fight for themselves in the suburbs of San Fernando Valley. Wealthy California Girls are forced to make serious decisions about sex, drugs, alcohol, commitment and others in their youth when they are not fully prepared to own the results of such decisions. Foster, one of those who perceived her most impacted and underrated day performances, in general, the mother of the group who presided over the well-being of both herself and others She is particularly concerned about the good heart, but Currie is reckless and self-destructive, in which a hedonistic, negligent lifestyle makes her more likely to find an unfinished end. <br /> <br /> This image has a picture Painful and reliable Absorbing a thorough examination of the unusual, broken family that lies beneath the subtle decorative surfaces of the suburbs and the tragic net results of these families: difficulty, flexibility But not happy and fragile that must be faced with trials and tribulations The parents are not too considerate or even do not really exist. Adrian ("Fatal Attraction," "Jacob's Ladder") Lyne's direction is strong and observant, while Gerald Ayres's script is quite busy and travel. But overall it remains accurate in tenderness, courage, and dishonesty. Chaotic in everyday life, arbitrary and unpredictable The movie in Leon Bijou's soft and glamorous cinemas demonstrates the calm and naive feeling that is delicate and easy. Giorgio Moroder produces an excellent score that makes the use of "On the Radio" elegant. Donna Summer is particularly effective. Best performers include Sally Kellerman as an insecure, unsatisfied neurologist, insulting mother, Scott Baio as a sweet skateboarding friend, Randy Quaid, as an ex-Kagan singer. 1960s British pop, Smith as Kagan's mother, holding his breath to protect Appearing for a short time, Robert Romanus (Mike Damone "Fast Times at Richmont High") is one of Morphus' ex-boyfriends and ungrateful fans. Laura Dern wears braces as a formidable party. Genuine truth, determination and profound movement (Kerry's most terrifying fate is a heart-breaking story) "Foxes" is just one of the most admired teen movies in the early 80s.
