... but the distance of the film's audience may generally vary in the style of "American Psycho" of Harron, which looks like an American sexual style that looks through the immortal Queen of Curves lens. Bettie Page <br / > <br /> I will not be bored by reading the iconic status of Ms. Page, a suitable and suitable trainer from Nashville, Tennessee, who moved to New York in the hope of becoming an actor and ending with Rachin's slavery universe I will not run through the biological sketch plot of "The Notorious Bettie Page", although I will present the glorious technical aspects of the movie. (The order of the animation magazine covers the spring immediately to the heart) The use of the camera at an inappropriate time, even with the end I will not believe in enforcement at the right time with the theme of innocence and freedom distortion. And holy and secular control; They are there for the audience to absorb if they want. The more things change, the more they remain. <br /> <br /> The thing that I will walk for a moment is the great performance of Gret Tenmol as Bet. Hit the page The truth is that Mol's face seems to have nothing like Bettie's, and she has not created any special things like Bettie (although only stupid people will deny those beautiful breasts. She did not play a thick and thick bush sport that hides Ms. Page's most intimate charm. But the truth is that Mol also reflects Bettie Page's spirit thoroughly in all forms and styles. It is " Come back "of bravura from the semi-unreasonable ambiguity. I have never met Ms. Page (and sadly, it is not the most feasible) but I have eaten photos and videos and read all the history and interviews that are available. The Trading and opportunities and other end points and to be honest with Ms. Page since I first met her during her teenage years between the magazine cover, teasing dust at the barber shop with five and a dime. Mol captured the essence of women completely. When I thought of her, I didn't intend on what I thought was a worthy show. Oscar Liv Tyler couldn't match the moles that were outstanding in many periods. The past year and I am grateful that she left the project. Not that I could see her completely naked. I quickly added. But I cannot imagine that her brand will be translated to the pure cheer of Bettie Page. <br /> <br /> "The Notorious Bettie Page" is not for everyone except slavery and discipline. only I wonder if it will do better on the disc than in the cinema. Legions of dedicated fans and curious people will see that I can only hope that the DVD will be filled with Betty's special ability to show how well Mol's work is doing. <br /> <br /> In addition to the end of the hat to the actors Supported Especially Lili Taylor and Chris Bauer as Paula and Irving Klaw, whose famous photographic business is the gateway to Bettie's immortality. <br /> <br /> The last record for young writers with comments That Ms. Page does not affect his model Take a look at Madonna's conical bra and come back to us. Betty Page is whether you know the true godfather of the amulet. Without her, Madonna and her other relatives would not exist.
