The film can be a glass that looks at the world in a new perspective. For example, good night and good luck present a modern judgment without evidence and freedom. It's easier to examine moral issues when it's not too close to home: by putting it in the context of the character or history that has been removed from our current situation. With pornography, we think ourselves 'enlightened' and our ancestors are hidden from strange thoughts - usually associated with fire and sulfur. But the definition of obscenity can easily fall prey To become children and youth who commit crimes This film evolved from the important question that arose in her life, posing the difficulties involved today, dating back to 1950. <br /> <br /> Our film opens with two important scenes. For the first time, we saw men dressed up to look respectable in the bookstore with seeds. One of them asked for a picture of a woman in a strange and controlled boots - then became a police uniform that was sting. The second scene shows that Bettie Page is waiting to be called as a witness, looking as though she just came out of the church. <br /> <br /> The first 50 minutes are black and white. Old style movie effects such as wipes and fades add to the feeling that we are watching movies from the past year, as well as the courtesy of the newly created actors in the 1950s. Modern times and short conversations. The duration of the video archive is intercut - which will make a lot of people and create annoyance for others. In keeping with its theme, the movie is almost a collection of motion pictures and old clips of beautiful beaches and landmarks. Get along well with Bettie's classic postings. To the age 'Health and Nature' .. Although I admit that if you do not love the story, you may find that the effect changes a little. <br /> <br /> Soon we enter the story back. Betty escapes from the downturn in the past several years. His life in Nashville is alive with singing in the church and saving lives. After her first success, her modeling work is divided into two lines: a charming work that draws attention to her rainbow smile and photos. 'Expert's interest' that involves dressing in high heels In previous experiments (Remind the memories of the scene with Naomi Watts character in Malholland Drive - who called Betty). She gives a mood-filled performance that is different from the usual cheerful animation. (But ultimately, gentle) expression in the day Does her part still not achieve results? Betty was often rejected for screening when they knew she was a famous woman. But we were never asked to feel sorry for Betty Page: her inappropriate childhood was quickly referred to and skipped. When she was raped by the four girls in our house, seeing only the threat, Betty then recovered and survived, choosing himself in an abandoned desert and placing a brave face of someone who refused to sleep and die. <Br /> <br /> Although not naked But there are photos of Betty's special interest that eventually caused problems When we return to the court, the opinions of the priests who influence the destruction of such images are evidence. Psychologists say dictatorship that photographs lead to How does 'suicide, murder and psychosis' in children get exposed to them? (Assumed that it was not in order.) Eventually, the star witness explained that the life of his son came to an end as a result of the said image - 'was' tied up like that'. The message that came with Betty's photo in the magazine said she was forced to suffer 'terrible agonies' with fetish restraints. (The audience knew that she actually found them quite hilarious and speechless.) After waiting 12 hours, Bettie would tell her evidence - she was the one who can clearly state that she was not shot in pain - Will 'not need to' prove the horror of the photo. <br /> <br /> If all of this seems like the dark age that we left, consider the recent events (2003) that advertise Ann. Samsung It is said to be flat "for fashion and passion for stores near you" with a photo of a woman on the back. She wore a bra and thong and her hands were handcuffed behind the underwear company and sex toys aimed at female consumers. (And also supporting charitable organizations that use domestic violence) say that advertising is aimed at "To create sexual confidence for women and show that women are women We may conclude that the injustice and ignorance of Betty Page's investigation is still currency. <br /> <br /> Bettie's religious views are an important part of the story, just as the concept of sin is. Important components of Christianity The nature of sexual enjoyment is often prevalent in the United Kingdom and the United States - which is contrary to the factual methods found in Europe. It may be argued that the formula of sin and redemption and "Salvation" is also reflected in the prolonged breeding pattern of traditional male dominance. Friendly policeman (But with sexual aspirations) and Betty outside the courtroom offering to 'help' her out of loneliness The shining knight may be a knight. But considered women who need help <br /> <br /> love or hate the Notorious Bettie Page is an unusual and unusual movie and Moral awakened for those who listen to it. There is a great set of performances, and Gretchen Mol as Bettie is outstanding when the entire movie is successful or fails in her powerful performance.
