Although Bettie Page's Negro face will do well and shoot. But the best is the Cliffs Notes version of the Cliffs Notes biography. This film focuses on her work with Irving and Paula Claw, the brother and sister team that produced many of her most famous photos. It didn't detail her life after posing apart from her religious reincarnation. It refers to "The Real Bettie Page" by Richard Foster as a source of information. But it did not care Bettie's mental illness later and was imprisoned in a mental hospital The narrow focus of the biography can be debated, but Betty's fans and most "civilians" may be more interested in her modeling career, which is what they get. <br /> <br /> This film serves well, with Gretchen Mol creating a faithful Betty's image and conveying the sweetness that her photos show. This character played quite innocently, which was a by-product of the interview that Betty had received a few years ago. There is a greater chance that Bettie will recognize the nature of her photos. But rationalizing as an actor and costume. <br /> <br /> The supporting actors also stand out by Chris Bauer and Lili Taylor as Irving and Paula Klaw and David Strathairn as Estes Kefauver. The film has the character of John Willie, played by Jared Harris. John Willie never met Bettie Page and did not participate in the shooting with Klaws. Harris played a little Willie like Peter O'Toole in His dilapidated status <br /> <br /> Despite the quality of the show This film is quite disappointing in terms of depth. The story is quite rough and we have never felt that we really know Bettie. Just like her photo, it's just one picture. It tends to be a scandal of Bettie. Exaggerated, her photographs are mostly seen in and around New York in a narrow market of underground publications and culture. Her true reputation occurred after her photographs were reprinted in the late 70's and 80's, and the cult of Betty Page (when her name was spelled as normal) increased Bet's greatest revelation. Hit (Forgive the players) in Playboy, appearing in the January 1955 issue (Christmas images displayed in reverse movies). <br /> <br /> This film can be done very well if it's quite shallow. Will keep the attention until the end and show many good works It hits the peak of Bettie's life, but ignores many details that will make great depth. The ending is quite disappointing. Felt quite suddenly Even so, movies are worth watching from anyone interested in Bettie or even during the time. The great soundtrack draws viewers into the 1950s. If nothing else, this movie is something that shows America's sexuality and conflict with a strict past. It also looks at icons for both men and women.
