I like it ... just that ... I like it, unlike the animated series ... I love it !!! The fact that this attracts less attention is that we all try to compare and not appreciate. But this cartoon is great But it doesn't like much There are too many people talking about Bruce, but if about 5 years later, everyone in the gang fighting crime will get an angry and gloomy attitude. So for me it's not a flaw. Batgirl is a great person. She is really fit because there is no Dick Grayson like Robin. Batman needs a good teammate, unlike a new Robin. He's just a kid and you can't rely on children. more But this is something that doesn't work: new art ... it's not scary. But for me, it doesn't work in a series like Batman. This is a dark character with a crazy killer like a clown, so you can't put this type of art into this funny cartoon, not a bad design. But I still like the clown in the past (but for me Those who appear in Batman beyond: Return of the Joker) So this Joker is not close. The good thing about the clown is that it still marks Hamil's voice. My favorite character: Harley Quinn (I love you). They put a wonderful episode for you: crazy love. (For me, the best part of this series) We finally know how she turned to Harley Quinn and how the clown makes her mind distorted and it feels the atmosphere you feel. In a darker, more unhappy animated series How will it be in all series? But in general, I don't like the way you do Harley in this series ... in every episode they joke. But in a ridiculous way, she was punched. She was ridiculous. She made a flaw ... She was funny, in a way that you could laugh with her, not from you ... and here they put ridiculous (For example, I said only one episode that I didn't think it was in a mad love and beware of ivy.) In general, it was Good series. It has upside and downs. Drawing may be better. (MY GOOD !!! KILL is CATWOMAN !!!!) Great sound effects, good music, good sound and episode. Good: my favorites Old wounds, father's sins and comfort If you like Batman: TAS, you can watch it. But don't be too specific. On the other hand, if you don't see the TAS, look at this first and see the TAS in which you will love TAS: D.
