If you are not there, unfortunately, this movie will exceed your mercy. Which, as I said, is a shame because even though some performances are not professional But it is for the truth Let's face it - in real life, we don't say what is right or perfect, even when we need it. In this sense, it works. However, this did not apply to our "known" actors in this film, especially Jodie Foster. (Born by nature) The fact that 3 other girls are not successful, just add stories - Jody plays a glue that struggles to keep their friendship intact, despite the apparent death feeling. Means that no matter how close your friends are, eventually there are some people who disappear, no matter what you try. <br /> <br /> And that's the essence of the movie. Not about sex But about 4 women and their last time as a girl before they had to travel to the world alone. <br /> <br /> If you had had a friendship like that before Your life, you will feel this movie - it will mean a lot to you, no matter what era or era you grew up, we all know these women in school or at least know them. Everyone knows that half of the discouraged innocence wants to enter childhood and the other half wants to grow and think about doing it for her. We all know that boys who are crazy about fashion at the dressing table hide her fears in the world, afraid of accepting her. We all know that party girls, who are whispering about the matter, not just But her sad home life only And we all know "mother's figure", which is a little more real, more reasoned and less sad because she knows what will happen. Maybe you are one of those women. Maybe like me, you are one person at a time or another ... <br /> <br /> This film captures the fragile moments of life when wanting to put pressure on women in the world and childhood. lonely All embodied in the head of each woman, each factor on the cliff Which side do you participate in? Do you throw anything on the edge, whether you want to hold on? And say goodbye to all the pain you know? That is what this film - stepping into femininity while adhering to childhood and how difficult it is to continue walking. If you are there, you know ... and love this movie like I do. Aching and gentle Being a good looking woman
