As a low-budget organization whose filmmakers are producing and selling DVDs themselves, we may not expect too much from disk cracking. And the most amazing thing about all this success is the fact that this launch comes with a special enough to make James Cameron DVD and a good presentation. <br /> <br /> For The major mistake is the Broken that comes with non-anamorphic transfers, otherwise we will get the movie at the original ratio of 1.85: 1, indicating that there are no technical flaws and looks very good as it should be. Of course, when Ferrari's hands approach to bring this disc together, you can guarantee the truth as well. <br /> <br /> The same is true of the soundtrack. Here we have both DD2.0 and DD5.1 ​​remixed, and while I'm not sure what should be "real", the fact that Ferrari is involved in both means should not be seen. Of course, even though DD5.1 ​​may provide a more atmospheric viewing experience, because these two points are used equally and without technical flaws He looks at the sidebar. On the right side of the screen and you will notice many comments, loads of features and galleries. Of course, in such a way that everything is decomposed into small pieces instead of a long documentary. For example, the 'Anatomy of a Stunt' feature is what it claims to be and the same thing is the rest. As such, we have covered quite a lot of aspects of pre-production and post-production of Broken, and while it may be better to find them in the 'making' overall easier to digest in In this way, we will get access to any special features that we may want to see easily. <br /> <br /> From various things, so it may be just a comment that needs any discussion. The weather Users can be predicted for each track chats. People involved with the actors are too funny and do not get serious about movies. Ferrari parts are incredibly enthusiastic about the whole thing. And the technique is very good with techniques Of course, we also get a crossover with things that are covered elsewhere on the disc. But in just 19 minutes, there are no parts beyond their hospitality. In fact, in every special set that is good
