After the Snare's glory, it is unlikely that Hanzo's outing will be better and this is not a violation of expectations. But it is a good movie and between the fun and busy chapters And excellent seconds in terms of quality and general entertainment The screenplay comes from Yasuzo Masumura and has some genres with The Snare, including the hi-jinks of the Hanzo movie, but the film has a slight change about the formula by creating humor that drives the characters and gives the film. The edges reflect the light that is quieter. The film opens with the assistant Hanzos who are scared of ghosts and in general he immediately decides that he must have the erotic knowledge of this ghost. It turns out that ghosts are acting as guards for stolen coins and from this setting reveals the story of theft, corruption and benefits with violence and unexpected results. Shintaro Katsu is as wonderful as expected, as Hanzo accidentally is a fierce fighter and natural sexual power. He is good at times when he knows humor and is a normal gentleman during the drama Full of social consciousness and personal feelings The comedy that is expected to come out as well. During his time with "Snake" Magobei may be the most amusing story while interacting with his servants is as fun as before. Even though there is a delicate workload in good times But there are a few action scenes and daze But this movie has disappeared from a rather limited way, with shades of previous films, both planning, pace and intelligence, recalling The Snare, and when the film is intended to cause daze, it can be done. Very good, with the first question. Although director Yoshio Inoue will present a more laziness scene in experimental form, according to Kenji Mizumi's work that is not well managed in Sword of Justice, which sometimes results As well as a man The finger drawn from the rope is the most unknown thing for him. Hanzo plowed his wife and sometimes is quite weak, as well as the orgy that is reduced to a nude image of the psychedelic movements of the limbs that look. confused Nudity and bloodshed often look bad, which, unfortunately, although there are slightly stronger methods, both methods will work better. But it is one type of film that is naked and without violence that is worthless and merciless. But even though there are less useful products But this is also something that is thoroughly entertaining. But the predicted moments were created with self-confidence and over-planning and excitement It is a movie for real fans. Playing the work that was placed in the previous sector and working nicely if not excited about it. Overall, the satisfaction that is close to all, if there is a mild flaw, ends with a delightful ending, their second best, and worth watching for those who like things.
