According to "Goyôkiba", excellent (aka. "Hanzo The Razor - Sword of Justice", 1972) and a great sequel (And even the killer)) "Goyôkiba: Kamisori Hanzô jigoku zeme" (aka. "Razor 2: The Snare", 1973) "Goyôkiba: Oni no Hanzô yawahada koban" or "Razor 3: Who's Got The Gold" The third and final tragic part of the horrific fairy tale about Hanzo 'The Razor' that is not known. Hanzo 'The Razor' Ittami (played by Keng Shintarô Katsu) who fights his corruption Including his enormous sexual power As a fan of the 70s exploitation film produced in Nippon, "Sword Of Justice" became my favorite immediately, so I was more enthusiastic than finding the next scene and full of expectations. While the third version of "Hanzo" isn't quite as wonderful as it used to be. But it is another great movie that no one loves movie about Japanese exploitation. "Who's Got The Gold" is a movie that is ridiculed over two Hanzo movies mentioned earlier. But it was funny and wonderful humor and started out strange immediately: the film began when Hanzo's two assistants saw a female ghost when fishing Hanso insists that his assistants will take him to the scene by always wanting to sleep with ghosts, if it is not a good starting point for a great movie experience. What Shintaro Katsu, one of my favorite actors, was once again excellent in the role of Hanzo, a role that seems to have been written especially for him. Katsu IS Hanzo, a polite and fearless police who hates Corruption and insulting his bosses deliberately and with a unique investigation technique including suspects raping women A woman who interrogated more than immediately for him due to his sexual power and large penis, which he trained in more strange rituals. I will not give out anything more about the story in "Who's Got The Gold" but I can guarantee that it will be as cool as it sounds. Supporting performances are also good, and in previous versions there were many strange characters. This is a sad story that the final movie in the 'Hanzo' series looks awkward. If they do 20 more, I will watch them happily! All Hanzo series are excellent, and while the third part is somewhat inferior compared to its predecessors, it's not to be missed for those who love cult movies! Oh, I want them to create more sequels!
