L'Hypothèse du tableau volé / The assumption of stolen paintings (1979) began in the courtyard of the three-story apartment building in Paris. Inside, we met the The Collector, an elderly man who clearly dedicated his life to the study of the six colors that exist today in the Impressionist painter Tonnerre. The narrator recites various epigrams about art and painting, then joins in the dialogue with The Collector, who describes our paintings showing us the story of the painter and the scandal that disappointed him. Tell us that he will show us something ... <br /> <br /> When he walks through the door, we enter another world or many worlds, or it may extend to the possible world limits. Others collectors show us through his limitless house, including a large lawn full of trees and hills. Within these boundaries, all six paintings have come to life or halfway through their lives as they walk through us to various central tables and explain to us the possible meanings of each piece of painting by Total The scandal of people in the picture, writing novels that may have inspired the paintings and others, and others. Every room, every description, takes us into a deep labyrinth and while the Collector and The Narrator contributed Participate in a separate collection, sometimes talking about conversations. But most are separated and different. <br /> <br /> I watched this for the second time, so strange and powerful and inexplicable and challenging to think or write about. If I had to guess what it was all about, it would be a satire on the nature of artistic interpretation. The indicator that may be found in two of the most amusing and mysterious scenes is the scene in which The Collector collects images of plastic dolls that do not use sex - in the second image of that image, he also looks at the photographs of the sculptures that reflect the image in Tha - - Then he stepped through his collection, which now consists of the actual size of the figure. If we think a lot about this and don't just enjoy it, it becomes a whole faceless plastic ... <br /> <br /> No matter how clear I get the conclusion about "L'Hypothèse du tableau volé "Can I say for sure that apart from Peter Greenaway's (and contemporary) work in the beginning, like" A Walk Through H ", I almost never really attracted something that was very deep .. And that the heart is so mischievous and fun
