This project used to be considered a popular Japanese manga movie version. SlamDunk! And that is not a new thing for Jay Zhou, who launched his movie, playing as a fictional character from the wildly popular manga, Initial D along the way has decided to combine Kung Fu with the movie, so it is the name Although the idea It is not very traditional by Stephen Chow's Shaolin Soccer. Taking into account the martial arts and ball games together <br /> <br /> However, and thanks to those scenes that Kung Fu really influenced the game and in Kung Fu Dunk is not necessary because they do not add anything to the plot or add more excitement and most of them offer cheap laughs and think of the time when Stephen Chow used Kung Fu in football games. Jay Chou feels comfortable. in His role as a martial artist Fang Shi-jie is not the first time he fought using martial arts. (The curse of every golden flower?) And under the ability of Ching Siu-Tung, he was created. That will look really credible as he manages the countless gangsters in the bar as seen in the example just to let you know who the boss is. <br /> <br /> That's the reason why the characters of He is a kung fu trainer. The fact that he has an excuse for being a top shot can be worried from all angles, and with Eric Tsang, a little time businessman Chen-Li who sees his potential and becomes his agent. He joined the university to play basketball. But did not oppose the team of Captain Ting-wei (Chen Bo-Lin) and the star team Xiao-lan (Baron Chen in his big screen debut) but you know that with the team members in the same field not too long ago Combining their strengths as hostility on the basketball court <br /> <br /> And I will put my neck out to say that this movie is Basketball as if the goal is football. It makes the sport look good because of the charismatic character, despite being cool and relaxed on the field. Here, using special effects and wire work to make actors look like professionals who can be leaders in the NBA league, and in all honesty they look really amazing, especially when they imitate. Various dips Move thanks to technology and talent show Therefore, in reality, the kung fu element doesn't have to be in the movie. That ability can prove most of the movement because they are quite realistic to just let you suppress the belief that children with average height have springs on their feet to jump high for hand stoppers. Career> <br /> Unfortunately, only a few games are spent with many sub-plans. But each game was developed and thrown into and out of the story, as they were satisfied with things such as Shi-jie's desertion to use basketball games to allow his parents to participate in One day, the radical gangsters and the influence of the game and his love life with Charlene Choi in the role of another flower vase. Nothing more. Everyone was acting out too cool, allowing the main room to increase the depth of the main character. One of the main points here is to recognize the importance of teamwork rather than the abilities and abilities of individuals, and it may be brought out stronger if the players themselves interact more outside the court. Competitive games in addition to high passing and friendly. <br /> <br /> With a budget of 10 million US dollars, it's easy to see where the money goes - especially the large fantasy scenes. Important point in the movie It is quite flawless, looks good and may be justifiable for its quality. But again, I like to emphasize that even without those elements, basketball stuns must make myself still make this movie a good basketball movement. And having Jay Zhou play for your team is a great driving force for any hope of a successful box office.
