May be the best t.v series ever made The story is clever, and once all of your questions have been answered, only one episode will be added. There will be an additional 100 episodes. If lost, can proceed in a beautiful way and not proceed. It will be sewn into the best item ever. Survivors of a plane crash were forced to live together on a remote, dangerous new world that caused their own unique threat. After reading this, what will your thoughts be in the interesting world? And this is your answer every time. So far, always filled with surprises. You ask yourself why it happened and what will happen next time. Unexpected things happen. The series just got into you. It's cold and addictive. Everything from the great creators and leads to great performances by actors creates a very reliable story. Getting lost is unbelievable, amazing and fun. The greatest TV ever. You want to put it on. <br /> <br /> Losing is the other item that collapses and if you hate or criticize. Losing you don't know how to watch tv or watch drama. Losing just doesn't disappoint. You will think that a series that has been running for a long time won't make it better, but it! It still flows like nothing you've ever thought. "Everything happens for a reason." And that really shows in the series. Eventually, you will reach the point where it is a clue and everything that happens or finishes increases. You will feel and realize how the characters change and how and why everything is gone. <br /> <br /> 10 minutes of excitement: You see something you didn't see. The important thing happened to the characters. Or on the island There is hope somewhere. You see major changes that can or will change everything. You hear the turbulence of your thoughts. You wonder what will happen next. Your heart beats 30 minutes of vividness: You see a flawless scene, creating tension. You hear great music from Michael Giacchino. You see a wonderful flash. Impressive performance. You will see that there is a cold, witty atmosphere that then turns into tensions. <br /> <br /> Everybody has that, showing that they are stuck as well that they can't get enough that they admire everywhere. minute No need to wait for the next episode. They talk 24/7. Like me and many others, it is this series lost. When you start watching, you won't be enough. The creator works flawlessly. The loss is completely unique and original. You won't see anything. Clever idea of "Historical and past events" and some important and different things in each season remind you of Have they ever created a series like "LOST"? Interesting things and things that you will always remember It makes the world puzzled when it attacks the modern drama / classic sci-fi drama before reaching the audience. <br /> <br /> I'm sure you all have heard that it's lost and is a 5-star review. And your annoying friend who won't stop telling you this story Stop you from watching. <br /> <br /> Every episode leads to new things and it doesn't stop growing. You will get more attention when it passes. You learn things. Various on the island Would not have figured it out The characters began to be very popular and if the type of critics you like to see lost in more detail, things such as the relationship between the characters develop and how they learn how to look and challenge from the island. All together, it is a great drama and an impeccable series. I guess that all of us hope that the loss will not be disastrous in the upcoming and far away times ..... So if you don't look at the missing, read the comments from above again and You should change your mind Seeing is believing, so until you start watching, you will never know me. I recommend this masterpiece: LOST !! Start watching !!! You don't see anything until you see LOST !!!
