While the original version of 1932 with Preston Foster was good, there was nothing worthwhile for this model in 1959, or it was impossible to find anywhere, as I suspect that Mickey Rooney would do. What about it Performances that have never been done are technically clever before or the thought-provoking script can be improved, including the original update. For many years after the end of my many movies in the 1970s, I read an article that Mickey Rooney described about the visit he had done to the death row and seemed to get rid of his personal feelings. Feeling with people in similar situations This article is as short as the main character here and does not cover anything more than the extent that makes him feel utterly frustrated with the quality of the inmates that have been emphasized even in the language that I would not be interested in speaking. Clearly here ... one of my main problems with the death penalty is, of course, that it is not being used equally because many innocent people are too far - So negligently therefore sent it unnecessarily to this unnecessary fate Another problem I have is that it's not used quickly enough or for that matter, even public enough! The Bible discusses special issues in such cases regarding one of the important objectives of inhibition, such as obscuring, ineffective, negative, not only But public viewing only But also a direct participation of everyone too! For those who claim to prove that such statistics are not an effective deterrent? In addition to having problems with the reliability of their data, I have little to no doubt that there is a lot of unbiased evidence behind this area because of the extent to which such inhibitors are lacking. However, I have a problem with the fact that Robert Duvall in The Apostle is completely punished for his particular "crime" or that the only hope of grace for him, for example, must be based on "temporary insanity. "As if it were an acceptable excuse in his case ... apart from many other questions related to Micky Rooney's motivation For that visit he told and about the answer that I can only try to guess. I wonder if that principle has a strong religious nature. I do not know for certain that when he was a Christian Christian, now makes him a special issue whenever possible. But as everyone should be aware of, this type of person is often vehemently bleeding when it pulls the eye to the eye. However, I do not have any arguments about that, just as there is no doubt that speaking of the scriptures, regardless of all, and perhaps not the most, will receive the final fate with God's hands. As a result of his sacrifice on the cross However, there is a problem for me about the spirit or attitude that most professional Christians focus on the death penalty. Because in contrast to God who loves to see everyone receive salvation (Ezekiel 18:32) (2 Peter 3: 9), it seems that they are going astray to find a reason to condemn! .. What most people, whether it is a serious burning problem on both sides, does not seem to be adequately appreciated, that is, God is powerful and soft in nature. Both sides of his nature seem to be incompatible to make him mentally insane, at least by human computation. Nonetheless, regardless of the blending of water and oil in his nature would be miraculously devastating without doubt, anything that is missing or anything that is crazy and unique on both sides. Or something else Lack of truth in the trial, both inadequate and unacceptable In fact, I saw the thirst that caused the most shocking blood for myself to come into conflict with myself many times, whenever there was a confrontation with the supporters of the anti-death penalty. With the fact that although God died for everyone But not everyone will be saved In the end, in order to receive forgiveness, repetition must be repeated at the same time, reaching out and receiving. That is repentance (Luke 13: 3-5). Is there anything that makes more sense? ... But then, God's command to forgive, even in the case of the enemy of those who despise and persecute you without cause or provocation One of the problems beyond the truth that arises with this feeling, which is commonly interpreted as a way that is obscure beyond the true meaning of forgiveness. Forgiveness does not mean the same thing as unconditional forgiveness. When viewed from the point of view of God with a clear and rational attitude, what really is is the strong desire that those who are forgiven will succeed in finding a light and receiving in Most merciful, of course, this attitude is contrary to Jonah, who is not really satisfied when God tells him that the announcement to the people of Nineveh will result in their repentance. Jonah didn't want them to repent. But wished unreasonably that they were destroyed He is calm and cold-hearted, like most professional Christians, just to save himself even without his reason better than most people! I envy Jonah almost as much as he wants! However, minus the repentance of those who have forgiven any forgiveness that he may have received from true Christians will not do anything for him. In such cases, the only thing that will benefit is the true Christian!
