New York City is the home of a man above all else. Immortal Dr. Anton Mordrid Mordrid is the sworn custody of mankind, using his magical powers to heal his brother and his opponent Khabal. The chain is not to enslave the human race. Don't you know? The prophecy will be true and Kabal will be free from independence and begin to gather elements. (Including gold and uranium) for his alchemy experiment With the help of a police woman named Sam Morrite, can he defeat his evil brother? "Dr. Mordrid" received courtesy of the Charles Band in the collection Full Moon Archive Collection. I have never heard of this before, which is strange because I am a big fan of Jeffrey Combs (Mordrid) and this movie is not old. But now it's mine and I can enjoy it again and again. This film has fun in the traditional full moon style. Richard Band plays music (which is no different from his other scores) and Brian Thompson plays the evil Kabal. We also have animated dinosaur bones! what more do you want Of course, high cheese factor I feel that this movie is a parody of Dr. Strange's cartoon and the blue suit is silly. And the pit plot is everywhere (I can list at least five items. But why bother) and why the ancient symbols of Mordrid and Kabal look suspicious like a hammer and sickle? The honeycomb has never been a strong actor, so he is suitable for cheese. This is not a complaint. The full moon fans come to expect these things and swallow them like a Grape Nuts with cracks. I am wrong ... I love this movie. <br /> <br /> If you're not a fan Full Moon or a fan of Jeffrey Combs ... You may want to look elsewhere. But if you like the style of making movies and hairstyles in the early 1990s, you will eat out. Fans of Stallone and Schwarzenegger may like to see Brian Thompson as a villain. A man who is unwise and unable to pronounce English more than a third grade. I do. I hope to have "Mordrid II" but the company that makes the sequel to everything in practice (ie "Gingerdead Man 3" really necessary? ) Passed this place
