The movie "Holly" is the story of a young girl whose poor family was sold and smuggled across the border to Cambodia to work as a prostitute in the embarrassing red light village "K11" in the movie Holly. That will be sold to her innocence when she meets Patrick, who has lost money and friends from gambling and fighting at the bar Patrick and Holly have an immediate bond with the "stubbornness", but all of this is halted when Holly is sold to a young merchant and disappeared. As a movie viewer, we were driven to seek Patrick to find Holly again. Holly shows her willingness to leave this life. But her confusion in the right and wrong "Holly" led us through a beautiful and brutal Cambodia, discovering that Holly is not just a single woman. She is the voice of millions of children who are exploited and violated every year without rights or protection. <br /> <br /> Holly is less than what may be suggested, such as documentaries related to children aged 4 Year and human trafficking for prostitution But can create clarity about Cambodian / Vietnamese child trafficking as a prostitute It is a moving story that helps to see the horrific situation that many children face and their struggles to trust and realize the right and wrong. <br /> <br /> Patrick's enemies This movie is an American. The dealer of the stolen artifact that lost money and friends while playing cards and into the fight at the bar. During the trip, his motorbike exhausted fuel and he was forced to rent a room in the brothel. During his stay with Holly, a twelve-year-old girl whose parents were sold and kidnapped as slaves and prostitutes Holly and Patrick start a trusting and understanding friendship. He discovers a wise and rebellious girl under a traumatic outside and is determined to treat her - although their friendly relations are strictly restrained by almost everyone they meet. When she suddenly disappeared, he began to travel to find her without thinking of helping her. <br /> <br /> Holly can escape to another brothel when she jumps from the truck. And ran into a field full of mines The mine was taken out of the cattle and the truck driver believed that she had died. Holly was left alone. During Patrick's journey to find Holly, he met a social worker trying to talk about some feelings with him and share the facts with him that haunts the Cambodian region. The idea of ​​paying for her freedom is just to stimulate demand. She explains that 30,000 children who prostitution in Cambodia - in the next year may have 60,000 people. "I didn't try to help 60,000 people." He told her, "I'm trying. Helping life "Patrick found that the idea of ​​bringing her to safety was to rest quickly when social workers told him that the United States would not allow him to adopt and even though It will take five minutes to 'save lives'. The children spend five years in society. Patrick is not affected by the data and he still tries to search for Holly. <br /> <br /> From That audience will show that Holly travels to a small town and finds food with other homeless children. Then she became friends with the local police who looked better than criminals with a little badge when they sold her to another brothel, then made a deal with a Vietnamese businessman. Holly seems to think that this is her fate, and eventually Patrick finds her, she is willing to "yum yum" and "boom boom" friends who are far away. Patrick is most confused by this behavior change. But he didn't stop his plans to take her out of this world In the end, he steals her and leads her to a safe land in the comfort of a social worker. Holly gets new clothes if giving food and taking dance lessons. But she was forbidden to see Patrick The strong desire to be in Patrick's friendship allowed her to escape from the safe house and return to the streets of Cambodia. <br /> <br /> At the same time, Patrick is dealing with the decision to leave the country. And fled back To the United States or to stay in Cambodia His thoughts still go back to Holly and during the bar visit; The elderly man saw the image he held and commented on sexual appetite when he had sex with her. This caused Patrick to be angry and he hit the man and ran out of the bar. Eventually, Patrick was arrested by the police in the eyes of Holly, hiding behind a pole. <br /> <br /> The movie "Holly" may cause viewers to donate money to organizations that improve their lives. These of them Poor children and even a campaign to reduce the number of prostitutes in the region But the amazing weakness of this film may reduce the chances of seeing enough people to make a difference. Overall, I think the concept is better in a documentary style and it doesn't touch like a movie. Actors perform a great role in showing the raw emotions and the true confusion of children affected by this lifestyle. But in the end, the brutal lifestyle of this region and the hopeless thoughts of parents selling children The famine does nothing to help the situation of children.
