After enjoying this performance for many years, I used my dreams to see them all again and share them with my children. I am very happy to pay the little memories I found on the DVD. Florida is a caring mother with a diligent husband who loves beautiful daughters and two different daughters day and night. Michael, the little son, is independent. Walker and JJ are funny. I know that many African-Americans do not like this show. But I know that many people can have relationships and should be accepted as before. My heart is sad when I know that Ester Rolle has passed. Now, Tyler Perry is today's leading writer, and I support his work. But not so much since he had ridiculed this cruel Rolle in his plays No one should hear anything ugly about appearance. The list became less interesting when Father James died. It picked up a little when Florida remarried. But was depressed when she was out of the list Overall, the performance was excellent and I was delighted to have owned some copies of my past. I tried to follow the work of the former Good Morning star and have to say that they are a group that has not been wiped up and down with rumors. I think children today will enjoy this show, and I have no problem sitting with the kids. Congratulations to the writers, the team and the stars in the newly renovated memories. For many years, I can enjoy without crossing the scene. <br /> <br /> Ok, so I watched the program over and over again. Recently, I noticed things that made me rethink in C. Reese But don't like them I think Florida is quite cruel when getting money from children. It's not that children don't need care. But do it in a way that makes Florida's mother different The scene in Florida must mention that other people do not seem good to disturb me now. When James is still alive, the show makes a big story from James. He wants his own Fix-it shop, but never lives to see his family from the project. But Florida is married to a person who is the owner of a fix-it shop, slapping the face of an actor who should end his time in a good time, showing that he has achieved all he has tried. Finally, when I watched the program, I saw the series are going to work overtime and changed the name to "JJ". As a matter of fact, after James left everything, most were centered around JJ. I will not trade my DVD for any amount, but the time, maturity and experience begin to guide you soon after.
