When people think of downtown Chicago, they think of Walter Payton, Ditta and "Daird", Rhine Sandberg, White Sox, breaking the curse in 2005 or Michael Jordan and six immortals. his (And finals MVP) with the Chicago Bulls People in this era rarely think of the struggles of Chicago, slums, drugs on the streets, and the lives of urban housing projects in the 1970s. <br /> <br /> One of the most formidable shows on television and the groundbreaking The computer is "Good Times", which I remember as a small child in CBS and now I enjoy regularly on TV Land. <br /> <br /> "Good Times" is another Norman Lear classic. A creative director who gave us "The Jeffersons" a good American sitcom. And "All in the Family", the greatest performance of all time, "Good Times" brings the hardships of slums and urban home projects and makes it charming, written and thoughtful plans. And the great performances, especially by the head of the family and the elderly people of this struggling slum family, Amos. The children in the support team are quite good, especially Janet Jackson that has gained popularity in At the beginning of the year she and Ralph Carter as the youngest son of Florida and James Evans, the youngest realize that life is not fair, and he must learn. Two feet of his own. <br /> <br /> JJ's eldest child, played by Jimmy Walker, doesn't quite make sense in this program and is mainly for comic relief. His emotional age is about 11 or 12. Although he looks like a man in his early twenties, JJ gets annoying and is credited with the disgusting James Evans that he never told JJ to get his life. He took the job and left home. JJ is an ambitious painter. But unlike his brother, he is not serious about studying at the college level or is important to families in finding work to help families who are above welfare status. <br /> <br /> Two classic episodes of Good Times are characters. Where Janet Jackson is having 104 fever and FloridaBut do not want The family from the project paid more attention than she had to be legal. Another episode was when James Evans was unable to pay a small rent at $ 104 a month. Evans is about to be defeated by the largest family, being thrown out of the project without having to go anywhere. Florida Evans travels to the city center to go to the Social Services Committee to request loans or financial support for her family. But the government does not consider her family poor because they have assets of more than 4,200 dollars for five unjust families. But, unfortunately, the legitimacy of poverty, James and children want to rush for money. But Florida is a highly moral person and does not want to do anything that is not honest, no matter how bad their situation is. In the end, the family will find a way to keep their heads above the water. <br /> <br /> "Good Times" The classic show from the 1970s is about keeping you above the water in a cruel world. James and Florida Evans, both working hard on jobs that require little strength to try to raise their children properly and avoid social shame. I am too young to understand Sitcom's message as a toddler in the 70s in the first broadcast on CBS. But I enjoyed replay on TV Land in 2006. "Good Times" is a classic sitcom from the back of the day.
