Forbidden Planet represents the genre of science fiction that is valuable in cinemas, especially from the 1950s. There are days when the world stands still and the world war. But should not forget this gem which brings some stories from Shakespeare's The Tempest to tell the story of an astronaut on a planet with a doctor who has created amazing things. Progression is an incredible progress. To look at (although in 1956 it looked quite amazing to watch those scenes and the giant machines that doctors created) but with a focus on the characters and themes It The technology has been used far beyond that of men in the traditional age to have more, even though we do not know that we are being tuned. <br /> <br /> On the surface - in the first ten minutes - it looks like Standard if Performing and directing like a professional with a little more skill than that of the B movie of that era The astronauts' ships are on a mission to the planet Altair-4 to bring explorations that have disappeared decades before. But the only remaining thing is Dr. Morbis (Walter Pidson) and his daughter, who survived the attack that caused others to die Morbius seems to be a sincere and highly creative person, and his technology seems to be very impressive, the only thing that astronauts led by Skipper (Leslie Nielsen) can think of. Report back to their superiors on the planet. <br /> <br /> But there is a catch - there is something that kills the crew members of the boat one by one every night, even if others watch and then put Electric fence I see that Things that are invisible will pass easily At the same time, there is a romance between Skipper and Alraira and there is more of a doctor's aura: You shouldn't start with this world and now you have to go. What happens from this thing is even more interesting, just at the purely intellectual level. But forbidden planets never forget that viewers should be entertained by this story while receiving useful ideas. While everyone may remember Robbie the Robot and for good reason, perhaps the most memorable image for me is the monster that is perceived on the screen, along with the crew who shot without any advantage, moving in red electricity and looking at animals. At Fantasia, br /> <br /> Pidgeon's performance is subtle: you won't expect him to be a villain, even if there is something in the character and in a performance that talks about it and at the end it makes him The drama is far More complex than expected And other performances are crafts But it was excellent from Nielsen as a leader born to Holliman, giving a great comic relief as a cook (who I should add to help with the funniest scenes in one movie with Bourbon Robbie) and the effect Of that period is special (There is a complex way of thinking today as well) and music made by electronic devices is beautiful in its "sound", but eventually it is a screenplay and a careful direction from Hilcox that makes this thing superior. The other part of the movie B, when it's funny, it's intended and working. When it's amazing, it connects well even during stiff times with actors. And when we were reminded of the terrible situation, it happened gradually, with the difference not being pushed to our faces or being injected with large action. <br /> <br /> Inspiration For many other sci-fi movies and good marks of thoughtful science fiction stories and books from time to time are classics that are classy and fun.
