I should say from the beginning that there are many things I like about 'Forbidden City' and yes I think it's a science fiction movie 'classic' for many reasons But the flattering words that have been received over the years are quite high in my opinion. The authority no less than Leonard Maltin said, 'Forbidden Planet' "... is one of the most ambitious and smartest movies in this genre of movies." Ambitious? Without doubt. clever? Depends on the part of the movie you're talking about Of course, it's a famous science fiction and has a high budget. With a cost of nearly 2 million dollars (this is 1956, remember), MGM draws all the stops to create an exciting and amazing adventure outside, unlike anything seen on the big screen. Before even hiring artists from Disney studios The more elaborate special effects 'Charming' is not a term used to describe special effects in sci-fi movies, but is the most appropriate thing. Even the terrifying 'Monster from the Id' is Just a cartoon character that is performing well by Disney is unlikely to make people 8 years old be shocked when I see different scenes and acknowledge the design of the costume art model. Etc. I warn that there is nothing much as 'Wizard of Oz' with saturated colors that are beautiful and delicate, if not affected by reliable Many works have entered these movies, which tend to smile, admiring the effort, regardless of 'Forbidden Planet', that is great to watch. The scene takes place in a clear stage scene that has been decorated like no other, painted planets and planets in the background and tiny sand dunes that have been elaborately designed and others to create the illusion of depth. It's like watching the most elaborate stage plays you've seen. The most convincing and reliable scene is probably the scene in the large Krell complex, where the image showing the depth and breadth of this interior space is well done and reliable. But then we reached the actors. The performance is almost scary as well. But in fairness, we must say that the dialogue is almost never above the level of humor in the teenager's locker room, except in some areas of sufficient scientific techniques. Even the great performer Walter Pidgeon was also reduced to make the performance happy. But sometimes scary, Leslie Nielsen is very young, is a spacecraft commander, J.J. Adams, and does not show confidence or confidence in the entire film. It seems that he knew the instincts thirty years ago that his true right hand was placed in comedy, because there were times when he seemed to be barely able to give a straight face to his script. Every forced reaction, whether it is anger or passion or serious meditation, looks out of playing in high school. Anne Francis was very young, a little fare at the innocent Alta, which we believe had never seen a man other than her father until the spacecraft crew appeared. (Alta Moribius now has a name for you) Unfortunately, even at a young age, Anne Francis seems to be innocent and innocent like Elizabeth Taylor in 'Butterfield 8' has a good story here, buried somewhere under the comments that a colleague told about Alta and is also a subgroup of children related to the Earl Hall's cookies. Lyman (Holliman changed in an interesting show My guess is that the actors from the film to the school) from 'The Tempest' of Shakespeare's story of the race dead. They leave behind is what most people tend to remember about. 'Forbidden City' and for good reason A few minutes here and there, you can forget about the rest of the movie and be dazzled by Krell's underground concept of Disney artists. Is it enough to compensate for the rest of the film's flaws? You have to decide for yourself. Oh, and of course there is Robby the Robot. The ten-year idea of ​​1950 every year about what robots should look like and talk like he's a funny person in various places. So 'Forbidden Planet' for me is a versatile bag. Much It deserves credit for being inspired by the X-ray movies and TV programs that followed, not less than that of 'Star Trek', but I would like to recommend to everyone who thinks it's more than a comic book. The sci-fi line that comes back again.
