Like everyone else in this forum, when the "Fobidden Planet" was proposed in 1956, I hurried to see this as an interesting phenomenon that I suggested because young professionals, old men, women, sci-fi and those who Find a solution like "Everyone can follow and enjoy the story of this film and the storyline as well. This is the first movie. Set on a world other than the world in the 20th century. In addition to serials such as "Flash Gordon" Leslie Nielsen spoke lightly for his role at that time, but Walter Pigeon, Marvin Miller, Anne Francis, Richard Anderson, Earl Holliman and especially The more Warren Stevens knew that there was so much in this scene that it was difficult to choose a favorite scene from the movie scene. The method of the Altair-4, a spacecraft, is linked to the alien surface. Descent through the stairs that stretched out, the first view of the landscape, the guidance of the rocket, the home of Dr. Morbius, visible from the outside and from the inside, the underground complex and its wonders, the setting of weapons. , The battle with the monster, the final Approa, the ch of the destroyer that no longer escapes from the planet - all the scenes are inscribed on the hearts of the audience because we discover them with those the joint Script for the knowledge of experienced Cyril Hume filmed wisely by director Fred McLeod Wilcox for a long time with clarity and imagination. It's shocking to know that there is no music. The film is performed by actors and mysterious revelations. It can be watched over and over again with pleasure - I have done it for almost fifty years. Until the creation of this famous and beloved movie, this film never imagined the world outside of the world. And decades later, the ship collapsed on the earth as if the writer's imagination failed and caused a fall Still the best, many people say That says that there is something negative about the imagination of the intellectual leaders in the country - and what is certainly positive. I would suggest about those who created this gem.
