When we thought of a 1950s science fiction movie, I thought of the black and white B movie that came from the Mystery Science Theater 3000. Yet while there were many movies, such as Plan 9 From Outer Space and Robot Monster, more than good movies. In the 1950s, there were some very good stories, if not good. Science fiction movies like The Day of the Earth, Stood Still, The Incredible Shrinking Man, The Invasion of the Attackers, Body Wars of the World and Things from Other Worlds The best of knowledge and production values ​​is the first major attack of MGM in Science Fiction, Level A, Forbidden Planet, which was launched in 1956. It is a 98-minute color film directed by Fred M. Wilcox at Focus on the status of special effects of art and get the best screenplay from Cyril Hume from the treatment of the screen called Fatal Planet by Irving Block and Allen Adler, which modified the character of William Shakespeare ' s Tempest> <br /> This film was very popular when he was nominated for an Oscar-winning electronic music score by Louis and Bebe Barron. (Although credited as Electronic Tonalities to avoid music association fees) Inspired by Chesley Bonestell and Monster Of The Id (MOTI), the famous animation by animator Joshua Meador. Which was loaned from the Walt Disney studio. Even more famous was the appearance of Robby The Robot in his first role, either in film or television. After that, he will appear in the movie The Invisible Boy - included on this DVD as a bonus, including many appearances in the 1960s Sci Fi TV show The Twilight Zone, Night Gallery and Lost In Space- which the robot of He is always his own. Confused and hijacked in the film Gremlins in 1984 <br /> <br /> The story is simple. But created gracefully and filled with comical assistants who made the corner 'Love Story' is forced in the 23rd century movie. Cruiser Yuzler, planet C-57D - UFO, led by commander JJ Adams (Leslie Nielsen - yes, he used to be the leader The type before his police day) was traveling to the Altair IV planet to investigate what had happened to Bellerophon's crew that had been sent to the planet twenty years ago. After one year of travel, they found the only survivor of the party, Dr. Edward Morbius (Walter Pidgeon), Prospero, standing as a philosopher, his beautiful blonde daughter, Altaira. (Ann Francis) - Miranda's character and Robby the Robot, a servant in the house that is a pair of Caliban. Morbius warns the crew of a mysterious force that killed the Bellerophon party in their first year. But he is immune to it Overall, it is a good technical film, especially with the rear projection and enamel painting, and the absurdity of the adult reaction to the exploitation of Timmy and Robby. Lian Even so, it is apparent that the filmmakers have no sense of nonsense in this movie because it plays straight, making it fun. For the main features? The forbidden planet deserves all glory. It's not the perfect movie. But it is a great way to spend a couple of hours and better than Star Wars, even if it makes twenty years later seems to be outdated and children and youth There are only movies such as 2001: A Space Odyssey, Solaris, Alien and Aliens and the first two movies of Terminator, which are equal to or above the classic in depth and effects. <br /> <br /> It's worth knowing that The 'happy ending' of the planet has the possibility that MOTI will remain in Alta as well. She is the daughter of her father and a nightmare that is more clear than her father when MOTI attacks the ship for the second time. In addition, the film also shows a single MOTI wisely and never shows Krel because the imagination can create more fear than the best special technique. The film also takes advantage of the story's narrative to summarize the story, which is something more realistic art movies often do not make Forbidden Planet, one of those rare movies, both of which determine its era, which is not Like other sci-fi movies that are quite clear about the Cold War Watch it and you will agree as well as sleeping a little easier. But even if you don't But there are also scenes of Anne Francis skinnydipping Only one person has no time.
