The forbidden planet rate is a landmark in science fiction, carefully placed in "difficult" aspects of the genre (science - not fantasy. Erco nerds will love it) while still playing with images and ideas of shared values. In the 1950s, the isolated house of Morbius is a modern design style with open space that extends into the garden, statues, swimming pools and the best home appliances: Robby the Robot " The dream of a housewife! "The captain exclaimed after lunch and demonstrated the robot's ability to synthesize food and disintegrate waste. <br /> <br /> Also revealed to the 50s: Fruedian psychology rears the head in the description. Id though Morbius banned it as an outdated concept. There is a touch of drama, Pacific War in the fight against invisible monsters and life on a saucer. Perhaps the most appropriate time is the fear behind the atom that science is the enemy, and the arrogant scientist will destroy the knowledge without knowing it. <br /> <br /> Unknowingly, the drama that was presented by Forbidden Planet seems fresh. New, especially sci-fi types. They are not con artists or heroes. But ordinary sailors travel across the galaxy with rudeness and military integrity Good people drive UFOs and aliens for a long time and we don't even know what they look like - even though their songs create tonal tones in the atmosphere by Bebe and Louis Barron. The view from the house of Morbius is an alien with rugged cliffs and pink bamboo trees. The interior of the saucer is just this side of Buck Rogers. There are many things that I like. Although we have excellent monsters and robots for kiddies, but Forbidden Planet is a movie about the brain. It works at many levels at the same time: Sci-fi that is difficult to adventure in space, philosophy and country. <br /> <br /> There are many suburban touches. Even though talking about military space, he was dressed in a golf course. The serious discovery of Morbius is a humble school. The most interesting character is Altaira, daughter of Morbius. When he never saw a man, she sent to the crew unashamedly. She is a teenager, posted Madonna, who designed her own space age clothes and used every opportunity to change the dress. - Imagine Christina Aguilera with a household imitator. Men who watch this movie may think that she is an innocent girl in a minidress, but every woman knows that there is nothing innocent like a girl in a minidress. Anne Francis deserves better recognition for Selling Leut with a kiss. Alas, we will never know that she "works" as he suspects since the captain interrupted and became a more interesting target for her attention. She is a character that causes significant changes in the movie. Shocking that her father compares the dead doctor to others who "embeciles" at her landing party. She turns away from her father at her house, leaving with the crew for the world. This is a challenging and determined action that sends the creature Id of Morbius over the edge of the creator of its comparative destruction, just as it had done thousands of centuries earlier with Krell. <br /> <br /> Krell may have a teenage daughter as well ...
