I'm always frustrated that most science fiction movies are war or war movies. Even the brilliant star wars have one of its main images. "The most advanced gang that cannot be shot directly." Imagine your coming when about 600 people with most ordinary weapons have open appointments and they miss. <br /> <br /> I have read a lot of science fiction and hope. That there will be more movies for those who think The forbidden planet, one of the earliest types, remains one of the best. This story is based on an extinct civilization, which Krell, the creator of the machine, can increase the intelligence of living things by jumping quantum. Unfortunately, what they do not bargain is that the brain is the center of other ideas. The original nature of the brain, Id, as Freud called, allowed to be checked. It is released in sleep, a bad dream comes to the existence of the body. Walter Pigeon, Dr. Morbius is the one who is fighting against his brain to this level and by creating a machine and defense that makes him almost impossible to move forward in fear of his mind. His thoughts are creating horrors that will soon be prevented. Krell, who is a superior species, cannot stop it. It destroys them The party is linked to never paying much attention to me. The remaining actors are quite interchangeable. Ann Francis is a beautiful and innocent person and will definitely create a reaction in the teenage male fifties. Her father's wrath increased from her innocence and astronauts in the fifties of the wolf. (Because they are more like construction workers in this matter than real astronauts) One wondering whether Mr. Spock may not be a soulmate for the true idea of ​​this artificial creature. The whole movie was very satisfying because of the situation as a star. Morbius couldn't turn back, so he was determined to destroy himself and everything that was with him. There are a few science fiction movies that are worth watching more than once. This is something that can enter the 21st century.
