I think "Okay ..." is really a movie. Tom Barman spent many years creating it, and it shows: every scene is shiny, meaningful ... I think I agree most. One thing that many people criticize is the "lack" of the story. I am afraid that it is our impact that is full of "traditional" storytelling all the time. I mean: what you can achieve with books, you can't Achieved by movies, what you can achieve with movies. You can't achieve it by just telling friends. The problem is that we are familiar with the movie series ... it's just a story filmed. Recording an event - like when you watch the news - we expect that every movie will have this epic appearance: a strong story with many strange events and I emphasize the idea of "Unusual events": Most people see on TV in the news in the animated series ... Something very unusual, once in a life situation and here in "Anyway ..." has unusual events. But not the same in style "Hollywood is a big blow." How: Men are fired. In return, the car is stolen ... and of course a very normal thing. And that is strong: just able to appreciate that whole universe. And I agree that, in particular, what can be done in movies only, the atmosphere is made up of scores and photography is central But not like in the original visual movies (Visible blockbuster like matrix); It serves the character and remains deeply human. I mean, in every shot you will feel the love that Tom Barman has for Antwerp and the urban lifestyle. And he doesn't have any issues with this movie, like "learning" some of us; And he has no big deal to say about the unbelievable reversal situation He shows that people in everyday life live every day. He shows that the city has both good and bad and says: This is me. That is our city. That is life. Have fun with it. So basically "Anyway ..." Not only is it a very strong movie, it also has a stronger "message". (It is unclear or may not be intended) than most movies that really intended to send messages. One drawback: now we have to wait five years to see the next Barman image and everyone will expect a lot of it ...
