Written on THE WIND, directed by Douglas Serg, and launched in 1956, like the movie of the 50s of the Cirque. But it is the development of the melodies, the famous melodies and the trademark of the Serk, which has an angry expression of emotion, almost unbearable vibrations, symbols and news of the class, making this film popular. Four central characters and a plot that is being introduced while the credit is still spinning. Sirk uses a clever backward structure to lead us into his world ... <br /> <br /> Robert Stack and Dorothy Malone is magnificent while both are "kids", Kyle and Marylee. He drinks and sleeps with women. She drank and slept with men. They are both worth millions. Thanks to Hadley's oil business. Mitch Wayne (Hunky, but poor) is a lifelong friend of Kyle and Mary Lee's dream lover, Lucy Moore (Lauren Bacol) The attractive and thin woman who falls in the charm of Kyle after he picks up the phone and flies across the countryside one evening. Mitch loves her too. But Kyle wins her. They married quickly and Kyle stopped drinking. But it seems that the fate is written on the wind and not long before Marylee sacrifices (who "has Mitch" married or not married). Mitch secretly comes in secret. Kyle ... <br /> <br /> Malone is a wonderful person, like Marylee Hadley deserves an Oscar for her best supporting actress. She stole every scene that she was in. Stack was almost good. Up like it is a sexuality while still Despair and silence them. Hudson and Bacol have more restrictions than both. But it is still consistent with the characters they play. <br /> <br /> So what is this melodrama about all of this? There are many things The powerful image of the military is not enough for fear and fear. For one thing, Sirk encircles a pile with a phallic symbol throughout the film, observing his small gun, Derrick's oil and the best phallic symbol. It seems that Kyle will not be able to understand the children. The stack seems to be suffering from the complexity of the big man, making it worse by his father like Hudson. Taking Hudson and wondering what his wife was doing with Hudson With all this wealth, Kyle Hadley continues to end up at the wrong end of the city, buying cheap corn liquor like "bottom". <br /> <br /> It's about an impossible dream and having to abandon them. The river that Kyle, Mary Lee and Mitch had played when they were children, was constantly referenced in this film as a symbol of Kyle and (especially) Mary's desire for innocence and Simplicity of youth In the wonderful melodious scene, Malone, by Malone, stood by the river and imagined himself as a child again with Mitch's voice, saying that she would be Mary Lee's woman. This is where Sirk meets the chord. Great emotion with the audience Who hasn't dreamed of returning to a special place in childhood? Who has never lived in precious memories? Who doesn't want what they don't have? And the last line of Hudson's films (Yes, he hasn't been talking in the last 10 minutes. Only close-up pictures) only remember that "How far can we come from the Mary River?" Amazing
