I saw this film at the Chicago Reeling Film Festival. In raising the observations of previous audiences, the uncomfortable feeling and the color of the film was I felt quite intensely and conveyed the feeling of limited space. The architecture was boring. Total sales that create the urban environment of most people in Eastern Europe and Central Europe. The style of the housing project is quite shabby, the way I explain and this is the number of people living in the suburbs of large cities. I can not say that I am familiar with Bucharest, Romania, where such actions occur. But I visited and lived in Eastern Europe for six months. <br /> <br /> When I went to Russia as a student in one semester, my whole group had to drag their bags seven layers up the stairs of the building. Student dormitories are shabby like the heroine when moving in with women. Because the elevator is not working But I agree with the reviewer claustrophobia And the color is muted. There are too many, because there is a beautiful historic building, a square park that you can find in Bucharest or in the heart of the history of Eastern Europe and Bucharest doesn't have much of the picture in this movie. For me, watching this film represents claustrophobia That I can feel during the half of the year I was there, feeling trapped and limited (it makes you see why some people want to relocate and find a better life, like those who hope to escape from Slums in the big cities of the United States) <br /> <br /> In addition to the climate of fear About the United States in 1980, two young women who fell in love were forced to love as personal stories. Therefore, focusing on their interactions in the apartment <br /> <br /> It is amazing and admirable. In my view, this movie looks strange in Romania and I found That the previous complaint about the poor movie Quality is quite ignorant and patronized. It is unlikely that the director and producer will support government support and raise funds for their films and they do the best they can with limited resources. Actors are quite good and reliable. The conversation was very good and I was able to identify these women. <br /> <br /> The film presents a forbidden love between two girls, Kiki, an independent spirit that is active and fun. The dark and overwhelming secret (The admiration and love for the disrespectful brother of Sandu) fell in love with Alexandra, a bright young woman who was cunning and a princess who moved to Bucharest to start college. Opponents attract and their personalities seem to complement each other, even though there is tension between Alexandra, ambitious, conscious, and Kiki, who seems to attend college to appease his parents. you Keeping their love hidden from their parents seems to be manageable, even if we don't feel the tension needed and we never see or meet other students - hard to believe - and the tension that keeps secrets. Of love raises the chief to threaten their love is Kiki's brother and the difficulty of trying to intensify relations with her But Alexander's love for Kiki seems to give her the strength she wants. In the end, this relationship is intense or doing so? That is what the suspense of the movie focuses on the development of the lecture and I will not say that it will be concluded. <br /> <br /> Ironically, love. Kiki's "illness" is not love for other women. Love sex with her brothers So love a woman offers a cure for diseases that may be caused by love for my brothers and sisters. <br /> <br /> Although the feel of this movie is uncomfortable and uncomfortable. But was too imprisoned during the interaction between Kiki and Alexandra, but still engaging and moving to see so I would give 7
