At the Academy Awards ceremony on March 27, 1957, Dorothy Malone won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress from her sweltering image, the heir of a Texas oil businessman. Died in WRITTEN ON THE WIND 1956 The potboiler, adapted from Robert Wilder's novel, is actually a three circus band showing alcoholism, greed, weakness and nymphomania. Malone's performance is Marylee Hadley, the youngest woman. Typically, the solitary Confirmed the pain of being rejected from the past of childhood love, representing the film as a whole. Enjoy watching even when it turns towards globalization. "The lowest is the lowest" The writing of THE WIND is the work of a man who is an incredibly talented director Douglas Sirk, émigré from the pre-WWII era Weimar, Germany. The legacy of the European theater behind to pursue a career in Hollywood. <br /> <br /> A very diligent person, Sirk created a name for himself in 1950 as the director of the opulent opera house of Universal Studios. The most in Ross Hunter's production of interruptions by MAGNIFICENT. Everything that Heaven allowed and imitated life. Independent producer Albert Zugsmith gives Sirk the opportunity to work under the constraints of Universal's non-stop entertainment and create a more "sensational" product that is mature, so the hot WIND and the follow-up of TARNISHED ANGELS in 1957. No Who can guess why Sirk doesn't follow a higher theme? But it is clear that these exaggerated dramas attract more artistic attention. Writing on the wind is regarded as the drama of Sirk's epic drama; Of course, it is full of human fragility and neurosis, as it appears among the rich, that it is interesting to look like a real-life quarrel among the rich and celebrities, perhaps more. that Robert Stack (Not a well-known actor in the debate), almost pairing Malone violently with his weak offer of Kyle Hadley, who is only the shadow of his patriarchal father When he found that he could not make his new bride The beautiful sheriff left the deep end, intensifying the problem of drinking with "secret" amulets that threatened to make him a human bomb. Time for both brothers and sisters. A distressed and different girl, as it is, was proposed to be a victim of the past, giving them the quality of humans that makes them look less scary. (And more interesting than the 'good' side of most families, Bacall and Rock Hudson, a handsome figure that is impossible. Hadley's young friends and business associates, the old man's representative, and the desire is not May be able to achieve Malone's) despite the dependence in the country But it is not much The memory here is a way of filming with a truly beautiful dress for the composition and editing. The director Sirk attracted his audience into this picture by filming Technicolor, with the most originality. Will do: every picture in this movie From the eyes of the pink Cadillac, like a tank, pulling up at the front door of a huge mansion to the luxurious decor of a luxury hotel in Miami. The shade of the spectrum almost makes it impossible to see the diversity of they And the dramatic scene includes the use of camera angles, tilting, shadows and editing, which shows the greatest impact in the scene where Malone, the rebellious and drunk, uninhibited dancing in the upper bedroom of you Dreadfully walking up the stairs The scene is so breathtaking that you swear that you are experiencing a story about the great Uppalala. What you're really watching is a trash bin that has a lot of fun styles, using awesome technology and refining perfection with visual genius.
