Is a great movie I will admit that it is very ambitious with the story. In less than two and a half hours, it is a very long movie as well. But these pointers are not flawed in any way. Cry Freedom, despite a slight flaw But it is a powerful, moving and interesting film about the story of black activist Steve Biko in his fight to raise South Africa to wake up in the midst of the apartheid It is true that the first half is stronger than the second half in terms of emotional impact. People complain that this movie suffers from too much wood. I may be wrong, but even though it is Biko's story, but it has been told in Woods's view, Woods is an important character. Transfer the story of Biko to the world. <br /> <br /> Cry Freedom is amazingly visible. By filming a film that shows the stopping and spectacular scenery of South Africa, it is a visual feast. The opening scene is excellent. George Fenton's song makes the most real weight. It is a delicate matter in the scene in the second half. But excited and amazing in the crowd scene The script has excellent quality. The scene in Biko's courtroom is enough to make you think that wow, this is a real quality. The first half with Biko is the main focus. Whether it was a police attack from South Africans or the death of Biko in the second half of all about Donald Woods with less emotional punches But was compensated by means of shooting, acting and writing <br /> <br /> The performance is special from all actors, from secondary characters to both actors. There is no bad performance at all. But how easy forgiveness is that the show attracts you into Denzel Washington. In his less-than-performing performances, truly interesting performances such as Biko and Kevin Kline show that he can do well. At the drama while he was a comedian because he had a delicate performance that was appropriate to match Washington's And the chemistry of the two men is reliable and never hit the wrong message. Penelope Wilton is cute like Donald Wendy's wife and she is a great actress anyway From a show that supports and may have some bias clearly for me One of them is Timothy West, who has a role as captain of the warlock. Another is John Taew, who had never before had a special role in the chilling role as Krueger. The direction of Lord Richard Attenborough is focused and sensitive as usual. <br /> <br /> Overall, it's a truly wonderful movie. It is ambitious and long-lasting. But never stagnated to attract power and move horribly The absolute winner from Lord Richard Attenborough and deserves more praise. 10/10 Bethany Cox
