CRY FREEDOM is an excellent primer for those who want an overview of the brutality of apartheid in just a few hours. Famous director Richard Attenborough (GANDHI) is not a stranger for the genre and collaboration of Mr. and Mrs. Woods in real life, which is the main white character in their books and in this film makes CRY FREEDOM Now, the video has actually been released for more than 2 and a half hours since the insertion of a special 23-minute image to be a two-part TV drama after the initial drama drama lettres While the added length serves to increase the level of forgotten movies: uneven character development and blanket patterns, especially possible defects (Confirmation of the fate of the white characters. Watching CRYING FREEDOM is a movie about politics and education in the past. (As I think it should be more than artistic art) The story is something that only black Africans know, even though the younger generation may have to watch. Movies and target groups have always hoped that they will change. Now, twelve years after the production of the movie CRY FREEDOM is a more interesting movie to watch. Nearly ten years after the majority of blacks' rule, at least in theory, the concept of CRY FREEDOM in 1987 remains and has not happened yet. Therefore, there is still the same need as white South Africans, especially minors who just heard these actions to see and absorb the text of the movie. In contrast to American slavery and the revelation of the Jewish Holocaust, the South African struggle has been told by only two or three stories: CRY FREEDOM, CRY THE CROV THE BELOVED COUNTRY (OK, count twice if you Including remake) and SARAFINA (Did I miss it?) All three dramas also had an awkward American and British actor in both white and black roles. Not a South African actor who plays a major role in white, Indian or black!) And yes, I miss South Africa's foreign drama. Another story is MANDELA and DEKLERK, although being introduced to the biography. (Which is highly recommended) After the majority of blacks' rules were established, MANDELA was played by black Americans. (Sidney Poitiers, who starred in the CRY THE BELOVED COUNTRY film), while Afrikaner DeKlerk a (bald) Michael Caine, a very powerful Englishman, if you can deny that the essence of Afrikanerdom is resistance against feelings. England until the local SABC TV and African movies begin to deal with their heritage. CRY FREEDOM is the real thing you will get. As a white person (Especially African) is depicted in the villified audience (non-casual) observers going to South Africa, although in the year 1999, not to mention in 1977, when CRY FREEDOM occurs, people will generally find the attitude of white people towards the skin. black Even the image When looking at CRY FREEDOM, it is an understanding of the problem. It is amazing that reconciliation can happen at all, and it is like that. But when CRY FREEDOM shows not much, there are many changes in the hearts of many people. The goal of black Africans on freedom and reconciliation is still ongoing. This is the reason why if you are a novice to the situation, CRY FREEDOM is your best advice.
