In some cases, The Wrath of Kriemhild is more than the death of Siegfried, but lost the greatness of this film. The story of this story is stronger than the first story, which is quite amazing. In the second half of the actual poem, it is a very poetic and difficult poem that will trample until you go to the battle scene for the highest point. Only the Iliad will be better. Lang and Harbo decorated Han Composer of poetry Nibelungenlied Did not recognize Han from his right ball and hence they were more or less the same as the Burgundians traditionally, for example, although the poet clearly explained that Etzel was a pagan (Which is Kriemhild's main concern as Rudiger tries to convince her to marry him). When she arrives in Hunland, the first thing she does is go Han here is a heretic. They are almost like a caveman. Their depiction is a joke, especially a comedian with two magical scenes. Etzel's character gained more weight. He is more scary. All he did was regret his fate in the original poem. Lang and Harbo have the expertise to create doubts, especially in the party scene, which is a combination between Verbal's second performance for dramatic effects. However, like the nature of this half poem, the remarkable technical success of the film disappeared in this respect, except for the sparkling scene in which the hall of Etzel burned with the Nibelungs inside. One thing I have to oppose is Harbou changing. Spoiler Ends: In the poem after Hildebrand catches Hagen and Gunther, they are imprisoned. Kriemhild visits Hagen in the cell and demands that he reveal that he hides the crowd. Where? He refused, and she decapitates herself to make her brother. When Hagens continued to deny, she decapitates him. (Or perhaps Trish) is extremely disgusting that a woman will think of killing the great warrior he turned to decapitates. She calls her "female devil". Etzel, the weak in the poem more than he is here. Say something stupid, like: "Oh, I am!" I can understand why they want to maintain a sense of time and place like Hildebrand leads them out of the castle. Keeping the prison of the two deceased will make the film against violence. I also understand why they didn't kill Hildebrand. Kriemhild: His character has been greatly reduced. His name was mentioned only once, but in order for Kriemhild to commit suicide by accepting Brynhild's death from Iceland, it was only for the audience to challenge them. The point of the poem is that Kriemhild's anger goes far beyond what should be entered into the pure evil kingdom. Here we just let her die because of the lost love. It's not interesting.
