Humorous and humorous stories about jealousy and infidelity that surrounds the marriage of the beetle, the animation pioneer of Russian animation Wladyslaw Starewicz "Mest kinematograficheskogo Full of high-quality stop-motion puppets and no imagination problems. <br /> <br /> Mr and Mrs Beetle have a completely uneventful marriage and both desire a lot of excitement in their lives. up The desire of Mr. Beetle can be satisfied with the beautiful, beautiful dancers at the nightclub. "Gay Dragon Fly", which he visited every time he traveled to do business in the city She is the only one who understands him. A friend of this dancer, an aggressive grasshopper, was jealous that Mr Beetle stole his woman and the fate would be like that. He was also a movie photographer. The grasshopper behind Mr. Beetle and his acquaintances went to the hotel room where he photographed their behavior through the keyhole. <br /> <br /> At the same time, Beetle received a friend to add excitement to Her life. He is an artist and he brings her paintings to gifts before they sit on the couch for intimacy. However, at that time, Mr Beetle went home and witnessed all the phenomena. As Mr Beetle threw through the front door, an artist's friend walked into the chimney. But he did not run away, where he had not let his anger and frustration before him In the following statement: "Mr. Beet Chaidee, he forgives his wife and takes her to watch the movie." He was kind enough to forgive her, but he just cheated a few minutes earlier. At this point, we have not forgotten the jealous film photographer who has planned revenge, and it is not surprising that he became a screenwriter in the movie Mr. and Mrs. Beetle. Enjoying is an image of the infidelity of Mr. Beetle and his angry wife, banging his head with an umbrella with an umbrella before the feared and angry husband dives through the cinema screen to search for Tak. Their> <br /> In the final scene, both you and Mrs. Bateman Myrtle grateful now that more and more time in prison because of fire when he tried to avenge last Beetle. We hope that "Will life in the beetle's home be exciting in the future?" The film seems to be just the story of the arrival of tiny insect species, but Starewicz is communicating more than that. Isn't this a story about insects? It's a story about us. And it's really accurate, right?!
