For animation lovers, it is necessary. But even the general audience will enjoy CAMERAMAN's REVENGE, which is the first example of 'pixilation' by Wladyslaw Starewicz, a hard-working pioneer. Starewicz and his assistants try to lay out a flexible insect to tell this story by paving the way. For Willis O'Brien, George Pal, Ray Harryhausen and the creators of many modern digital effects. <br /> <br /> The camera's revenge takes about 10 minutes but contains interesting details. A. My follow the story follows the adventures of two exciting insects from their homes to hotels, nightclubs and theaters in the prison cell. There are two short dance numbers at the nightclub. (Played by frogs and dragonflies) The battle between the beetle and the grasshopper and Donny Brooke, large at the theater, which ended with a projector that flared into flames. Sensitive explanations in 1912, even John Bray and Winsor MacCay, were just beginning and Walt Disney was still in elementary school. <br /> <br /> It's interesting to know as well. of The movie title card is silent, able to tell the story. I have seen two versions of this movie presented by two video companies and watching them back-to-back and although the image content is almost the same. But two different sets of subtitles tell two different stories (And the storyline given above) tells the third story, which shows that there is another version there), the publication of the British Film Institute, which has rhyming rhymes telling the story of two secretly married ladybugs This information is from each other to receive the legacy of the late father. Another edition printed from Russia tells a simpler story of a wedding beetle that is infidel. In the Russian version, Mr. Beetle visited his girlfriend at the nightclub "Gay Dragonfly" while Bill Beetle, an English brother, visited his wife at the music-hall. Personally, I liked the straightforward story - And about spicier - Russian stories; The BFI version tries to cram too many simple stories, and some songs are quite uncomfortable. <br /> <br /> Still a delightful movie and in any sense will be the ideal leader for the event. Other wonderful animation, which has a yellow beetle, a submarine
