If this is the original version of the TESS OF THE STORM in 1914 (or starring Mary Pickford), I might give a much higher score because of the melodrama and sentiment rather than a normal teenager. However, in the year 1922, this movie began to show age. And compared to many other Pickford films (such as DADDY LONGLEGS, SPARROWS, MY BEST GIRL and SUDS), TESS appeared briefly - and not all of Picford's merit. (Even though she is ") now doesn't say it's a bad movie - it's definitely not, but I can't see that there are so many movies at 10. <br /> <br /> This film has a very long and complex story, especially Especially since each film in that period is shorter than most. The rich old crank creates a mansion at the top of the hill next to the river. At the bottom of the hill there are dirty squatters that he doesn't like. But he can't drive So he tried to find a variety of ways to take them out of the land. One ended in a tragedy when his daughter's fiancé was killed in a fight with the Po man. The man accused of murder was the father of Mary, though he was innocent. To make things worse, the only witness in the true murder will not speak and the dead conceive his fiance! So at this point, we have an innocent man in a prison waiting for execution and the pregnant woman is afraid to tell her father that she is "Family Way" There are many more for this film, such as the crank's son who fell in love with Mary. But it is best for you to see this movie for yourself. <br /> <br /> This film is excellent in many ways. The plot, while very complex, is quite interesting and The movie is great. The final scene is very cute. However, there is a very open feeling that you can cut it with a knife. Mary is a good person and very sweet and bold. Sometimes the audience may find it difficult to do. While it worked well in 1922 (making her the greatest star in the world), but today it is very old. This is not true of all of her films. But of course, <br /> <br /> By the way, the Image Entertainment DVD has the right quality, although some scenes are badly degraded. Surprisingly, considering the age of the movie In addition, the only thing that is included in it is the short work.
