Madhur Bhandarkar gives all the ingredients to it. But the best part is he doesn't forget to give the ingredients It is short and sharp for the audience and is the audience to choose at the moment. Page 3 is a revelation of vain truth, regardless of the roughness attached to it. <br /> <br /> Madhavi (Konkan Sharma ) Is a journalist and enjoys her work A simple and peaceful life that is loved by you with a caring girlfriend and Pearl's roommate. She covers the Nation Page 3 (Celebrity Page) of Nation Today, which she has Deepak Suri, who is a very supportive editor ( Boman Irani) But life turned out to be something she had to face when she first met a bit. Omigosh! The new world is waiting for you there. She was shocked, excited, amazed by the revelation. Her reaction resulted in a loss of work. At the end, she returned to page 3. Now when she meets a famous person at a party, she knows that the true look of each person is hidden under a bad face. <br /> <br /> Movie With a rough message, the audience must get it in their own color Great theme and screenplay There are many good ideas to prepare the audience. As well as the club playing in front of the exhibition about pedophiliac, a short suspicion before gay acts in the bathroom The dialogue was strong and the actors were good at presenting the two words of Charu Mohanty, talking about the book, and he was very successful in saying two words with such intelligence. Choosing a dress is better. Where does the song stand? But they want the background. Atul Kulkarni has a small role that has a high impact. There are a few visible flaws. Atul Kulkarni explains Konkan Sharma that honesty should be tagged with intelligence. There may be a better conversation. This is like teaching. The meeting between Thapar and her daughter didn't claim to be shown. The scene looks unprofessional. <br /> <br /> Overall, it's a movie that needs to be watched along with the choice before the accident with the child. That may cause you to lose your temper.
