Madhur Bhandarkar directed this film that should reveal the way of life of the rich and famous, while still commenting on the integrity of journalism today. <br /> <br /> The celebrity party is endless. Like to see in these parties And to be exposed in the media In fact, this film will allow us to believe that this exposure makes stars out of society and the newspaper has a great hand. In this regard, IMO has more collaborations between celebrities and the media and it is a kind of relationship. "I need you, you want me." However, the media wants more celebrities and not vice versa. However, in this ongoing party environment, the social column (page 3 of the newspaper) will be thrown. Konkana Sen Sharma reporter, she shows that this celebrity is very popular in social gatherings. She has a good friend in gay Abhijeet and in a struggling model Rohit (Bikram Saluja). She stayed with the flight attendant ?? The cheeky pearls (Sandhya Mridul) and the struggling actress - Gayatri (Tara Sharma), the newspaper editor, is Boman Irani and the winner of the Atbr Kulkarni crime contest. The film has almost too many characters and characters. But working at a certain level The rich will show that it is rotten to the core. Most of this film shows that it is not very appealing to the cast of the situation, the use of the power of thirst from the media exposure. From all of this, the homosexual layer found homosexuality that seemed to be irrelevant to the subject or plan of drug use. Rampant police "found" death in terms of all the desires of this pearl to have the richest husband. Socialize, like to indulge in sex in a car, women who are all women are harmless. <br /> <br /> This film has a great performance Certainly Konkana Sen Sharma, Atul Kulkarni has almost no role at all ?? Unfortunately in my opinion But the supporting actors are more capable (Boman Irani is very good). This is what protects me. Mr. Bhandarkar bites more ways than he can chew or transform into celluloid and change the movie to be free for all bashing. I hope he will focus on one or two aspects of social illness and explore them more effectively. He berates the social exploitation. But he himself took advantage of all the masala ingredients needed for the movie to be successful. We have an item number in the frame of the Bollywood theme party. Children dance out the perfect choreography to the beat of the west. I hope that the next from Madhur Bhandarkar dares to leave a mixture of more deadly Hindu movies. This film is a brave attempt. (Although there are drawbacks) definitely worth the look.
