Page 3 is one of the movies in which Madhur Bhandarkar shows social filth. This movie is interesting. But like most movies of Bhandarkar, it's a movie that has one and many aspects too. This movie is about journalism, tabloid gossip, celebrities. This film reveals the life of a society that has a boastful, exaggerated, strange and disgusting lifestyle. They party. They don't care about anything except fame. They plan a party at the funeral. They want more money and are more famous. They will do everything to get the attention of the media to get the name. Type bravely A column called "Page 3" with large photos that will be the center of people's conversation. They were interested in seeking pride and hypocrites. The film industry shows that being lazy by casting couches is a common phenomenon among filmmakers. That is what our lovable heroines, social journalist Madhvi Sharma, are throwing away all these people from Mumbai's elite, depending on her article and she is the right person to be friends with these parties if You want her to talk about you in her article. Later in the movie, we learn that even the fellow Madhvi's friends are no different from these noble people. This is a difficult look for me, even though this movie is absolutely brave and the issues related to it are interesting. <br /> <br /> The film's music is common. The only song that can be passed is "Kitne Ajeeb" and "Huzoor-E-Ala", sung by two melodies, Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhosle, respectively. Otherwise, the soundtrack is not good. One particularly scary song is "Filmy Very Filmy". The film's writing is quite good. In the second half, it was better at the beginning because it was more true and caused significant problems such as terrorism and child abuse. That is what the film must applaud. It is sad to know that people like to ignore such crimes with the fear and disappointment of Konkona Sen Sharma's characters. It's very easy to be involved. She is a great person throughout the story, and her performance in the final scene is particularly impressive. Atul Kulkarni is very small, but he does this justice. Boman Irani is strong as the editor of the newspaper Sandhya Mridul. Beloved as Madhvi's roommate, who is married to an old man for money and is honest enough to accept it. The ending of this movie is very well done and gives some relief after an incredibly difficult operation. Page 3 is a good movie. It is interesting and sometimes moving. But the level of attention and general quality of the film is exaggerated, the messy and negative images of the rich and celebrities
