While visiting Romania with CIA's father, Tony (Adam Archin), a very talented high school defender who is seen as helping his team to win over rival Simpson. finally Romania, people are not allowed to read many books, so she read the palm books) that he will be bitten by a werewolf. ("When the full moon does not make any appointments ... you will be busy") Who will get it? Tony is the truth. Bite and his life will change forever. After his father died unlucky in a bombing place (!) Under strange circumstances (shooting his werewolf son in a metallic ball shelter is not a good idea, especially if the bullet isn't Out of the room and bouncing around like a lost pinball. Tony travels through endless land until he is tired of packing and returning for many decades (.. and Thib Many people later) hope to bring his football team to win the Simpson .. long time ago. What was once a clean white high school has changed into a slum of drug use, violence and Distortion If you want to know what the prom party of the Full Moon High School in the early 1980s looks like, think of Studio 54 and teenagers .. Larry Cohen's werewolf parody among other things is filled with jokes and stories. The comedy sequence that I like has one of the sex classes that Tony reveals about werewolf changes in his class in the 80s and the preliminary scenes of Dr. The brand (Alan Arkin, who stole this movie when Kenneth Mars was not on the screen), the worst psychiatrist in the world His job to talk about jumper leads to two men falling on the balcony .. Jumper and firefighter (At first, trying to talk him out of it) Both the crazy cough at the brand! The brand also tried to let Tony sign the transfer because his body was donated to science so he could get his wife's fur coat! Kenneth Mars let me roll on the floor as a homosexual football coach (.. and later in the 80s as a headmaster) who likes to slap his players on the back .. this scene that Tony is carrying Shoot the truth with classics, classics, movies, full of inspiring selection of actors .. just strewn with funny characters and interpretations of actors .. just like Ed McMahon As a head engineer The bra that looked like Joseph McCarthy stood alongside his photo. Joanne Nail was always talking about the commission, while Ricky looked at the eyes today who fell in love with the werewolf Elizabeth Hard. A Patch of Blue as Messi teacher, sexually defamatory (... and deceitful) James Dixon is secondary (.. His wonderful scene makes him steal a line from his police chief. Brand, who started talking to himself to memorize), Roz Kelly is a female Jane For Tony only, himself constantly demanding him to fight her and Bill Kirchenbauer while Tony's friend Flynn for a long time and now the police chief who just got Jane after his friend Out of town, can't forget JM J Bullock as Flynn's closest gay son. Trying to go to school hoping to find hilarious results. <br /> <br /> I like the way the movie is. This homage to the werewolf as he. In the prowl .. He is often referred to in the newspaper as Jack The Nipper because he likes to bite his prey on the cheek .. and I don't talk. He saw that it was more annoying than dangerous. Respect for Carrie and Psycho is good and the violin shtick is fun too. Cohen threw a lot of zingers that the audience eventually had to stick to. Obviously, in this comedy, it is not a joke about everything that it is a mark, but many actors make it worth it. The movie looks cheap according to Larry Cohen's budget. In general, observe the scene 50, where the old members are clearly visible on the street, wearing wigs Love Adam is the leader .. He is the perfect foil for jokes that follow him and zingers users flying from Cohen's script. This movie moves fast, not catchy. I like horror movies more than it seems.
