I'm not kidding about the summary and vote! The video vendor has packed this thing like a typical 80s werewolf movie, but in reality, the greatest horror parody you can imagine when making a horror movie "Blazing Saddles" for the West. I've seen many comedians, both good, bad, silly, strange (often walking without being compressed) and I think comedy must be the hardest type for filmmakers and actors. work Touch to make things successful and be a part of good ideas. "Full Moon High" is inflated with many good ideas. In fact, it can make the Zucker / Abrams team of "planes" and "Empty gun" easily shame One of the best of these is the presence of Ed McMahon in the lead role as the decoder cracking the right-wing John Birch style. The joke is not a scandal, nonsense and word play is a non-stop character And everything, including the kitchen sink, was thrown down. The ironic voice, similar to "Back to the Future" <br /> <br /> Some people (like almost every reviewer here) must be closed by the spirit of Chaos here Significant But I almost died with laughter and this is one of those movies you never knew. The crazy situation will happen next. Larry Cohen did not perform comedy before before, because this movie B made him feel like he had to waste time by combining the jokes he or his colleagues thought if Mel Brooks did things. This critics must identify as a comic masterpiece. But since Cohen was created, he was expelled from school. Critical reviews have called this movie "stupid" stupid? What is funny - serious ?! However, I laughed out loud for this movie more than I thought. Cohen creates fun for everyone - combining himself with many references to his brand in creating low-rent movies. He and the actor must have a complete explosion. <br /> <br /> Humor is great. Mel Brooks-ish and everyone who loves Jewish humor or watching a lot of B movies (especially horror) will love this. . Trust me: rare movies are not difficult and as long as you accept what is - roller coaster, belly laugh, there is no excuse about social value - then you will really enjoy it !! <br >> <br /> One nasty thing: Whether this should go down in history as one of Bob Saget show ever (though briefly) that was really funny.
