I don't know why people except cheap indie movies But I like this movie because I'm a fan of horror movies in the city. There are not many horror movies in the city, so when I saw this film on the shelves, only one name peaked my curiosity. So I decided to try it out, and I was surprised ... It's not often that you will be able to screen in a low-budget indie horror movie with great performances and a good story. Low budget, right? Yes. Can you tell that it has a low budget? Yes ... but when you start watching movies, you will feel confused about what it doesn't matter. I like hip hop music as well and the soundtrack is good! I don't know what happened to these bad reviews for this movie. All I hear is "Are the worst movies ever?" Did these stupid people watch every movie? There are thousands of movies. How do you categorize one "worst"? Videos that are not "movies" like "zombiez" may be the worst movie I've ever seen. But I can't say that it's the worst movie ever, because I didn't see every movie. Bottom line, these people who give bad reviews may come from the suburbs. Listen if you don't like urban minority movies, slum movies, hip hop etc. Why do you have to watch these movies in the movie ??? !!! Do you know that you don't like this type of thing? Of course, this is a horror movie. But it's not just a horror movie But is a horror movie URBAN that has many cultural actors I don't like TV shows like Dawson's Creek or OC THEY SUCK with me. Movies like "Garden State", "Wedding Crashers" and "I heart huckabees" SUCK with me. I'm a guy from New Jersey and these items and movies suck to me. why? Because I can't relate to them They ignore my highest point. Just common sense Believe me, I'll never be able to see. GARDEN STATE 2: GARDEN SALAD, WEDDING CRASHERS 2: This is the sequel to torture you again since the very first suck, and my heart's dance. Now, go back and watch this movie about saint405's comments above. I don't know if this man smoked or was "stupid" by his drunken father before he watched the movie. But for me, everyone works well The actor who played Ricky (I forgot his name). Works very well. I am an actor who wants myself at the theater at my school and I have to play where I have to cry and it is not easy to be emotional in the scene, so I give props to actors who have to do emotional scenes and Can pull it off. Anywho I like this movie and have never heard about these actors and directors before. But you bet I will look for what they are doing and if they read this, BRING ON THE SEQUEL !!! I go out Jerzee Representin '!
