Welcome to Oakland where the deceased players and even the boys in the DA skirt can't stop them. This direct-to-low-price video production seems to coincide with the time of the Land of the Dead launch, the latest part of the famous Zombie Series of George A. Romero. Slum settings and hip-hop soundtracks The app may give additional attention to the hounds in the city. Ricky (Carl Washington) works at a medical research center while raising Jermaine (Brandon Daniels), his brother. But teenagers who are tired of macaroni and cheese in the house, their passages, rather spend their time hanging out with friends at Marco and Kev streets. Clearly, there is not much for an African dropout - American to do on this side of the bay except dealing with drugs and fighting with people in the house. Ricky plans to sell their deceased parents' house and move into the land for the Castro Valley, a middle class environment with a safer environment. Unfortunately, before this happened, the shooting by driving makes Jermaine die on the balcony. Ricky tries the last desperate trick. He told Scotty, who helped his lab to steal some cell restoration recipes that they tested on rats. When the double dose cannot be recovered, Jermaine will have no choice but to call 911, but a joke occurs on the way to the morgue. The boy was overwhelmed like a trembling zombie, chewing an ambulance driver and staggering in the night, bent for revenge and hungry for fresh meat. The extremism of feeding makes the victim more victimized, and before that night over East Bay is a battlefield between creatures and blood-stricken creatures. The horror genre has seen more than the share of cheap filmmakers from Ed Wood to Herschel Gordon Lewis to the Charles Band, but the low budget doesn't mean bad movies. Consider the programmers of Val Lewton (Cat People, The Leopard Man, Isle of the Dead), Roger Corman Poe quickies, Romero's Night of the Living Dead and Halloween Halloween by John Carpenter. The difference between memories and horror is related to Ability and ambition more than money Hood of the Livingers is more fun than the horrors that are worth hundreds of millions of dollars. Economy, charm Cheap movie actors literally wear their own clothes amidst the actual setting. Here, the walkway houses have a new painted wall in neutral tones, giving a sense of coolness as if it were the medieval period of the 50s of Douglas Sirk. The lines seemed more improvised than scripts. "So what are we going to do?" "Just your eyes open for anything of the FN that doesn't look extraordinary." Ricky and Scotty call their boss who calls a young soldier named Romero. "I have a problem. The big thing that we need to take care of quickly. "" Not a problem, "Merc said, speaking off the phone and grabbing his gun Everyone has a gun and even when fighting against zombies, they are on their mobile phones like today? There is exchange of information and natural speech. "What happened?" "We got it with a crazy mother." "Deja F N 'vu. It's a zombie garden again ..." Ricky must blow his big fan out by saying "She's out of hand." Unlike most zombie movies, this story motivates physical abuse. Jermaine takes revenge on the gang that shot him, which will resound. This is the creation of movies in the city that reflect their own social opinions, nearby guerrilla production, to introduce the future of low-budget horror movies that reflect real life instead of reflecting the old ideas. The Quiroz brothers are trademarks of their names. As if expecting a new movement, it may inspire others to tell stories that arise from personal experiences instead. To emulate the Holly Woods weary. Considering the limited resources, Jose and Eduardo Quiroz made cheap properties. But technically acceptable about the people they know Rocky Robinson's photographer has completed the work. Eduardo Quiroz's music is no easier than Carpenter's Halloween themes and hip-hop songs of The Darkroom Familia and others add to the atmosphere. The results will come out well if not exhilarating. They are learning their craft and unique to Lewis and Wood that never did better than their next person.
