There is a picture "Race" almost from the beginning of the movie business. The movie starring almost all of the black castings made by the Poverty Row Studios (often more than the Caucasians do not own) for the slum theater. With the increasing chaos of the city in the 1970s, this idea was restored by the wave of images. "blaxploitation" created for the mill in the city with black actors and cowardly atmosphere over the traditional B-movie plans. This trend spread to horror features with names like Blacula, Blackenstein and Sugar Hill that gave Standard service in the monster model blaxploitation And it didn't die by closing theaters in most cities ?? It gradually eased into the age of video and still has direct releases with low-level DVDs like this. Ed's Hood of the Living Dead and Jose Quiroz use the latest popularity of horror movies for hip hop audiences. Ricky (Carl Washington) is a young scientist in Oakland trying to prevent Jermaine (Brandon Daniels), his younger brother, from trouble after the death of his parents. After Jermaine was shot by a drug dealer in driving, Ricky decided to use a new experimental cell formation formula that he was doing in an effort to save a teenager's life. It seems that his efforts are useless and Jermen's body is taken away. However, the body never went to the morgue? Jermaine moves again in the coroner's van as a hungry zombie. He killed the driver and then pursued the group that killed him, spread the infection wherever he went. Upon hearing from Jermaine Kevin's friends (Derek Taylor II) and Marco (Raul Martinez) about the gangsters attack, Ricky felt that the only thing to do was catch Jermaine and try to cover all things before he and the conspirators of Scott (Angelo) is arrested for assault. However, soon they found that the spread spread too quickly for them to control it. By making things easy, the Quiroz team can create a little scary without expanding to the point that things start to look awkward. They also add a bit more interesting business. When confronted with zombies for the first time, Scott tells Ricky that "Shoot him wearing a head like in a movie!" ?? As effective as the method of discovering how to kill zombies Extra twists will be added when the first shot doesn't kill the brain. Another advantage is that the soundtrack uses Eminem's limited sub-style rap. Just put in the standard "creepy" song.
