Most bad comments on this website accuse "Hood of the Living Dead" for the following reasons. (Or more): 1) It is a movie with a low budget, almost without acting. 2) It's terrible to make me laugh. 3) It's something I can do by myself. I will not talk about the first issue because it is very personal, whether you like low budget and being free. I must say that I still do not understand people who rent movies such as "Hood of the Living Dead" and are surprised when they know that it is not contradictory and cute like a romantic comedy with Lindsay Lohan or Matthew Mc Conaughey. The second point, I don't see that there is anything wrong with laughing. I like to laugh and love movies that make me a comedian or horror movie when in "Hammerhead". I saw this woman stepping into PUDDLE and the shark man came out to eat her. I just broke. And I am grateful that the director made the stupid scene and made me fully enjoy the ten seconds. Actually, laughing made me feel good, while many people who wrote the reviews saw it as a bad thing. If you just want to feel sad and scared while watching the movie "Hood of the Living Dead" and the low price flick isn't exactly right for you. But please don't tell us that you think it's laughing. We know. This may be the reason we decided to watch movies from the beginning. However, it is the third point that is totally baffling. Just a few years ago, people lined up from the cinema to see "Blair Witch Project", a tedious way to dull and inconsistent movies than "Hood of the Living Dead" (and use their own methods. As well Also, more than half a million people go on YouTube every day to watch short films of "Lonelygirl15" which is something everyone has a cute girlfriend, room and webcam can do! No need to mention the more specialized videos you can find. Why don't people blame those clips for bad performances and no existing plot? I think it is one of the best things in the era when everyone with the right technology and many friends can create their own movies and share with people with similar interests. And I feel admired by those who spend the weekend with friends making this bad piece of garbage (still refreshing) instead of buying at a department store or playing video games alone Abandon your prejudice and your desire to listen like a genius movie critic by attacking the movie b and you will see "Hood of the Living Dead" can bring almost fun to the creator! If you have a taste of horror movies that are refreshing and fun, I recommend "Zombiez", "The Ghosts of Edendale", "The Killer Eye", "Monster Man", "Don't look into the basement", "Movies The worst horror ever created "," Redneck Zombies "," Jesus Christ Vampyre-Slayer "and" Habit "
