I haven't seen "Incredible travel" original since I was a kid, so I can't compare both versions. This model tells the story of three animals, two dogs and a cat, which the owner left with friends in the countryside when the family's father had to work in San Francisco. Pets believe that they have been abandoned, fleeing and traveling to the wilderness for a long time through the wilderness. <br /> <br /> This story may be most easily taken as a cartoon. But both versions are real life - action movies that are created from real animals One important difference is that in later generations, animals speak with human voice, giving each person a different personality, something that is not done in the original movie. (The device used to talk to similar animals in the latest children's movies, such as "Racing Stripes"). Some critics are quite sniffing about using this device. But in my own view, animals have their own distinctive personalities to help create a movie rather than making it weak. The animal is voiced by a big star named Don Ameche, Michael J. Fox and Sally Fields. <br /> <br /> Both dogs are male and their relationship is similar to many humans in the movie. " Buddy - Buddy "The golden retriever is a smart and experienced dog. The chance that the younger brother is stubborn, cocky and impulsive Towards the eyes of the British, the chance to look like a boxer But actually an American bulldog, which is clearly a variant of the British cousin Cheeky cat is a woman with a fairly normal and appropriate personality. She is proud of her status as a cat, which in her eyes makes her superior to every dog ​​("Cat Rules, Dogs Hold!") <br /> <br /> From an adult's perspective, this movie has flaws. many It may be some emotion, event (Such as animals that can shoot mountain lions into the river) is unbelievable and the human characters have forgotten all However, this is a movie that mainly focuses on children and I think they will enjoy it a lot. Of course, children who love animals will do that. (Comments from some professional critics, such as James Berardinelli, who complained that the sound of the animal had been reduced "The Greatness" of the movie, just to enhance my view that professional critics are not the best way for children's movies. About "Homeward Bound" focused on its greatness) <br /> <br /> One thing that adults appreciate is the shooting of the Sierra Nevada mountains. They may appreciate the mix of humor and excitement of this film because pets that are inevitable face danger such as bears, lions, mountains and hedgehogs in the wilderness. This is a very fun family movie. 7/10
