This comment has spoilers !! <br /> <br /> There are a few actors who do not exist. Quality that comes Congenital, which is a combination of special abilities, beautiful and swagger. It is a quality that can truly distinguish good actors from the great. I think George Clooney has it and Jack Nicholson as well. You can see the deep touch of Clooney in various scenes as well as Andy Garcia bye in his words when they just say their names as disgusting "Terry." "Danny "You can choose Jack's performance, whether it's the Five Easy Pieces in the restaurant, until A Few Good Men and the scene in his courtroom. These guys just have it. You can add Denzel Washington to the list of unique small actors that show great qualities in everything he does. If you look at his explosive border line image in The Siege to praise his impressive tribute to Malcolm X in Spike Lee's same movie, you will see that there are no performers that perform better. I'm not talking about all this to imply that Man On Fire is perfect just because of Denzel's work, but he is an absolute producer. I was truly delighted with some of his scenes that were raw, emotionally and incendiary at the same time. <br /> <br /> Washington plays the role of a former spy or agent CIA or one of the secret operatives. the government He hit the bottom of the stone, very beautiful because he was indifferent to the life he was leading. He has killed and may do the best things that have not been spoken and this makes him a hardened and bitter person. His friends and counselors, played by Christopher Walken, are Canadians living in Mexico, making life very comfortable by providing security services to the body. Clearly, the kidnapping business in Mexico is so lively that the former, who is paid and can do very well while providing the necessary services. Creasey wants a job and a job with the family to do, which seems to have financial problems. Mark Anthony is a good person, like Samuel Radha Mitchell, sexy, seductive because Lisa and Dakota Fanning, his wife, are great and wonderful like Pita. I don't know that her childhood can have a loud moment. Saying how to play the character she can do, but her Pita interpretation is nothing. The first half of this film is based on the relationship between Pita and Creasy, and if there are weaker actresses in this chapter, perhaps emotional feelings may not occur concisely. But Fanning does not have anything to stand out in this role. <br /> <br /> It's the relationship between Pita and Creasy that pushes the film to the top of the cinema. They help each other perfectly and develop the true bond between them. Tony Scott directs people with urgency and his eyes that see the flames have never been better. I am interested in seeing how the next Domino story will come out. I think Scott is one of the top rated directors today and with more than one movie, his name will be upgraded to icon status. <br /> <br /> Creasy story Take to Pita. There is a clear link between the two of them and maybe it is due to the fact that although Pita will love her father. But he is still not much He was a philanthropist and apparently had little time to spend time with his family. Soon, Creasy was bringing Pita to her swimming competition. He is reading her bedtime story and she named her "Creasy" teddy bear. It is not just a friendship between them. It is more kinship and it seems that the deep love of parents appears. <br /> < br /> The film changed gear when Pita was kidnapped and ransomed and Creasy was almost seriously injured trying to protect her. This is where the story is dense with friction and ripening with deception because the plot of the plot is resolved like an onion. And this is where Denzel became a tour power As I said before, I saw Denzel giving a great performance in movies such as Crimson Tide and Training Day, but I never saw him like this. He was a man who was overwhelmed and with the possibility that Pita would die, he became a man of fire. It got angry at him as he hunted and made his brand out. Denzel's anger and acumen are widespread and cannot be easily suppressed as he pursues each person responsible for Pita's abuse. All of this is a fair vigil because the Mexican authorities seem to be the only step behind. <br /> <br /> The most important thing for this film's ingenuity is that there are a few movies that make criminals free. I am often frustrated with watching movies that criminals can easily release. They made all sorts of abuses throughout the story. Then they fired a gun and died. But not in this film, author Brian Helgeland sees that the punishment here is unclear and painful. The perpetrators here are angry at Carcy and they experience the torment he has released. There is no meaning about his brand of justice. He needs information and people lose fingers. He needs answers and bombs in the house in places that are for other things. There is no penetration here and this is one of the true strengths of the movie. <br /> <br /> Man on Fire is one of the five. The best movie of 2004, now it's released on DVD. My advice is to get SE full of bonus features, including about 6 hours of documentaries and different opinion tracks. 10/10
