When I remember seeing an example of this movie and didn't think of anything more It's almost one of those movies that when you see the sample, it's amazing. When it comes out, you won't hear anything and think about it all. Man On Fire is one of those movies. I want to know about rent once, and I decided to go home with me, renting my precious blockbuster in my hand. I watched it and watched this beautiful movie. It's unique ... drama and action combined to create amazingly amazing things. The movie made by Tony Scott is very good and unique in other movies. Subtitles can explain something without having to listen to real sounds and music is very interesting for setting I entered this movie and ended up buying it as soon as I could escape from the house and go to Best Buy. I watched it many times. Denzel Washington (Crise) works amazingly by becoming a former soldier of special forces without thought. People who have no reason to live. Dakota Fanning (Pita) returns his life with endless love. His presence towards him from the beginning They were bound and became good friends until she was kidnapped by the famous gangsters. A part of La Hermandad Creasy (Denzel) told Dakota Fanning's mother that he would hunt down the murderer by fearing that Pita had died. Creasy shows the person he can be. He uses his contact list from the kidnapping of Pita and Creasy's hospitalization to find a man and he begins to pursue. My favorite thing is in this movie when Christopher Walken told AFI representative, "A man is a work of art in everything he does .... cook anything. Creasy's art is death ... to draw. His masterpiece "He played the role of a friend and old friend of Creasy. After finally pursuing the brother of" The Voice ", La Hermandad Creasy's leaders held a meeting to exchange Pita for himself and The Voice's brother in the end. Most Cre Asy died from being shot earlier and his wound was infected and lost a lot of blood. It is a sincere and sad ending. But it's a great story I love this movie and recommend it to anyone looking for a memorable flick. All in-depth stories are explained from beginning to end and nothing is repeated in any way.
