-Kidnappings in Mexico is as common as honey that gives me a phone number, so if you're rich, you'll need a good bodyguard to keep you and your children safe. The couple was hired to wash the bodyguard named Creasy to protect the cute child Pita. At first, their relationship was a buggy. But soon after, Creasy made the girl and the couple develop a father / daughter relationship. One day, Pita was kidnapped and Creasy was seriously injured in the process. When he woke up, he found that the girl was killed due to a false ransom negotiation and made Creasy on the path. Found someone responsible for her death and made sure that they were brought to justice. Brands> <br /> - Let Tylenol be beside you while watching this movie because you have to take a moment after watching it. I like the story here most to get revenge because most movies often just want revenge. But never went too far because this film shows how much men can do what he feels is right The only problem is the annoying visual style that may make you hate movies or hate Tony Scott. I was really sorry for the film director because I was sure that he came into the film thinking that he was going to film an action movie. And may be excited But he stuck in the DP position for the filmmaker who felt that this movie should Looks like a demon dominated I will not think of anything if crappy images are limited to a few scenes. Action But when it spread throughout the movie, that was when we had a problem. This same annoying style has just been used with "Domino" and is similar to this film, a style that is damaging to great movies. <br /> <br /> - Another person I feel sorry about this movie. Harry Gregson Williams, who has a big responsibility not possible in an attempt to compose shots from the rough. Anyhow, Williams wrote a good song for the movie. But I'm sure this movie is more stable and the song will become much better. The sound is used incorrectly throughout the movie and instead of raising the movie experience, it makes you feel like being punished. Too many subwoofers will irritate because every 5 seconds or so, so you can hear the lowest sound coming out of it. I don't know why Scott thought the audience had to be a subwoofer. But it takes you away from the movie. <br /> <br /> - The performance in this movie is a beast, although the image of Little Fanning is also a great act. Here and the end of the movie makes I am broken If the end of the movie doesn't make anyone cry, then they die inside. Denzel Washington broke his rule of not doing any action movies with this movie and luckily for him he played a great character. The whole idea of ​​a man who is lost in life and suddenly, due to the tragedy, finds that the purpose of his life is nothing new. But Washington brought the heart and emotions to a flat character. I love that we see him as a lonely person to learn to be emotional and after the kidnapping becomes a cool revenge tool. Radha Mitchell plays the wife of Marc Anthony and she along with Fanning are two reasons why I Don't like too much movies. J.Lo's husband came and went to watch movies. But he is not very prominent. Mickey Rourke and Chris Walken all play the least roles in the movie. But they make an impact. <br /> <br /> - One thing that makes me laugh is that filmmakers try to make crappy makeup that they show to Mexico by calling. It's a good city at the end of the movie. A little too late if you ask me Hopefully Tony Scott will do this step by intentionally trying to destroy his career because the filmmakers who are like him and have to do better
