You know you're in a different way when the movie has Christopher Walken playing as a professional actor - and he's not one of the bad guys! Although it has to do with prudence here and there, "Man on Fire" is a powerful crime drama that generally has a vocal range from openly exposed to serious cruelty - and almost every sound. To be able to imagine during br> Denzel Washington, acting as a former Creasy, a CIA killer who had just quit the business and is looking for a way to redeem his sin. Until now, he was looking for answers in bottles and scriptures and did not do good with either. When the film was launched, Mexico City suffered damage from kidnapping, aimed at power and good people, possibly by police forces assigned to keeping law and order in the community. Creasy accepted Position as a bodyguard for the daughter of a wealthy business owner who is afraid of her safety properly. The third film of this film is devoted to the increasing friendship between Creasy and taking care of him. The cute little girl Pita gradually comes to the heart and Creasy's hardened feelings, two-thirds of the movie. The latest story became the Melodrama of Avenging Angel. When Creasy finds and eliminates those responsible for the tragedy that occurred in the beginning of the story, <br /> <br /> based on AJ's novel Quinnell "Man on Fire" written by Brian Helgeland and directed by Tony Scott, is a powerful action movie that is never far from the cruelty of content. It is a risk of asking us to identify with people who are for every intent and purpose to achieve his redemption by torturing and killing people. These killings and violence scenes are both violent and suspicious, even if they do exploits. The better is the quiet and friendly time between Creasy and Pita. In the first part of the Washington and Dakota Fanning films, the excellent, natural and uncomplicated connections that create chaos and chaos follow. <br /> <br /> Washington carries the movie with his quality, righteousness, allowing us to understand his character. At the emotional level, even though what he does makes us intellectually In addition to the two leads, there is also a strong performance from Walken, Marc Anthony, Radha Mitchell, Mickey Rourke, Rachel Ticotin and Giancarlo Giannini. But it's Washington and Miss Fenning, who is happy to steal the show. <br /> <br /> "Man on Fire" should be better by spending about half an hour. But it is still better than the average-thriller crime
