Although released in the midst of a revenge action movie (KILL BILL VOL. 2; THE PUNISHER; WALKING TALL) but MAN ON FIRE works well, just like thanks to Denzel Washington, the most remarkable One of the actors around today. <br /> <br /> In MAN ON FIRE, based on AJ Quinnell's novel in 1980 (first filmed in 1987 with Scott Glenn), Washington played as a former mercenary mercenary. Fortunately, who now bowed to drink from Jack Daniels until The old part Redemption opportunity He was hired as a bodyguard for a 10-year-old daughter (Dakota Fanning) of a Mexican businessman (Marc Antony) and an American wife (Radha Mitchell) while he and his girlfriend Work like oil and water first (Rarely mixed) He will bond with her, encouraging her to swim better while he tries to deal with the devil in the past. It is bound to force Washington to return to the old job when kidnapped and right. Arrested for a ransom of $ 10 million and he was almost killed With almost every other action hero (Schwarzenneger; Segal, etc.). The next bloodshed will be a repeated schlock that we've seen millions of times. But Washington's character, although he killed for a reason But didn't enjoy doing what he did Still, he was assisted by a brave Mexican newspaper reporter (Rachel Ticotin) to reveal "La Hermanidad" (The Brotherhood), a kidnapping gang responsible for Fanning's kidnapping. <br /> <br /> MAN ON FIRE is defective Partly due to the work of the Hyper Camera, editing, editing the headaches and various movies which are shares of director Tony Scott (GUN; CRIMSON TIDE), but not necessarily his identity. (Oliver Stone's witnesses use the editing in JFK or Sam Peckinpah in the classic films of the 60s and 70s). Yet, Scott has also received very good results from Washington, as well as his girlfriend who met. More than a typical grin movie Harry Gregson-Williams's Spanish guitar score South of the border has been enhanced by the combination of Chopin, Debussy and even Linda Ronstadt, the classic version of Rock Country in 1977 of "Blue Bayou". But not much worse than most action movies in the last ten years and overall is better than most
