"The Muppets Take Manhattan" is different in many ways for other Muppet movies created. For this story, it is still the only Muppet movie that was not Disney's in 2008. The film still belongs to 20th Century Fox (CBS Fox at the time of its debut), though. Disney will own the rights of the Muppets. In addition, the film has a non-linear story and unpredictable events. <br /> <br /> Sure, it's hard to beat "Muppet Movie" from 1979. By Particularly suitable since that film. There are more memorable songs than "Manhattan". However, one way that "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is better than "The Muppet Movie" may be a surprisingly realistic situation. In the first movie, all the Muppets have to do is go to Hollywood. Walk into the representative office and they will get a "Rich & Famous" contract. Immediately in this movie, the Muppets learn that they have to work for success. And it is difficult to do that, especially in the entertainment business than they initially thought That is an important and often overlooked message, if anyone is willing to suppress unbelief that Muppets is small and made of cloth, does not need to be in a wide area or even eat in order. Above all, their efforts to accomplish after college graduation create a very good story. Another note: Celebrities in this movie are cool, and they manage to wonder how to take their eyes off the Muppets. That talent has a covenant with Henson and the way to attract the attention of the Muppet character is even more mature <br /> <br /> The "Manhattan" is depressing and this is where I'm sure people won't agree with me. Stay with some important songs, especially in the end. I think the wedding song "He will make me happy" is too somber for happy occasions such as weddings. It sounds like a song played at the funeral. Every time I watch this movie, hearing that song makes me feel depressed, especially when the film starts with an upbeat number, such as "Together Again" and ends happily for that "Saying Goodbye" It's a sad number as well. But it is more appropriate in the movie because the Muppets are separated and are not sure they will meet again The last song is a disappointing song and may add distress to younger viewers who see their favorite Muppets from the big screen. <br /> <br /> "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is Good movie overall That went to the rhythm of the drums that were different from other Muppet movies, including a new film created after Jim Henson and Richard Hunt's death. Fortunately, the film went in the same direction as well. I just hope that this movie will end with better songs that do not have grief. In addition, Disney should have received the copyright of this movie and let it be the correct DVD. Maybe someday we will see
