This film is the third Muppet movie and the last story that Jim Henson is going to be involved in before he dies prematurely in 1990. The first three movies starring the characters that famous I've seen the first and second episodes in the original trilogy "The Muppet Movie" and "The Great Muppet Caper" around the middle ages as a child. But did not see this third person "The Muppets Take Manhattan" until April 2007, shortly after I saw its two ancestors and "Muppet Treasure Island" in 1996 for the first time in many years. This certainly did not disappoint me in the first time I watched, and my second look almost three years later might not have impressed me so much. But if not, then> <br /> the stage drama Muppets 'Manhattan Melodies' becomes a popular hit on their campus. They are going to graduate from college, so they will leave shortly. But decided that they would be together and go to Manhattan to try the show on Broadway After their arrival, they began searching for manufacturers. But after many refusal, they eventually decided to participate and go to find work. Most of them leave town. But Kermit remained and remained determined to find the right manufacturer and gathered the Muppet gang. He got a job at a New York restaurant owned by a man named Pete. Frog rushed to lead the daughter of Pete Jenny, an aspiring fashion designer who currently works at her father's restaurant as a waitress. While Mitchit is still trying to be a star now, with Jenny's help, he doesn't know that Miss Piggy is secretly staying in New York, and now sneaks to him. She started to see Kermit and Jenny together and it seemed that they were approaching, which made her jealous! <br /> <br /> When I watched this movie for the second time, it looked frustrating at first. Seems to rush without focus and may forget about the beginning There are some funny parts of this movie, such as animals chasing women through university audiences. But in a short time, this movie looks gentle compared to its predecessor. Fortunately, it was not long before the change. This film is mostly entertaining with "Saying Goodbye", a funk song that Muppets sang while they were involved and many more that happened after that. The two most funny pieces may be the tantrums of Ms. Piggy after she sees Mitch and Jenny hugging. But there are many times that I laugh, like the poor Fozzie trying to hibernate with other bears. The Muppets still have their charm and comedy, which clearly helps to bring most movies as well as the plot that simple But interesting for all ages There are some weaker periods, such as the Muppet babies sequence and Juliana Donald's show, due to Jenny lacking clarity. But these problems are not too important and far enough to destroy the whole experience. <br /> <br /> I'll say "The Muppet Movie". The movie that started the franchise business in 1979 was the original trilogy. The best and seems to be the most popular opinion This third movie is probably the weakness of the three. But everything is good Which is different from the third "Muppets From Space" of the drama film in the franchise that was made after Henson's sad pass. At least "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is still the Muppets! I will not elaborate on what I think about Muppets' movie released twenty years after their first film, since I have already explained in my review of why I found it. Very disappointing I'm not alone However, every movie starring the lovely Muppets created during Henson 's life is a great entertainment for everyone in the family, although the second and third scenes will have a slightly lower quality after the film is directed directly.
