Sometimes realism can work with movie performance. That's not a problem here. These scenes are mysterious inside and out. The fog is half that forging the embarrassment of production. If there is a name bar painted on the front window, it is easy to say "Wine and spirits" The result is an awkward scene. Not the only image of the city or even a fake horizon That is the story of Dublin about this story, as well as Jack the Ripper's movie about the Whitechapel, which is covered with misty rocks. Who needs any other method? How is it possible if there are no stars that do not have a small budget savings and four weeks of shooting schedule? The performance behind the suit - very happy in everyone's part Sometimes my God is in a state of depression. Mr McPhillips moans after Frankie is shot dead outside the house. However, Victor McLaglin provides the correct performance. The wardrobe had stuffed him into the jacket too small, so he seemed to burst out like Frankenstein's monster. All his movements seem to be far more than intended. When he slapped his hat on his head, he bops himself on the temple. He is a big drunk, always babbling. He betrayed his best friend to receive the prize money that will take him and he will be a woman in America, not a good man in ordinary terms. But we were startled when he started to spend 20 pounds more and more during the night, filled with alcohol because every expensive and great gesture took him out of his dream. I will not argue But I can understand why he won the Oscars. <br /> <br /> For Max Steiner's score, wow, every move that happens is too much. But underlined by Mickey Mouse songs But emphasized with a glossy yellow color It's not likely to happen - the choir of heaven, charming, cute young children, musicians, glittering composers, while McLaglen drank from the bottle would probably be better without points. <br /> <br /> How is it overall? Date - according to any measure, but not the product of time That's why I admire it. Yes, the symbol is clumsy all the time. McLaglen, the real puppet, smashed his head against the fog hanging sign. The blind man, but what impressed me was to try this thing at that time. What makes us too many artists today is in 1936. What is different from what is seen in most programmers is the beginning of time. If it's short, sometimes it doesn't matter. This film is a show of political and moral courage, including poetry. (The battalion of suitability is condemned because of a scene in the brothel) The director's goal should be beyond his understanding or script for anything. However, when viewed now in 2006, the story is even more annoying. Obviously John Ford agreed with the Irish rebels, but they killed only what they saw necessary. ("He knows too much to live. What happens if he goes to Tans?" Oh, it's not myself. I'm thinking of But all of us in Ireland ") Irish people are sensitive I suspect that the jihad in the Middle East does not use similar logic to demonstrate acts of violence.
