In the mid-1930s, Hollywood regained confidence after the difficulty of changing the radio transmitter. Although all the technical problems of the sound will be resolved quickly. But it takes longer to solve the problem of how the image of speech should be. How should they be structured and how to do it? Informer is an important image that shows how ridiculous moments can convey the story. Regardless of the need for voice and dialogue. <br /> <br /> This is not to say that the informer is true. Go back to the golden age of silence. For one thing, many quiet images are not clearly visible in their storytelling and are filled with a title card. But what the informant has is self-confidence in expanding the time between conversations to focus on the response rather than the speech and to make the appointment easily out for the atmosphere. > <br /> Director John Ford Is a filmmaker who seems to use the effort that he is interested in If he thinks that story is stupid, he just thinks halfway. Fortunately, the informer with the image of the community honors the work life and the most important is the Irish setting, everything that Ford loves and the results. Is one of his best works In there, Ford has too much employment. The first is the place? Dublin Street is covered with fog and darkness so that it cannot be seen deeply. The dirty interior at the walls and ceilings seem to be pressed against us. The second face is a striking face that is close to a normal background without any conversation, focusing on the inner conflict of these people. <br /> <br /> Man lead Victor McLaglen is perfect for himself. This drama and the filming of this, McLaglen's performance didn't look a lot because it was a drunken action, 90%, but 10% were showing sincere love because here and there, Gypo Nolan had his thing. Install Camara claimed that at the time was clear. With such an Oscar-winning performance, McLaglen received support from the supporting actors who, among them, had no weak links. In particular, it's good to have Donald Meek and Una O'Connor, who are often seen only in relief roles. The cartoon plays mostly at once. (Although the shape of Meek has one or two jokes of the scene and his posture is very serious) Not only did the two have an incredibly deep acting, their familiarity with most audiences as Prank makes them aware of the pain in their part in this tragedy. <br /> <br /> RKO, the creator of the news Adventurous and willing to risk every big studio. For this reason, we are able to see tragic stories with anti-nasty heroes in the middle, which can be messy and too chaotic. Full of atmosphere, mood and depth of character that makes us look and Attract us into its world
