Again, the morning television proved to be a valuable resource for movies that I couldn't follow. In the afternoon four o'clock in the morning, I staggered out of bed to start recording 'The Informer (1935)'. My fourth movie from American director John Ford is rich and is a great movie. This scene occurred during the Irish Civil War in 1922, adapted by Dudley Nichols, from the same novel by Liam O Farherty. Although he was born in the United States and is most famous for his "Americana" image, Ford's parents are both Irish, which explains the director's decision to direct the film. Victor McLaglen plays the gangster Gypo Nolan. Radical meaning But told an old friend Frankie McPhillip (Wallace Ford) to receive a £ 20 reward for his girlfriend Katie (Margot Grahame) when Frankie was killed while he tried to arrest the Irish Republican army, both Frankie and Gypo. The traitor behind the incident, every clue brought them near the real culprit. <br /> <br At the same time, Gypo felt guilty of his friend's premature death. Going down to the heavy competition that rival Don Birnam in 'The Lost Weekend (1945)' in its abundance while Gypo drowned. His sadness with a large amount of alcohol stuck in a small circle of depression. His lavish spending attracted the attention of IRA members who were investigating. Once in his life, Gypo found himself surrounded by admirers (including JK Kerrigan) who enthusiastically clapped his hands at the back and dubbed him "Raja Gypo" for a strong body. However, it is clear that these people do not love men and show that they are interested in taking advantage of him for money. Can the 20 pound increase brought by Frankie's death not be able to buy Gypo for a gathering of friends? Indeed, in a bitter sarcasm, money was made possible by betrayal and loss of one of his only good companions. A relatively simple friend, Gypo may not be able to fully consider the consequences of his actions and eventually forgive due to "Do not know what he is doing", but his ignorance must not be punished. <br /> <br The criticism was occasionally adjusted in Ford's movie to support the propaganda of the organization. "Terrorists" Although this gesture is based on their own personal views {Of course, I don't know the history of Ireland enough to pass judgment} but there is no doubt that this film represents the Irish Republican army that sacrifice, dedication and neutrality are the pride of Irish patriotism. The main content of the story is betrayal. Driven by extreme poverty, an ordinary man betrayed the confidence of his good friends and deeply regretted his actions. Gypo, who tortured most of his plays for pity and Victor McLaglen, gave the powerful performance to Betraying the existence of life-long discontent in the single decision that made him die unbelievably. 'The Informer' was John's major success. For the first time, with a total of 4 awards (from six nominations) including Best Actor for McLaglen {who grabbed the statue from the three favorites of 'Mutiny on the Bounty (1935)'}, director Excellent and excellent screenplay for Dudley Nichols {The Rejecter due to dissenting union}
