John Ford is one of the most influential and well-known American filmmakers in film history. His name is often associated with Western movies. However, John Ford's best movie is not western. But is a primitive drama set in the struggle for Ireland's independence in the early 1920s: The Informer in 1935. <br /> <br /> Gypo Nolan fires in the web of poverty and despair - And the wall is closing. The Gypo is big, but he is not the brightest light bulb on the tree with a warm heart But a short fuse and never really thought of anything. All the past things But he is not a criminal or a pig himself as the center When walking down the street without a place of residence, Gypo Nolan, who met the best woman in his life, Katie Madden on the road at his own request due to the hopeless situation and dreamed of taking her to the United States. He only had 20 pounds to pay. Fortunately, his friend Frankie returned to the city with a price of 20 pounds over his head and Gypo was desperate to inform the police of the request. Frankie Gypo, who received a new 20 pound income, met a foggy night, especially guilt filled with guilt and the IRA invested all the resources to find Frankie Victor McLaglen's informant. To Gypo, who fell down, Nolan and deserves the Academy Award for Best Actor that he received from this film The brutality, stupidity and tenderness of his character and McLaglen are second only to the character of Dudley Moore, Arthur Bash Arthur, from the 1981 film Arthur, which is very drunk. The most in the movie, Margot Grahame's performance, because Katie Madden is great as well, but she and McLaglen are really impressive members of the cast. Especially as the head of the IRA Preston Preston, mainly because he apparently isn't Irish and J. Kerrigan border irritated throughout his role in this film. Unfortunately, supporting this actor is a weakness of the movie. <br /> <br /> Often being obscured by Ford's well-known Westerners such as The Searchers or The Man Who Shot. Liberty Valance The Informer is one. In John Ford's best movie - if not his best movie The beginning of what will be the long career of Oscar nominations and the win for John Ford The Informer won four Oscars, including the best director award In 1936, the story of Gypo's walk through the streets was described by the gloomy conditions of the city and the accusations of staring each of the street lamps to remind him of his dark actions. Ford's statement about this technique is amazing. If The Informer was created 10 years later (which would create demand for the genre), it might be considered as one of the best movies of Noir forever But that didn't prevent him from being remembered as a great classic movie
