Victor McLaglen, the character of John Ford's title, reminds me of a circus man from Fellini's LA STRADA. Anthony Quinn plays a brutal man who may be influenced by an award-winning performance. Scar from Mac Ag Lane, Poverty - Dublin, Dublin is true - the atmosphere of the atmosphere which occurred in 1922. The dense fog and long nights are the main elements of the Irish patriotism and the story. The fight of the Irish Republican Army Individual conflicts and causes are what make THE Informer mark McLaglen's big, simple character just wants to go to America and we are often warned of signs of ticket prices. Two different signs became the heart of the drunken Irish. One is before this. Another signal, WANTED. Should he do it and get money? <br /> <br /> John Ford said that "My name is Ford. I created a Western nation." After watching this movie, he was able to do more. The serious social problems that are associated with here are sincerity and what you will find yourself thinking about. And the look of the work is remarkable, consisting of long black shadows that cut into a miserable Irish night Ford is well-known for his beautiful cinematography, which helps to see the conflict within his character. This is a difficult color. But he did it in the same image as THE SEARCHERS, drawing John Wayne in a bad manner Victor McLaglen's performance not only benefited from the light But from the simplicity of his performance, he pushed a lot. He knocked people out. He was a savage person who didn't know better. However, should he know whether or not to cross the IRA? <br /> <br /> Watch the movie to see awesome details from McLaglen and Ford's patriotic IRA drawing. Steiner's highest score is an innovation in matching the character's stance by focusing more on them. This story is often seen only in silent movies, especially Chaplin. Title of the title, naming or "notifying" is still important. Just see how the media covers Oscar this year. Pay attention to the scandal of Elia Kazan.
