I remember watching the late night on a black and white TV long before Live Action blinked in the eyes of Peter Jackson and was very impressed. Finally came to my hand this week with the VHS copy that was thrown away. (And that's not just the exact story ..?) I have the opportunity to come back to watch this movie again and find it still quite good anyway. It's not a memory success. <br /> <br /> I have to admit to some prejudice here. Some critics declare themselves to be Jackson lovers. I'm not the same I am dedicated to the BBC radio adaptation by Brian Sibley, originally broadcast in 1981 and remember the voice of Gollum immediately. - Peter Woodthorpe will respond to this performance almost perfect for the third radio. Years later, <br /> <br /> I must say that the place that I met with Jackson's movie made me more and more disappointed: Bakshi version for everything that was cut to the bone. More accurate Yes, there are changes that can be understood as usual. (This is Legolas more than Arwen, who was replaced by Glorfindel as the elves sent by Rivendell to meet the party) and there are many actions. (The only exception, while others noted, was a sequence that was unusually extended at the Rivendell Ford at Ringwraiths after demonstrating the ability to freeze and freeze. Returning to Frodo on a mid-flight, he challenged them after crossing the river - for some reason that could not be explained by just chasing him with a continuous trotting for the first time. I think that Balrog is partly because of bad animations and Gandalf makes his arms swirl too much. <br /> <br /> But when watching both methods in this film In the story that is half a fairy tale (Strangely enough, one thing that is included as an example of the story of Aragorn of Beren and Lutia) is the extreme lettering that must be used to shoot live action. The details that will appear on the camera look like: The rubber-made monster (or CGI) has a shape that is not bigger than the body that is drawn like a costume. Hero costumes tend to look rather stupid. In real bodies and hobbits or dwarves Proportion is easy to move. But difficult to shoot Many critics refer to Ringwraith, who inhaled in the forest with innocent human half movements, one of the most horrifying moments in the movie - it scared me when I first saw it in the dark! br> <br /> The prominence of the launch (Including excellent voice and economic dubbed voice to summarize short stories in a few sentences) works very well to represent the legendary era With Shire's rural comic book - especially I like Proudfeet - consistent with similar changes in Tolkien's prose tone I felt that there were some opportunities that missed the potential of the animations that could be used for great effects: Gandalf threatened Bilbo with his true power. In the opening scene, Bilbo seems to have become Life like Gollum, under the influence of the Ring-lust at Rivendell and Galadriel's famous temptation, is drawn more or less as it will distort the scene to reflect the reception. Know of Horowitz Arbitron has changed But generally speaking about the changes in detail and the palette - the bright colored lights that reappear at Rivendell and in the washing of Fangorn, the gray and dirty colors for Moria and the wastelands - work Well to reflect the emotions of things When the live-action method doesn't allow you to make the background or blurred sketch in a unique style. <br /> <br /> As a fan, I don't care whether Jackson's Lothlorien or Bakshi - - again me Feeling that the radio sound is the best thing I have ever encountered in a beautiful and strange forest over time - and I feel that Bakshi sings the elves on this spot quite wrong, but I do like small cuts. little At this point, indicating that members of the Company's relax together after the acquisition of Moria. Aragorn gave the hobbits a swordplay lesson. This is a charming picture. (And not equally fair) when Boromir was involved with the Hobbit in Hollins in the Jackson version. <br /> <br /> Aragorn's image Throughout the movie (Viggo Mortensen's dirty gospel didn't work for me), although it was interesting to see that they planned to 'wash' the characters in the second half for the benefit of Gondor. John Hurt did not. Surprised to give the same beautiful vocals as William Squire resounding in Gandalf's part. I wonder if the hobbits intend to reflect on the contemporary youth as an audience identification number: I found That style The News (Their proportion is more than the 'cartoon character' rather than the human character). Works well. The thing here is that the feet are drawn more reliable than the actual expression, including the art of being a fan. <br /> <br /> Personally, I have little objection to Boromir as a Viking-than-Beard-Aragon (irrational: both of them, Maine Rion), even though I am a minority. Here, obviously /> <br /> The large bugs <br this picture is the fact that often. Is a project that has not yet been completed, along with the baroque sound that ends in an attempt to solve the problem of pity; It's interesting, not to mention less disappointment. To see what Bakshi plans to do from Shelob and Minas Tirith, do not care about the dead ...
