With the launch of the trilogy Peter Jackson's famous "Lord of the Rings", it is easier to cancel the movie Lord of the Rings of Ralph Barks in 1978. I agree with most people that the trilogy of Jackson is a movie that is necessary for Tolkien's work. But that didn't prevent me from enjoying the ambitious efforts of Bakshi. Jackson acknowledged that he was inspired by Bakshi's movies. At least there were clear similarities between their adaptations. < br /> <br /> The colorful backdrop of this movie is great. I'm the most satisfying part of the character's drawing. Pippin and Merry and Eowyn and Galadriel are mostly inseparable from the eyes, which Balrog and Treebeard are hard to see. But these issues didn't bother me a lot. However, Nazgul was drawn up perfectly and had enough creepiness. The only character I care about is Sam. He was made to look silly without knowing it. <br /> <br /> This film is a novel about animation techniques. In addition to the hand drawn characters, live actors are also included in the animation through the rotation. Obviously, which character is drawn by hand and rotated But there is no less that I find that the style of this movie is new Using a swirling live actor for a fight scene is a good decision and helps these scenes come out well. <br /> <br /> The sound performance is generally high quality. In particular, the good thing is John Hert, who gives the right voice to Aragon. Aragorn is not my favorite character from the story. But supported by John Hert's voice, he is my favorite character in this adaptation Another thing I like is William Squire, which sounds good for Gandalf properly. The only actor who seems to be inappropriate is Michael Scholes as Sam, whose voice is annoying and adds a ridiculous image of Sam. The only annoying part of the voice acting is the wrong pronunciation of the character's name and location. In particular, the bizarre decision was to allow Saruman to call "Aruman". <br /> <br /> In the production of this film, Ralph Buchan is expected to have Able to create two movies Therefore, the film has about half the story from the beginning of "The Fellowship of the Ring" until the end of the battle at Helm's Deep in "The Two Towers". book I enjoy the original stories and more thorough adaptations. But the freedom that was used to compress the story didn't bother me even the option to let Arwen leave the story. An important element of the story is in this film so that I can participate in that time and there is still a novelty that can pass through the story of the Lord of the Rings in 132 minutes. The battle scene is impressive and Especially in March and the battle that Helm's Deep is great. <br /> <br /> Ralph Bakshi version "The Lord of the Rings" is not perfect. The reader of the rings is sorry about cutting the story. However, for me, the disadvantage of this movie is slightly compared to the excitement that has seen the powerful adaptation of the half-trilogy. My only sadness is that I can't see the second part of "The First Great Tale" of The Lord of the Rings, because Bucy did not receive a budget to create a sequel.
