I like this movie and annoy me that many "inspectors" are ranked under Peter Jackson's trilogy. The filming novels always interpret the meaning. Especially cartoon movies that rely on the artist's vision and should judge according to their own conditions This is a respect for Tolkien that is better than the updated version. While the film is flawed, it remains with the source, especially as far as the characters are concerned. <br /> <br /> In Tolkien's Jackson Frodo version, it's hard to remember. : From the first scene he showed weak Was controlled by the forces around him constantly and never stood on his own feet (This is physical truth and metaphors) You wonder why fate chose this limp biscuit to carry one ring into the crack of Jackson's karma. Write Tolkien and rob Frodo in the best time. Unexpectedly when he allowed Arwen to save him from Ringwraiths ... Bakshi's version respected the manuscript presented by Frodo, who demanded curses. Bakshi supported Frodo's character while the Master Thinkin We saw his decline when the weight of the load increased. Frodo is the heart of the Lord of the Rings. You wonder why Jackson used such freedom. (He did that with many characters) due to the character development pushing the plot to have an inevitable conclusion. Bakshi's movie explores the friendship between Legolas and Gimli better in the scene. That looks bad which lacks in Jackson's version In the same way, we saw Boromir horsing with Pippin and Merry adding ideas for fellowship. For my liking, the camaraderie has been developed in a more animated version than live performances. <br /> <br /> Tolkien's poems are an integral part of the novel and Bakshi pays tribute to this story. My favorite scene: When Frodo sang the song "Merry Old Inn" a few minutes before stumbling upon Strider The cheerful dress was marketed coldly with a darker theme song. A few seconds later he couldn't see his friends. This was one of the most atmospheric parts of this film and made me feel chills. Whenever I see <br /> <br /> the budget / time constraints that are well recorded will limit the final impact of this movie. The audience is worth looking at. Even the admirer admitted that Peter Jackson received many inspiration from this model.
