As an animated film from 1978, this movie is quite good - generally above the standard of the day that Disney didn't do anything good over the years. (And Tolkien is interested in a little Disney story) It is an important point for creating a meticulous camera job using a successful movie technique. The rotoscoping that has a lot of malignancy works especially well with Ringwraiths and open lectures. However, it is used too much - probably a money-saving technique - which deviates from the overall results. The same technique that makes people look scary and others in the world is not that good in Prancing Pony. <br /> <br /> For the adaptation of this story We lost a bit here and there, a little detail like Old Forest and Tom Bombadil, Gaffer and Sackville-Bagginses. We compressed a few characters, such as the improvement of Legolas to be one of Elrond's family and an old friend of Aragon. But that's a smart decision for the movie. In the book, you have a room to include references to a wider world of elves and the vast history of the central world. In the movie, you exchange that for pictures and sounds that convey the same elements in a different way. There is nothing important to truly disappear here, and even though I have a little idea about some changes, I tend to be quite happy with it. <br /> <br /> If only a writer dratted Can only remember the name Saruman - he is often called Aruman. The decision may make him different from Sauron - the same name; I take a second look before I'm sure I'm not mistaken. It is also annoying that Boromir is a viking on the blood stage and irritated from the start. However, Gandalf is great and the rest of the voice is excellent if only John Hurt, who is not too old to play Aragorn; I like his voice. <br /> <br /> Of course, when the movie ends at the center of the story, it causes a lot of disappointment. What makes it worse is the miserable work done by Rankin & Bass. Crew in the sequel They were allowed to return to the king after killing The Hobbit. Still a great mystery. It seems that they are more interested in bad music than in the proper storytelling. For all the mistakes, the heart of this film is very strong and trying hard to accomplish the impossible task. I hope the next movie series will be true according to the vision ...
