For more than twenty years before the revision of Peter Jackson's vision of The Lord of the Rings, there has been a movement effort from director Ralph Bucy in 1978, an ambitious and rational story. It's quite sad because it's Jackson's ending. In fact, many investigators here on IMDb (mostly those who see newer versions) seem to be ruthless with this model .... but if someone uses a little common sense and takes into account the time it is right Created and The technical possibilities that exist at that time, they will know that this is a really good movie. Shortly after seeing this animated film in the early 80's, I searched for Tolkien's books and Become a big fan of Middle Earth's adventure with these many details immediately. So, in some aspects, I owe this movie, which is recognized as a movie that creates my literary tastes forever. <br /> <br /> Sauron, the Dark Master of this world, melts all powerful rings. That gave him Incredible power After a great battle during the defeat of Sauron, the ring fell into the possession of the king named Isildur ?? But instead of destroying it, he chose to keep it stupidly For centuries, the ring passed from one hand to the other, eventually coming into possession of the Hobbit named Frodo Baggins, who lived in a peace-loving community known as The Shire. Frodo learned from a wizard named Gandalf that his ring was in fact one ring that was created by Sauron many centuries ago and his teacher searched again to restore his dark energy. All the land. Frodo begins a dangerous journey to protect the ring with three other hobbits. But every step they were hunted by Sauron's horsemen There are many adventures followed by nine adventurers set up to guide the ring to the only place that can be made "unmade"? Mount Doom in the land of Mordor. This film concludes with Frodo and Sam, his best friend at the Mordor border, which is nearing the most terrifying destination. At the same time, Gandalf and the other members of the company fight a giant demonic army at the legendary fortress of Helm's Deep. <br /> <br /> This version covers more than half of the original book. The second episode plans to bring the story to an end. But never sad While the ending felt abrupt But at least at the appropriate point in the story We have to feel a little frustrated and regret that there is no sequel that we may eventually follow these cartoon heroes to the goal. The animation can be used with a variety of locations and characters presented in interesting details. Leonard Rosen's song awakens the mood and is suitable for epic storytelling The voice-overs are also good, especially John Hertz as Aragon and Peter Wood Torp at Gollum. On the other hand, Michael Scholes, who gives the voice for Sam, is quite a cam. And stupid, which is not suitable for the character The Lord of the Rings is a praiseworthy attempt to see surprising books.
