H.G. Wells in 1936 was his former prime and his book to survive long gone. He came to the end of his life and he faced his dream of disappearing. At the beginning of the 20th century, he defended the idea that the world was already defined because of the evolution of species, natural biology, and Marxism. The market economy on the other side needed to lead to victory at Weaker Strong due to the simple criteria of the number A weak person is a human race and a stronger person is a minority. He then defended the strict breeding policy by eliminating anyone in any way or weakening the human race. First, those who are not Caucasian, except the Jews, will disappear due to various marriages. Then, within the Caucasian community, all those who were unhealthy, alcoholics, mentally disabled, everyone with genetic disabilities, etc. That was not Hitler, that was H.G. Wells and that was not after the First World War. That was ten years ago. And twenty years before the First World War, he published The Time Machine, which defended the idea that "human race" was left in its own way and due to the vast cosmic evolution of life on World competition "is two species": the working class will become a difficult race and the middle class will become an empty race The point is, in the novel that the uncomplicated and unused species are victims of other species that are predators. Wales believes that humanity is in danger, and politicians should stop this evolution by setting a strict breeding policy. The first country to follow this order is the Scandinavian country, which is the last country to leave it shortly for some countries. This film proposes the vision of 2036 with a truly authoritarian world government, since there is no election, no parliament, no real democratic institutions, only peace that is determined by military and government victories dominated by a man or One of the most men and his few advisors And in the future, every human being is a Caucasian Wales can imagine a completely white human being by the year 2036. Wales saw some rebellion. But that will be short-lived and lead to nothing The last sentence is the vision of the white civilization that conquered the entire universe when contemplating the sky and the stars and the horrible planets, and that was created in 1936. All that is even more terrifying is no mention of Hitler, fascism, Japanese imperialism Or Stalinism But it is important to have this film in good condition, because it is important to have the complete vision of HG Wells. Clearly, we are far from a brave new world of choice. Social "Democracy" or an animal farm of the dictatorship of the swine proletariat or the year 1984 of the Big Brother's moderate dictatorship This vision is at least as scary as the other three. And I want to compare Welsh and British science fiction writers in his day It will not be fair to go beyond This shows that in England in the first three decades of the 20th century there was a lot of fear among intellectuals: the fear that the future would only be sad, sad, and in some form of impasse. <br /> < Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris Dauphine, University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne and University of Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines
