Movie Review "Things to come" by kWRice <br /> <br /> Here are some science fiction movies that are full of novelty from different times and places. It's a movie I've seen in the truncated part only. But art should be used as a whole. I was exposed to this film as it was designed in a dark movie theater on a silver screen, along with a film roll and an audience to share with it. The audience and myself are affected by this movie! A woman who lived in the Second World War was choked by the destruction of the war and was filled with repetition, even though the end of the story. <br /> <br /> The attraction from the beginning is the credit. beginning The first thing we saw was "H.G. Wells" in a bold angular block, similar to the "Superman" of the olden days. But is the name of the creator and before any other human beings such as actors or producers, director William Cameron Menzies are there! who? You may have seen his work before "around the world in 80 days" "Pride of the Yankees" and "Gone with the Wind". He was not directed after this epic Sci-Fi opera, where he and Mr. Wells. create But the image of the movie, his dress and design are very recognizable. <br /> <br /> The image is very effective. I remember images from many other movies that show respect for this classic. The latest "Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" is clearly seen with Bugs Bunny, "Fantasia," "Monty Python and the Holy Grail," "Captain Sky & The World of Tomorrow," Night of the Living Dead "and many more. What name did I escape? This is a really special effect. Now, the scenes that use CGI do with the big actors and detailed models. The film was created in 1936 and it is clear that it has meaning to other servants. Wells and Menzies also work with Bliss, musicians and Korda, producers, to create masterpieces with words. Warnings and sermons <br /> <br /> Actors line Shakespearean Cedric Hardwicke, Ralph Richardson and Raymond Massey say sometimes listen to sermons. But I heard the line that I still hear now "These children's toys are currently nothing like I used to be when I was a child." "It will help improve their coordination." "What books do we need to read?" "We don't need cars. Now, we have everything we need here. "" There will be no war. "But the war is there! The innocent citizens of "Everytown" refuse to see the writing of letters on the wall. The endless war bursts Christmas. The little boy who wants to be a good soldier like his father is a picture that will always be with me. This is the world of 1936 that wears blinders for Hitler's satisfaction. This war does not end. The toxic gas of the air warfare is divided into two actions. <br /> <br /> It's another dark era. There is no government without service and people are making war that no one can remember. Plague, warlords and bullying to make the aircraft fly as fuel that no longer exists. The loved ones were shot in the street before they could spread to other places. In the middle there is a short article about Rolls Royce, which must be stopped in the middle of the way. In this land, the future plane that announces the future. <br /> <br /> The future is the third action. The world was rebuilt with the help of "Weak animals for men" helicopters can fly in this movie before they are invented. The Plumber's Helper has other benefits besides Dalek or Glenn Miller's, a wide screen plasma screen tempting a large crowd and The talker instigated all people to tear it down. "Beware of concussion. You have been warned!" The father of the city warned the people of the riot. So be careful, this movie might hit you like it hit me. I have miscues and miscalculations. Cute But the idea that stimulates the ideal is something that should be considered again and I want to see this movie again. Others criticized Mr Wells' vision. It's easy to work with problems after the 20/20 event about things, costumes and Foley. I believe that Mr. Wells' "things to come" are not about things, but actually about With concepts, social trends and philosophical ideals In addition, now we have just started the new millennium and it's not yet time to arrive. This is not a cheap British science fiction cardboard, but the Epic Filmed Opera is worth singing that the overall concept overcomes some minor flaws.
