I have to accept a little disappointment in this movie; I have read a lot of stories about its beauty. But the order of the Age of Science in the film is very small. Scenes and wonderful when we reach them and have a shocking picture But this last sequence is still lacking in other matters too ... <br /> <br /> The best drama of the story is in In the middle, and then played a melodrama that arose from the nature 'Science fiction', all of its high concepts and strong conversations are not enough. There is still a lot of human life in this sector, with Ralph Richardson cruising as a great dictator "Boss" of Everytown. I like Richardson's courtesy and send messages Briefly without the presence and thought of Raymond Massey's highly confident visitor. This boss is an attractive and untrustworthy person who cannot understand the nature of his little kingdom ... It's not THB great But Richardson created it a lot. <br /> <br /> Every city seems to be Means being a British or at least a British city that represents England fairly The interesting thing is to avoid any religion. "The things that are about to come" seem to revolve around the conflict between barbarism, war and belief in science that seems to have a minimal goal. But must continue to do so. There is a delay in trying to raise the argument and tension in the last part about the more personal 'life'. But there are people who are not very satisfied This film doesn't pay much attention to the complexities. It goes for the barn phenomenon and unsubtle morally blunt every time. And of course, remember the last scene of the hedging bet: Raymond Massey is uplifting about the uncertainty of things! <br /> <br /> Questions about this movie are predictions. : I have to say that it's not so bad because of the obvious that it makes it impossible to get the details of life correctly. The great concept has something for them. The war in 1940, perhaps predictable ... for nearly 30 years! Nuclear Blast - "Top Gun" or Contraception in 2036 ... Technical Socialist "We do not believe in an independent state" - a type of government in the United Kingdom after the 1970s ... Well, there's no sadness near in that one. Chaps! ;-) No real politics came here which is a shame; The whole surface is a praiseworthy anti-war feeling. In general, presumably authoritarian - whether it is the head bone - luddite-fascist, under the Boss, or scientific socialist pump - will * be * agreement, and these consequences will not penetrate ... as we Must remember that in 1936 there was no knowledge of how Nazism and communism would appear - or even if they appeared - lack of consideration. Phat Company of filmmakers in /> <br /> Other things I do <br earlier will be cut off in my opinion. Only the shortest things from '1940' are needed. But this segment tends to be rather boring and is the era before we go to the section Richardson-Massey I would like to see more action with Margareta Scott; Who is just a little skeptical, cutting the figure of the Mediterranean Sea for a little purpose. The characters were not explored or explained honestly or exploited except for one scene that I would not spoil and her relationship with the Boss was not explored. But now, in the 1930s, and this kind of thing has happened since the censorship period Edward Chapman is blessed with both his gentle roles. Moreover, at first, as a ruthless victim, praying for war, only to be destroyed by another Massey character. Massey helped himself in many ways, playing his parts with restraint and Enjoying that, unlike most of the obvious actors, recorded Richardson and Scott and Chapman slightly. <br /> <br /> I'll say "Things to Come". Born in Britain in 1936; Is one of the few stories about true British science fiction movies! The design of the set (piece) and the control of its resources are sensational and wonderful. <br /> <br /> But finally, the script has too much real intent. That direction tends to be smooth even if it increases the gear level or twice. However, the filmmakers and Mr. Richardson really did what helped them recover. Respectively, surprisingly surprising to the technology and performance that is constantly tempting and tempting This shame has only a small amount of content or the true movie idea of ​​all things. Powell and Pressburger will be the perfect director in this work - they are not friends among British directors as a storyteller Stories that are courageous, character experts and first-rate dialogue vendors. <br /> <br /> "Things to Come" As mentioned above, it's a strange story that is interesting to read. But not far from "Metropolis" ... "as far as" stupid "in Welsh words like Lang movies, but nothing like its amazing power
