Masterpiece from the first film of Herbert George Wells with songs by Arthur Bliss is a powerful film making work. Adapted from works that are different from the authors of Wales by presenting the future view of mankind with the story of the time of war compared to the time of 'peace'. The structure is after a pair of episodes that are different from normal and A group of clouds of war scripts allowed the war to happen. Two Cabells families and Passworthys disagreed with what might happen; Passworthy uses the view that there is hope of "automatic" progress of the Cabell civilization as a multiplicative thinker. Their city, Everytown - London - turns into ruins from a war with a great war tank marching by Bliss and the end of civilization. The second part found that people living in the ruins of the city under the "Boss" who played with the courage of Ralph Richardson, a lovely woman Margaret Scott Britt He is trying to build an old WWI plane so he can attack nearby tribes to make his little kingdom complete. A young scientist complained about his work, constantly interrupting the aircraft needs - etc. - forever; This is a Welsh comment about war and progress. The survivors will face a disaster called Also entered the modern plane which was driven by Cabell in the first part of the film, which is now part of the Wings Over the World, an ally of international scientists who are planning to end the war forever. Modern travelers who are suitable for this flight have interesting conversations with their boss and women. Then Boss sent his plane against them. Scientists came with many planes and placed "Gas of Peace" on the ruins of Everytown. Only the dead boss and fight hard to resist the peace. This film shows that there is a miner and by walking into the tunnel of a new beautiful future city. In the third part, Cabell in the future gives reason to a stable future about the virtues of human science. What is extremely exciting if they have the right to send men to the moon. Cabell wins human rights in moving forward and the need to expand his boundaries. Passworthy's son and Cabell's daughter are the right astronauts. send to The religious minded Luddite Theotocopulos speaks on the big screen in the city forum and brings an 'space gun' attack that will launch a new rocket without gravity. The key point of the plot is successful space shooting. The storyline and death are the words of Cabell, praising the values ​​and science that are internationally recognized as the deepest protection of the mind ever written. "Is it the whole universe?" Cabell told Passworthy. "What will it be?" As Cabell, Raymond Massey may give his best performance. He is a true scientist, compassionate and rational. As a chaos who wants to end the science era, Cedric Harvick is perfect and powerful. Edward Chapman plays Passworthy, showing the role of fear and imitation. The story is always beautiful and interesting. Considering the extinction of humans, the idea of ​​civilization carried out by newly created scientists is credible and credible to the audience. This is a victory for director William Cameron Menzies for Bliss and for everyone involved. Listen to conversations with your loved ones. Within this created scope is a drama of thinkers who are discussing the future of humanity in two ways - progress or opposite.
