I was the only baby in the arms when George Lucas was mourning the world by leaving this world. Saga recorded the adventures of Luke Skywalker and the famous Darth Vadar, but today I can admire. The genius at Lucas and the incredible The imagination he was blessed In a new hope, Lucas shows a new way of telling stories as he introduces us to memorable characters such as Princess Leia, Rougish Han Solo and the brave Sky Walker. Darth Vadar and the most dearest lover in The Empire Strikes Back, he went outside to show special effects, allowing us to add stories and manipulate things that no one thought you could do on the screen. He created a movie without a specific end or starting point, and it went down to heal. The return of Jedi is the end of Saga's enduring time. <br /> <br /> When The Empire Srtikes go back to the end, wrapped in a cute Rouge Han Solo in Carbonite to deliver to Jabba the Hut and the little girl from discovering the horrifying truth about his father, we are left with the feeling that things are going from bad things to worse things. Vadar It seems like winning all day. We asked how the rebels would recover from this attack? In the final chapter of Lucas, attractive and attractive, we are kept at the edge of our seat from Han's brave help from Jabba's palace to the final battle in Notre Dame between Luke and Vadar, while Luke struggles during his duties And trying to awaken the goodness that he believed remains in the spirit of the father. <br /> <br /> Old friends like smooth conversations, Lando Calrissian and the lovely Chewbacca once again gathered for battle. The last time to end all battles The dangerous enemy emerged in the form of an emperor himself (played by Ian McDiarmiud, a wonderful way he missed Oscar is a mystery), desperate to turn Luke into the dark side, even if it means Darth betrayal. Vadar all apprentice Black with red eyes, scary white faces and terrifying laughs. He is a scary person. In addition, in the story and a teacher who has no problem with the activities that launched the newly renovated Deathstar. He made a disaster for the rebels. But the brave group made the final final attack to end the reign of the empire. <br /> <br /> Lucas can combine three stories together and proceed to make the people Watch gets attention We watched with excitement while Han and Leia tried to lower the shield around the Death Star from the Moon of Endor forest with the help of some lovely Ewoks. (Actually, I don't believe that it will be taken from the movie. Actually, I feel that they Providing forgiveness from the tensions of the battles at and in the Death Star) and hindered by legions of Stormtroopers and Empire officials We encourage Lando and other pilots as they manage the great Imperial Fleet, including the risky life and limbs that fly to Deatn Star to destroy it immediately. And we watched with less breath as Vadar and the Emperor tried to change Luke to the dark side as he tried to make his father come back. <br /> <br /> But for me The most difficult and interesting battle is Occurring within Darth Vadar for ROTJ is a battle of emotions and feelings. Vadar is stuck between his loyalty to the Emporium and the Empire as well as his father's inclination towards Luke. I never thought that the mask would show emotions. But the way in which Vadar's confusion and pain were not seen in the final scene, when Emporer opened the look with depth and feeling towards Vadar more than I believed to be a villain, especially one machine that humans could. Yes, and I think that's what makes him accessible. He conflicts. Apprentice as much as the bad teacher as the villain. The final scene of Vadar, without destroying the end, is the most painful and wonderful scene in the ending. <br /> <br /> So, what can I say? George Lucas is the head of the Star Wars Saga. It's an interesting Sagas and The most attractive I have seen for a long time, and I haven't seen another rival Saga. The return of Jedi has all the necessary ingredients to get Lucas's final masterpiece. It is action, suspense, romance, tragedy, redemption, fun, all together and one that is a memorable character. Special effects and catchy songs make them both great movies. Its own
