Okay, my name is quite weak and almost selling this short flick. I remember watching Siskel & Ebert in '94, talking about this movie and playing a clip or two. Not a rap who cares (Although I can specify the song Snoop Dogg, Vanilla Ice and MC Hammer) I don't care at all when they start talking about this movie, but then S&E shows the scene where the band explains how they chose their names. (Use some "shady" logic and a group of "make up" facts) then another scene where the band and their rival band both visit Schools to promote participation (and, of course, NWH comes with some "information" about how rival group leaders are losers because they have good grades in school and are on the board of the annual report) so I submitted it. Go out so that I can see this movie. <br /> <br /> A couple of years later, this thing appeared on HBO and I recorded it for laughing my butt for hours. Yes, it has a "Spinal Tap" rhythm ... Even the songwriter uses the same "tone" in the clip settings and the band follows a similar path. (What I call now "Behind the Music" "Phenomenon - a small band with good chemical properties, reputation gain, too much money, too fast, quarreling, drugs, certain types of death, band dissolution, then reconciled. Ending in the hope that there will be a new album in the future. One thing that is true is that in Spinal Tap you will catch the band with their past success. But tapping the drag at some point and in my mind is reduced to laugh that is set by a specific scene Oh, this is his outcry about backstage food. This is the point where he wants Amps to go to "ELEVEN". This is the point where men make small stone hen stone ... <br /> <br In contrast to FoaBH, which seems to have more "unexpected" humor, you can see some of it. But there is no great setting for every joke Sometimes the jokes are just flowing. Cundieff and other actors in the band have real chemistry. In addition, direct references to vanilla ice hammerers and other caricature rappers are really good. This makes me a movie that you watch once to get the main story and laughter, then go back to see the deep humor and various songs "My Peanuts" is better than "Big Bottom" (from Spinal Tap) or not. I don't know - But both of them are funny The awesome video of Tone Def during his "stimulation" was strange but very funny. <br /> <br /> I can go for a moment. But save your time and don't waste time with CB4. I watched the first half hour and feel bored. You don't get bored. FoaBH has a slightly less funny time. But you can't tell what is happening Maybe my favorite scene is when Ice Cold and Tastey Taste (the name of ripoffs if I have heard anything) discover that they share the same woman .... At one point, you have two pointing guns on each other. And the next thing you know, the manager, the girl photographer and I think even the Tone Def is in the room, pointing the gun together, turning the target back And of course there are people shot. <br /> <br /> I found it strange that NWH's managers suffered a fate similar to the drummer of Spinal Tap (although there was no natural burning. But I don't think) There are enough similarities that I cannot ignore. The opportunity that Cundieff saw "Spinal Tap" before writing this film, although this is more clear about the hip-hop backbone. While there are similarities, different humor and movies seem to be a real documentary. (It may be because we do not know the only actor in this story, even those who play "Lamar" from "Revenge of the Nerds". Overall, this movie has, in my opinion, "Credit Street" quite like. NWH
