This movie is something I think is the weakest movie in the original Star Wars trilogy for many reasons. However, it appeared at the end of the day, the winner, despite all the flaws. It is still a very good movie, although its quality depends on the characters that are created in Part 2 above. <br /> <br /> One problem here is the look of the movie, which is not Not consistent with the other two films. I put a lot of money into the departure of producer Gary Kurtz. The first two movies are dirty, live with technology and others in "Jedi". That they just stepped out of the shower and had their uniforms dry This makes movies with less texture. In addition, that creature is like a very stupid and cute person. At this point, it seems that filmmakers are worried about creating a template for future action rather than the quality of the movie itself. <br /> <br /> Another aspect is the lack of initiative that " Star Wars "creates a new experience in the cinema and" Empire "takes us to the alien world of swamps, ice and clouds." Jedi "is lonely, repeating the location of the first movie. First of all, we will come back to Tatooine on a desert planet. Then we are watching them face another Death Star. (Maybe the emperor can't think of anything new ... but you think Lucas or Cassan can do it). In addition, we also have these ewoks that are just Mattel teddy bears that create an offensive version. Recycling, which should be a big wookie fight at the end of "Star Wars" cash. It feels like a lazy construction. <br /> <br /> The most unfortunate aspect of "J Dai "For me is The character of Han Solo weak. While he was at the center of the plot of the first two movies here, he was struggling to find time to screen the torpedo trading screen with the puppet. Instead of being a true drama, we are stuck with the pretext that Han still believes that Leia still loves Luke - as if the conclusion of the "empire" that she confesses his love that he never happened. All things are planned and concealed, the fact that the Solo character is not part of the central story of the film after his help. Ford, in his part, looked bored and lacked a distinctive style in his previous performances. This is like Ford's performance in 1990. Bored and watching "North" in the movie Fisher for her part is clearly high in some scenes. Lando, an interesting character in the "Empire". Being here as an individual that we are interested in fighting in space, only Hamill, who has developed an interesting character in Luke, can do something new or interesting with his character. Probably he is the main actor in the movie that is still interested in his work. And for justice, the script allows him to do more than other characters. Actually, it's his story, and the other characters are there in the Ian McDiarmid package. It works great, including the emperor. The movie will sink if he is too far away. (Sometimes in new movies) <br /> <br /> visible and in terms of other effects, apart from the "clean" look of everything, it's hard to find fault Jabba is One of the most complex animation plays ever created. The space battle to the end is very impressive. <br /> <br /> Finally, this movie was a success according to the success of the ancestors. But by itself, it is a satisfying entertainment and IMHO is superior to Lucas's next work.
