Brian Yuzna is often frowned upon as the director of the junk blood. But the truth is that his films are not bad. Re-Animator's sequel is not as good as the original. But still worth as much as the sequel of the horror movie is related. Return of the Living Dead 3 is the best game of the series; And society is not a world that is far from being a supernatural horror masterpiece This thriller is definitely not a masterpiece. But it shows that Yuz's eyes are very scary and the plot is always moving in an exciting and engaging way I was really surprised that the dental horror movie was not released until 1996 because the visit to the dentist was the first fear - it ran away from the tiger for the modern world. Dental does not scare me, but surprisingly, I seem to be in a minority. The following plot of dentist Dr. He has a beautiful home, a successful career and a beautiful wife - everything that most people want. However, his life became worse when he discovered his wife's relationship with the pool cleaner. And his life is not alone Because he is his patient who feels full of anger ... <br /> <br /> When it makes the audience scared, this movie really created itself. However, credit must go to the director to extract the full quota from the main topic. The fact that he did a good job was summed up by the fact that I didn't feel nauseous and went to the dentist - but one scene that really closed my eyes! This movie follows the outline of an ordinary madman, especially with a dentist. You will be more impressed with the movie than what we see. Infrequently, the gore movie will create an impression at the material level - and even if not receiving any awards, the aristocratic parody is tied to the story. Performances, while Class B is quite impressive, with Corbin Bernsen taking the lead and acting well to convince the audience that he is really a man. I should thank Brian Yuzna for Ken Ken in the movie The Dawn of the Dead star. Not working enough and I like to see him in the movie. The remaining actors did not make a huge impression. But all worked well enough. Overall, The Dentist presented a refreshing change for the 90s movie Blood scene. Be sure to make the fans horrified, satisfied and I don't hesitate to recommend this movie.
