The dentist began on the morning of Dr. Alan Feinstone (Corbin Bernsen) and Brooke's wedding anniversary (Linda Hoffman), his wife on the surface, Mr and Mrs Fernstone, had a beautiful life, a beautiful home in Los Angeles, and he succeeded. In a career with responsibility But under various things, it's very wrong. Alan discovers that Brooke is having a relationship with Matt. (Michael Dodge) cleans the pool to increase his humiliation. Alan finds that Matt still has sex with Paula Roberts (Lise Simms), one of the neighbors. All he owes is the IRS who is breathing his throat as money shed. Alan began to lose consciousness. He convinced himself that everything was rotting like a patient's teeth and that it was up to him to fix it. That morning, at work, he became frustrated and angry with his patients before he attacked a boy named Jody (Brian McLaughlin). Joan was sexually assaulted by a patient named April Reign (Christa Sauls ) After hallucinating that she is his wife Proceed with unnecessary steps and deliberate pain Alan began to take drugs when he lost it and killed the dead, starting with his clean wife and his adultery pool ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Brian Yuzna, I think the doctor The teeth are good movies. The script by Dennis Paoli, Stuart Gordon & Charles Finch is a thriller rather than a direct hit that surprised me as I expected. In the latter, it's easy to create a Slasher movie. Teenagers, such as Friday the 13th (25th year 23) There is a high body number and a villain, a wise dentist But what the dentist turned out to be very different The dentist is the heart of education, the nature of descent from one person to madness, and it is a good job, even if he says I'm not sure what he has to do is give enough reason for The next murder It moves according to a good rhythm, with a good storytelling, which I like the constant connection that Alan made during the decay that he saw in his patients and the decay that he saw in the world around him & Is a fun way It goes without saying that anyone who has a fear about the dentist may have missed one or you won't go again! I like the ending at the table, turn around. I will say no more ... <br /> <br /> Director Yuzna works normally here. In fact, I don't think I've seen Yuzna, my movie. He did not like it. He clearly used the opportunity to play with the fear of a dentist who had tortured some good teeth, including the removal of people's teeth, sex, teasing drugs and torturing those who person With the dreaded dentist drill There are other gore scenes, such as dead dogs. Some people shear like a knife with a knife and cut the tongue. Yuzna makes this film a style that seems to be a low budget. He likes to tilt his camera to make a good angle. & I like the shock that the camera is above the person being knifed and spraying a large blood on the floor in Great wide-angle, <br /> <br /> Technically, dentists are good at movies, music and good production, although some special makeup effects are unbelievable. The performance is quite strong from everyone involved in Corbin who has demonstrated the good crackpot performance. Ken Foree, the best and coolest person to ever have as a detective, Gibbs in Los Angeles. The best <br /> <br /> The dentist didn't appear as I expected. & Might want something a little different. I like it and think it's worth watching.
