The dentist is really thrilling. And quite annoying I think we can all agree that the opportunity to be a psychiatric dentist is bigger than running into monsters, vampires or zombies. That's why this movie is very scary. In this movie, you may think of your own dentist a few times. Whether he can do this or not ... You should pray for his wife to not cheat on him. That's what the story is about. One famous dentist in LA, when he discovered that his wife was cheating on him with the pool boy (That must be the greatest career in the world by the Poolboys method, often taking advantage of housewives when the husband is at his job.) Then Dr. Feinstone, our dentist, can only take revenge. He couldn't concentrate on his patients anymore and a few people were injured. Things are not easier for our dentists when they are chased by annoying tax regulators, suspicious police and his suspicious members. At one point, Dr. Finestone could not accept it again. Now he not only But after his wife But after everyone who came close to him .. the dentist wrote and directed by Brian Yuzna and written by Stuart Gordon. You can use it as a suggestion for yourself. These 2 people give us great horror movies with us. (And my personal favorites), such as Re-Animator, From Beyond and the Society with Dentists. They once again succeeded in bringing excitement and excitement. This movie comes in real time. A decade ago did not bring wonderful horror movies to us. I'm not saying that this is a masterpiece. But it's a good change. Corbin Bensen is great because the dentist is obsessed with hygiene. I remember that he was mostly a comedian or actor. But he can handle the characters in the mind The rest of the actors work well as well. The woman who plays Feinstone's wife is really charming. It is also a good thing to see Ken Foree perform again. Actors from my favorite movies forever. Dawn of the Dead played as a cop in this movie. Yuzna threw him in From Beyond 15 years ago and I Thank you for that. I do not recommend this movie to everyone. (If you have a weak condition, I will recommend you to skip it.) But if you watch movies, you will enjoy it a lot. You are tired ... but that's the special reason I think For a long time, I was very surprised by watching movies. It's a great topic in dealing with the genre and Yuzna can do it in a great way. Unfortunately, this film was followed by an entirely unnecessary sequel. My humble opinion on the dentist ... 8/10
