I think ROTJ is clearly the best movie in the three Star Wars movies. I think it's surprising that ROTJ is considered the weakest point in the trilogy that many people vote. For me, it seems that ROTJ is the best because it has the most profound story, suspicion, surprise, emotion. I especially like Empire Strikes Back, but I think it's a little bit better than ROTJ because it moves slower than the scene and I don't feel suspicious or emotional like I do with Third party movies <br /> <br /> It seems to me that after reading these surprising reviews that the reason people claim that ROTJ is inferior to another movie That is plain ridiculous and realistic compared to real excellence. Of the film as a whole I have heard many strange reasons such as: a) because Yoda died b) because Bobba Fett died c) due to the small Ewoks beat the Stormtroopers d) because Darth Vader was revealed <br /> <br / > I want to debunk each of these reasons because I believe that they have completely missed the point. First of all, who is interested if Bobba Fett died ??? If George Lucas wants him to die, then he wants him to die. Don't understand me wrong. I'm a big fan of Bobba Fett, but he has appeared a few times and it's not Lucas's intention to make him the main character in a movie that Star Wars fans couldn't make him his name. Mentioned in the movie ... You have to find the credit to find the name of Bobba Fett !!! ROTJ decision because the little character died a lot. I think ... Secondly, many fans don't like Yoda who is dying. Of course, it was an important moment in the movie. I am not happy to see him die as well. But it makes the movie more realistic Everyone who is good cannot live in a realistic movie. You know? Otherwise, if all the good people are alive and all the bad guys lose their lives, this movie is probably the same as the Saturday morning comedy. Another aspect about people who don't like the death of Yoda .. No one complains when Darth Vader attacks Obivan Kenobi in a new hope. (Many people think that the new hope will be the best in the trilogy.) Why is Obavan's death okay? But Yoda is not ... hmmmmmmmmmmmm .... Another reason I don't want to believe even one person is because people find the cute Ewoks impossible. That is utterly ridiculous !! I don't want to believe this thing !! First of all, Ewoks are in their native planet Endor, so they are familiar with their home landscape since they live there. If you watch the movie carefully, many strategies that Ewoks use to beat the Stormtroop is to take advantage of their home field superbly. (Since you live in the forest for the rest of my life, I hope you will learn to use it for your benefit). They have swinging vines, rope ropes, recording settings to travel, walkers and with Other traps, the Stormtroopers are extremely disadvantageous because they have more numbers and do not know the advantages of the forest. The only thing they have is Blaster. In increasing it, unlike the Ewoks that fought with the Stormtroopers, they were helped by the rebels in that conquest. I think that if Stormtormer had to defeat the combination of the Star Wars group, the rebels included a large group of Ewoks who were familiar with their homeland terrain. Finally, if this scene is still unbelievable for you .. In the Empire Strikes Back or in a new hope with a variety of scenes consisting of only Han Solo, Chewbacca and the Princess being shot in the tenth Storm. Superhero And all their blasters miss out while the heros are in full view !! And not only that, of course, the hero will attack Stormtroopers Always with their blaster The soldiers must have a bad goal! At the very least in Empire Strikes Back, Endor's fight is more reliable because you have two armies that are not 3 heroes for Stormtorm forces. Don't believe me. Watch the battle at Cloud City. When our hero fled Lando's base or when our heros were rescued Princess Leia and shot at (which they missed) as Han Solo and Luke tried to leave the Death Star. <br /> < br /> The last reason I The mind will discuss (Others are just Too nonsensical for me to spend my time here) is not like Darth Vader who is revealed! In many matters that are an important part of the story in the movie Luke tries to find out whether Darth Vader is his father, Anna Anakin Sky Walker or not. It would be disappointing if the film ends with Luke not seeing his father's face because it makes it perfect. By Annakin's revelation, it is a symbol of the change that Darth Vader changed from being dominated by the dark side. (In his hat) and with the good person he is Anna Kin Walker The point is that Annakin died, changing the light again, and that was the meaning of the helmet removal scene that was about. In fact, that's what I'm going to do in that scene as well. If I'm the father of Luke ... that's not what you would do if you want to see your son with your own eyes before you die. Helmet <br /> <br /> On another note, I think the subconscious or unconscious expectation among most people is that the sequel must be worse. (Although it is better) that earlier movies were another reason that ROTJ was not receiving many honors as they deserved. I never went into a movie with deception in my heart. I always tried to go into a movie with an attitude that "Well, it might be better or worse .. but I can't know for sure .. Let's see" with the way I open my mind and don't fool myself into thinking that the great movie that is obvious Not as good as it used to be. <br /> <br /> I'm not sure who criticizes these movies, but I ask a lot of students and adults about their favorite Star Wars movies and they all told me. (The only exception that says A New Hope is their favorite) is a ROTJ. I believe the results of these surveys are scary and misleading. <br /> <br /> The bottom line The return of Jedi is the best of the trilogy. This movie is the only film in three stories that fascinated me throughout 135 minutes. There is no boring moment because each scene is suspicious, exciting, surprising, or all of the above. For example, the sword fight, the emotional light between Luke and his father in ROTJ is better than the Empire Strikes Back fight every day !!! <br /> <br /> Finally, I hope people will see Phantom. Menace with an open mind because if fans start looking for toothpicks, the details are not important. (Or seen as "Other sequel") to discard movies such as "This movie has a foul odor because Luke is not in it!" Then the award-winning movie will become another amazing film, a nasty story like ROTJ that has to suffer. <br /> <br />
