I remember this movie, especially when I was a teenager. My best friend told me about this movie and it made her a child. Of course, I was a bloodthirsty girl. I had to go out and search for this movie. Now I do not know how to put this thing without losing credibility, so I will say that I really enjoy watching this movie! I know it's stupid, not the best thing and beyond blood and horrors. But that's what I'm looking for and the dentist delivers the fear, blood, sex and mad bugs. Sometimes I want a fun movie like this to let loose and make money. <br /> <br /> Dr. Alan Feinstone is obsessed with regulation and cleanliness. On the anniversary of his wedding, he secretly had Brooke's wife having sex with Matt, the dirty man. In his dental practice, the first patient of the Stonestone that day was Jodi Sanders, the youngest there. For his first dental appointment, Feinstone began cleaning Jody's teeth. Everything went smoothly at first until he imagined that Jody's teeth were brown and rotten. Bill keeps his teeth stabbed by Jodi in the gums. Jodi's mother took the baby to cry. The blood poured out in a fury Her jaw When she drifted unconscious, Feinstone imagined that she had become his wife. He started kissing and caressing her on the dental chair and then began to suffocate. April begins to cough and wakes up from the gas. Feinstone pulls out of his trance and quickly wears the shirt. April quickly, Feinstone decides to end the day before and sends the staff and patients back home. After that night, Brooke found Feinstone in his practice. He revealed the new Italian opera patient room. He encouraged the canal to the dental chair of the room. When she did so, the Stone would tie her to the chair and calm her with nitrous oxide. With the sparkling opera music on the back, he started pulling Brooke's teeth out. Feinstone got out of the depths and certainly wouldn't let anyone get in the way of cleanliness. <br /> <br /> Speak straight. Honestly, stupid like this movie. Listen to me. It's fun to watch the dentist. The best scene without a doubt is when he teaches an obnoxious IRS lesson on hygiene that I'm sure he will never forget. Men, I don't think I brush my teeth a lot after watching the dentist. Yes, I will remind you that this movie has no way of making people feel weak. There are stabbing, shooting, and brutal torture scenes that will change your stomach. In any way, I enjoy this movie if I want a good movie created for a true horror movie fan. I sent it on my DVD player and that is "teeth". Haha! I'm very funny! Um, yes, I try to give credit a little. <br /> <br /> 7/10
