After seeing his wife (Linda Hoffman) participates in sexual activities with the boys speaking R. Finestone (Corbenen), a dentist who is already quite unstable. The traditional and fun horror flick from director Brian Yuzna is a delightful change when stepping through a typical twaddle of horror that passed in the late nineteenth century. Although ?? The Dentist 'intends to be a little movie that Fun. Yuzna guarantees that this movie will give excitement and excitement to movies that are more serious than trying to get rid of. Despite suffering from the lack of the background of the main character and causing the events that should be created in a few days, the film is generally interesting, has good scripts and makes the audience interested. Even in a more laughing time ?? Sometimes dentists suffer from traction. But unlike the sequels that were inferior to 1998, there were only moments that were not only interesting, and in general the film followed himself very well. <br /> <br /> Corbin Bernsen, the role of Dr. Alan Feinstone, who is The sadists, the way in which Bernsen is able to reliably recite his songs, especially in the vulgarity and sexual immorality (Especially licking) is indispensable While many actors may have trouble communicating the cleanliness that is obsessed with the mind without making it look scary or too ridiculous, Bernsen seems to be able to truly match the character of the character he is trying to portray. If the dentist does not intend to be a comical and scary comedy, Bernsen's performance should be more powerful. Sadly, other actors (including Mark Ruffalo pre-fame) failed to perform very well, and although this film was not damaged by this story But strong performances may add credibility to the movie. <br /> <br >> The Dentist 'is not a horror movie that is intended to be serious. But it is especially fun (I will understand) for horror movie fans Those who bother with the number of Scream '(1996) from the late nineties may find that this is a refreshing change, just as I do. Scripts that are not boring and generally include the direction that the expert helped to create the horrors from the dentists in the 1990s. In addition, we have horrifying scenes and torture scenes (which are overall) that should make Most spaces are happy. Far from perfect But it's not good as well? The Dentist 'is a worthwhile flick to watch at least once. My rating for "dentist" 6.5 / 10
