The main theme in Dirty Harry is vengeance, the coldest food served. Sandra Lock has a cold in this movie because she is pretty locked into "8" as usual, but with a deadly pistol in her purse "cocked" for the bad guys, she climbed all the way to the level "10 "Years ago, Locke as Jennifer Spencer had been raped by a gang, along with her sister, trying to hinder the attack from her life as best I could. Her sister is almost unconscious due to injury, so memories are never far from her thoughts. One day, Jennifer saw one of her attackers on the street in S.F .; She bought a pistol, followed him to the bar, allowing him to pick her up. Then, when they were alone in Cadillac, began to love her, shooting him .... once in the penis when in the brain - - In the opening scene !! You must love this brave woman. She held her priorities straight. In addition, Jennifer is also a professional artist who put anger on the canvas until now. After performing her first Perp Jennifer wanted to see Det Insp Harry Callahan perform on the scene after the body was found in a caddy. Then she insulted the creepy teenage coins that followed the girl on the street. Visited her sister in a nursing home and then went hunting in San Paulo, California. "Up the Coast", an event that occurred many years ago With a gunshot in her suitcase and her heart's intentions, our heroine repented of rape in her head with clear memory as she approached to continue rape. It is not uncommon for us to talk about the trial or prosecution of violent criminals. Do not regret his humble humanity. We remember the crime and suffering he caused. This incident that caused Jennifer to pull the trigger for each of her attackers - once in the penis, when in the brain In the movie, the scene of Jennifer's revenge is full of good IL. 'Dirty Harry explodes a gang of gangsters in a cafe. "Go ahead, do it today." After that, he threatened to step on the punk boy. (Which just insulted Callahan) in the elevator at the court as if he had stepped into the dog ** t .... let one of the young women of the government stare at Clint as if saying "I want to have Your child "My favorite scene took about 30 minutes to do when Harry threatened and threatened the murderer mafia leader Threlkis to die during the granddaughter's wedding reception at the Mark Hopkins Hotel Michael Grazzo ( Pantangeli in Godfather II) Doing work As great as Mafia Don at sin, even though he was only in one scene, he died most reliably However, Harry's problems are not over yet! Punk gang of elevators and supporter of Threlkis tried to kill Harry in the second scene of similar and worse, most people end up dying horribly. Yes, some gun play occurs due to the intensity of the screen that doesn't receive attention .... It seems that Clint, the director, may be tired that day in the filming of this movie. But there are only many ways that you can deliver a man and a bullet. The punk boy died more creatively while both were burned to death and drowned in S.F Bay. Warming my heart With a strong determination that directly directed Sittichai, his master sent him to San Paulo to try to find the basis in "The death of a caliber of 22" while the crime of Jennifer Spencer is now known But not before Harry will deliver the sermon liberal love Harry as our heroes, angry local police and residents in San Paulo. But there were two murders, as well as lazy lazy fishers and creepy hardware entrepreneurs Then Harry met Jennifer! They find that they both agree on matters such as laws and regulations, wrongdoing that is paid, etc. The hot scenes and love will come near soon? We are led to believe that. Many characters in this Real-Man encounter the crime drama Real-Woman and we will meet a bullfighter named Raye Parkins that is both annoying and fun. Ray set up Jennifer's rape for her "boyfriend" many years ago and eventually she will get her. Police Chief San Paulo, played by Pat Hingle, a trusted Eastwood associate (The judge hanging in the 'Hang Em High') was strange to conflict with Callahan's investigation involving 22-cal sterilization until we found him. The teenage son is one of the gang raped. Like Jennifer's sister, the son of Nanning's chief now is an unaware adult. But was driven by guilt It can't end here. Mick, the rape fan of the current barrage, is a sex offender who drives in from Vegas because Raye leaves a small fee to Jennifer. Call him to San Paolo to prevent Additional executions Mick sleeps at Ray's house. But his time was totally wrong and he was arrested before he could spend time with Ray, mostly because she was sent to Nirand Lesbo Island by shooting Jennifer Guno Mick's handgun to bail. finally, with Jennifer gunning for him to hunt hopelessly while Harry tried not to kill them both. Everything turned out well. In the end, with a nice girl and a good man walking out into the sun together for the beautiful Roberta Flack blues.
