Despite the feelings of "Star Wars" fans, mostly in my opinion, "Return Of The Jedi" is the greatest movie theater ever created. Since the first time I saw it, depth, intensity, special techniques and moving stories have encouraged me. This film has been well collected so that it can stand the test for the last 20 years, full of powerful action as the beginning of the original trilogy. George Lucas makes us excited about "Star Wars" in "Jedi" <br /> <br /> Movie summary (There are spoilers for those who don't see it.) <br /> <br /> After "The Empire Strikes Back" left us for 3 years, we finally found the end of the story in "Return Of The Jedi" Dar. Thader, in an emotional turbulence, visited a new, incomplete Death Star to look after the construction. This film was first screened in the film because he had the ultimate plan to destroy the rebels and bring the young Sky Walker to the dark side. Luke Landau, Shi Chiwi, and all the puppets traveled to Tatouin to help Han Solo, who was frozen from the crime lord Jabba The Hutt after being rescued by Han and defeated. C returned to Dakota to search for the dying Yoda, in which he learned the horrible truth. Darth Vader was his father. Rebellious heroes gathered with the Rebel Fleet. Now joined by other races and other races, including Mon Calamari the Rebels, must have a total attack plan to destroy the Death Star before it is complete, while Lando is the leader. Space attacks in the Millennium Falcon, the rebel heroes must disable the Death Star shield in Forest Moon Of Endor. This is where the rebels were born with furry, but Ewoks  ันยิ่งใหญ่ ในระหว่างการต่อสู้ที่รุนแรงทั้งสองส่วนการต่อสู้ครั้งที่สามจะต้องเกิดขึ้นเมื่อลุคเต็มใจส่งตัวเองให้เวเดอร์ในความพยายามที่จะโน้มน้าวให้เขาออกจากด้านมืด Luke must confront his father in the order of emotion when the emperor lures his emotions out. When the young Sky Walker is facing his death in the hands of Palatine, Vader opens his evil boss to save his son. <br /> <br /> Full of timeless stories of good and evil, "Return Of The Jedi" is an emotionally excited and costly movie that brings goodness to all of us.
