When the film was released initially, it was promoted with an eye-catching slogan "Dirty Harry is here again". Anything that this pitch lacks the ability to create more than compensating with Complete and overall accuracy "Sudden Impact" still retains all the aspects that created the last three Dirty Harry films, with great success, interesting rhythms, strong characters, strong character support, endless guns and dry bone humor. Some of these elements are not only But is kept but enlarged - this is the darkest installment, the blood and the far right of the franchise. The franchise revealed quite interesting: after killing a ridiculous amount of hoodlums, the inspector Callahan was sent to force the "holiday" by His superiors went to the quiet coastal city of San Paulo. He was assigned to check the background of the murder victim who had just been shot in the penis before being deprived of his misery. (No doubt) by the second shot on the head. At the beginning of the movie, the audience will be aware of the identity of the murderer - the artist Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke), who is pursuing the gangster who raped her and her sister. This event shows the past annoying things that happened before every new murder. When the body began to appear with the same M.O it was clear that the local police chief Harry and his new love interest (guess who?) Know more than they're telling. To make matters more complicated, the one-time rapist knew that anyone was pursuing them and started to hit hard. <br /> <br /> "The sudden impact" offers unceasing action from beginning to end. Clint Eastwood directed this movie himself and mastered the set of scenes that caused the exhilarating climax. The performance of Sondra Locke indicates the combination of ruthlessness and fragility that effectively determines her character. It is said that it is fair to suspect that other actresses (Which is not Eastwood's partner at that time) may bring remarkable talents and weight to the plays - Theresa Russell and Cybill Shepherd, members of the actors who support heavily over their weight. He includes Albert Popwell as the partner of Paul Drake, Paul Drake, a psychiatrist, Mick and Audrie J. Neenan who stole the scene. <br /> <br /> However, This movie has some amazing problems. Of the sub-plans (Enmity between Harry and his gang of scary creatures that two pieces, a vendetta against him) takes on too much and no screen. Carrying a bigger story Their actual use is to increase the body to a ridiculous level. In the first half of this film, sometimes it seems that Dirty Harry would shoot more people than he had to use the bathroom. However, this movie moved into the top gear as it continued, and the cat and mouse triangular games that were between Callahan, Spencer and her former torturer were outstanding. This second hour makes it clear that the screenplay that has been removed and has a slight focus adjustment may cause "Sudden Impact" to have the potential to be a neo-horror-style movie that can lead the series to the next level. new But still there is more. 44 brave hero to fulfill his loyalty to Harry. But we got the movies that Eastwood and Warner Brothers wanted to do clearly, but the eighties master action, the great flick, which mostly refuses to challenge the intellect of a particular audience. <br /> <br /> This is the most box-office event and not difficult to see why. Even though it's not a movie that seems to be possible. But it is still fun and fun Even after repeated viewing, it will make your day
