In his masterpiece, Don Siegel Year 1971 "Dirty Harry" Clint Eastwood is an example of cruelty Maverick Film's movie cop chatter on the role of Inspector Harry Callahan. The next two are the first, which "Magnum power" believes in the political wrong attitude of the first group that has caused many critics to be angry with many critics. The second part "The Enforcer" comes back again and is promoted. " Harry dirtiest of them all, "Despite its name, this is actually the fourth movie in the series" Sudden Impact "Clint Eastwood's film, which is no doubt that Harry ruthless Narang game. The transmission offensive most intense and serious in my second film. The best after the masterpiece. <br /> <br /> *** Warning! Front spoiler! *** In a small town near San Francisco, a mysterious sexy woman (Sondra Locke) entices men to be alone with her. What these men do not know is the mysterious beauty of their past rape victims. According to police, a fate like most grueling of San Francisco inspector Harry Callahan, who was suspended again to show their dissatisfaction with the command of his free time in this small town ... "The sudden impact" is a film about Callahan. This film is extremely violent and violent. Dirty Harry Callahan himself than ever. Not afraid to take advantage of his Magnum 44 to stop the problem. Harry treats the 'punks' as they are treated and also allows people to escape many murders because revenge is justified in their thoughts. his Clint Eastwood remains excellent in the role of Harry Callahan. Eastwood is cool and awesome as the "Man With No Name" in Trilogy Dollar of Sergio Leone, and he did so again in the film Dirty Harry "sudden impact" Harry dirtiest place. We have seen Sondra Locke, Eastwood's real-life girlfriends, get along well with the role of vengeful beauty. The great Pat Hingle, who has worked with Eastwood in the Ted Post in the west, has a strong idea of ​​"Hang 'Em. High "in 1986 played the role of the head The movie of the small town, this film also includes truly nasty characters, including pathetic criminals played by Kevin Major Howard. (Better known for his role in Stanley Kubrick's "Full Metal Jacket") and the woman named Ray One of the most disgusting and disgusting female characters in the movie, Albert Popwell, a bank robber player in the famous "Do You Feel Lucky Lucky" scene in "Dirty Harry" and the black war leader in "The Enforcer" is part. Again, this time as Harry's colleagues and friends, including "Sudden Impact", is the most scary and perhaps the most horrible movie of all "Dirty Harry" movies (although "The Dead Pool" won't Bent Of course) and my second favorite after the 1971 manuscript, which is a wonderful thing not to be missed for the fans of Callahan and highly recommended for those who love the excitement of the police and those who do not like killing in the movie theater. My: 8.5 / 10
