Clint Eastwood is shown again as a detective Harry Callahan tireless fighter in combat. But will direct the fourth program in the series 'Dirty Harry' with 'Sudden Impact' again, as well as other additions, bringing different styles and sounds of their own. But if there is anything that might be similar to the original in the darkest and worst times (And add a classic line "Go ahead, make my day") ?? But some humor must be convinced that the meathead bulldogs are pisses and farts. Yes. However, the interesting facts of this program are just one of the series that are not all in San Francisco. <br /> <br /> The following story of Detective Callahan tries to collect the parts of the murder that the victim was shot. In the groin and then between the eyes After receiving problems with the head of the office and causing turbulence with some criminals after his blood He was ordered to leave. But it fell into the job that he headed to the coastal town of San Paulo, where a similar murder occurred in the veins (Bullet to the groin and between the eyes) and his case there. He started digging the soil which led to the idea of ​​someone looking for revenge. <br /> <br /> To be honest, I didn't do it. Everything is hot in Eastwood's shooting, but after watching it many times Growing up with me to the point that it is always possible with the sequel 'Magnum Force', the first sequel. This well-equipped plot allows Eastwood to work in another corner. (Although it feels like the complex play of a vigilante that is rampant at that time) is quite true with punishment. But terrible damage It was like he was experimenting with the noir that was thrilling, touching the characters driven by characters to help develop the emotional and moral framework. The use of his images is durable due to the low atmosphere. Darker tones Like the scene near the end, similar to the western show of the shadow (Harry with an automatic pistol. 44 New) Move towards the prey that is shocking on the fishing port. It's an outstanding image that creates fear! Mix cold and ordinary brutality and humor. Seems to come out One of the advantages of these films is the dialogue, while I won't call the first rate, 'Sudden Impact'. It provides impressive exchanges and reliable lines. "You're a legend in your own mind," Do not you just love to hear Harry sparked jest before pulling out a piece of him. Dancing when it happens is an exciting and intense vibration? The only way to go and walk with a little in the smooth path. Lalo Schfrin will return as a songwriter (after 'The Enforcer "has Jerry Fielding to rate). The job behind the camera (In which he acted with 'Dirty Harry') and gave a lot of scope to the film by placing the backdrop in an astonishingly flawless track scene. Is too tight to stare hard to complete the task and may show more heart than expected from this young Callahan To seek justice for Harry the seal, although he does not agree with it, I just find it surprising change of heart, a true find from his performance at Sondra Locke wounds she suffered (. Being brutally raped with her sister) is hidden in the serenity like a glass When the anger is released, it is precisely mechanical. Paul Drake is a scary and dirty person, one of the target gangster, and Audrie J. Neenan nailed a disgusting and great performance. These people are truly ugly groups. Pat Hingle is strong as the head of a small coastal town. The smaller part is Bradford Dillman and the powerful Albert Popwell. Obviously (Regularly in series 1-4 but with different characters) How do you forget him in 'Dirty Harry'? Yes, he is a bank robber, which is the end of the trademark quotes. "Do I feel lucky? Okay, punk?"
