The last item in George Lucas' STAR WARS film is often considered the weakest. However, this is not to say that it is completely worthless in the series. on the other hand. Of course, it's not as unconventional as before and a little later. But the return of Jedi still has many offers to guarantee the admission price. <br /> <br /> The top three movies That Luke and his friends helped Han from the Punjab Palace. The Hutt is a classic. Jabba is a truly disgusting lump that speaks his language. But will only make a great villain But still a memorable person too It would be a nightmare to create this giant puppet for less than the spark and life we ​​see in the finished product. In fact, what makes this fun sequence is the use of puppets wisely for members of Jabba's court, including the rancor that is intimidating, Slavering Rancor and the terrifying monster Sarlaac. All the time <br /> <br /> Things are a little slow in the second round, in which Luke knows that he and Leia are involved with blood and when we travel to the forest. Ender's home, cuddlesome's home, is still strong. Ewoks The most complaints about the return of Jedi that I read seem to have centered on these furry creatures, which they disrupt the fairy tale sound. I totally disagree with that, although this time may be played longer than expected. However, their leader Wicket (played by Warrick Davis) is a memorable creator and admires that they manage the military's technology. The empire with their simple ordinary weapons gives a great difference. <br /> <br /> By the time we reach the third scene, though, the speed will increase again as we intervene. Between Ewoks fighting with Lando soldiers and rebel forces, launching attacks against the newly-created Death Star of the Empire and the final look of Luke and Darth Vader and the Emperor. The latter relationship with the Jabba Palace sequence is the highlight of the movie. Mark Hamill changed his performance again as Luke Skywalker in these scenes and watched him as Jedi Knight due to make his acting memorable. Moreover, the distinctive voice of James Earl Jones, like Darth Vader, is his rival, shaped like a shapeless and ruthless emperor, playing with Ian McDiarmid. The tension between these three adds to the excitement of the heat. Which is bright and gloomy properly. <br /> <br /> STAR WARS movies set the standard for special effects and technical tasks in return. Jedi can easily hold a candle for the previous model. Fighting, fighting in space is as exhilarating as ever. Of course, this movie was created after the new hope and return of the Empire. It may not be surprising that the special effects will reach a greater level of excellence. The show is a fare. STAR WARS Classic Hamill, Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher are all mature and deeper in their roles, and Anthony Daniels offers a more enjoyable time as a C-3PO. Frank Oz's Yoda appears in two. Scene only But he did it as much as possible And yes, there are still songs of John Williams. <br /> <br /> Everyone says that while Jedi's return is a little stumbled in the middle, the first and third action delivered in style makes it quite satisfying. One of the greatest sagas ever. <br /> <br /> In 1997, George Lucas re-launched the classic STAR WARS in digital form. (And revamp) "Special Editions" which have additional effects and / or shocks As well as some improvements In those three, the return of Jedi seems to be causing the most turbulence with the STAR WARS fans. Maybe it's because of the disorganized outings. (Even if it's funny if you are not easily angry) "Jedi Rocks" The musical number in Jabba's palace, which even has amazing techniques. However, I like the last cut scenes that we see celebrating the victories that occur on many planets in the galaxy. This DVD version has more customizable features - we have seen the last scene of the editing scene (especially on Naboo, where we hear what sounds like Jar Jar Binks screaming "Wesa for free!") And in the changes that Most conflicting Hayden Christensen is the demon of Anakin Sky Walker in the closing scene. It may be because the fans are insulting. (And not fair) There are quite shaky jobs in EPISODE II: CLONES Attacks. It seems inevitable that fans will put this issue alone. However, if you are watching the STAR WARS heroic story in chronological order (and reflecting on it), chances are you may respond slightly differently. However, it is a problem that fans raised, so it might be best to be warned. <br /> <br /> As good as Lucas released the original version of these three classic movies. What he said about these improvements is the "clear" version of his classic trilogy, and when watching STAR WARS movies simultaneously is one of the complete fairy tales. (As Lucas intended) really is reasonable to make them Original movies are always inscribed in our memories. But these new branches are very fun if someone gives them a chance.
