Clint Eastwood's director / actor "Sudden Impact" is an interesting film for the "Dirty Harry" series, which is a combination of filmmaking and genius. It's mediocre and ridiculous in some great and classic places elsewhere, with walking that is attractive and catchable. There are many echoes of the first movie here - the scene 'em up "Make my day" reminds of the scene. "Do you feel lucky," one of the villains one nasty nasty like Scorpio's first film, the actor who plays the baddie slightly in the first return here as a partner of Harry - to name just two. /> <br /> three Harry Callahan <br still conflict with someone high up in the department. But it means that he is still tight, but now he's older and tired His constant conflict with his superiors was a metaphor for his internal conflict - respect and respect for the law, compared to the desire to serve the spirits of pure justice. together "Incompatibility" This is the basic theme of the series. The first film poses a simple question: "What about the rights of victims?" (Very fun "Magnum Force") is set to draw the line between justice and purity of the brand Harry's heartless. Dirty Harry, as well as other role of Clint is the identity of the Avenger, who defends the helpless. However, this film brought it back to the victim. In this case, Jennifer (played by Sondra Locke), who decides to take revenge on her own rape and incompetent sister, now by brutally hunting. <br /> <br /> Without playing the whole movie by playing, I will say this - I mentioned earlier that "The sudden impact" reflects the first film - actually it is sprinkled with little references and jokes from the entire series. (Confusion about the surname of the captain is an example - I believe that there is a prank intention.) The relationship between Callahan and Jennifer is complete. And she is a vigilante or victim standing up for her and the rights that make her sister's unclear fair? The exchange between these two at the end of this movie is a poem of a series of stories that I myself (as a girlfriend) find themselves quite moving. The final scene that made Sudden Impact the right spot for the "Dirty Harry" collection, which is the perfect answer for the first film conflict. (In order not to tap "The Dead Pool" - the great movie is a rather light thriller. But also a cartoon that has Harry Callahan more than the movie that sets the character like this) <br /> <br /> This film is made Cinema audiences in the Reagan Era finds Harry and his family very inviting, and the president was quoted as saying. "Go ahead, make my day well"
