It is strange to see movies in which some scenes are quite weak. (Compared to other movies in the legacy) and others in the 'subplots' or supporting stories are surprisingly strong and inspiring. Sudden Impact is one of those cases where Clint Eastwood is a star / producer / producer. Directed when he did his best or during the time he dealt with crime / mystery / detective on his Dirty Harry story, we got that line. 'Make my day' and not like in the first movie that quotes "I felt his luck" was playful and cool at the first and second time. At the end, it was difficult like a nail. He joined the department again as usual when he tried to fight his 'way' crime, especially with the robbery of a restaurant. (Inspiration for fiction from pulp?) And with a high-speed hunt with a senior citizen bus, he told 'vacation' and that was the last thing in his heart. All the main stories are not very convincing, in addition to the expectation of the story and the story which add to the frustration. But soon his story merged with Eastwood's subplot from the beginning. <br /> <br /> Enter the character of Jennifer Spencer at Sandra Locke, which we learned after the mysterious scene ( That's right) that she and her shy sister Is a victim of cruel and unfair rape (Unfair rape) and being a spy and getting revenge Her scenes and stories are the strongest parts of the most violent movies, and finally when it enters Callahan's story (he gets the facts in the same small town that she was murdered). Eastwood's classic style, good, clear and evil. (Although sometimes blurred to make sure) Eastwood filmed the incident, not to talk too much about them, expertly in a new format with the Lalo Schifrin score experiment of the trademark filled with the atmosphere in the scene. These and in other scenes, it seems that a couple of times the artistic senses have plunged into Eastwood's straightforward storytelling style that helped the film. See it <br /> <br /> It's a shameful thing, even though at the end For the expected score (Or maybe not expected) and until the third action Sittichai will not have to do anything other than normal Smith ... Wesson ... and I 'shtick. However, with Locke, he gets a good performance. A lot of her (Smarter and more impressive than gloves in gloves) and an exciting climax in the amusement park In the way I do and disagree with Ebert's words, it's a 'music video' in Eastwood's style here. I agree that there is a comparison with the simplicity of both of them. But the scenes, Eastwood made a model that is different than any of the music video, it's great, it's very difficult not to the extent the two pictures of Harry. But wait, there may be a worse way to spend a few hours with the boss. 44
