After "Star Wars: New Hope", science fiction is redefined and "Empire Strike Back" redefines "Star Wars". It is hard to believe that the third and final film of this trilogy will be able to do well. But this one works really well. The first part of this film helped to resolve the exciting story left from the previous movie, along with a complex escape plan that was consistent with the doubts and incredible actions of the first two movies. Then the movie moved back to the rebels and what happened in the war. There are many action scenes to create the final confrontation of the rebellion against the emperor. When the battle begins, the audience will be on the edge of their seats from everything that leads to the fight and this final battle is more intense than other movies. This peak has a higher density with more movement. Other parts of the trilogy, most vulnerable to rebellion This is a constant change between land battles between crews, land rebellion protesters. (Including Han Solo, Chewbacca, and Leia) The battle that takes place in space (Including Landau) and the confrontation between Luke and the Emperor on the new Death Star Which led to the fight again with Darth Vader. It was very violent because the rebels often lost the battle which would determine the outcome of the war and seemed to have no way to survive. Although I think that the idea of ​​Ewoks overcoming the Stormtorm is far away But it does not look realistic because they have more distraction than the rebels can use instead of being a real threat to the true Stormtroopers Luck fighting with them There is also a twist or two at the end that no one has seen, which may not be as surprising as "The Empire Strikes Back" but still a very beautiful ending. With a light tone of "New hope" and the bigger sound of "The Empire Strikes Back". This movie made them successful by combining the two together in this great ending. A special edition for "Return of the Jedi" focused on the things that are willing to change because there are not many manuscripts that really need it. Fifteen years of technological advances seem to have not been compensated for fifteen years of deterioration associated with the feud scene, and there are still TIE fighters who occasionally disappear. But in addition to it, the mouth of the uncontrollable Sarlaac's mouth was given a moving mustache and a head that looked like a large fly trap that appeared to be added. Moreover, the disco was taken out of Jabba's palace and the end of the manuscript was replaced by a celebration of the great victory that covered the whole galaxy instead of just the small Ewok village, which is the original case. And not like that, ending the big story in the way it deserves It's hard to say which of the three best films. But since it is all part of the same story, the trilogy is like a great movie and a remarkable story Three must see for movie fans
