Vigilante has long fascinated the audience for a long time because it makes it feel fast and fair. Good victories over evil and bad people receive souvenirs. In fact, it's one of the things that makes Dirty Harry Callahan's character (played by Clint Eastwood) popular. He holds the badge and works under the law. But it is Harry's vigilante justice in his judgments, which often put him at odds with his superiors as well as the criminals they pursue. But it is something that attracts viewers Anyone who has been bogged down in the government's nonsense, whether one is happy to see someone cut through the red tape and fits it - even if it's on the screen. And the satisfaction gained from seeing justice - and quickly - is one of the elements that make 'Sudden Impact' directed by and starring Eastwood, which has been very successful. In this regard, the fourth of the series while working murdered Harry met a vigilante who works unwittingly - a person with a badge of justice similar to his own, with one exception: Whether he. <br /> <br /> In a way that cannot be mimicked by him, Inspector Sittichai ended up in the bad side of the department again and was ordered to take a break. So he only made `Dirty Harr y 'is only possible in a small town north of San Francisco, Harry found himself dab in the middle of a murder, which he linked to the murder recently in San Francisco. Ko Employed by offenders Harry faced resistance from the police chief of the city of Jennings (Pat Hill), who introduces him to the strategies and methods in other major cities of him. However, undeterred by Harry still further investigation, which ultimately involves a young artist Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke), a talented and beautiful. Harry discovered a link between the victims gradual. Jennifer Spencer, who is in the picture where the burning question is. <br /> <br /> Eastwood is in the top of the front and back of the camera and is the best content. The second in the fifth - the original Dirty Harry series for seven years since `Harry Offering (The Enforcer, '1976), but Eastwood moved in with the character of facilities and rejuvenation. And this one definitely benefited from having him in the director's chair while he could restore the essence of not only But his own character, but the 'soul' that made these films successful and he did it by knowing the land and Create continuity at all But will remove the seven-year gap between #s 3 and 4. As with all movies that he directed, Eastwood has determined the proper rhythm for this material and created enough tension to make it interesting and relevant since Beginning to the end <br /> <br /> The screenplay by Joseph Stinson is well written and has the style of `Dirty Harry 'that is unique. The dialogue is short and the story. (By Charles B. Pierce and Earl E. Smith) is the most enchanting scene since the original Dirty Harry, when more successful in trying to play in the personal aspect of the drama. All actions Characters that have been gaining confidence and, of course, this is a film that provides the best phrase of Harry: 'Go ahead - make my day ...' <br /> <br /> The Hare. Barry Clint Eastwood gathers all the elements that make this character perfectly popular: He lives by the moral code, the true person who is made from what we see as a pioneer who settled That this country Today, Harry demonstrates a sense of freedom and justice that we are all struggling to hold and love today than ever before. Whether we are or who come from a part of us that wants to be Harry or at least he is `Dirty Harry 'is an icon of cinema, and it is impossible to imagine anyone. But Eastwood portrayed him, whether good or bad, Eastwood `is' Dirty Harry without question. Like Sean Connery, James Bond and Basil Rathbone, Sherlock Holmes. <br /> <br /> Sondra Locke has all the effect in the role. Of Jennifer Spencer, a young woman made a mistake and went out to avenge A. As you see there is justice. She is determined to bring a difficult commitment to her character in a convincing and interesting way that is far beyond the general "action" genre. Even in the midst of violence, Locke continued to focus on Jennifer and the shocking events that brought her into her life. Describing her as a perfect ingredient for Harry Eastwood and became a philosophy and some action in /> <br /> In his supporting role <br showing two outstanding: Paul. Drake, as Mick, created the best `psycho 'because Andy Robinson demonstrated the power of a serial killer in the movie' Dirty Harry '. With a really limited time, the Drake screen creates an unlikely presence. Che Rotate the truly trustworthy and reliable, which adds a visceral response to a real audience. This is someone you can't wait to see Harry take care of at the end. Also effective is Audrie J. Neenan, which makes her character Ray Parkins a summary of the humble life that can be found in every bar in any city. It is a show that stimulates the intestinal response and increases the credibility of the movie greatly because it gives the necessary real feeling. <br /> <br /> The supporting actors include Albert Popwell (Horace), Mark. Kevloun (Bennett) and Nancy Parsons (Mrs. Kruger) with the perfect combination of drama and action `Sudden Impact 'give justice that is a response from reality. The perfect justice of the imperfect world which creates a satisfying movie experience. 9/10
