Ok, I don't know what to expect when seeing Fido's cover. Honestly, when I met in a video store, I was tempted to rent this movie. But nothing about this that really caught my attention But when I look around on Netflix, they advertise like this crazy. If I like movies that are "scary", I think I will try it. I'm glad I watched it. This is just a great movie. It's very fun and charming to watch. As I said Pleasantville meets Night of the Living Dead. It's just a great idea. What happens after a massive zombie attack? As we saw in the comedy of zombies Shaun of the Dead, they were fun by making the remaining zombies as "useful" citizens. This is a horror / comedy that has been overlooked. Blown away with Shaun of the Dead that made this boot But it is a great story and the actor is perfect and makes it into a really funny movie. <br /> <br /> In the 1950s alternative universe where radiation from space causes people to become zombies. This radiation is still a threat to humanity because everyone who died after contamination began to become human. In order to continue the normal life, communities were assisted by a company called Zomcon. Zomcon provided collars with remote controls to control the hunger of zombies for meat to be used as slaves or servants. In the town of Willard, the housekeeper, Helen, bought the zombies despite the fear of the husband's husband, Bill. Timmy, their son, has a friendship with the zombies, named him "Fido". One day, Fido's collar is malfunctioning and he kills the next door neighbor who turns into a zombie. Tim has "killed" the neighbor zombies. When the local gangster was blamed for the missing neighbors, they would catch Fido and Timmy. Helen came to help Timmy and Fido from the gangsters and they tried to forget all things. Several days later, the body of a neighbor was found and the murder was followed back to Fido, who was taken to Zomcon, where the people said he would be destroyed. Timmy learns from a friend that Fido is working at a factory in Zomcon. Timmy sets out to help him with help from his neighbor and the zombie fans, hoping to get Fido back. <br /> <br /> I would recommend the movie. This story, if you have the opportunity to see it, it's so stupid. But lots of fun Billy Connelly worked very well as Fido and brought it really, not quirky, intended for many lives in the characters. I think the scene that makes me laugh the most is when Timmy has to bury the old woman Fido attacks and kills his last words with her so funny. "You are not really good. But do you like flowers? "And he buried her in the garden No need to talk about neighbors and sick zombie fans. But a classic laugh I'm still in love, though this is a world genre, allowing it to be a beaver-knight, but still has a lot of movies. So if you have a chance to see Fido, I promise you a good laugh. <br /> <br /> 9/10
