As soon as I heard about this film, I knew I had to try it. I heard this. Then I found a trailer. After that, that's when I knew I had to watch it. And I'm glad I did Do you want to watch classic television mixed with zombies? none? Then disappear. <br /> <br /> FIDO is a movie unlike anything I've seen. Actually, it is like Lassie and the Zombie movie, although when combined, it gives a new and perfect feeling. FIDO is a little boy named Timmy and his new pet, Fido. This new pet will not have a bird. A small glass, it's a deadly animated film ... Zombies, a large cloud of radiation surrounded the world, leading to all the rising deaths that occurred in the Sombri war. For Although being a genius of Reinhold Giger, ZomCon's lead scientist, he discovered that if you destroy the brain, zombies will perish, which will give us an advantage and win the zombie war. Even if there is a prolonged radiation But the dead became a zombie Which may be a problem especially for the elderly, although Zomcom will step up again with greater progress, especially with Domestication Collar Collar stops the needs of zombies for human flesh and makes it harmless to domestic pets. But not everything is perfect in this Zombie Utopia. The collision of the old man dies and .... Well, I will give you an unbelievable unique flick. <br /> <br /> FIDO is a great concept. . With all the actors and the excellent FIDO writing, the greatest increase in the genre of comedy / horror. There are many funny and original situations that entertain me. Although after watching the movie, I think this movie is probably better than black and white. In less than 90 minutes, this movie wasn't too long and moved from one scene to another at a good rate. It may end up being a classic cult, because it's not funny, loud, or even horror. It's a funny movie / family / zombie. If you think everything I say here is interesting, everyone is watching this movie. But if you are still in the fence, swing your legs back and stay there 8.5 outta 10
