When talking about the creation of the universe, George Lucas is a problem-free expert and Star Wars movies. His final story is very good. (And received a more appropriate rating compared to the previous two movies in the original). Recently saw Revenge of the Sith making this view a reality. The final battle seemed to be a great climax when I learned that Anakin Sky Walker passed the Emperor's hand. In addition, the final battle between Luke and Vader was more bitter when considering his love for Padmé and the love she felt for her. Actually, while new movies (especially Episode II) are inferior to original movies, they are good for one reason only. They make the old movie look even better. Mark Hamil has done a great job in this movie. He brought real change to look. In all fairness, I believe he should become a great actor from these movies because he works really well. Harrison Ford is still good. However, you can feel that he has made Raiders and Blade Runner between the last two chapters. Of Star Wars because he seemed to grow a little He added more humor. (Obviously inspired by the Raiders) with the character that works perfectly. In short, Han Solo is better than ever. Carey Fisher has never been a really good actor. But she did a good job and definitely passed. Ian McDiarmid appeared in this film and when I saw Episode 3, I could safely say that he was one of the most successful villains ever. James Earl Jones still gives the voice for Vader and he is still very good. <br /> <br /> In terms of how the movie looks quite safe to say that the Star Wars universe looks better than either of the two. Previous movies (two), but this is always the fortress of Lucas, which is expected to be Endor's final battle was very well done in terms of general effects and intelligent tension. It was a good touch that Lucas decided to have three battles at the same time, while increasing the overall tension of Climax. <br /> <br /> The only thing I felt was dragging. The movie came down from 9, deserving to be an Ewoks. These tiny creatures were so annoying that they almost destroyed every scene they entered. Also, I thought it would be a small matter when a group of teddy bears with bows and children Wakefield could beat Squadron Storm Troopers with machine guns, lasers and powerful br >> <br /> Return of the Jedi is a very good movie. But the fact that Richard Markland is a less successful director than Irvin Kershner shows that the overall feel of the movie is less than intelligence. In addition, the stupid decision of George Lucas to add the Ewoks to the universe makes this film lacking intelligence. <br /> <br /> 8/10
