About a year ago, I was watching TV news when a story about a zombie movie was filmed in my area. Since then, I paid special attention to this movie called 'Fido' when it was finished and started playing at the festival. Two weeks ago, Fido started playing in my local theater. And yesterday I read an article in the newspaper stating that Fido did not attract audiences for limited launches, except our local theater. In fact, here are all other performances that have been withdrawn at The Paramount Theater, including 300. Of course, this is the reason many local people want to see their city on the screen. And for other locals who still do not see Fido but are considering, I can say that there are many pictures on the screen, from school to city park to the forbidden area that you will remember. In fact, they make the Okanagan Valley look beautiful. That's a beautiful scene in the zombies movie! However, Fido himself is a very good movie. Yes, even with bugs But better than 20 other movies played in my local market. Fido is best described as being a Lassie episode where Colly was replaced by a member of the undead. And the film continues to take advantage of the 1950s, focusing on consistency and playing the cold war of paranoia which led to McCarthyism It also creates the idea that zombies can practice or practice, which George Romero first launched on the day of death. <br /> <br /> K'Sun Ray plays as a small town boy with a mother (Carrie-Ann Moss) Longing for a servant zombie so that she can be like any other wife in her house. However, his father (Dylan Baker) is contrary to the idea as he must kill his own 'father zombie'. Will receive a zombie named 'Fido' (played The Billy Billy Connolly) and adjust to the life of the deceased. Billy Connolly was the inspiration for casting. He can convey Fido's confusion, desire, hatred and loyalty through only his eyes, the body that looks and roars. Connolly shows that he can play the characters better than the funny characters that are outrageous. This is his best role since the Queen Brown. <br /> <br /> Fido follows in the footsteps of other recent Somos such as Shawn Of The Dead and Zombie Honeymoon. I like Bruce Campbell's movies and Misty Mundae more than Eli Roth and the Jigsaw. I like humor more than scary stories. However, I understand the criticism of the horror fans that feel that there is Fido is not enough to kill, but I am confident that the patient audience will be rewarded with a gentle humor movie. <br /> <br /> The film collapses in the third chapter. As if the writer was encapsulated by the lovely evidence of zombies in the house. In 1950, they forgot about the story arc However, with my interest in horror comedies and the appreciation of seeing the neighborhood on the screen, I rate Fido 9 out of 10.
