A long time ago, in a galaxy far and wide ..... There was a boy of only two years old when the original movie "Star Wars" was released. He couldn't remember having watched the first movie. But he cannot remember the previous life He remembered the first "Star Wars" theme he received ... a shoe box full of action figures from traditional costumes. He is too young to fully appreciate what the gift will be. But many years later he will get something today as one of the best gifts he has ever received: another box full of ten action figures from the last twelve he wants to make a collection. His perfect Now is the legend in this boy's family that he wants the last action, Anakin Sky Walker, to stop producing and selling in this shop and boy. ten years It comes from someone on the floor of his dormitory for beer nuggets (don't ask ... it's about Northern Illinois University) <br /> <br /> I can't criticize "Star Wars" as a movie. It means everything is good, fun and wonderful about my childhood. In my heart there is no separation from the Christmas season, the birthday, the summer and the winter that grew up. In the winter, my friend and I will build a snow fort and pretend that we are at Hoth (I'm a Han Solo always). My friend's father built a tree house, kicking them for them and acting as Ewok villages. There is also a large pine tree with a lower branch that is high enough to create a cave at the bottom and this is a good point to pretend that we are in Yoda's house. I'm shameless when talking about "Star Wars" and I think people understand it or not. I didn't get attracted from "Lord of the Rings" or "Stark", but I understand the flock of fans who are crazy about the fans who follow them because I'm a big fan of George Lucas's movies. <br /> <br /> I feel there is no need to protect my opinion about these movies as the greatest ever. Every time I put it on a DVD player, I felt like I was eight years old again, when life was simple and the biggest problem I got was finding a way to follow the body of Anakin Skywalker. <br /> <br / > Grades (for all endings): A +
