If you like horror movies that are full of blood and ghosts, many horrifying moments and uncompromising scenes that intensify death are serious. If you like the horror, quiet, frustrated and thoughtful horror that makes the blood flow out for true fear, Wendigo is perfect for you. <br /> <br /> The thoughts focus on George Kim, his psycho wife and The young son Miles is heading to a snowy countryside for a long weekend during the long weekend from the city. On the way up, George hit the deer with his car. Hunters who hunt deer are not excited when they discover that George ends the chase. Especially the crazy Otis hunters use it personally He followed his family to a vacation home to make sure they saw him. He spies George and Kim when having sex. He fired his rifle through the window when they were not at home, allowing them to discover an ominous hole in the windows and walls when they returned when Kim took Miles to the pharmacy in Miles. To a small statue in a carved display box similar to a man with a stag head The Native American man told Miles that this is the Vend derico, the spirit of the forest that is always meaty and hungry Miles took his body home and haunted Hart's death the day before. That afternoon, when he and his father slid away, George was shot and Miles pursued the forest by an almost invisible monster ... or was he just shocked and imagined all things? A few hours later, George rushed to the hospital and miles still clasped the statue, whether it was a faint dream or a mission based on the vision Wendexo returned. This time, anger, eating meat, God - a part of the tree, part stag and part of man - is hunting Otis, which has finally passed away. <br /> <br /> Wendigo is the movie that Beautifully crafted Because the wind blowing through the trees covered with snow Okay, so the monster looks fake. But it has a small flaw that is created from the true sense of tension and fear that creeps through every frame of the film and the creepy backdrop of the quiet, rural snow. Excellent, especially by Jake Weber as George and Patricia Clarkson, who has a good temper and kind heart as a sweet but ridiculous wife. They are happy couples who have problems. Together and is the strength of the relationship and love for each other, which makes this film powerful Watching this movie is often like watching a video in someone's home. <br /> <br /> This movie isn't suitable for everyone. Many people may find themselves completely disgusted, waiting for wild animals, lovecraft that are nasty and revenge that had never happened before. We cannot be certain that Wendigo really exists if looking through the eyes of a sensitive child and later through the eyes of a madman. This is a psychological drama rather than a horror movie. But it has enough creepy elements to satisfy the fans of horror horror
