Kim (Patricia Clarkson), George (Jake Weber) and Miles's son (Erik Per Sullivan) are heading to the country to relieve the winter suffering from the bustling metropolis of Manhattan. On the way they hit the buck and ended up in the snow. A group of hunters who follow the buck Instead of helping at least one Otis hunter (John Seferagos) was mad because the accident caused the deer to break. George Kim and Miles were disturbed by Otis, and worse, we knew that Otis learned where they were. At the same time, Miles also received a wendigo (spirit / monster that changed shape / India) by the Indians who had But he only saw Otis is a psychopath or not to get our hero? Are Wendogos in the forest? <br /> <br /> I can see that Wendigo has many problems that attract viewers. It is a movie with a relatively low budget, with technical limitations appearing frequently. Most movies and all may not be about superhuman beings. And perhaps the great explosion of many people, it is a very vague end, with a number of questions that have not been answered If you feel discouraged from the ending and you don't like a movie that aims to make you think and talk about everything, make yourself and avoid Wendigo. <br /> <br /> Personally, I like movies like I tend to like the ambiguity of Wendigo's marketing, focusing on those who want to flick the scary creatures quickly, which they want a big fight with supernatural creatures that The loser at the end and everything was tied up neatly with the exception of the opening Wendigo 2: The Monster Returns, but that's not what this movie. Wenderedo is more generous and poetic than the skin of a creature that will introduce to most people. Heck, writer / director Larry Fessenden has the character George reciting the Robert Frost chapter. Frost's poets and George's comments at Frost can create complex images and atmosphere from what seems easy to be the key to the movie. <br /> <br /> One of the best things about this movie is Sublime before this In a certain way, there are four different films that occur at the same time: threads from each character. In George's post, he is not the happiest or most satisfying person in the world, and he has trouble raising. For him, this movie is a lifelike and scary lineage in his life, ranging from bad stories to worse stories in Patricia's theme. She is looking for a revival of her life and family. She is a psychologist, mostly rejecting problems around her, hoping that they will disappear and better. In Otis's topic, he was more fortunate than George and George's arrival into his life as a symbol of the final "crack" in his psychological armor. And in the topic of Miles, which is probably the most important aspect of the movie, life is like a great poem due to youthful innocence and world interpretation But this is a horror story, although everyone has hopes and events in the movie, making Miles's poem become dark. Still, when everything was said and done, he seemed to be the only person who kept his peace from the point of view of the poem. <br /> <br /> Although the film has a low budget The ambition of a higher budget, Fessenden and the director of photography Terry Stacey, find beautiful pictures in beautiful places and create interesting slideshows such as montages. (Such as cards or wendigo images of India from books). There are also interesting traditional edits, such as Miles Wendigo's nightmare, taken and edited better than big budget movies. <br /> <br /> Issues Other techniques are good for the budget. The appearance of "Wendigo" at the end is suitable for me and is not clear. The light is always good - there are a few times that the dark scenes are not as clear as they should be. But it seems to have more problems with the movie stock (May be digital instead) or transfer. I think the show is good and very realistic. (If you focus on that) more than most movies Although I didn't notice the score But it is ok. Otherwise, I will notice it with a negative decision. <br /> <br /> Overall, Wendid is a very good movie that deserves to be watched. As long as you don't have to think about movies you watch
