An amazing example of alchemy in the cinema, along with a great lead role. (Written by a Hollywood hooligan who is not stupid, Hollywood Jole Schumacher) has been transformed into a beautiful, elaborate musical character 24 hours a day with an energetic and fresh direction. The unique production point, tasteful recreation in the 50s of New York, New York, hissing sound, along with the punches and magic rhythms and excellent blues scores by Curtis Mayfield. <br /> <br /> Which is based on informal real-life exploits of Supremes, informally documented the rags that are rich from the climax of the black girl singers, three teenagers who are desperate to escape From them And make it a big deal in the world of music, R&B. All the obvious things of instant wealth and success - for example, destruction, rampage, drugs, corruption, fighting to maintain your integrity and others - will Predicted But fortunately, the work was obviously brilliant in other departments, canceling the flat of Schumacher, an unplanned plot. First-class performances can be very helpful. Irene Cara, Lonette McKee and Dwan Smith are sexy, lively and attractive singers - and a great singer to boot. When compared to the good performances, it turned out by Philip Michael Thomas as a patient, a group of gentlemen, gentlemen, Dorian Harwood as McKee's great actor who loves the greyhound fiercely. And perennial baddie blaxploitation Tony Harlem "" Bucktown ") Rajasthan is cool, charming, smooth use, nasty stone connoisseur The tone is lighter and splits from each other, funny and painful, to grief and unreasonable, without having to cross the rhythm of the dance, develop into sparkle and elevate the poem to the special abilities of the human spirit to overcome difficulties and Intimidating effectively <br /> <br /> Sam O'Stern's senior editor admits himself to be excellent in his first directing. Bruce Surtees' glowing film and editing by Gordon Scott's experts are flawless. Understanding the atmosphere around O'Stern is a small matter, but is interested in the small details and the messy feeling of a busy and uninterrupted pace is an impressive thing. There is no trick about engaging the impeccable soundtrack of Curtis Mayfield. "Jump," "What can I do with this feeling?" "Givin 'Up," "Take my precious hand." , "Lovin 'You Baby" and "Look Into Your Heart" are all terrifying, almost emotional. Unbelievably wonderful music with a sweet, sweet Jones number. "Something He Can Feel", which was later covered by both Aretha Franklin and Envoc, makes the song that won the best as the best song of all time The net result of all the features mentioned above clearly shows that sometimes it is not as much a screenplay as it does with the script, which determines the overall sterling quality of the movie.
