Yes, you read it right. Michael Bay children should study this movie before creating an overly overdue and pointless Transformers movie. "Robot Jox" is better than both and may cost less than the crew. "Transformers" used by Megan Fox's personal trainer. <br /> <br /> Luckily, this little robot was originally known as a movie. The Empire Pictures bankruptcy of Charles and Albert Band seems to have developed a cult after many years. I remember watching the VHS at the beginning of the video in the early 90's, and although some parts of the political / Cold War era / image of the Cold War era were outdated at that time. (Just the luck of the band that Communism will fall while that film Sitting on the shelf to wait for the release, right?) Is still a cute little B-Movie. They don't make it this way anymore, or if they do them along the Bay and CGI things in an unbearable proportion. <br /> <br /> For those unfamiliar, this is Robo- The scoop: We somewhere in the future and after the nuclear disaster "large" war has been illegal. Various international disputes have been decided by mano-a-mano (or maybe machine-o-machine-o) by one representative from each side that fought in the giant Shogun Warrior-style robot, whichever bots walked away from the battle for the victory of the "He" Gary Graham (which continues Will play Sy Detective in the "Alien Nation" series), playing "Achilles" Jock, the greatest robot in the Marketplace (aka the good guy), history of the Achilles defeated in the fighting robot nine times before him. (Ten people are the highest number of battles before releasing "Jock") and at the beginning of the film, he encounters his opponent from "Confederation" (eg The Russkies!). Psychotic maniac (Which is the top-ranked "evil Russian" since being a bad person since the embarrassing Dolphin Lundgren, like Ivan Draco in "Rocky IV"), the competition is always called When Alexander violated the rule by moving the illegal robot at the last minute and ending at Achilles, not only embarrassing But also killing all viewers in the bargain The competition is scheduled to finish the race, but Achilles just wants to bend out, put on his helmet and go with his life. Instead of violating the rules of the spoiler by revealing more, I would say that there is a lot of twists and turns behind the scenes. Skullduggery and other problems for Achilles and his teammates "Jox" before the robot clash Two giants in the end <br /> <br /> I hope I won't make this movie a masterpiece of science fiction, because it's not "Robot Jox". It's a fun game. I will give it a concept that is higher than your average B grade Sci-Fi movie, and although budget constraints make yourself sometimes known (Especially in scenes related to painful green screen tricks) is still the best-looking movie ever released from Empire / Full Moon Pictures. The robot battle scenes are very well done using techniques The school / old stop movement and costumes and costumes look even less convincing. Pictures from the Empire and director Stuart ("Re-Animator") Gordon is shooting the stars with this picture. Unfortunately, it's not interesting for them. (Or in the studio) but at least we got a small movie. Bottom line: If you want to be attacked visually and visually for 2 hours or more, don't hesitate to rent a movie. "Transformers" At the end, you tend to feel that you spend all the time watching other people playing video games. If you want to have rock'em, sock'em, robot, good time, choose Robot Jox instead.
