"Matador" is a comedy movie starring Pierce Brosnan as an age-old assassin who is engaged to American businessmen. A straight arrow that is happy. (Greg Kinney) in Mexico. Although Julian satirizes (satirizes "nobles"), seems to be "tough people" on the bottom surface. He is just a group of nerves and insecurities. Chose to leave him alone in truth The world and the friendliness So on his birthday, he reached out to Danny, a man who lives according to the rules and becomes very interested in Julian's unconventional lifestyle. In fact, both people met in a person they had never been. But hopefully they will become a quiet moment of self-assessment. Frank / <br /> <br /> Although this film is reminiscent of "analysis" and "Midnight Run", this gives a refreshing feeling and is Truly original "The Matador" received points for the complexity of the characters and the quality of the older Brosnan show and almost lost his consciousness in the role of Julian in the way he had never before. Playing is a person who seems to be unable to make a serious connection with another human being. The secret is that Brosnan turns back into a warrior once more, then being genuine and sympathetic. He often makes us not in balance, so that humor will not become rocky or outstanding. Kinnear is excellent as a regular businessman. Joe finds himself drawn to the dark side due to his relationship with Ju. Hope Davis worked as well as "Bean". Danny's loyal and loving wife, who, like her husband, found herself interested in mysterious numbers and The revenue from a different world from where she /> <br /> as we sometimes find <br himself felt "the Matador" was holding something back from us. At the end, it feels a little too light, not too important to register the effects that should be. Probably because this is the first movie to be released for writer / director Richard Shephard and he hasn't been affected much. But still, people admired the fact that he didn't always go for clarity, and he concentrated on the two digits in the piece, firmly, not settling down for staging or laughing easily. > <br /> 'The Matador' is a small flaw, but it provides entertainment with little jokes that hope to signal a new step in Brosnan's acting career.
