The marriage of Maria Braun (MMB) is about a German woman (Maria) being married to a German soldier. (Herman Braun) at the end of the war After being married for half a day, one night, Herman was sent to the front again. Maria began working at the bar for most American soldiers and getting to know the black soldiers. She received news that Herman died at the front and things developed between her and American soldiers. Herman approached them on the bed and after the confrontation between him and the American Maria killed the Americans. Herman admitted the murder ended in prison and Maria vowed to wait for him. The country is in chaos. We see people throwing everything they are busy with cigarettes. There is a shortage of food It is in the shortest time of the survival of the most suitable. <br /> <br /> Essentially, this film shows Maria's attitude - those attitudes that she allows herself under such circumstances. To be a metaphor for the loss of the spirit of Germany after they lost the war and how to create new ones For example, Maria has the following conversation with the hawker (shown by Fassbinder himself); Chapman tried to sell her excellent Kleist copy and she said, "Kleist burns fast. It doesn't provide enough heat for the cold." The hawker replied, "That is another way to watch the episode. This may be the right way. "<br /> <br /> Maria met with a French businessman / German Karl Oswald after she bargained for a first class train. She decides to participate with Carl. "You don't have a relationship with me; I have a relationship with you. "She was also responsible for the company, and after a while, was trusted by the company. "I think we have to wait for a miracle," she replied. "I like doing miracles, right? In her own words, she became "Mata Hari of economic miracles". <br /> <br /> In Fassbinder's film, he tries to reveal the psychological process behind social mechanisms (see Freud). ; In other words, he likes to point the camera to bullsh * t. The wrong social mechanism. Maria's direct approach to this film succeeds in conveying this ideology. For example, she calls with Carl and when he picks up the phone she asks, goes straight to the point that "I need someone to sleep with." As Fassbinder said, "The emotions that people don't have and are just the feeling that we think we need to be members of the right society." Also noted that his film resists emotion. <br /> <br /> I like the scenes that Carl and Maria meet in a Munich restaurant. (Obviously Hitler often visited) Maria appeared in control and Carl was on the bottom as if Maria's 'brutal honesty' makes him look as if he is no longer in a perfect situation. Carl says, "I have to tell myself again and again that I love life." Saying, "That is life, not as if we signed a contract to enjoy life and we went out to eat and talk about food." I guess this is about Fassbinder's attitude towards relationships. And why do you have to use if the most important thing of most of his movies is about "What is love in this society?" Commodities, power tools "<br /> <br /> It is noted that It is normal for Fassbinder to have a scene with Maria and Betti walking in an expensive dress in the ruins after the war - with these clothes being the wrong time. What I think he wants to show here is those attitudes when you feel bad that "You can make up and face a great day." But Fassbinder doesn't care about perfection. Any mistakes made in the movie can be resolved in the next project. Since he finished the movie (about 4 years), the way people rolled cigarettes, it's not surprising that the film has a very bad scene. Peter Marthesheimer Most screenwriters say that Fassbinder tends to dream about the whole scene with Maria and the Americans in the park overnight. <br /> <br /> Hanna Schygulla is as good as Maria. In most cases, she just stared into the camera. In Maria's words "It's a bad time for emotions. But I like it like that. "<br /> <br /> There are different opinions about the end. After Carl died from the attack, Hart finally appeared. Herman appeared. (Herman left Australia after he left prison for "Be human again") after delivering the covenant (Half done with her and Herman) Maria forgot to turn off the gas on the stove when she lit a cigarette And blow her and Herman up For me it was clear that she had just accidentally done. At the same time, she must be vigilant in the end when her dreams appear to be true. She must feel as though she is no longer herself. She felt as though she was outlived.
