Maria Braun married in the middle of the fight around her and her husband Hermann. The explosion began in the building to begin. She and Hermann had to sign documents on the rubble. Perhaps this is a heavy metaphor for what is about to happen: marriage on the rocks, so should speak Is a fiancé whose husband went to war and was detained in a Russian prison camp, not useless Maria But there is hope and pride that Maria, standing beside the ruins of the train station while some people go home With the sign waiting for Hermann Beside her man, although it means working at a bar for American GI, and even after she heard from a fellow soldier that Hermann died, he would still stand by him while she was sleeping with the black GI. He was close to his son. (That is, naturally, until he appears again and the murder occurs and he uses rap to keep her safe) or work for a German businessman (sympathetic to Ivan Desny), a woman and a rising star in the company of Marie. Will do everything to succeed But she is always married. <br /> <br /> It's hard to say that there is something about Maria that is not interesting. Money, sex, power, these things become interchangeable of Maria. She is like a woman who has her cake and is eaten with a hot smile: she will have a husband more or less. (In fact, much less than the last ten minutes of the movie) while receiving things - a man who likes her Whenever he can afford a new and expensive house with a servant, secretary, money - that other people around her do not receive because they are with men or are too weak to get up anywhere. (Such as the secretary playing interestingly enough by Fassbinder's mother) <br /> <br /> Maria is sexy, confident and alone with the ideal life to fight for life that should be done in the shade. She talks about two men - an American soldier and a poor elderly and Oswald patient that she likes them and at the same time is stuck with those roses. Spirit from Canada after being released from prison. She understands the profiles that women like to overcome. But understand where she came from and go all the way. <br /> <br /> Fassbinder takes this conflict and the moment that Maria seems to oppose the meeting of Melodrama (For example, Hermann, who came into delight and Maria naked and the GI was only a masterpiece of the scene and Maria's reaction was not surprising or guilty. But truly happy to see that he is alone) for his gun as the director of highly thoughtful techniques with predictable stories But it's not really It was one of the great parables for a country after the war that could not go into normal conditions a few times. Fassbinder emits a radio while in the back and we see Maria walking around the home of her family. The hustle and bustle that arose around her and the radio talked about Germany, separated from each other. Perhaps the only way to cope is the excess, or it may be just a strike. <br /> <br /> It's hard to really tell under the face and eyes of Schygulla's eyes. It's a really amazing performance, one of the actors who captures glamor and charm. Of a former Hollywood actress, along with the dirty and dirty ethics of girls on the street The most telling is the antagonistic costume that we saw in one scene, when she was finally with her husband, which she showed in a high-desire black lingerie and high heels. Move to the set without thinking. That is almost the essence of what Maria is, and Schygulla gets it miraculously down the beloved body. But somehow loved and disgusted by the people around you, sometimes in one sentence This is what Fassbinder gathered in his first great part in the "trilogy". While I might like Veronika Voss as a masterpiece, Maria Braun may be as good as studying the characters. Causing the woman to tick and devour almost nothing to lose
