'The Student of Prague' is a horror drama that has long since its beginning or is "autorenfilm" (ie the movie of the author) This film is a member of many movements that try to respect the cinema or make a profit by modifying the literature or theater on the screen. Fortunately, the story of this book has good animation. Using Alfred de Musset's poems and the stories of Edgar Allen Poe, it focuses on the theme of the doppelgänger. Unfortunately, the film is the most double-exposure effect for Paul Wegener to appear twice. In the scene, Guido Seeber helped create special effects for his day. But he is not good at positioning the camera or moving the camera Leon Hunt film scholar (reprinted in "Early Cinema: Space, Frame, Narrative") However, an interesting analysis of the film was made using a frame to expand the dual theme: characters separated by left / right near / Far and forehead / diagonal frame of characters and images Regardless of the movie, most of it consists of a long range shot from a fixed position that is clearly visible. The worse is the lack of correction; There are very few cut scenes and influences. This is not unusual for 1913, but there are advanced movies in this respect at the same time, including the better parts of 'Atlantis' (August Blom, 1913), 'Twilight of a Woman's Soul' (Yevgeni Bauer, 1913) and DW Griffith's short film <br /> <br /> The expanding international film vocabulary in 1926 will bring a tremendous remake. In addition, the rationale is reasonable for the character Lyduschka, in addition to being an occasional cause and audience. Here, the gypsies acted mockingly around the place, seemingly invisible. I know that their world is silent for me. But I think that when their lips are moving and like that, their world will not remain silent with them. So how can Lyduschka look over the shoulders of others? However, this is one of the most interesting early movies that There is a Wegener concept which seems to be the heart of this film, in addition to being a leader, then accepting the screenplay and co-directing 'The Golem' in 1920 - to help launch The supernatural miracle began in silent films of German. <br /> <br /> (Note: The first version I watched a length of about one hour. (Quite incomplete) and in a bad condition with sometimes pale faces and I'm not sure who it is I have seen from Alpha DVD, which in 41 minutes there is a picture that has disappeared from the print and there is also a very different and different title card. But not as bad as the same score, though.)
