One of the most important artistic movements in the history of movies is no doubt that the German expression, which is a form of filmmaking in the atmosphere developed during the 20s in Berlin, classic movies such as "Das Cabinet Des Dr Caligari "(1920) and" Nosferatu, Eine Symphonie Des Grauens "(1922) are the most famous direct effects of this movement and while the movement does not have a long life. General awful film can still be felt today. Horror genre One of the main figures of this style is director Paul Wegener, director of "Der Golem, Wie Er in die Welt Kam" in 1920, as he debuted as a filmmaker seven years ago in Creating that classic Experiments with expressions in movies The origin of German facial expressions is another horror movie: "Der Student Von Prag" <br /> <br /> "Der Student Von Prag" ("Student of Prague") is the story of Balduin (Paul Wegener) A student with the reputation of being the best fencer in Prague. But often found himself having financial problems One day, Balduin rescued the Countess Margit (Grete Berger) from the beautiful drowning of the lake after her horse accidentally fell. Balduin fell in love with her immediately and tried to meet her again. But soon he discovered that he had to compete with her wealthy cousin, Graf Von Schwarzenberg (Lothar Körner), who wanted to marry her. When he realized that he could not offer anything to her, Balduin desires to be rich, and this is where the magician named Scapinelli (John Gottowt) enters the scene. Scapinelli offers Balduin's endless wealth to exchange his things. Found in his room, Balduin accepted the offer only to discover the horror that Scapinelli wanted was his reflection in the mirror. <br /> <br /> Inspired by the short story "William Wil The "son" of Edgar Allan Poe and the classic legend of "Faust". The story of "Der Student Von Prag" was born by German writer Hanns Heinz Ewers, who specializes in horror literature and is one of the writers. The first person who considered writing the right screenplay, as well as other literary forms, wrote at a time when a movie theater in Germany was still being developed as an art form. "The Der Student Von Prag" shows The If the heart is to use theater to tell the story fully developed than the camera trickery or scenes. As with most of his screenwriters, the Ewers screenplay is still heavily influenced by the theater, although "Der Student Von Prag" will start moving away from that style. (Especially with the supporting characters) Ewers can create interesting and complex characters in Balduin's people. <br /> <br /> While "Der Student Von Prag" is Paul Wegener's debut and film The second story of Stellan Rye, as a filmmaker, is very clear that both of these pioneers have a good idea about what movies can do when done correctly. The great use of Guido Seeber, the youngest filmmakers, created a powerful gothic atmosphere that predicts what German filmmakers in the next decade will do. Wegener will learn many techniques that he will use. In his "Golem" series from Seber and Rye Despite having very limited resources, Rye and Weener are able to create amazing and very reliable visual effects for Balduin's reflecting scenes (also played by Wegener). On stage with experience while creating this film, Wegener directed the performance with great talent and also tried to move from the previous filmmaker style. <br /> <br /> As Balduin Paul Wegener has Very powerful And probably the best in movies Of course, it will help that his character is the only one developed by the writer. But can not deny that Wegener was good at his role as a poor student who lost more than the mirror reflection in that contract. John Gottowt plays the scary Scapinelli with a mysterious aura that suits the character like gloves. There are only a handful of people who talk about Scapinelli in this movie, but Gottowt makes sure to tell us that he is a feared force. The remaining main actors are less fortunate, while Grete Berger is quite normal compared to Margit and Lothar Körner, making poor Graf Von Schwarzenberg. However, having to say that Lyda Salmonova is quite good in the characters shown and Fritz Weidemann has created Baron Waldis-Schwarzenberg Excellent showing the dignity that Lörner's character should consider. <br /> <br /> Consider the movie that used to be. Doing in the past year in other countries and the fact that the remake (done 13 years after this film) is excellent in every way, it is difficult to understand why "Der Student Von Prag" didn't stand. The test of time is As with the early movies, the main problem of this movie is that the budget is certainly very low, as it causes the film to be shorter than the story of Ewers that must be fully developed. This makes the plot feel somewhat vague at times, or even incomplete, as if something was missing in the lecture. (Of course, there is a possibility that the existing print is not really complete). However, the "Der Student Von Prag" is the first attempt that is very interesting in the horror and complex suspicion in that film. While being inferior to what other filmmakers did at the time. Br >> As a direct pioneer of the German activist movement, it is difficult to deny the great importance. The "Der Student Von Prag" is available in German film history, which is common in film history. It may look outdated even when it's time. But considering the limited resources of the director, it is better than most movies of that time. When the movie began Paul Paul's career and the German expression "Der Student Von Prag" was something that everyone was interested in this movie history. 7/10
