2470 and Hollywood are on the map as the center of the film world for over a decade. It has now become the location of a multi-million dollar industry and has established some vertical integrated studio systems in the quieter quarters of this film-making factory. It takes a little time to reflect on yourself. The Last Command, while the heart may be a classic story of a famous man who once fell into a difficult time, a frame that tells the story in a bleak view that Roma The film has come true, and the process is devoid of identity brutally. It was written by Lajos Biro, who was at the scene for a long time to know. <br /> <br /> Entering into the middle stage was someone who was at that time among the most famous immigrants of Ho. Emil Jannings, before coming to America, Jannings has worked mostly on comedy as the main theme of the humming performance. But full of fun, hilarious, often a number of powerful people, bad or old, have beens him into the Last Command as the last rank, and at first it looks as if this is another parody of the scenery of Jannings However, as the story continues, the actors will show their range, performing with flimsy turns, subtle dignity, quietness, and ultimately power and presence. At the end He never stopped to be exaggerated. (The German tradition does not know anything) but he is interested in controlling every aspect of his performance. <br /> <br /> The director is another immigrant though Those who are around Hollywood for a long time and have no basis in the European film industry However, Joseph von Sternberg cultivated the image of Teutonic Kino Meister ("von" created by his own style) and used a very different approach. Note in this picture is to deal with his rhythms and tones. An excellent example for the Russian scene. We opened with the chaos created carefully by moving in the convergent direction that we, the audience, became part of while the camera pulled back and jumped across the screen. Then, when Janning arrived, everything would fall. Jannings' performances were calm and incredibly measured, and when the players around him began to reflect on this effect as if his appearance was back. <br /> <br /> Sternberg seems to show dissatisfaction with violence. The moment to turn off the screen and also show that they have come up with the flow of the image that is almost a poem. In fact, he seems to lack interest in action. At the time of the Sternberg prisoners' riots, he stood still and had a purpose. His camera eventually retreated to the flying position. Compare this to the following scene between Jannings and Evelyn Brent, which is the whole point of shooting the complex view and the intense close-ups that allow us to be in the midst of their interactions. <br /> <br /> As The personality in the scene looks like Sternberg is like a cold-hearted director who is shown on screen by William Powell and in fact Powell's image may be Intentionally mocked Unfortunately, this bad attitude did not make him a simple person to work with, and coupled with focusing on his technical resources more than his people, small performances in his pictures. While Jennings performed classic hacks in the Charles Laughton mode, which worked remarkably, it seems that no one told his fellow co-stars that they were not in the Evelyn Brent comedy. Have a good mood But pay more attention to it The only show that came close to Jennings was Powell himself. It is a little strange to see the friendly stars of The Thin Man and The Great Ziegfeld, showing a grim and humorous figure like Ninetega. But he did very well, revealing the emotional violence that the prisoners were under the appearance. <br /> <br /> The last command can easily make the feather in the studio studio goose bumps easily. Insulting the process of making a movie, even the tame example At the very least, I believe that many studio chiefs are not happy with the "behind the scenes" view since it threatens to create a mystery in the production of movies that are still alive at this point. When it appeared, this was the impact of the image that Jannings received for the Best Actor Award, including the nomination for the Lajos Biro Award and (according to some sources, although the problem is quite Ambiguous) Nominated for the Best Picture Award. This is important because the institution is a small institution at this time and the first prize has increased more than it has ever been by the Hollywood elite. the But the elite or not, they remember good content when they see it and are willing to give rewards.
