Zatoichi The Outlaw is the first film created by his own film company (Shintaro Katsu). This may be the reason why this movie is screened less than in the series, even though it's not a weak overview. Whatever It tells our heroes who have arrived in two cities, the Boss, the rival and the mysterious Ronin, helping the poor and from setting up this story, causing a tragedy that covers tragedy, violence and attention. Of the trademark set It is a rather predictable plot and is installed in surprising fashion. But Zippo, along with style and interesting things. An example of a useful ronin is the unreasonable character revolutions that make the sequence established without being drawn into a favorite image or Heroes Zatoichi himself made a mistake one or two times and caused the dangers of his actions. Poor. It is a cruel world with more than one internal organ or The period of time than expected to fight, even if things are not dramatic enough. Shintaro Katsu turned courageous in general as Sato-ichi, which is a blending of wisdom, death and a world that is sadly fragile while the stable work comes from Renta. Romi Mini and Magobei in Hanzo Trilogy) as two main bosses in the movie There is also a good emotional opening from Yuko Hamada as a wrong woman. This film is projected through shaky rhythms and bad chronology, with at least one episode that vibrates quickly and the power of the plot becomes a little lost, which means that when things get hotter Eventual Not as exciting as it should be. The emotional impact also disappeared. Satoichi's actions or scenes that use his clever skills are well taken care of by director Satsuo Yamamoto. Although some gambling is less interesting and the movie is created in a manner that is skillful. Instead of being a really inspiring way, even though I enjoy it, it has flaws and not one of the best series. But it is also full of satisfying entertainment, good stories and good quantity of Sato-ichi's trademarks that are smart and cool. Recommended for fans of the series and the right starting point, pretty good things. But not really wonderful
