Gundam Wing is a great show from beginning to end. Every episode is happy to see. The story is the general cost of Gundam. In the future, the world population will grow to the level that we created the space colony to expand. Although the story takes place in a completely different reality from other Gundam performances, it was the year after the 195 colonies and the corrupt world government known as the Earth Sphere Alliance were taking over the colony for free. To fight the control of the allies and the greater threat that will occur (The evil military organization is hiding within the alliance known as OZ, which later controls the world and the colony.) Choose a member of the colony to send 5 powerful mechs to the world. Try and save the colony from the upcoming threats. Soon these mechs, known as Gundams, fought with the OZ and tried to regain peace in the colony when OZ came in front. Eliminated all the allies and controlled the world. /> <br /> A Gundam settlement of Wing, while <br I mentioned earlier, this could be a series Gundam most fun to watch in my opinion. The majority of this reason is the difference between this series and other previous Gundam series, but there are also deeper and more complex stories than other parts of Gundam Wing Gundam. Deeper and more emotional than any other Gundam I've seen This series seems to focus on the characters and the relationship between those characters rather than fighting in space. Now, don't understand me. This show still has a big fight inside and the show still maintains the epic atmosphere that other Gundam series has, but it succeeds by giving the story according to the character 6. Or 7 characters, as opposed to just 1 track. <br /> <br /> No matter how you look, it is one of the most unique and fun Gundam series, and I highly recommend fans of New But scientists fi or sports in general are amazing animation and action is wonderful. But the depth and complexity of the story is what keeps you coming back. The character is pulled out well at the end of every performance you love. This show is definitely not to be missed. <br /> <br /> Perfect 10/10!
