Matador is better when pondering because while watching, it looks light. Humor is always a medium, never behaving strangely, but not discouraging. The story is very easy. The nature of this plot is often a reusable property, which is unscrupulous bad guys, want friends and good people who wear good mirrors that want safety in teamwork and learn from each other and fill up. Full of each other's way of life I also found that bullfighting is parallel to an unnecessary story because it is cruel and that the symbol is almost powerless to carry. However, it is a good movie because although it looks thin and unaffected at that time, it is not a delicate way to connect with the audience. <br /> <br /> I believe the cause. That happens slowly but surely that will make the audience get what they will do with them because even if it is a formula that is nothing new Humor, both the main character, is the only character in it that will meet and get to know. Forget them. Call it true. That's not what I mean. What I mean is, though, Pierce Brosnan will be a great comedian. But is a comedian But he was firmly understood by the writer and by Brosnan who communicated violently how he enjoyed James Bondless's breath. Greg Kinnear's character seemed to be the same in his single scriptedness, but he received an unexpected footnote. Something for a moment due to the light film passing by us through But then we were only a moment later Then we realized that this film was not just an analysis of this story or a plane, a train and a car. It really says something. <br /> <br /> The focus of this film is the story that wants to be a thriller with a twist. But with its lightness, how can it be the focus of this movie? No, focus is on things that Brosnan and Kinnear have left out of an unlikely relationship with them. Matador is a film about regret and loneliness. Brosnan dealt with loneliness and regret every day, and although we didn't understand why Kinnear was so polite and accepting with Brosnan constantly interrupting his life, it slowly understood that Brosnan helped recover Kinnear from generation to world. Feeling is a redemption method. The last scene of the movie is with me. I think it's the point that the impact of moving forward in the movie eventually begins to absorb.
