Mobile Suit Gundam Wing is the fourth series in the Gundam Chronicles, which differs from the previous program that focuses on the large war. This list is slightly different. Instead of having this army-and-army situation led by five teenage boys (Due to the ability to blend easily over general adults) and their machines are called "Gundam" because of the alloy used in construction which leads to problems because Gundam should be destroyed instead of "Mobile suit", which is a destructive weapon platform that uses a little pilot and "doll" that runs on the AI ​​and is used as a violent infantry. <br /> <br /> The whole point of the series is the metaphysical question that makes each other. Dumbwing has an advantage over most anime that makes it a style here. Especially since most anime was adapted from popular magazines such as Naruto, DragonBall, One Piece, DragonBall Z and InuYasha, all of which came from Shonen Jump, which was released in America. <br /> <br /> Mobile Suit Gundam Wing, in addition to most anime, in the fact that instead of a war between humans that look more like gods, Gundam is a human and seems to be very happy in the fact that it's amazing instead. t In the anime, there are more than a few series that think that the best way to fight "small" is to spend half an hour - something that has never been. Happen in real life Gundam does this by making sure everyone knows that the characters will die, the machines will be destroyed and rebuilt. The battle will disappear and win and never seems to be a sarcastic action. <br /> <br /> But the magic of the Gundam Wing is in the details and what this anime series has more will be thankful for having emotions. Instead of being a prophecy that is legendary, magic or martial arts, that Beyond the Gundam Wing is a new science fiction novel from a country that hates hard science fiction. (Note: The author wants to state that Neon Genesis Evangelion is not a realistic science fiction in real life due to the core religious story of the series). He loves Star Wars but hates AI (movies). From now on, why is the Gundam Wing and Gundam SeeD in production for both Japan and the United States in Vail? Bring the same with the two-team sound team American audiences have to wait two or three weeks after the end of the Japanese season to watch the dubbed version or subtitles, or even the SeeD episode that has been edited on Cartoon Network. <br /> <br /> The feeling is both of these. The parties that are fighting the war are technically lagging behind. Heroes are those who protect the rights of wealthy and elite citizens of the world from terrorist groups that give up at every stellar cost of Mobile Suit Gundam Wing. This is not a war. "All wars" Everyone, every building, every street, is the target of both world and outside attacks. <br /> <br /> My only complaint and the reason it doesn't get ten points is about three-fourths through. It just died a few episodes and there seems to be no one to change. The kind of current time that is good because of what it reveals about the characters. But at the same time, it delves deeper into what should be in the making of beer during Project: Meteor and OZ, but the final episode, both episodes and movies on the network (Back in the year 2001-2003) Gundam Wing Mobile Suit: The endless Waltz movie rather than the slack makeup.
