The team of archaeologists discovered the true treasure? The Crown of the Queen of Sheba From Egypt, the crown will be transferred through trade to San Francisco. But it won't be an easy journey There are many robbers who want to shake hands with precious jewels that are contained in the crown. Good luck for everyone involved. Mr. Moto is on hand to protect the crown on the journey. However, that does not mean that someone will not try to reach the treasure. <br /> <br /> After disappointment with Gamble's Gamble, I go to Mr. Moto for a vacation with hope. But admits to being afraid of the worst things, but within the first 10 seconds of the movie I know that I will enjoy it more I was absorbed by the mysteries of the 1930s, which had everything about archaeological excavations in Egypt and seeing Moto disguised as a German archaeologist. (Imagine that Peter Lorre played as a German?) The beginning scene really drew me in, while this film might turn into a new San Francisco. The dark and scary characters lurking in the rainy night The bullet fired from the open window made the hero's head miss; Alarm systems that are complex and should be wrong, just ask someone to test them. And the main criminals believed to have died These are the elements that can be found in puzzles in the 1930s that I like very much and Mr. Moto brings all the holidays. Other bonuses for me, including Lionel Atwill, always fun in a small, relaxing role. The cartoon from GP Huntley is really funny and in return for Moto. I talked about his disguise in the film's opening scene and the Moto Athlete came close to the final scene of the movie. Moto is like the rotation of Dervish as he follows the victim. All of this, and I haven't mentioned the great performances that Lorre has turned on, no matter how you look. Mr. Moto Takes a Vacation is the winner. <br /> <br /> As much as I hate that dress. Mr. Moto must end after this installment. World War II is approaching. And after the Pearl Harbor movie with Japanese heroes would not pass well, at least the Mr. Moto series ended with a very good record
