Julian Noble (Pierce Brosnan) is a killer or "facilitator of death" as he likes to be called He is a flirtatious drunk and in the middle of a life crisis. Jobs in Mexico City. He hit Danny White. (Greg Kinney), an unsure businesswoman who thought he had just been arrested recently but was unsure. They met at the hotel bar one night after they had several margaritas. Too much <br /> <br /> Looks like the setting for a thriller, a joke by numbers? But it's not, but Matador is a funny and impressive character study. Avoid twisting every time the above summary is suggested, sometimes setting them to tear down with pleasure. It's a movie that respects the character enough to let them come in without feeling the need to push them into unnecessary inventions. <br /> <br /> Brosnan's killer Compared to his bond inevitably But this is not fair to both couples. Bond was a half-concept that was a product of what had been done before. While Julian is a character full of motivation and flaws He lived in a shady and seedy world until he forgot how to talk to another human. <br /> <br /> When he found Danny in the hotel bar, he saw the opposite: normal people with normal work and normal problems. Danny jealous; Hit-man became disgusted with his life, seeing himself as an edge ever close to him, inevitably "burning" as he put it. But when Danny reveals about the death of his only son, Julian tries to change the story with dirty jokes. He has his own words that "Run away from any emotions" Kinnir has a performance that is opposite to Brosnan and injects Danny White with everyone's charm easily. He is the perfect foil for Julian. While the latter is bravado, drunkenness and boredom. Danny descends to the ground with a hint of anomaly. But he is deeper than his famous person, showing us how far everyone can go when faced with financial and family catastrophes. <br /> <br /> There is real chemistry between Brosnan and Kinnear, it can be seen in the three most important scenes of the movie: the hotel bar; Bison, while Julian told Danny what he had done to earn a living and brought him through the assassination practice set; And the scene where Julian appeared in Danny's house six months later This scene introduces us correctly to Danny's wife (yes, nuts). In another example, how Matador respects the bean character (Hope Davis) instead of panic in front of the killer that has been Hired in her house, just ask by force to calm The script is not as good as it should be after writing again. One or two lines seem to be slightly forced and two jokes require a little more work. But in the scene where Julian and Danny (and later Bean) just talked, the writing was excellent. This film does not need to put characters in foreign situations. (In addition to meeting the killer and saying that the killer is near you) It helps them to talk lightly, provoke them to the necessary planning point. <br /> <br /> There is action when It reflects only the characters. One notable thing is when Julian worked in Budapest because he saw himself through his rifle scope. The rest of this movie is about how characters interact with each other, how they affect each other. And finally it is about friendship, even in the most unlikely places At one point, Julian told Danny that he was his only friend. And he really means it
