Matador is a strange movie The main character of Julian, which is played by the combination of charm and imbalance of Brosnan, is not your typical hero. Julian is a killer who is experiencing a crisis at the end of his life. After spending 22 years in a cold-blooded career, he now finds himself stressed and lonely. And after having the opportunity to meet at the bar with Danny (Greg Kinnear), he fellowship and began a friendship that was still and uncertain Danny is a very good person who is facing various things in his life and the fact that he can use friends as well. Both created an unexpected connection and Danny clung to listen to the story of Julian even after learning the truth. "Disgusting" about Julian's work. <br /> <br /> Matador approached an unheard of story in the heroic movie theater (movies like 'Assassins' and 'Grosse Pointe Blank'. Come into mind) but Matador is different in many ways First of all, killing and blood is implied. But has never been shown in any detail, which means that if you are an action movie looking for adrenaline, this movie may disappoint you And secondly, unlike most anti-hero films, Matador does not try to show remorse and redemption from the main characters. Julian's work was presented as "It's what it is." This is unusual because 99.99% of us consider killing for scary money. And this unorthodox method may be something that makes movies feel real Even if we don't like to accept it, almost everything becomes common after we do it long enough or maybe murder. Victims of Julian deserve to die? Who pays for killing people? Who knows. Movies never involve these questions. The focus on Julian and his alternation of true friendship If you read about people like Julian in the article, you will have the idea that people like him should be cut off from society like cancer. But forced to watch his life, you were attracted by his intense humanity I said with the devil's sympathy. <br /> <br /> Brosnan's acceptance of Julian was good and not very stable. He is not divorced from the good looks of James Bond and the glamorous charm. But just add a quirk that distracts the mixture Strange or rude words in moderately polite conversations and sudden shifts from gentle charms to the wrath of children and the tragic desperate supplications for acceptance. It makes you guess about his understanding of his consciousness and how it will affect people around him. It's like listening to a piano player that is sometimes and unexpectedly wrong when playing. But can use This film has only one important role in Danny's story, unlike the movie. Kinear turns into a solid, if an extraordinary performance like normal Joe, life and problems Joe <br /> <br /> This film has no impact or twisting of M. Night Shyamalan. But I can't do it To guess the ending and feel satisfied It doesn't have any philosophical or spiritual insights, but it feels very human. And it doesn't have a heart-pounding chase or gun fight, and even then I think that pacing is very good and I never get bored. Perhaps the only true message here about human needs in reaching and connecting with each other and those needs is not a moral prerequisite. Even the murderer wants friends and even good people can be friends with the bad guys. It is a comment about a strange and random world where we live a good movie; Nice to see
