Sherman set the way back for ... 1986. The United States just climbed out of the worst post-war recession while Japan was enjoying an industry that had never happened before. The manufacturing industry remains an important part of the US economy and factory workers are a good example of "The average American" The term "downsizing" has not entered general terms. But everyone knows that the phenomenon Bruce heard on the radio, singing "The foreman said that this event is about to happen. The boys and they will not come back to your hometown." Chrysler has just been bailed by Uncle Sam. Bumper stickers can be seen that "Buy American - the job that you save may be your own." <br /> <br /> "Gung Ho" works better to capture the emotions of the American industrial workers. Other popular movies made during that time Of course, this movie has flaws - some loose posts and mediocre performances by everyone except Michael Keaton and Gedde Watanabe. But the story about the East and West meetings really is: Hunt Stevenson's Keaton embodied America as a person Pale and confident in the outside But not safe under Watanabe's Kazuhiro. Acting as a Japanese to stand out with a successful system But wondering if they will learn from their western competitors again? The plot of the movie is flawed, just to frame the conflict and synthesize it in their two personalities. <br /> <br /> Keaton's performance allows everyone to see and make movies with themselves. I always admired Keaton for his ability to deliver a chapter that felt unresponsive, whether he followed any script. His character, Hunt Stevenson, is a cute and intelligent leader. But he has a serious flaw that is similar to many of us: He doesn't want to disappoint anyone. He will distract the crowd with inspiring anecdotes and even lie instead of pointing out the ugly truth. <br /> <br /> Kazuhiro is Stevenson's reflection: shy and contemplative. But because of raising his Japanese people Hesitate to be the bearer of bad news The scene in which Stevenson first came to Kasihiro, with the grievances of the staff, compiled the way in which Japan conflicts with the workplace. Kazuhiro answered Stevenson's complaints as well. "I understand what you are saying" but will not reject his request aloud. Stevenson misinterpreted this as an agreement and went out saying that "Okay, we've been judged." (This is still a problem in business relations between Japan and America in the 21st century!) <br /> <br /> Finally, Kazuhiro and Stevenson have the same problem: give the factory Work smoothly, achieve production goals and follow their responsibilities. For workers under them In order to achieve this goal, each of them must lead from the books of others. Kazuhiro's family became more "American" as a clear example. Please also note that Stevenson thought it was strange when Kazuhiro explained that he had to apologize to the workers for his workers - and later in the movie, Stevenson did that by himself. <br /> < br /> Its story and resolution is a little cornice. But hey, this is a funny movie If you can overlook the shortcomings of the movie, there are wonderful stories about self-awareness and openness here.
