Many people say that this is not just a classic game because it is the first 3D game or even the first shooting game. It is also one of the first hidden games, one of the only truly scary games. (And is the first game) truly and is only a fairly well-rounded gaming experience With very outdated graphics today, the game pushes you into the role of B.J. (Don't think that * I'll try to spell his last name!) The American P.O.W is stuck in an underground bunker. You fight and find your way through the tunnels to achieve various objectives for the six episodes (but come here, most are just an excuse to send weapons for you to surround you with the Nazis and send you out to one of the Nazi leaders). The graphics are, as I said before, quite easy and very The smallest detail of the three-dimensional game released by the professional creator team. If you can overcome it (And some people suggest that this simplicity adds to the game effect only for you). You will then have one good shooting / sniper game. The game consists of finding keys, health and bullets exploding enemies. (Such Nazi and "The chief enemy" per chapter) of different difficulties (Which definitely grows when you move on in the game) unlock the door and Looking for a secret room There is a bonus count after each level defeat ... It follows the speed you are. (In general, if you beat 'Par Time', which is the time that the tester must pass the same level that may be It's quite fun to try and overcome, and with the difficulty of finding their way, they are still challenged after playing many times.) Nazi gold (treasures) that you collect and the number of criminals you kill. In general, if you receive 100% from the foregoing, you will receive a bonus which will help you achieve the highest score that you need for the game (mostly, but not always), allowing two different ways of playing. ... stealth or down, anything and everything you see You can run or walk and among your weapons is a knife too ... hear the rushing sound as soon as you enter the same room that is protected, like a gun. Many guards find that standing, turning their backs on you, which means you can walk behind them and stab them ... almost quietly in your treasury, you will get at least four weapons and two buttons ... More about weapons later Key to unlock some doors Most gates in the game are not locked ... There are only two types that require keys and these buttons will be used at the next level only. (You start a new level, resetting weapons, health, points and lives in each chapter) Most subsequent games take time to find them. Now, when I just mentioned the game, like many periods (the late 80s to the early 90s), it depends on the accumulation of extra lives ... Personally, I think it's completely useless and useless. ... I think (?) From the next 3D gun and the next) because you can save it anytime you want and 'use life', reset health weapons and ammunition, such as starting a new chapter. (Which is real The pain at the next level you want * The heavier cannon) Now I can't beat around the bushes ... Go to find a gun! You start with such knives (which are quiet but only effective at close range) and pistols ... nothing special. But good for conserving ammunition, unlike the two bad boys Your third weapon is the German SMG ... Sub-machine gun, it's faster and automatic and some enemies later use it. And the last one ... nothing lacking a Gatling gun! Yes! Thinking that T2 thinks the hunter thinks about carrying a large amount of lead into the Nazi demon with a gun. It is every bit of entertainment. However, most Boss enemies use this, even if so prepared. I will not reveal the identity of the enemy. These bosses, however ... For each player who will find himself (or her) own, sounds great ... sharp and very realistic. As you hear the machine gun, the tearing metal sound of the door closed behind you or the shouting of Nazi, stunned or surprised in the German language, you feel like being in a bunker system. Design ... When you run through the countless hallways to the next elevator that take you, you will be caught in an awkward mood. I almost had a car sickness more than once. (Although there may be something about sleeping less, humidity and unusual warmth ...) from playing, even though the details are not very high. But the great thing is The remains of victims, prisoners and countless Nazi symbols ... The list continues. The game has a lot of tricks ... because it has a limited graphics engine. John Romero and the team put on blood and courage that they can do for the game. There is nothing left to say ... the first type and not surprising that there are countless other 3D shooters going on. Of course, weapons are bouncing and different heights. (Ladders and others) didn't come until entering the next category ... Doom ... and it's Duke Nukem 3D that introduces features to change your perspective. In addition to the left and right, just add the vertical dimension) and the jump doesn't occur until one of the three names later (the first Quake may be or not, the fellow gamer helps me out here) .. . But all those games Just like the rest of the debt category owes their existence to this person. Open the door to enter the bunker and step into the shoes of B.J. ... He deserves even recognition. (Or maybe even special?) Nearly fifteen years after his first appearance I recommend this to all fans of 3D games 8/10.
