From the first overview, this movie looks like Keifer Sutherland series 24 for a large screen. With a focus on the plot to assassinate the President of the United States, race against time and many Secret Service agents. Agencies that are interested in The Sentinel <br /> <br /> But wait, the protagonist turns. Came out as the character of Michael Douglas Pete, a soldier acting as a veteran intelligence agent, famous for shooting ammunition for Reagan in 1981. SS agents are specially trained to Will the mind put himself in the line of ammunition and goals? But the troops were involved in the assassination plan and had to run away for his life while at the same time conducting a little investigation into the plot. All of this was due to his failure to test a lie detector due to his adultery from the First Lady. (Kim Bazinger) Tsk. <br /> <br /> There are shades of In the Line of Fire of Clint Eastwood. Both outstanding old actors and older veterans were heroes, along with historical references that used bullets to perform their respective functions. While Eastwood's movie has a more mysterious villain than John Malkovich, The Sentinel suffers from the lack of a strong central villain, choosing to share responsibility for the assassination of a memorable KGB villain and Mo. Within the details of the president With Douglas, who had fled from the law, he was similar to Dr. Richard Kimble of refugees hunted only one armed man, while at the same time relying on his smart to beat the fellow agents, which became quite interesting to watch. - Despite the smooth process But still increasing the efficiency and attractiveness of each agent. <br /> <br /> Keifer Sutherland and Eva Longoria, the leading TV star of today from 24 and Desperate Housewives, take on the support role. As an intelligence inspector looking for participation that seems to be the defenders of the assassination plan, and sometimes seems to have fallen out of the CSI webpage with forensic skills A beautiful couple has a chemistry that can be similar to Fox Mulder's X-Files' and Dana Scully, but these two have very little to do here. We know the reason why they are in the movie and that is for the fans to enter the cinema. In addition, the role of Longoria was unable to shake off Gabriel Sexy Mama and here she had a relatively low blouse (Sutherland told her to cover up) and tight pants (ogle-fest for friends). /> <br /> However, it looks quite interesting in the life of the most expensive and stressful protection details in the world and the general threats they face every day, including tracking all threats. Y Of nutcase about your life. The strongest man in the world It is a fairly good thriller and investigation, along with sub-plans that will keep you entertained. But one thing like the end of the action scene, this thing has a big enough vulnerability for you to fly a jumbo jet through.
