Author "Nekromantik", the second feature film of Jörg Buttgereit "Der Todesking", is a powerful masterpiece. Centered on a chain letter originating from a group called "Brotherhood of the 7th" This film shows 7 episodes, each episode consisting of one day in a week, where suicide is approaching by using different characters and situations. It's a round. Don't touch this thing. If you like Hollywood movies or musicals, enjoy happiness or even "normal" movies from a distance or expect this movie to be good only in <br /> <br /> The destroyer of the modern method of Der Todesking explains why Buttgereit's films are generally banned in Germany, their home country during the 80s and most. Of the 90 Der Todesking does not focus on the characters that appear on the screen only But indifference or meaningless depression, the lives of most people, in general, Buttgereit does not find a reason to live But there is only one reason to stop and when to choose when you die, you can become the King of Death. Der Todesking, the movie of Buttgereit, is generally difficult to The classification and Der Todesking are no exception. The story of the same team and almost the same as his other movies "Art movies" may be the closest explanation every time. Der Todesking has a traditional way to shoot, create emotions, and manage objects in almost every scene. In one scene, the camera will gradually rotate in a 360-degree circle while people are in a small apartment. One day between that, another one, Buttgereit, uses sound and movie to demonstrate the dilapidated mental state of a man in As he lived in despair In the third stage, the title of the satisfying scene, age and true occupation of the suicide person will appear on the screen that is guaranteed to be banned in Germany for this movie. <br /> <br /> Movie Episode (And especially this The first time when the scene is not clearly connected to each other), in general, they experience discontinuity and Der Todesking is no exception. While all episodes have the same focus of death and consequences or sequentially in all forms But there are many powerful episodes But one or two episodes may appear to be a part of the film to fill the overall power of the movie. The jaws are very strong and powerful, showing the rotting body, manipulating the film together and cleaning from a more vague period, returning to a state of greatness. The general atmosphere is baffling, frightening, depressing, and sometimes very disgusting, causing many people left in the movie while the theater is performing in the film festival that I attend. <br /> <br /> Here Is a film that creates an unforgettable impression and I highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for a special experience and what they will remember in a few years The Page Not recommended for impatient people or fans when performing. This is a small movie that is different that makes the audience truly feel. Whether it is confusion, surprise, or even hate, you shouldn't feel cold. In my opinion, the best is the success of a small indie team. <br /> <br /> The main theme of the movie. "Die Fahrt ins Reich der Menschentrümmer Part I-III" was released in a limited number of 666 pieces 8 "vinyl version, which is now very much requested. You can also get classic masterpieces by receiving" The Nekromantik "soundtrack. CD tracks which I Highly recommended. The Lo-Fi Synocoser music in the movie is dark and strange, almost impossible to make a significant part of the film's atmosphere and is something you will not hear otherwise. Very recommended!
