"I like the first touch of happiness and guilt like a young woman that arises from the passion and fear like the ultimate emotion of the opposite," said one of the favorite movies after watching the translated version of LOVE AT THE TOP. Wrong of a stylish director of Michel Deville MOUTON ENRAGE. <br /> <br /> Vincent Canby in the New York Times, but after the 1974 premiere of the movie stated: "LOVE AT THE TOP, which opened yesterday on the 68th Street Playhouse is funny 19 73 France, a little remembered The number of nineteen-year-old British comedian is about the rise of a cynical young man and being overwhelmed by ambition. "But the main difference he said is the fact that LOVE AT THE TOP is irrelevant. With the English learning system ... (27 January 1975) <br /> <br /> must leave each person's assessment Of course, the time-tested test is successful. What can be said for sure, after more than 30 years, we are hardly able to find movies like LE MOUTON ENRAGE, where the decadence appears innocent that the energetic coordinators of young people <br /> <br /> for Romy Schneider's fans seem to be useless to point out that this movie is a must-see, not only because she gives a unique performance. (As she did in all of her roles) during her prosperous career (9 years before her sudden death) but because she had a special charm here It is not a TRIO INFERNAL, so can say that The 'forced escape' from and the mockery of Romy's sweet image that has been haunted for many years by Saccharine Sissi. She plays Robert, a young woman who became an object of sexual desire in the story starring Playboy Nicolas Mallet (Jean Louis Trintignant). He is a person who receives financial benefits from a desire coordinator. This film can show off Romy's unique and memorable image and she receives her best scene. Romy's sex appeal cannot be forgotten here. <br /> <br /> Another highlight of this film is the creation of content by developing personal understanding. Immoral like seeing the director take advantage of the perfect difference: meeting with happiness, innocence and decadence. Nicola owns the most qualities that viewers may like or hate, may find it attractive or Disgusting But he is a feature that the audience must treat seriously more than that: they are things that we all have to accept. That is why it was brought to a strange world, a mixed forest and a unique character of the main character. Although he slept with many women But there are two women who represent the opposite world for Nicola: Roberte Groult (Romy Schneider) and Marie-Paul (Jane Birkin). He manages them, making love with them, unable to refrain from the desire for the body of They and need money; But he perceives them differently Although all this 'Mature maturity'. He is emotionally like a small boy playing with a toy car on the table - 'A thorough understanding of the male mind ...' in a manner that is similar to the joke of course. <br /> <br / > Finally, there is a very good performance which makes LE MOUTON ENRAGE slightly underrated. Not only Romy Schneider, who has a great performance for the audience with a deep understanding of her role, but Jane Birkin still seems to believe in the role. Of a little boy There is no Marie Paul Jean Louis Trintignant experience, making it possible to see Nicola the right way. This art merit is in the show, along with great music by Camille Saint-Saëns. For a long time Therefore, in addition to some shortcomings of the film, such as color, date, action, slow (sometimes) possible ancient ideas (Noticed by some viewers) You should find advantages. <br /> <br /> An overview of LE MOUTON ENRAGE is a clear pattern of tools that distort life. It is worth seeing at a certain time in Romy's career. The intense sexual prelude to the chain of opposing emotions, love and hatred, admiration and disgust when compared to orgasm The first and the first pain. 'Audience' likes a movie made with this contrast?
