I can't say too much about Kalifornia. Sadly, I haven't seen everything. (I just saw it in Fuse) but what I saw was really great! I'm a big fan of Pitt. But I admit that his previous movie was not good. But in this role, I am just performing his best. His character at the beginning seems normal. Okay, creepy, strange, dark. But you know that it's normal for a countryman that I guess And the performance of Juliette Lewis. Although I can see that some people may be annoyed with it, I think it's amazing. Sadly, I haven't seen the end. But from reading other reviews here, it sounds good. But disappointing I have to admit that I want David Duchovany (sorry if incorrect spelling) is quite flat. But for him it is ok The character of his wife has improved and I think her performance, while not the best in this film, is quite good. Images of the avant-garde / sisters, especially the scenes from Early and Brian, play pool and Adele and Carrie have one of them at once together. I watched that scene at least twice now and I still think that acting in it is great. One because of the emotion that Adel photographed after talking about being raped by three men and the way she felt about Carry's reaction at first and toward it. Everything about that I think is perfect. I mean, it might be because I can tell the relationship. I'm not sure. <br /> <br /> For Brad Pitt, a serial killer who we saw once, I think he's great. Some movies that have Pitt that I have seen are normal or not worth watching. I don't think I've ever watched Pitt's bad movie or if I wasn't it because of his performance. It was another factor. This movie is not one of them. He opened a great performance in Kalifornia. I swear I'm not just random. I like him for his performance, not only because he looks good. I mean, his character in this movie isn't handsome or cute. In any way! Pitt is too dark and scary. Even so, he was cheerful, funny, and still loved Adel. Received. There are some points that make me want to access the TV and strangle him. But that may be just me (And the characters that Pitt plays in the movie) but it shows how well Pitt's acting in this movie is He plays as a character, that's what good performances should be doing. <br /> <br /> I hope I can say more. But that's all I can say without seeing the ending. I have seen most movies through what I have seen in Fuse and while I 'I wrote it on the DVR so hopefully I can write a review at More complete later I just want to share my thoughts on movies that I think are really cool and there are some things that seem to be overlooked (shouldn't be!)
