I have watched this movie for many years and it impressed me. Alas, I have been strong in many movies over the years and did not expect to be impressed by 'Kalifornia'. When I watched again recently, I am happy to say that it is shocking. And can look like ten years ago. <br /> <br /> There are two things that make this movie really powerful. The first one is handsome. We turned into a problem with the young Pitt as Early Grace when we knew Pitt as one of the most shaky Hollywood ever had. It was refreshing to see. He plays a character that is unattractive and unattractive. Pitt drew the expression without turning to monotonous or mocking words and still maintaining true horrors in this film. Juliette Lewis was impressive as Grace's sad girlfriend. An old woman with a life experience of forty years Lewis tries to cause pity. (For the character of her life) as well as insult (because of her innocence), but she supports her performance with tenderness that is rarely seen by young actors Personally, I think it was a tragedy that both Pitt and Lewis were not nominated for their acting awards here. <br /> <br /> David Duchovony and Michelle Forbes are the perfect partners. The United States with Pitt and Lewis Duchovony aptly and na But both actors tried to show the changes of their characters because they were equally interested. The selection of excellent performers and consistently excellent performances, this film grabbed us by a proverbial ball through flawless pacing. During the time that 'Kalifornia' was released, Hollywood released a good movie with characters that turned into psychosis ('Single White Female', 'Pacific Heights',' The Hand That Rocks The Cradle. ',' Deceived ',' sleeping with the enemy ', etc.) These movies are mostly based on the same formula, the only difference is the nature of the relationship between good people and bad people.' Kalifornia 'is not far from this land. more But his first two actions were the perfect example of a slow thriller and we were kept at the edge of our seats waiting for the tide. Turn>> <br /> When the money fell and Pitt let it play. Being a bad man like crazy, this movie completely changed gears and the last twenty minutes was rarely life to stop. That said that the action is thick and fast and that the resolution is suitable for the cold The battle is over. But the scars will always be there. <br /> <br /> Most storytelling. (Prepared by X-Duchovony before X-files) is a joke Of course, it should come from the book that the Duchovony journalist's character wrote, so we can argue that the self-conscious storytelling should be a nod to the exciting style that most journalists write. br /> <br> This film has been very successful, and of course, is more than 90% exciting in the last twenty years. Highly recommended But not for the weakness of the stomach or the mind This movie interferes with more than one level. But then it means being
