I've seen 'Kalifornia' before (must be around 10 years ago) and I still remember how impressive it was. That is the reason I want to see it again and all I can say is that it still doesn't lose its power even though I'm used to watching movies more than I did ten years ago. <br /> <br / > 'Kalifornia' tells the story of writer Brian Kessler and his girlfriend Carrie Laughlin, a photographer who wants to move to California. But instead of stepping on the plains and flying straight to the state in which they say that rain does not fall, they choose to travel by car He wants to write a book about America's most famous serial killer and she will create a matching image. But since their cars use a lot of oil, they decided to take them with them so they could distribute travel expenses. There is only one pair that answers the increase, so they will automatically be lucky. But they have not met, and when seeing another couple for the first time when their journey has begun, Carrie is shocked, without prejudice. She can conclude that Early Grayce and Adele Corners are a trailer parking lot. Poor white bowlers She doesn't want them in the car. But Brian wasn't interested in taking them with them and decided to stop and pick them up. At first, the pair seemed to be not bad, but Gray Gray initially changed from a worthless hill to a ruthless killer ... <br /> <br /> Not only is it very impressive. Performances from our four leaderboards Brad Pitt is great, like Early Grayce. His performance in this film may be the best for him. Like Juliette Lewis, she plays the innocent and innocent boyfriend who doesn't want to hear bad words about her tree and is doing very well. But David looks at Chefi and Michel Forbes as well. They both worked very well and I wondered why we never heard anything from Forbes again since this story because she proved to have a lot of talent. <br /> <br /> By Overall, this is a good and impressive thing. Psychological thriller with a very powerful story But due to graphic violence, I can imagine that it may not be everyone's taste. (Although I do not see other methods of drawing serial killers in a way that I can believe) Personally, I like this movie a lot and the violence never disturbs me. (It is part of a story that is too important to be left). I reward this movie with 8/10.
