In the same vein as Natural Born Killers, another movie that was not popular with critics due to excessive violence But I love California as a film that clearly shows violence. But i like to think Final action The kind of method that basketball, diary, glamor, drugs at first But showing a bad side at the end of the movie, which is worse than the good side is good. David Duchovny plays Brian Kessler, a yuppie artist who has a more artistic yuppie girlfriend. Those who enter the sexy black and white photography that is generally reserved, I don't know where. May be true and I do not understand However, Brian and Cary (Duchovny and Michelle Forbes, who are perfect for roles), make perfect couples to go on a documentary tour of the famous murder place. Brian, the writer, will write Carrie's book to take pictures. <br /> <br /> Brian and Carrie are not financially prepared for this trip, so they put ads for someone. Sharing gas and travel expenses and being contacted by Early Grace and Adele Corners (Brad Pitt and Juliette Lewis) early in the morning and being assigned to work on cleaning local parole by parole officers seeing advertisements on the bulletin board and deciding to Leaving the state for a moment, violating parole But still leaving the scene of the murder of his landlord, so he Will not have to deal with the annoying murder investigation Two birds with one stone, you know? <br /> <br /> This film has the ability to convey two images: art-themed yuppies and trash trailers without turning. Go to find clichés or end up with a cartoon image. Brian and Cary are art liberals. But while Cary caught early and Adele Bryan was intrigued by the early status as a criminal when seen in the scene where Bryan fired his gun early. Never had a gun shot before, he struck like a small child, while Adele and Cary returned to the hotel. Adele revealed things like a child due to the fact that "she had broken" Before smoking and she is not allowed to drink (Morning, don't think women should) Early and Brian go out to the local bar. Brian responds frustratingly to a drunken man who tries to start fighting with him, and first gives Brian advice about what to do and then stepped in and learned a short lesson for men. comin '"This is one of my favorite scenes in the movie, partly because it's very funny. Things that previously spoke joyfully while the guy's friends dragged him away, blood and brutality. But because because it was intercut with the girls back to the hotel, we learned At one time, about two lovers, differences and conflicts that might have happened because of them. And in addition, because Bryan has benefited from Early's actions and Carrie was shocked by what she heard from Adele, it shows different ways Carrie and Brian respond to Early and Adele. <br /> <br /> Clearly now You can tell that this is not your typical thrill type, where the townspeople run into the indigenous peoples of the country and the stereotypical physical assault. In one way, it seems too convenient that Brian and Carrie go on a tour of the killing place and just happen with a real life killer. But on the other hand, it is a good way to fight natural carnage. Within a cross-country journey designed to build a reputation for their murderers and crimes. While studying the actions of past killers, Bryan and Carrie eventually found themselves confronted with the content they were studying and realized that the murder was not interesting or fascinating when in the face. Your past <br /> <br /> I was constantly amazed at Brad Pitt's versatility as an actor. For example, consider his role in movies like Kalifornia 12 Monkeys Fight Club and Ocean's 11 and 12. Pitt is like Tom Hanks, where he can change his appearance severely or enough to fit the character that is determined and completely convinced. Coincidentally, I tried to be useless to be an Early Grace for Halloween this year, but I couldn't do hair and beard. I have the correct hat, which at first I thought would be the hardest part. <br /> <br /> It's easy to understand why so many people don't like Kalifornia or why they think it is a praise. Violent and murder, but I think that regardless of doing anything that makes me happy with the intention to make the audience understand the issue clearly At least at first, the movie isn't as powerful as Kalifornia, but the movie creates it perfectly. The glorification was caused by the passion of Brian and Cary, with the idea of ​​murder and the radius of the place. But their perception and ours are embodied in real things. The purpose of this film is to explain the difference between ideal violence and the realization of its horror closely.
