I have never heard about Leos Carax before until his Merde part of the past years in Tokyo, and he is easily distinguished by the three stories of this film. It's not a favorite of shorts. But it is the most unique and the most iconic "The Lovers on the Bridge" is his first film that I have seen in a romantic romantic movie that uses images and music to convey the love of a young man full of poem Although he is a neo-nue movie But his movie was stuck in a movie theater as quiet as the 60s story. His films were closer to Jean Vigo in "L'atlante", Jean Cocteau and Guy Maddin than Godard and Truffaut. <br /> <br /> The debut of Boy Meets Girl Carax in 1984, he used black and white and heavy confidence. To represent the image to show the emotional status He combines Maddin's exaggerated world, but according to the reality that appears to be unstable like Cocteau, but with its expression makes it more accessible, emotional and engaging like the movie of Vigo. <br /> <br /> The story of Boy Meets Girl is simple and is similar to the following two films of Carax, which consists of the "Young lovers" trilogy. This boy, named Alex, played by Denis Waawan (The actor is a character named Alex in the next two films of Carax). Recently, his girlfriend left to fall in love with his best friend. In the first scene, he almost killed his friend on the boardwalk, but stopped short of the murder. He walked around, thinking of her with a neighbor who had sex and daydreaming of his girlfriend and close friend. He stole the record for her and left at the friend's apartment. But avoiding direct contact with them, he walked around and found a way to a party where he met a suicidal girl and the film became part of "breathless" and part of "Limelight" <br /> <br /> Later, he received advice from an old man, a sign language to "speak for himself ... young people today. It's like they forget how to say" old men give Anecdote about working in the offseason C of silent movies and how shy actors from the stage become "lions" confident when in front of the camera This is where movies are pointing at their hands. But the open reference to the silent movie is an important scene because it overlaps the style of the movie (Silence and expression) with content (a young man who falls in love with trying to think and speak Although Alex lamented at first and the romantic words flowing down from him at the end, he was a shy actor who became a lion. Thanks to the movie that extended his inner feelings which Not easy to nail down. In addition to the desire to fall in love, <br /> <br /> There is a scene in the movie that Alex retreated from the party into the room where the guest was being chanted by children and babies. Fill that room until he opens the tape. The child's performance makes them quiet. Unexpectedly due to a mistake, the TV ended up playing the camera in the secret bathroom, revealing that the female staff cried to herself in her wig about the person she missed even when Carax was able to respond to herself and There is a bad feeling about riding the horse he is trying to tell. (The room that is full of baby sounds) He is old enough to look at and fight with people who love everything. Film across. Even the old man, the bell of the ball, has an older brother that she misses. In another scene, the former astronaut stared at the moon. He had walked into his childhood while sipping cocktails in silence. <br /> <br /> Even if it was indebted to the movie before Talk to each other. Carax is a music expert in Dead Kennedy's "Holiday in Cambodia" or early David Bowie songs. The voice of a man playing the piano or a woman is humming. <br /> <br /> Boy Meets Girl When someone gets the heart of he We saw the blood flowing out of their shirts when a couple kissed on the sidewalk. They rotated 360 degrees as if stuck with a carousel when Alex came to the party that felt guilty because the most interesting person in the world. Meeting attendance; Like a famous novelist who cannot speak because of a bullet in his brain or Miss Universe in 1950, standing opposite the astronaut This film is the missing link between Jean Piere Jenuet, Michel Gondry and Wes Anderson, which has a style and quirky stylistic style, all of which have different musical images and feelings in these Carax movies. <Br /> Every musical conversation, every song, every effect and editing in this movie resonates with me at some emotional level. I have no clear words. There are many stories of boys who meet women. But instead of exploring the recurring details of any specific event, this film captures the truth with the joy of teenage passion and disappointment. Other movies that you want to watch can wait. See this first If I were to make a movie, I wanted them to be like this. In fact, I hope that every movie will be like this. The ephemeral is larger than life and life becomes a dream.
