WWE has produced the worst pay-per-view in history in the past few months. Cyber ​​Sunday, Survivor Series and December to Dismember are scary to say the least, and therefore it is up to the B brand presentation. Smackdown! To try to finish the year with a high note Armageddon has two major competitions in the final and three matches in the line and the main event of interest in the form of war. Tag team with Batista and John Cena and King Booker. And Finlay. However, it is a fix for one of the championships that makes us not only But the competition at night But this is also the year of the candidate competition when Teddy gives Christmas gifts to fans. T-Lo changed the WWE Tag Team Championship from Champions, London and Kendrick against Regal and Taylor as a four-team Ladder match, including MNM and The Hardy Boyz <br /> <br /> I'm not here. Too much match, nothing I can say that it will be fair. This must have faith. There are many high points and cruel bumps and awkward landing. What I have to say is what led Joey Mercury to the emergency room in the middle through the competition. Jeff Hardy jumped on the ladder in the position seen by Matt Hardy holding both MNM members on the opposite side to gain full power. Unfortunately for Mercury, he did not raise his hand to protect his face and use the ladder full force in the nose and left eye. This is vile His face was messy for everyone to see, and it's not surprising that this night ended on the first night of Mercury. We later found out that he had a nasal septum and was cut under his left eye, being warned. The ending of this roller coaster race occurred after Paul London managed to grab both championship belts for victory. I've watched wrestling for almost 15 years and it's not going to be better than this unbelievable game. <br /> <br /> The opening night with Inferno 4 times only. Kane plays MVP well, but it's about the picture. And not about actions There is a call close to the flame for both competitors. But in the end, it was Kane who forced the MVP to go on the flames after they both ended up outside the MVP ring running around the ring while his butt was on fire and got my sick part at Laugh at this. I recommend Michael Hayes to hear that the MVP came out next week in Smackdown! To the Ring of Fire of Johnny Cash <br /> <br /> Matching other mechanisms of the night and the second match of the three main events is the entire Last Ride competition between Mr Kennedy and The Undertaker. This is a competition. Hard from the beginning to the end and is the best of the Undertaker and Kennedy series that used to be. Used poles, chairs and one scene. The Undertaker threw 15 feet from Armageddon, which is located on a concrete floor. Unfortunately, seeing that there was nothing but a cushion and the crowd didn't appear in this story. The ending happened after the chokeslam by the Dead Man to Kennedy at the top of the truck, followed by the fast-winning grave. <br /> <br /> In another impressive event from card, Chris Benoit lost to Chavo Guerrero. By giving up in a stiff competition again This was a great match with Benoit, hitting 8 German suplexs on Chavo at one time. Benoit is considering whether or not Vikki Guerrero will be a sharpshooter. Fortunately, he came to his feelings and let her go. This led to Chavo's efforts to pass on to the marksmanship in the delivery. <br /> <br /> Another contested race on the card is a match. Cruiserweight Championship during WWE's longest reign, Gregory Helms and Jimmy Wangyang There are many high flying points and dangerous spots, some occurring outside the ring. This is a race that deserves a response from the crowd rather than what has been given. JBL placed best when he scolded fans in Richmond, Virginia for a ride. In their hands during this time and at one point began to chant boring The hat picks up the duke after a round-shaped maneuver with knees to the smackdowns! <br /> <br /> Boogeyman pinned The Miz in a worthless race. I hate Boogeyman with passion. It's worth listening to as well. For JBL, who talked about Miz JBL, is a gold comedian. <br /> <br /> The last match of the night is the main event, number 3 Heavyweight Champion Bati. Star and WWE champion John Cena has worked with Finlay and the Champions of King Booker. There is no way that the competition will be the best in the Tag Team Championship competition from earlier. The competition will be more memorable if receiving an extra five to ten minutes. But how many times have I talked about WWE this year and it's the King Booker that was pinned at the end of the competition after a large Batistabomb? <br /> <br /> So the year 2006 ended for WWE about Pay-per-view schedule It started the year with a horrible revolution. But ending with Armageddon being the first place, this ladder competition will be remembered as one of the greatest competitions of all time. My hat goes out to all eight competitors. But their body is in line to allow one fan to compete
