Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer is a very lost player in the short comic market. This market is dominated by Looney Tunes shorts and Merry Melodies from Warner Bros., but MGM is able to release hidden gems like "To Spring", which is an amazing story about the most beautiful season of the year. br /> In the environment that appears here, springs are not caused by natural cycles. But was invented, who by the little elf lived under the ground Each spring, when the snow begins to melt, they begin to work. They started by cutting the rainbow stone pillars and then dropping them into fragments of stone and using this stone to change to a colored liquid which would be moved up to the ground and carrying grass, flowers ... In other words, spring! The first half of the cartoon shows the creation of the spring. But the second part is slightly different The old man in the winter came back and he tried to extend the winter by destroying the Elves' work. So from this point, we help in the fight between the elves and the Old Man Winter. <br /> <br /> The music heard here is fantastic. The melodious piece is stuck in the head like an ink point on a piece of paper. The second part of the melody is exciting and perfect with action. This is just wonderful. Giorgio! The animation sequence is also a pleasure. The colors are well blended and every little detail shows in a great environment. This concept is great. The elves are attracting characters such as the Old Man Winter that shows the cold and merciless feelings of the white season. <br /> <br /> There is also a strong message here too. It seems that the battle will disappear for the elves at the end, until the only elves who arrive soon jump into action and lead to the elves' victories in the winter. The point is: There is only one person who can make a difference. <br /> <br /> In summary, "To Spring" is a classic game that disappeared from the short comic era. The more notable thing is that this cartoon director has debuted here. And who is the director "To Spring"? It was William Hanna, some people ...
