"Death Lends A Hand" is one of the important early episodes of "Columbo" that helped set the show in the next thirty years. For the first time, the first appearance of Robert Culp, four people (three murderers) who had the same role in each show Please check that Mr. Kennicut, the wealthy wife of the wealthy newspaper, has a relationship. Although she was Brimmer decided not to tell Kennicut in the hope that he would be able to betray his wife in exchange for information about her husband's business partner. She did not respond well to this suggestion. The controversy quickly arose when Brimmer hit her across the face. Because he wore a large ring, loudly, causing her to hit the ground and kill her. <br /> <br /> There are some precious moments now. One of my favorite scenes is that Columbo pretended to read the palm, although this was a trick in discovering the shape and size of Brimmer's ring, without admitting that he knew the murderer was wearing a ring. Colombo is Columbo. He reveals only what he really knows when it's time to change the screw a bit. So initially, he played a part of a fairly simple man who received excitement from "The lifeline floats on the mound of the moon" or some parts that read the ridiculous mumbo-jumbo palm books Stop his nose effectively again. Columbo does not reveal that he knows what has happened. He pretends to be honored and excited about this proposal. <br /> <br /> And there is another thing that Columbo said to Kennicut. In front of Brimmer These killers hope that he can hear their conversation. He wanted to tell Brimmer that he was on him without accusing him directly, so he was quite cruel. (But understandable in the situation) decided to play mindgames at Brimmer in order to shock him and do stupid things, of course he did! While the grief of Kennicut was not aware of this conversation It is time for Columbo to explain all to Kennicut (not shown on screen). <br /> <br /> I will not reveal how Columbo will eventually deal with the killers. <br /> Really good episodes may be the best set of the first series. If you like this, you will like "Double Exposure" as well as Robert Culp.
