OK. I agree. I am one of those who are tired of spending hours with my beloved DVD player and my great TV program. Watching the science fiction series Star Trek (Next Generation) is a busy day. My first time and since then I changed my partner regularly. I've seen everything, and my favorites are «Lexx», «Farscape» and «Battlestar Galactica». New. In other words: the newest space opera. But I have people who are old-fashioned with cheap prices, such as the excellent four-season BBC program «Blakes7». Here, the budget is smaller than the special hobbits. Commodore 64, but who cares if the script is sharp and cleverly written with dark humor, serious actions and sometimes aristocratic? > <br /> But why do they speak English in the future in space? Because this is not the future, it is a fantasy for children Even so, it may cause irritation sometimes. I, a Norwegian citizen, often condemns this terrifying fact that no one has created a series like science fiction for Scandinavian audiences. I never thought of the fact that this could happen, but actually once, and even in my own country Norway. I am two years old when Fjernsynsteatret (TV drama department) of our national public service station. Nrk has produced the Blindpassasjer (The Stowaway) version now. <br /> <br /> When I first heard I Not surprisingly, the fact that until this day, the performance was only once selected in Norway, I couldn't see it. It went on television, Swedish, Danish and Finnish at the same time. But a long time ago There is no video or DVD release either. Surprisingly, and when it was screened in a movie theater, this movie took place in Bergen, a town that is far from Oslo. And there is another fact about «Blindpassasjer »That didn't make me surprised that it was written by two Norwegian writers Tor ÅgeBringsværd and Jon Bing (Bing & Bringsværd). This pair generally introduces the SciFi genre to the Norwegians in the seventies; They publish poetry and write what they call prose. In my opinion, Bringsværd is the most interesting of both writers and has written many great and fun novels, even some masterpieces are funny, such as «Bazar» and «Syvsoverskens Dystre Frokost», none other than men. This famous playwright can create a script of «Blindpassasjer» <br /> <br /> Finally, when I watch it, it's because the Swedes recorded all three episodes in the VCR. 80 Finally, it can convert DVD and gave it to me. He is a good bloke. So I sat down and watched with Swedish subtitles. Sounds bad. But the past thing and I was amazed that I finally loved it. <br /> <br /> The external scenes with the spacecraft and planets are better than the scenes in Blakes7 and credited to the studio Caprino (who makes Flåklypa The famous Grand Prix and the interior of Marco Polo (space ship) work better than I expected. In general, theatrical performances were better than when they played Ibsen in a gentle manner, and Bjørn Floberg had his role as tight as Trini Lund. The legendary actor Henny moan sent her a chapter in a strong and relaxed tone. Which is suitable for the type But this is the band's drama, and I'm glad to say that Ola B. Johannesen holds his mustache with exaltation and Marit Østbye is the hottest, chic area of ​​my standard. <br /> <br /> But it's good. Really? People must swallow the ending quickly. "Modern society" but yes, it's not really good, but charming, cool, nostalgic and pleasant. Classic Norwegian SciFi one and a half hours
