Sur mes lèvres or reading MY LIPS is a little thriller that examines the lives of 'outsiders' who live in the periphery of our vision that struggles with the need to 'fit' the director Jacques. Audiard and co-author Tonino Benacquista have created a fun little thriller that makes important statements about the people and their fate. <br /> <br /> Carla (Emmanuelle Devos) Which is plain Jane which Most of them are deaf. There are thirty unnoticed secretaries for a living company. It is one of social and sexual isolation and the outlook of the future is quite bleak. Respond to ads that will be Carla's assistant There is a physical push together in the first meeting. Carla hopes that the well-groomed man who will fulfill her dream and Paul is a lazy, unkind person. Lazy and not lazy, not impressed with being a clerk Their concept changed quite quickly when Paul recovered Carla's work by filling out her request to steal a letter that would cost her and Paul discovered the ability to read Carla's lips, which He saw that it was a way to spy on criminals from his past. Money owed Therefore, the team's partners therefore join forces and join together to add dangerous terror to achieve Paul's safety and freedom. The relationship is full of distortion and fear of the seats of each character that is unlikely. Fulfilling their role in life that complements the differences in their walls in surprising ways. Devos and Cassel give courageous performances. And the rest of the characters are consistently strong. Again, Alexandre Desplat produced a score that helped increase the tension and the filming of the movie. Mathieu Vadepied discovered the correct light and angle to introduce the world of character separation as The paranoid feelings of Hitchcockian, the director of the Audiard, intelligently manage the sensitive factors and one-time changes for the story: He shows us Opinion from the difference between 'hear' the world with and without hearing aids and in doing so made a powerful social comment. This is a good movie that still ranks among the best French film genres. Grady Harp recommends
