Pixar has been very successful over the years with the CGI animated film that they made "A Bug's Life" for the second time in all the features that they had previously created. The long-awaited feature release of the company's advanced "Toy Story", which is the first CGI movie from the beginning I remember when there was a heavy follow-up advertisement at the time of the launch in the late 1990s, but I hadn't seen it before November 2006. I watched it twice in that month and three years later I I saw it for the third time. It never impressed me as much as any other Pixar movie I've seen. But after watching it three times, I still thought it would be better than some movies that I saw from DreamWorks Animation. <br /> <br /> The island of ants is the home of the ant colony. These ants are forced to gather food for the locust gangs that come and eat every year. One member of this colony is Flik, ​​an inventor with a bad reputation that caused problems with his inventions, even though he didn't intend to do it. One year, when the colony had just finished preparing the annual offering, Flik accidentally crashed into the stream before the locust came to pick it up! The leader of the hopper locust decided to give them a second chance to gather food and prepare food at the end of the season. But they will have to double the offerings! Flik introduced to the royal house of the colony where he went and found "Psycho warriors" to fight the locusts when they return Princess Ego, the Queen of the Future, allowed him to do this mission in order to prevent him from suffering while the colony tried to gather food for another offering. The inventor found a group of insects that he thought was a warrior. But after he brought them back to Ant Island and introduced them, he knew that they were not warriors. But it's a circus insect! <br /> <br /> The main reason why this second Pixar property has never surprised me is definitely the character. For me, no one in them is as outstanding as they can and generally doesn't seem interesting. However, fortunately it's not like the "Shark Tale", a movie with a stupid and unpopular protagonist. "A Bug's Life" has a cute main character that viewers can root. Sometimes the story looks impolite. But in most cases, it is good enough to allow this movie to have a moderate level of entertainment at least, and sometimes there is a great doubt, especially later. Humor, like other aspects of the movie, is not as good as it should be. But there are certainly funny moments. Some people are related to Francis, a male ladybug that is sometimes mistaken for a woman. You can expect great animations from Pixar and animations in their specific efforts as well. With all the movies available, it may be a bit disappointing when talking about Pixar standards. But is a reasonable entertainment for the family
