When watching A Bug's Life for the first time in a long time, I couldn't help seeing the comparison with Happy Feet last year. As long as the main story goes, they are very similar. Those who are driven out do what they can. In order to match himself while trying to be special It just shows you how this movie is better than this. A lot of people disagree with me when I say that I like Pixar's efforts more. Of course, it will not be able to capture the beauty of Toy Story and it is not an outside world animation. However, this is a great story and the characters are wonderful to spend time with. With a lot of laughter and a moral center in the boot, I can see this as much as the other classics of the studio. <br /> <br /> There's a lot about finding strength from within to beat the price. All here During our team leader who had to maintain his self-esteem to maintain his colonies, the colony needed to open their eyes to a new way of life for the future and the circus insects found that they were more than just a strange mind Evolving into a better bug at the end of the story, even the villain Hopper has flesh and horror for the right reasons. He didn't intend to do it. But to understand the fact that ants are more than 100 per 1, he wants them to be scared of him, so don't worry about finding the truth. It is a very life cycle. But it's not something that can't be developed according to age. <br /> <br /> When thinking of animation, it's really good. Compared to Antz, which is a rival movie of the time, this is a realistic story and less cartoons Water will be displayed as well as leaves. You don't have to look far beyond the ant's eyes to see how much detail is in production. Reflection and moisture, despite the smooth exterior showing realism All defects are created too neatly. Flies in the city and madly mixed creatures that were selected to help the ants have never been overlooked, whether it's a small chapter or a wider scene. It's still in a city where we see craftsmanship in the environment, while Ant Island is good. It's just outdoor. Bug City has twice as many garbage in buildings and clubs. It's a great show of humor and creativity to see how animators are used for everything. From the ice tray located in the circus, the animal cracker box is an animal van with a full nutrition guide on the side and collecting boxes to create advertising banners and the Times Square facade. Everything is complete / > <br /> As much as humor, you have to give credit for acting ability for delivering great and inspiring role choices. No one can do a better ladybug than Dennis Laree with his wit. I dare you to miss someone better. Our leading actors are great, too, with Dave Foley as Flick and Julia Louis-Dreyfus as Princess Atta, including Hopper Kevin Spacey. Spacey not only steals many scenes from the movie. But also using the middle scene in the bloopers during the credit. Yes, A Bug's Life is the creator of animations from Pixar, a tradition that continues with many funny pearls. You have to give props to actors. The big factor is filled with "That actor." It's people like Richard Kind, Brad Garrett and Joe Ranft, who is the worm-headed Heimlich that brings the biggest laugh. <br /> <br /> Overall, it may be a story. The The easiest course In the screening by Pixar, who has been told in one form or many times over the years But inspiring enough and refreshing enough to provide an enjoyable experience Have fun moments, sad moments, and even action scenes that are full of wonder with the birds that come to join in the fun. Finished with two favorite pizzerias, the Tuck and Roll, which wasn't too bad that I could talk about
