Recently, I watched Tom Hanks and old Chaplin movies, and even the first Bean Bean show of Rowan Atkinson, and it seems they all have their own unique charm that permeates throughout the work. Members of the audience of all ages, in a way that makes you feel good. The life of the Bug has the same charm. It has a connection to real life that allows us to suppress unbelief and accept insects. Say a lot because even if they say He still acts like a real insect. It's like a team that makes movies to find a way to lead us into the thoughts of children and make us think like them to imagine the flaws that the young mind can do. <br /> <br /> Dear baby, I shrink. Kids is one of my favorite movies when I am younger, and for me, A Bug's Life is like that movie that is more realistic if only because the animation is amazing and the storytelling is open. many The possibility of more storytelling I try not to compare with things like Toy Story (which I am still the best computer animated movie ever made) because the story of A Bug's Life is not as good as Toy Story, but after almost nothing. The important thing is that it's still fun Strong and general aptitude And hope that there will still be enough remaining insects to pass the winter We are treated by those from the locusts, which makes it clear that if the insects have food that is not satisfactory, the consequences will be worse. And, incidentally, the similarity between this level of food deprivation is similar to forcing food from Mao Tse-tung from his people during <br /> <br /> The fun and excitement started when Flik, ​​the main character, traveled to search for a group of suitable warriors to return and help protect the colony from the locusts. You see him doing all the accumulated food and causing everyone to be extremely dangerous, so he feels that it is his responsibility. But he accidentally hired a circus performer who had been struggling inadvertently Excellent for the poor audience for the safety of the group. <br /> <br /> The film was brought back in the late 1990s when many movies appeared to come out twice, such as Armageddon and Deep Impact, Independence Day. And arrival, Bug life and Antz etc. The comparison between A Bug's Life and Antz is inevitable, although it is clear to me that A Bug's Life is a superior movie and not just Because it is not an actor Woody Allen. This is a great family fun!
