A fun world like this has been created for us in the life of Bugar Bug; We immerse ourselves in the universe that can be enjoyed on film. But a precise universe that can only be recorded through the world of animation For those who have forgotten that the rich and rich world animation can offer When it is in the right hand, that is ?? Bug's life is a warm reminder. We walked out of the movie with an equally warm feeling and felt the satisfaction of the highly talented film work. <br /> <br /> It's just Pixar's second animated feature. Disney's subgroups have made their debut and may be an unintended symbol in the film world three years ago in 1995. With their movie story, it was a film that challenged the new creation and inhaled the new life. To be an animation and to define all new levels of excellence Now they come back with a second attempt, in truth, pulling the cynicism of all of us before watching movies. <br /> <br /> After that it's a movie about ants. Everything about insects and the world of insects is covered by A Bug's Life, but it's an ant, which is the whole point of the film, because humans are the whole point of drama, romance and others. How important is such an animal to act as the protagonist of the movie, let alone the whole place of the documentary film? Of course they were joking. However, we forget that in the Toy Story, the parts of the toy box can become the most lovable and lovable and cute animation and villain hero. The Pixar people can pull out the same song and deal with dirty and small bugs to become the most nasty and nasty group of nasty animals you might ever encounter. <br /> <br /> Not only Are they all friendly and cute? No unwanted characters in the eyes Even the villains are still gripping the characters ?? But they are colorful, they blend and they have strange habits And the array of characters is great because it lacks a better time, just adding a distinctive layer of specialties that have been plastered on A Bug's Life from the beginning We will start from the main characters and our heroes. His name is Flik (David Foley) and his character is quite normal to say the least. From the thousands of faithful and obedient ants, living on the lush and beautiful Ant Island, he was one of the family's "black sheep" who saw during the opening hours of the movie when he destroyed the harvest of the season. Intention His performance <br /> <br /> The problem arose when the ants harvested the coveted coveted locusts, led by Hopper (Kevin Spacey), who was eager to confirm their anger and their dictatorship. Little when they appeared at the Ant Island for their annual party and saw that their offering was gone. They were crazy because they lacked a better time. Hopper offers a proposal to save the ants from extinction, all in his hand packs; However, it is a bargain which is impossible to accomplish. The cogs and machines in Flik's mind ran full at the moment, although he felt guilty and embarrassed, and he offered to leave the Ant Island to find an avid insect killer that could help the colony and fight with the Hopper and Locust If you think about the life of the Bug, it is similar to the classic Seven Samurai plot line of Akira Kurosawa or the American remake The Magnificent Seven, which is an unfortunate village with a good heart. Exploration and evil ?? One resident in the village, searching for help in a large city, finding and returning to the colony to expel evil in A Bug's Life. Help comes in the form of a circus that does not intend Flik to play. A warrior in a bar fight in <br /> <br /> Lots of fun coming out of these scenes. And lots of fun coming out of these circus bucks Among them are insects, hard-working learners. (David Hyde Pierce) The German caterpillar that distinguishes the side by the name of Heimlich and the ladybug. It was fun to watch these bugs on the screen while they were watching bugs and bugs, interacting on the screen as well as all the movies. <br /> <br /> As I said, fun and Many festivities From their characters and the fun interaction with others, which makes the lines of hilarious, dubious and sensational situations, as well as spectacular movies, what makes A Bug's Life even better is the movie This is not limited to just how many children might see it, even if the children get more entertainment from this movie or not? The child-friendly situation is quite rich than we want. However, it's easy to ignore this mistake and it's easy to enjoy this movie. <br /> <br /> Although A Bug's Life may not reach the standard that makes it noticeable and important places Determined by the pioneer And the beginning of some things promised here Pixar proved that they were not just one hit. But is a group of talented and talented film artists in Hollywood They raise the bar endlessly and when people manage their standards to the best There is nothing more to say about the life of a Bug: see; It's not the best we've seen from people at Emeryville, California. But it can dance very well this year ?? And I will be cursed if this is not the best animation feature of 1998. <br /> <br /> 8.5 / 10
