(Formerly responding to film critics who said A Bug's Life was too fast too soon - he felt "dazed and exhausted" from the image and seemed to ignore the whole story. <br /> <br /> OK, first of all, I 26 years old, have a job to go to school and have a fiancé So I might be nuts and really good at hiding it ... but not only did I not run away from the life of Bug or despair, it wasn't until I saw it a second time that I could start. Truly Appreciate the art and humor of an amazing picture - because the first time I watched this movie, I was wrapped in stories and characters that I forgot that I should sit there. You will not sympathize with Flik and the road life that is committed with good intentions? "Heck" Of course, I found myself with a little ant. (Not to mention other errors) in more ways than one ... and in itself, tell me about the things that this movie is incredible Than the whole book about beautiful eye candy Of course it's beautiful (Every grass leaves, trees, rain ...) Of course, what they can do with technology is amazing. (You can read their lips! But this movie is not only a masterpiece of art and technology, not just an explosion of movement and color. Bug's life is constant if that's not all. But I'm glad to say no! The life of Bug has a true heart. Yes, it has a story that goes smart and has the ability to see. But that is because the story and the characters are some depth. Just because it's a movie for children doesn't mean you should close your brain at the theater door - kids are smarter than you think! In addition, I think the PIXAR team did this for themselves even before their children ... and it shows that the number of hearts is This film has a funny, interesting and general touch movement. Character development in the group of actors is amazing. There are a lot of character growth, not just in the main characters, so in animation and in general movies. It doesn't hit you over your head when scoring - every scene, every frame has a reason in the story for being there and without any shock. It is not explicitly stated in the statement that what is meant is a subtlety for I'm a man; It doesn't mean "make it worse". Your movie and assuming that the audience is stupid, mostly not All I think is that if you see the life of an insect and don't feel anything, you must never make a big mistake. Harming your friends, having love, falling in love, being disappointed that nobody listens. You lie to the person you care about, feel that it is an inappropriate society, excited about new ideas, come with wonderful ideas, have things that you think are great ideas, backfire awkward for a moment and be confident. The pressure of responsibility, standing up for yourself and the people you love, standing alone with the crowd, feeling like a failure, feeling like a great success, feeling the need to make a difference to the life of You in the lives of others ... You get the final word score: A + to vote from me; Please, if you can see it, try it in the cinema. (Pan and scan the video will not work with this movie); If you love Toy Story, you most likely like this (PIXAR knows how to make movies with heart); If you like to see it many times, otherwise you won't know what you're missing. (The amount of detail and subtlety here is great) and whenever you feel very low, just pretend to be okay.
