In the movie "Brokedown Palace" directed by Jonathan Kaplan, two close friends, Alice (Claire Danes) and Darlene (Kate Beckinsale) decide to celebrate graduation. High school by visiting Hawaii But heard that Bangkok, Thailand was very fun. They changed the plan and decided to come to Thailand without telling parents about the plan change. While they were in Thailand, Alice and Darlene met a beautiful young man named Nick Parks (Daniel Lapaine). He told them that he would sell first class tickets to Hong Kong to buy three economy tickets for them. Can spend the weekend in Hong Kong They accepted his offer and when entering the airport, both men were arrested for drug trafficking. They were convicted and sentenced to thirty years. <br /> <br /> I think Kaplan is trying to show the audience that it is good to make good decisions because one bad decision can change. The direction of life forever In addition, friendly faces may not be as friendly as we think when we search for the true intent of that friendly face. Those girls decided not to tell their parents that they changed their plans and changed their lives forever. Things that had a funny way happened showed us how our decisions were made with The decisions we should make Sometimes life is not fair, that's why it has to be long and strong with the choices we make because we can't go back and change the choices we have made. <br /> <br /> This movie has Good settings; It's mostly filmed in Bangkok. This film has great music. Some of my favorite songs are 'Silent' by Delerium, 'Damaged' by Plumb, 'Send Me' by Sarah Bightman and 'Just Start Party' by Nelly Furtado. I went out to buy the soundtrack after watching this movie. These women who are young and innocent and fail to think carefully about their plans, mistakes that everyone can do, so this movie is suitable for all audiences. It does not make a difference of children or adults - we are all human and may have errors. Even if I don't like the way this movie ends, I'm from the question - who really smuggled drugs? - I definitely want to give a thumbs up for these two things.
