We all have friends. Some of us have more than others, but there is only one or two people that you feel really close to. The person you can speak is like your brother or sister. Alice (Danes) and Darlene (Beckinsale) are like that. Can be seen from the beginning They graduated together, they went to a party together and they decided to go to Bangkok together when they should go to Hawaii. They were also arrested for trying to smuggle drugs into third world countries and cause a disaster. The rest of this movie is about survival and not giving up hope. There is also a strong message about the power of friendship and what it can mean to someone. <br /> <br /> Brokedown Palace is a very good movie. It's not good and that's because of a few problems I want. To talk about But first I want to say what is good about the movie. And for beginners, acting is the most important thing and you can't look beyond two actors. Danes and Beckinsale are perfect in the roles they have. Alice is hot and looks a little rough around the edge, but she looks more fun than Darlene. But sometimes fun can cause you trouble. Darlene is usually a little conservative, and although it is sometimes annoying, it may be better to serve two women if her way is taken instead of Alice. Bill Pullman is sufficient for American lawyers living in Thailand. This movie is also very good for photography. Inside of the prison, while unlike Shawshank or Natural Born Killers or Return To Paradice, it shows the desperation (but lower) that is needed in the situation in which they were. We saw two girls struggling to pass each day. But you can see their spirits being brought out more and more each day. Brokedown Palace is great when talking about friendship and showing that they have to rely on each other to survive. Another thing that I have to comment is the movie soundtrack. It elevates and compliments the mood of this film for perfection. The music you hear in the preview also plays in movies and when playing, you feel the fate of women in this prison. You can feel how lonely they are and desperate to go out and return to simple things in life. And also makes you look at yourself and realize how lucky we are in the society we do We can compare easily with some countries and believe it or not, music is the perfect catalyst for pondering on this issue. Some songs are made by a group called Delirium (I think), but it is Sara McLaughlin (misspelled, but you spell her last name) that her lyrics and sounds are beautiful and haunted, and it adds a lot to the movie. <Br /> <br /> What I don't like about this movie is the stupidity that the girls show. I won't say what they do. But when you see for yourself, you know what I'm talking about. Also, I didn't feel that the prison they were in was a bad thing. It looks like a prison with minimum safety and probably because when there are similar situations in other movies that make men spend time abroad, the prison scene is always cruel and sadistic. But I didn't come here. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is a great movie and it makes you ask the question: "How far can you go to find a friend?" That's a difficult question. Maybe someone we have no one can answer honestly until they fall into the same situation. We just hope it won't come down.
