Flynn is well known for the role of dressing up. (And a comedy show in his bedroom) that takes time with this movie and works beautifully Acting as a boxing champion, Jim Corbett, in real life, Flynn turns into a charming blow as he walks out of the banker of San Francisco who is so restrained as a boxer. As everyone at the same time He and Carson's best friend join the illegal knuckle fight and are caught with scores of other men (and dogs!), Including famous judges. The next day he was given a chance through Smith to enter the private club of the judge. He used this opportunity to break down in the goodness of his special members and to the point of the local boxers. His ability to play unusual sports, soon he has all the players, including world champion John L. Sullivan (Bond). Flynn is wonderful. He is the best of charm, charm and attractiveness in this role. He looks great. (Especially in the scene that hangs with his hair mussed and wearing a white union dress) and doing all his own stuntwork (Impressively!) His line delivery is delicious and he is reliable and compassionate, and at the same time, Smith's profligacy elevates and tastes from every pore and is a good match for Flynn. Want an actress who can stand up for his progress and reputation (He was prosecuted for legal rape at that time) and she was greatly appreciated. She was accepted by the freshness and attitude of the cavalry. But can hardly help But under his fascinating spell Bond is incredibly strong, powerful and incredibly tall. But gentle when the script calls for Carson to have fun Beautifully appointed and safely supervised There are a few amazing scenes presented. Smith's cloak, some attached on the shawl But she is well suited for the hair style that can be made very well It was a great glimpse at the beginning of the boxing championship. But there are still many Some of it (Such as the character of the character shown by Flynn) has been updated or exaggerated for entertainment But most are genuine (Such as methods and costumes shown in the fight scene). One line is especially memorable: "I believe you. Like me more than I like you But all possible, I love you more than you love me. "It's a classic romantic dialogue (and there are more than a few zingers sprinkled throughout the script as well).
