James J. Corbett's autobiography "The Roar of the Crowd" is the beginning of a lively and memorable fictional biography. The author is the world heavyweight champion, succeeding John L. Sullivan before the turn of the century. The events of the lecture describe Corbett as a good-looking young man. But intelligent and intelligent, who conquered the world of boxing and social bias when he was seen as the only son of an Irish immigrant. He spent many hours creating excitement and often screened amused for Prove that his referee is wrong He is the bank's receiver when this film opens. But somehow he wangles an invitation to a sports club for good to do. He falls in love with a beautiful girl. But the high head, which seems to be a constant fight, and he lives at home with Corbett's quarrels, which seem to fight with others as often as others When he defeats the best club and is a professional fighter to humiliate him, he finally decides to have a reputation for fighting. He traveled on the road with friends who acted as managers and trainers, and despite losing a few times, he won all the matches and attracted attention. Come home to pursue his girl again. He plans to annoy Boston Strongboy, the great John L. Sullivan, who enters the bar and claims he can. "Lick any man in the world" Few people believe that he can win the match with Sullivan. But Corbett dubbed "Gentleman Jim" for good manners and the appearance of the nobility made everyone surprised by the movement dancing out of bounds. The best scenes of the movie may come when the defeated Sullivan comes to congratulate Corbett. The new champion rose to a certain time, telling Sullivan a couple of years ago that it might be different. He made his young woman the result of his two performances. But at the end of the movie, when they visited, their parents, the manager, could tell the world that "The Corbetts are here again". The film is charming and has a consistent style without being flashy. This script was written by veteran Horace McCoy and Vincent Lawrence from the novel Corbett Sidney Hickox. Filmed in a retro style film by Clarence Steensen and artistic direction by Ted Smith. The ability of Raul Walsh, an expert in action movies Flynn likes to work with Walsh. But ignored the other director whom he worked most often was Michael Curtis Among the actors with Ward Bond like John L. Sullivan, one of his best performances, Alexis Smith is cute, but is as smart as Corbett, a loving woman - later he says it's a favorite role. During that time ... Jack Carson was his manager, Alan Hale, his charming father. John Loder was a wealthy enemy with William Fraley. Vaughan and Mike Masurki are ready for fun litigation. It is difficult to talk about the reasons and the fun that the creator of this movie created. Is one of the most favorite sports biographies and my standards are one of the most fun movies as well
