After deleting my thoughts nearly twenty-seven times, there is a feeling that I can now conquer the criticism for the complex French drama "Read My Lips". By writing more than five hundred reviews, I never found myself losing words like Which I had done with profound director Jacques Audiard but also an inspiring love story The idea was poured into what has been loved and hateful about this film, and while "love" has won, it is a hateful element that causes further debates in the heart. "Read My Lips" is a drama that is more accurate, is a character-driven drama that combines social uncertainty with noble crime with the stagnation of daily office work. Here, this comment began to crumble into all these items? But it is much more than that As an audience, you will be drawn immediately by the image of this fragile woman, Emmanuelle Devos, named Carla, who is losing strength to the men in the office, including her hearing problems. Audiard introduces us to the world of She was violent by removing the sound from the screen every time she didn't wear a first aid kit, causing immediate unrest. But from the characters in the movie only The world will be open to any possibility and that is scary. <br /> <br /> When we see women who are difficult and unstable in her life, we are uprooted and given the opportunity to meet. And Paul (played by Vincent Cassel, finely) gray hair after a thin man wearing a mustache that was released from a homeless prison, without work and forced by his parole officer to receive a job This is what Carla and Paul found. There is a moment of instant attraction that is not stable. The person that we think she loves him, but he is dark (and this is where it's more fun) ?? And the place where we thought he loved her, but she was dark. The continuous role reversal caused an unknown voice. Who, as an audience, will we feel the most sympathetic? Paul sleeps in the office. Carla saves him. Carla made a contract with a rival colleague Paul to help her. Carla's ability to read people's lips is a boon for the transformation concept for Paul. The continuous jump comes to put you on a chair, waiting for the possibility that the light will shine through this dark cave. Never did Audiard not allow this to happen. He introduced us to more and more characters. One person who is aggressive like the next Even our rock, our solid foundation with parole officers is still a problem when his wife disappears? This movie's subplot, at first I was angry. But when there is a debate, the main ending is for this film. But this may not be possible if not for our characters. The solemnity and warm appearance of Devos is as she transforms her image for Paul; The truth of her beauty was discovered. Paul, the symbol in the movie, seems to still use and insult the friendship for the end of his last game. Then, just as we thought one, Carla would be in one final shape. <br /> <br /> Audiard knew he had an amazing actor who captured his character. Cassel and Devos were able to play cards all the time. Time and i will still sit at the end of my chair The story is probably the weakest part of this movie is the first random. At first, it seems that the linked stories are not related, but Audiard allows them to connect in a small way. Again, the parole officer touched each other But the last scene just strengthens the method Don't try to be vague But complicated stories (But easiest) This is hard to explain. There are many things going on. But it is up to you to connect parts The favorite scene is when Carla tries to find out where the money is. The use of sounds and scenes is great. It's tense and amazing, and it's like looking at the mystery that somebody revealed before your eyes. <br /> <br /> Overall, at first I was a French movie that I could easily forget when it ended? I was proven wrong. "Read my lips" opens the area for conversation, not just with the characters. But is the situation One will find himself the cause of Carla in the same scene and Paul in the next scene. When discovered at Carla in Paul's apartment, I found myself very angry. Audiard brought the true emotion to the screen with his character and development and what he lacked in planning? Actors can carry I can easily recommend this movie to everyone. But be prepared; This is not the only time that I have watched movies. Repeat. Repeat. Repeat. <br /> <br /> Level: **** from *****
