I chose to watch this movie on the day it opened in France as a personal way for myself to reflect on what happened last year; The collection works as intended: It encourages the epilepsy of thoughts and emotions. Working as an intellectual hommage, never bowing to the feelings of being cheap or the knee-swinging reaction. <br /> <br /> There are Many accusations of making this film an anti-American: While I can't say for everyone in this story, I am an American who finds that the words are not completely true. People make a lot of noise about the part of Egypt by Chahine because of the sound of the view of the Palestinian suicide bomber confirming that democratic civilians are "Fair goals" for them to choose a government in which bombers are looking for attacks But this is very much in the piece: There are many perspectives, no one speaks of truth and critics - if they see parts - seem to forget the warm love and dialogue that occurs between the director and the ghost of the conversation. American And the severe sadness of the director when he heard the sad story. <br /> <br /> Every movie is beautiful, thoughtful and inspiring, especially the great work by Mahkmalbaf, Tanovic, Loach & Inarritu. It's normal to effectively tell the true story of the injustices that dealt with the Muslim family in the wake of the anti-Islamic hysteria that swept - and still sweeping - states I found out. The part of Gitai that is quite loud and simple in the criticism of the media hysteria in the face of terrorism and the parts of Penn is an impressionist and oval style for my taste even though I expect. That would like Borgnine very good and brave Warning Spoiler: One reviewer below read the tower that had fallen incorrectly as a happy time for the character; My reading is quite what the erosion of the tower is because of the flood of his room causing him to lose the life he refused to recognize. Again, this is an impressionist work because we know that if the tower is blocked, the light to this man's flat probably nothing but smoke and ash, no light shining through his window.
