As you may know, this is to ask the eleven directors from all over the world to create a short 11 minute movie, 9 seconds and one frame. We have here: - Samira Makhmalbaf (Iran): Afghan refugee children can How can I understand the tower crash? There is nothing. Great lesson - Claude Lelouch (France): A weak plot with great movies ... Just imagine a deaf woman who lives in the WTC who sees without understanding that the barking dog of She ... Just saw it. - Youssef Chahine (Egypt): The greatest oriental filmmaker has sympathy ... For everyone: For the soldiers who died ten years ago for people. In Wtc but for Who killed himself with Palestine Perhaps a gentle film for us - Danis Tanovic (bosnia hrzgovia): Good pictures make us travel, of course ... not a very good plot. Idrissa Oudraogo (Burkina Faso): From one of the poorest countries in the world. Gentle and funny about the five boys who want to catch Osama Bin Laden ... and they can do it. But no one believes when they say they know where they are. Ken Loach (United Kingdom): September 11, 1973 Chile entered the body of a blood that is twenty years long. Thousands of deaths. Torture: All of this is presented by Henry Kissinger and the CIA of Chile for Chile and knowing that this change is your point of view! I guess it's because of the short time that there are no American film distribution companies accepting to be released in our theaters! Loch forgot that 1973 was the year that WTC was created! - Alejandro Gonzalez inarritu (Mexico): Impressed with the pictures that we all know well and many black screens. I didn't get this much. It's an artist's video. (To be shown in the exhibition) More than movies - Amos Gitaï (Israël): Nonsense ballet by police, journalists and others around the fire truck in Jerusalem. Very well done. - Mira Nair (India): About the anti-Islamic feelings that follow. Come on September 11, really good. - Sean Penn (us): A little story that reminds us of the forgotten truth. WTC has a large shadow, and some have daylight at them. Never had - Shohei Imam ura (Japan): Another one here, there is not even one word about WTC and action will take place at the end of World War II. There is only one message: no holy war This short film gives a deep feeling. But the director is always able to do better than 11 minutes --- so --- the great movie, the great effort to control the temperature of the world. I love it.
