Clear from the beginning of 9/11, it will inspire many movies based on World War II and Vietnam combined. However, there is a big danger that most of these movies come about well. (Or rather: not good) is Pearl Harbor It is fortunate that the first international release on 9/11 is not a magical love story starring with a beautiful face, but a collection of 11 directors from around the world. Intended to say that all 11 episodes were excellent (Youssef Chahine's example had an unnecessary introduction with too many cuts and Shohei Imamura had a really strange end) or a group in the correct order(Imamura's not directly referring to Twin Towers should open the movie, not the end. Alejandro Gonzales Inarritu should be the last one because it is the most impressive movie), but it's an impressive effort and an interesting picture about the way Other parts of the world respond to the collapse of the twin towers. <br /> <br /> Consider the open part of Samira Makhmalbaf, which Afghan teachers try to explain. What happened to her disciples in New York and didn't succeed for a minute? Or part of Idrissa Ouedraogo (which has a lot of Laden-double trash, similar to the real thing that you will be shocked when seeing him, I promise) that the five children ponder the good things that can be done with the prize placed on Laden <br /> <br /> Have a good part (and very angry) by Ken Loach about a man from Chile talking about what he called "our Tuesday 11 September" - on 11 September. In 1973, when the president received elections Al Yen was killed and Pinochet set up his dictatorship with the help of Henry Kissinger and the CIA. This may be a great effort to resist America. But it became a sad story and shared my awareness for the best group with Inarritu's (mostly showing sound effects and calls from a hijacked plane to a black screen People fell into the WTC and eventually became a collapsed tower which ended up making the screen brighter and one question appeared) and Amos Gitai about a crazy journalist trying to get up on the air after the bombing. One car in Tel Aviv is a masterpiece of choreography. <br /> <br /> All different groups. (I haven't even mentioned Claude Lelouch about the deaf woman Danis Tanovic about the demonstration of women of Srebrenica, Mira Nair's - strange but requires the Indian director to make the most attractive part for western tastes. - About a Muslim family whose son was highly suspected after 9/11 and Sean Penn and Ernest Bornin (yes, Ernest as a widower who led that life Depressed You can imagine) as the film's unique look is not difficult and hard to forget. I'm sure this movie will be a classic movie that everyone knows thirty years ago. I hope it will be remembered for starting a world-class movie tradition for a long time. But alas, it is possible to remember that it is just a single movie attempt. And as one of the few things that happened in the 9/11 movie that did not reduce this horrifying event for a happy love story just to please the audience
