This story is related to the drama that requires characters to be Shakespeare's large and juicy characters, steaks from master filmmakers who know how to draw fierce performances from his actors. Considering the only-jury that Henry Fonda disagreed with in "Twelve Fury", Mary Tyrone, the psychedelic of Katharine Hepburn in "Long Day's Into the Night", survived the concentration camp of Ste Steiger in "The Pawnbroker" and a lawyer with a mixture of Paul Newman in "Judgment". This program covers some of the best screen works of the last half century and you can add Philip Seymour Hoffman who controls Andy Hanson. At the best of the 83 people With the Sidney Lumet shows no signs of fatigue, eighty years old, and in fact, he felt remorse poem written for the first time <br /> <br /> Masterson, size, Kelly's small. While it focuses on the moral compromises that have been resolved in families where two siblings have become desperate for immediate cash Woody Allen followed the similar fraternal power of his latest film, the strange dream of "Cassandra's Dream", but Lumet was not squeezed or cautious in his fierce methods in the story. Ambiguous and deceptive The plot revolves around a crime that is intended to be a victim of Embezzling money from his real estate company's payroll to make Gina's abandoned wife happy and to satisfy the expensive drug habit. Nandy spoke smoothly, being revealed in the IRS examination. At the same time, his brother hangs into a group of divorces after divorce, insecurity. AMC outright fall in alimony and child support <br /> <br /> Andy devised a plan to rob a jewelry store misunderstanding of the parents at the time. Shouldn't be there The goal is for brothers and sisters to collect, drag and guardians to claim insurance. Murphy's Law intervenes everything that is possible, starting with Andy pressuring himself to work. Hank agrees with it. But was too scared to do it alone. He undertook to send the daredevil boy with negligence and a gun to deal with the robbery The fate of the robbery occurred one day when Andy's mother and Hank were opening stores and things quickly out of control. Although the storytelling technique is not new (For example, Alejandro GonzálezIñárritu's "21 Grams") Masterson's method works effectively in explaining certain events from a variety of perspectives so that you understand each character. The unfortunate event <br /> <br /> The performance is the perfect scene, starting with Hoffman's stunned performance as Andy the reptile. Machiavellian With a cool look and resentment towards his family I think he's great in Tamara Jenkins's "The Savages", but he's still better here. Lumet draws great performance from Ethan Hawk, who can't endure as Hank creates weakness. With him which notified all the planned movements As their father, Albert Finney performed their duties during his career. But he prepared the basis needed for the opipal level complexity Marisa Tomi is a smart choice to play Gina as an actor who plays an important role in responding to the small role, but is an experienced theater heart. Rosemary Harris (now well known as Aunt Peter Parker in the trilogy "Spider-Man") has a little precious time as a mother, as well as Amy Ryan as a bitter wife. <br /> <br /> <br /> There are scenes on the border, especially too. When the situation becomes more desirable for the brothers But the big teacher injected brio such power to them that flourishes becoming forgiven after the disappointment of the cartoon "Find Me Guilty". It is refreshing to see Lumet in the highest format here. The 2008 DVD presents an explanation that provides that information. Excellent from Lumet, Hoffman and Hawke, which everyone can easily talk and understand. In addition, there are short stories that are better than the average 24 minutes. "Directed by Sidney Lumet: How the Devil was created" which contains the images and examples of interviews with Lumet's two producers. And main actors
