This is a thoroughly cruel story of how bad things can happen. A simple robbery gets some serious changes. Get our money together and everything will be fine. But mom and pop jewelry stores? No problem. Insurance paid for it all. No guns. No one was injured. Simple money. <br /> <br /> Older, more successful (it will appear) Andy's brother (Philip Seymour Hoffman) has a slight problem with heroin, cocaine causing his wife's habit (Marisa Tomei) that he doesn't seem to be able to perform. His flat days were long gone. Younger than the sweet, slightly dim-witted brother, Hank (Ethan Hawk) who has a problem with the dino himself Behind the scenes in support of children paying their daughters for debt with friends and relatives, no matter how they work, etc. <br /> <br /> Sydney Lumet in this performance at the age of 82 (!) Is a director and Making 99.99 percent accurate, which is difficult to do in thriller I have seen more excitement than I can remember, and most of the time when the director prints this movie and lives with the pit of the plot, the improbable, magical scene and the hasty ending here. Lumet is thrilled as it is a work of art. Every detail is perfect. The performance was excellent. Story without holes The story is true and clear and represents the story of human weakness that will honor the greatest filmmakers and even the poet. <br /> <br /> Hoffman is definitely great. When you don't have a marquee, the presence of the leading people, you have to get pure talent, skill and concentration Ethan Hawke, who is not a stranger in the role of a cute little boy, now increases human despair and inhumanity, so we do not know how to pity him or leave him. Albert Finney plays the father of a spoiled, violent son who denies his age. And Marisa Tomei, who has amazing sexual properties that will go along with her unique creativity, manage both the fragile and the heavy like nails as Andy's two wives. (But who can blame her?) It's almost a criticism of a film critic who gives a commercial excitement with five or ten stars. But if you study this film because the filmmakers who want to be advised to do it, you'll notice that (According to most Hollywood producers) pay attention to the details that are made for art - what great artists can do and can't help (By the way, I think there are twenty manufacturers in this movie. Well, maybe a dozen credit checks.) All I can say in sum is the way to go. Sydney Lumet, the author of the great movie Kill and To show your loyalty to your craft and art in a glorious era May all of us do well in half (Albert Finney) will follow the taxi that Andy takes to New York without losing the tail. This is a minor issue, and I hope that every thriller will receive a little more points. The thing that wondered why Lumet decided not to tell us about Hank's fate at the end. We can guess and guess. Maybe his fate fell on the cutting floor. Maybe Lumet might not be satisfied with what was filmed and time expired. He said "Leave that. It doesn't matter." And I think it's not. What happens to hangs is not good. He is not the type who can escape to Mexico and can start a new life. He is a type of person who receives a "light" sentence of 10 to 20 and serves and comes out as a contracted human being, knowing that he is not a real man when he should be. <br /> <br /> See this. For Sidney Lumet, one of Hollywood's best directors, The Pawnbroker (1964), The Group (1966), Serpico (1973), Dog Day Afternoon (1975), Network (1976) and many more
