Tarantino once mentioned the melodrama from the 30s called Backstreet, "Tragedy is like another character" in this movie. May say the same thing - and do not endure Tarantino's work for Sidney Lumet's best work in the past years. The melodrama that the characters are most concerned about, not just because of the things that are related to them Show Kelly Masterson no script masterpiece here (Generally divided into crazy killer mode at the end in a series of climactic activities that work only at the end only and even suppressing belief is the most important thing) but her script Presenting the characters before the plot and in the story that the action surrounding the robbery is important to know that these people were hit by a strike. It is as cold as hell, never forgiving like Satan. 90% of the time. <br /> <br /> Chalk, not just because Lumet knows how to handle non-linear scripts that we see each day. The daily actions of the characters to the previous characters, and mostly after the robbery of a jewelry store caused by the mother. But was caused by the formidable actors (Which I might add to Lumet's specialty) Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke are brothers who have their own financial status and past approaching the seemingly stolen things: robbing a jewelry store, mother and father in Westchester. Another shady character, even though the murder occurred and suddenly it was a Greek tragedy that affected their brothers and dads, played by Albert Finney. Perfect It is the content that most actors love - the characters that look like in Dog Day Afternoon. It's a painful human being with a bone defect. But need love and / or the right thing and have the ability to fulfill the needs and desires. <br /> <br /> In this case, though, Hoffman and Hawke will match each other finely. Hoffman said that until ten minutes ago, the cold and occasional gestures revealed that he was the brain of the operation. But then the small scene that he breaks the mood (Such as with Finney or the car scene with Tomé). The limit is reached; Hawke, meanwhile, is called a loser by his ex-wife and daughter, unable to pay any debts and is called As a baby by his own father, and he fills in various important parts - he doesn't have a flaw like his brother But who wants to choose straw for that name And Finney, as mentioned above, seemed all the way, causing him to turn to the big fish in the children's scene (the final scene with him was horrifying horror. His face returned with horror at Built in the second half) <br /> <br /> There is also support for the transition from Marisa Tomei, twice elaborately and stubbornly, Michael Shannon of Bug Bug to White Trash, Bad Ass and Amy Ryan. , Brian F. O'Byrne and Rosemary Harris Of course, this is a movie with many skills and hearts. But it is not forgiving with stories that add detail back twice, not for interesting shows But in order to clear every step of the forever downward spiral of the family If it's not incredible, like the Serpico or the Network or the Pawnbroker or the 12 Angry Men, it will come close to what Lumet has done since then.
