In New York Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is a real estate agent who is addicted to drug addiction and expensive lifestyle with his wife, Gina. (Marisa Tomei) When the examination is scheduled in his department, he will despair of money. Hanson Hanson, his brother (Ethan Hawke), is a complete loser who has been suspended for three months with his daughter and is in love with Gina every Thursday afternoon. Andy plans to rob the parents' jewelry on Saturday morning without a gun, expecting to meet with an old employee who works and has no financial damage to his parents because the insurance company will pay damages. On Monday morning, we will add the necessary funds he needs to cover his fraud. He invited Hank to join because he is well known in the department store, which is home to jewelry and is known. However, Hank Yellow and the bandits Bobby Lasorda (Brian F. O'Byrne) steal the shop, but things go wrong when their mother Nanette (Rosemary Harris) comes to work for the clerk and Bobby brings the hidden gun. Nanette responded and killed Bobby, but she was also shot. After Nanette's death, Charles Hanson's father (Albert Finney) decides to investigate the robbery with sad results. <br /> <br /> "Before the demons knew that you were dead" was a joke of mistakes, stories, thoughts. The originality and differences are in the screenplay, with non-linear narrative à la "Pulp Fiction". Eighty-three-year-old Sidney Lumet has another great job, and it's impressive that this director is old. Longevity Philip Seymour Hoffman is a great man Excellence in the role of a man with a painful relationship with his father, who feels that the world is broken because of the insecurity and clumsiness of his brother. Marisotomi is still impressive and sexy. Impressive, beautiful body. The intense conclusion shows that the world is a really evil place. My score is seven. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Antes Que o Diabo Saiba Que VocêEstá Morto" ("Before the devil knows you are dead")
