The Bible teaches that money love is the foundation of all evil. Love money leads to greed, which can lead to pride and will eventually be destroyed. Andy and Hank, two brothers, will find out how much money love will make them fall in love with them. <br /> <br /> Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoo Koffman) and Hank, his brother Will be more different It seems that Andy will enjoy the success of working in the New York property market and marrying his beautiful wife. Gina (Marisa Tomei), which is the idea of ​​a wife who has won if it exists. Hank, however, is a divorced person who finds herself at the mercy of his ex-wife, the expenses of his daughter's expensive school, and endless child support payments. A person who has good meaning and good intentions. Hank. No one is able to escape the water that he slowly lifted up over his head. > However, Andy has his own The problem with the only difference between him and his brother is that he hides it better. He has committed corruption to his company and has contributed greatly to drug use to escape fear. The pressure in his life and the lies he wanted to appear at this time caused him to miss the escape from the country with Gina to start again. Of course, like Hank, he needs money to do this and believe that he knows how to get it? By robbing the jewelry store that their parents owned and operated This betrayal is where the Hanson brothers, their families, and many other lives will be destroyed because of greed, pride and fear. <br /> <br /> The uniqueness of the devil. Will know that you're dead After the theft occurred and Nanette Hanson (Rosemary Harris), the mother of both Andy and Hank, was killed. The story was told from various perspectives in the days before and after the robbery attempt. We learn more about Andy's motivation and not just hangs. But including reactions to Charles Father (Albert Finney) on the death of his wife The relationship between Charles and his two sons, especially Andy, is explored and another possible inspiration for the discovery after revealing that there is love between two men. Nanette may have been A deep love from her son But their father is a different story. <br /> <br /> Philip Seymour Hoffman once again proved why he was one of the most impressive actors in Hollywood today. Greedy criminals who lack morality But on the other hand, we can sympathize with other people. Ethan Hawk also makes Hank still alive, not just But is a loser But in fact, as a person who wants to hang with the little things he has left, Andy and Hank are made alive in a way that is really easy to think of them. He's not just a character. But it is the true image of a lost and confused man who now finds himself confronted with the consequences of the action Our actions lead to the consequences that we may not expect to face. Moreover, our choices can also affect people around us in ways that we have never expected before. In what should be the best image of the year, how can we see how life is easily broken when love and money become the final quest to alleviate our suffering? Or there is no answer to our problems easily and trying to find it will make things worse. <br /> <br /> 10/10
