The full name of this movie is 'May you be in heaven for half an hour before the demon knows that you are dead' rewording of the old Irish bread 'Wish you have food and soft pillow clothes for your head; May you be in heaven 40 years before the demon knows that you are dead. 'The first screenwriter, Kelly Masterson (with some modifications by director Sidney Lumet), composed a melodrama that explores how the family is divided. When external forces propel members to extremes that are unthinkable In this film, the audience is allowed to witness the gradual explosion. But almost complete family use But here is a very appropriate management of backward / flash techniques ahead of the narrative. By presenting the different advantages of each character about the central events that pushed this story, it is quite harrowing. We see all the motivations of the players in the case of this robbery. br /> Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is a wealthy executive, married to Gina (Marisa Tomei) who has mood swings and addicted to drugs. His life began to collapse and he needed money. Andy is doing well. Brother Hank (Ethan Hawk) is living in the ruins - he is divorced from his wife, Martha (Amy Ryan). His shrewd wife is behind in raising. And raising children And he needs money Andy offers a low theft of the mother jewelry store and a small pop mall that promises to be safe and fast for both. The mistake is the story of the jewelry belonging to the parents of men - Charles (Albert Finney) and Nanette (Rosemary Harris). Andy goes ahead with the cash and makes a deal with Hank to make a real robbery. But Hank agreed with the plan 'failed'. He hired a friend to actually work while Hank planned to be a driver. The robbery was not complete when Nanette handed the document to the clerk. General shot the robbers and was shot into the mess. The Holocaust revealed many secrets about the fragile relationship of the family and when Nanette died, Charles and Andy and Hank. (And their partners) were pushed to the end of every disaster. <br /> <br /> Each actor in a strong movie But with this emotional emotion, giving a great performance, and as we expect from Hoffman, Hawke, Tomei, Finney, Ryan and Harris, it is a wise hand, the direction from Sidney Lumet that makes this movie powerful. May forget Not easy to watch But it is a movie that helps to show courage that requires our respect as a movie that reminds us how many families are fragile. Grady Harp
