I have to admit that I have doubts about this movie before I watch. The main reason is because it is compared to the movie Hitchcock. I have seen many movies that are said to have been inspired by Hitchcock or may be their own 'Master of Suspense'. This can be tested at the time. In my opinion, Hitchcock has become a household name that is too easy to promote thrillers (cheap) but on the other hand I have to admit that I know Was amazed because it was a European movie Usually a large Hollywood studio that likes to use the name Hitchcock in the wrong way if it can increase revenue. But this movie was created in one of the most popular European countries ever, and I'm sure most French people would rather die than accepting that their movies were inspired by British That's why I decided to try this movie and I must say that I'm glad I made <br /> "Sur mes lèvres" or "read my lips" as it is called in English. The story of a young secretary named Carla She is a diligent and honest employee. But her colleagues never appreciated This involves the fact that she suffers from hearing impairment, which has refused to allow her to climb on the company hierarchy stairs, but when she is allowed to hire trainees who can work for her all. This is going to change Paul Angeli to be a 25 year old prisoner and completely unskilled. The man is a thief. But Carla gave him a chance and protected him when needed She hopes to teach him what normal life should look like. But at the same time, he dragged her and his old life ... <br /> <br /> Because I still believe Hitchcock's name is used too often. To explain the great thriller - which is the movie of course - I will not make a comparison between director Hitchcock and Jacques Audiard. The truth is that this guy did very well with this movie. I have never heard him before. But it is true that he knows how to create doubts and how to keep you interested from beginning to end There are many things that are related to good and original stories. I wonder if there are some people in Hollywood who used to think about using a woman with a disability in a powerful role instead of making her an insulting husband. (You know the general story of TV movies) <br /> <br /> What should be noted is that in this film, Vincent Cassel is very famous, but Emmanuelle Devos is a complete puzzle for me. There is nothing attractive about their role. But both of them work very well with the characters, making them feel very reliable and realistic. Paul is probably the toughest person out of prison and Carla is a useless woman. But thanks to their performances, you really believe that this is two strong people who both have bad luck in life. But who will make the best <br /> <br /> All of this is a powerful movie with a good chapter and a great performance. Despite the fact that I have doubts about this, I became one of the greatest admirers. I give this movie 8/10. Don't hesitate to try it.
