I began to see a very consistent pattern in the 2007 film's identity. If 2004 was the year of biography and 2005 was the year of political movies, 2007 could be identified as a year with many moral stories. Challenging images and questions about human morality and motivation that allow us to do certain things, although this identification is quite wide. But I think there are a few movies released this year, such as 3:10 to Yuma, Eastern Promises, American gangs, no country for old men and others who ask and study human morals and Motivation that drives us to act like violence or betrayal Before the demon knows that you are dead, it is a morally stylish and somewhat dark, gloomy and depressing episode. And more than that is the fact that it came from one of the best superintendent forces of our time. The legendary Sidney Lumet, who many said had already passed his great time <br /> It was one of the movies that had a very thick story and was not willing to talk about the details. It is the happiest movie if it comes without having any prior knowledge of the events that will unfold because of twists and turns. But the thick and highly accepted plot is not at the center of the film. The real focus is the story that mentions morality. The motivation that pushed these two men to the actions they did in the movie In a plot with the same structure as the combination of both Coen Brothers (Blood Simple and Fargo) and Quentin Tarantino, we saw two men driving under a shady situation to pull off a fairly simple crime. Rewarded with full power and an inevitable tragedy And to make it more interesting, the film is told in a scattered event that keeps track of and displays events according to different characters every time and often ends where it has been left for a time. Finally, hot, sharp, thick, and depressing, Kelly Masterson's screenplay is surprising and well rounded, especially because it is an opening movie. <br /> <br /> Significant film is over, it's very scary. And the plot is quite depressing First and foremost, the picture will look and feel outstandingly outstanding. Sidney Lumet has throughout his career the continuous use of film styles and interesting lighting: natural and stylish at the same time. This film has a distinctive style and class, with wonderful natural light that looks really good. Editing is the most important thing. Combining thriller and thriller perspective with drama that takes a long time, which takes time to convey the action And the camera angles and bright and lively movements will add style to you. This film is supported by a great musical score by Carter Burwell. <br /> <br /> The screenplay serves as a part and, of course, Lumet takes part in him. But at the theater center of this film is a good actor, three people. Good performance. First, there are both leaders The leading actors are Philip Seymour Hoffman, who is an excellent actor. But stumbled upon the status of a new leader after he won an Oscar in Capote. His eyes on this film were interesting: there were bugs, manic fractures Hoffman has a truly intense scene in the film that allows his extreme anger to come out, not just his intelligence and intelligence. On his side is Ethan Hawk, who has performed great performances in many movies that are often obscured by great and formidable actors. Here he bounced out of Hoffman and filled him incredibly well; Overall, the powerful acting between the two is amazing and very reliable. The audience loses characters quickly and forget that the characters look. Then have Albert Finney The gentle and luxurious support role, just as he wants to be a professional, experienced and here, Finney delivers the most wonderful work in many years, while the father who is miserable to the sibling brothers. With crime I like the changes between the three people playing together. I like Hoffman clearly being an outstanding and merciless brother to his brother, even though they are now middle-aged men. And yet, it is clear that Finney's father has supported Hawke's younger brother. In addition, both actors support female characters? The wife of the brothers ?? In addition, there are great performances from Amy Ryan and Marisa Tomei that look better over the years. <br /> <br /> This film is not revolutionary. These themes and styles have been explored by the likes of The Coen Brothers and it's easy to imagine that they directed this movie. But for movies that walk on familiar ground, it's great. Lumet uses his own great director talent and uses a very unique and delicate feeling of coolness and style for the vibrant Masterson. Violent and depressing in the first screenplay The show is incredibly violent and the film has an absolutely wonderful opening from Hoffman, Hawke and Finney; But the real greatest miracle of the film is three years after he received the Lifetime Achievement Oscar award, the symbol of the highest level of retirement in the film business. Sidney Lumet proved that he still has great talent. big A movie that is reminiscent of his golden age.
