Sydney Lumet has not yet been screened at the box office in 20 years, but 83 can create a thrilling thriller that stands in New York City. (The way he is guaranteed only the budget after all those flops is a mystery as well) The story is scary and the characters are not particularly fond. But it put me on the edge of my seat until the final scene. <br /> <br /> Two brothers who have urgent financial problems to rob a suburban jewelry store. Belonging to elderly parents The only victim will be an insurance company, robbery and two people die. Most movies are related to the consequences. That action is not a straight line and is viewed from a different perspective of the main character. But not difficult to follow What makes exercise an easy thing? How do brothers and sisters join? Have a clue? The brother who is the child of the family is the father's favorite, while the brother seems to be carrying many bags about his relationship with his father and vice versa. But hardly thinks he has become a heroin used by the embezzler murderer. <br /> <br /> As a planning brother, Philip Seymour Hoffman is the movie's ruler. But he was well supported by Ethan Hawke as a brother who was bullied and not enough Albert Finney as their father seemed to be in a state of rage Marisa Tomi is the brother of an older brother at the age of 42, showing the sexiest acting I've seen for many years. This film begins with an explosion. But we live out of that comfort zone quite quickly. <br /> <br /> I don't know the origin of this story for the first time writing Kelly Masterton, but I wonder if Lumet's wonderful Lumet 70's movie Dog Day Afternoon "It depends on reality ?? It is too stupid to not be true. Lumet is only the last person in the studio. The old, skilled craftsman with a great speed can take everything in front of them. Some great movies have been produced, like classic turkeys. Is this not the classic of both arrangements? It is a perfect entertainment. It may make you feel lucky that you are not a member of an incomplete family like this family. But still wondering how they are We know that parents are happy. But we saw very little mother and heard about her very little. It was impossible to accept her relationship with the boy. (There are also daughters that seem to be repetitive). Like Tolstoy, we must conclude that "Each unhappy family is happy in their own way"
