It's a really exciting crime !! My wife and I saw this at the Toronto International Film Festival last week and it was the best movie in the big festival. It was my second favorite movie of all time, after DR STRANGELOVE and I was absolutely high on emotion. As I walked home and talked about this with my wife, <br /> <br /> I don't want to. To destroy this plot The conclusion that I felt comfortable sharing was that two brothers, who were represented by Phillip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke, were planning to rob a jewelry store in Westchester, New York. The movie bounced back and forth for about two weeks. (Before, during and after the robbery) and one important scene were repeated at least three times As usual, it may interfere with the movie's momentum. But never happened during this masterpiece The excitement, tension, and even the quality of the performance seemed to be better when the movie went. At the end I was on the edge of the seat waiting unceasingly to see how it would end. I know I used to use ancient ideas in this post. But I'm on the edge of my seat I should mention that the non-linear story is quite easy to follow. This is not the type of movie that you will hear members of the audience. Ask their friends to explain the story in the movie. <br /> <br /> The performance is great all around and I wonder if I will have. Appreciate in this film if the casting is not perfect. There was a slight complaint that Hoffman and Hawk didn't look like brothers. But that's a small matter that I can easily overlook. Hoffman is one of his best, and some of his scenes with Hawke's are good things Marisa Tomei (as Hoffman's wife) and Albert Finney. Jersey (As Hoffman and Hawk's father) also played a good role as well. Even though the hijacking is sometimes impressive, I still remember all the words, gestures and facial expressions of Brian O'Byrne and Michael Shannon? Absolute perfection The robbery scene gives a real feeling more than any other robbery scene I've watched, and I felt the same accuracy in most scenes, especially the scenes with Hoffman. The song helps to strengthen the tension in the film. Often the same note plays very effectively. I have music playing in my head the next day, even when I sit and watch other movies. In addition to my minor complaints at the beginning of this paragraph, there is still one plan that makes you feel unbelievable. (The main spoiler, so I can't explain the scene.) Otherwise, this movie is quite close to perfection. <br /> <br /> There are about ten great movies that I will enjoy watching. second time But before the demon knows that you are in a league of its own. As director Sidney Lumet spoke in front of the film and he introduced Marisa Tomei and Ethan Hawke on the stage. Tomi didn't say and she was a little shy. "Do you believe that some people are very beautiful? The comments are quite ridiculous when considering the opening scenes !!
