Two unusual brothers (Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke) bored with the sudden big competition and who is the father (Albert Finney) loves more, so they plan Shop so they can clear their debts and start new Sounds like a great plan, except that this is a 70s style melody that is suspicious about the wrong robbery and the boys actually do things that are wrong here. Composed by screenwriter Kelly Masterson and performed by classic Sidney Lumet director "Before the Devil Knows You're Dead Dead" uses a robbery as McGuffin to delve deeper into the family drama <br /> <br /> Contrary to popular belief, Sidney Lumet was not dead. At the age of 83, he clearly agreed with the devil to deliver the final movie. Lumet was at his peak in 1970 with a movie like "Dog Day Afternoon". "Serpico" and one in "Forever", he can create a movie that demonstrates his classic identity while incorporating more modern elements. (Graphics of sex, violence and playing with the time frame and POV perspective) in support. Who can hope that some modern people? (Like Scorsese or Spielberg) that emerged in the same decade. Lumet is at the top of his game. There will be so many chutzpah when they reach that age. <br /> <br /> Lumet is Who controls the direction of people who walk through gaps to create tension and develop characters When the actors walked through the Manhattan office and the neatly appointed apartments, his slow-moving camera would create a clear concern because we never knew who would be near the corner of the room. Surprisingly, the way Lumet took advantage of multiple POV models and changing the time frame The consistent and classic presentation that he used to make movies with the similar structure of Christopher Nolan and Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu looks like an amateur hour. Of course, the best thing that Lumet is is to direct the great actors and trick them. are Acting within one inch of their lives, Philip Seymour Hoffman never had before and it is very likely that he will not be better than he is here. The portrait of Albert Finney's silent betrayal and at the end of his rope is a remarkable masterpiece. Ethan Hawk, usually a boy who is not cute, is perfect as an emotionally disabled brother who has fascinated him and his appearance for too long. However, the coup-de-grace was an ongoing scene between Hoffman and Marisa Tomei, as surprisingly as his wife. Lumet led them through a range of emotions that reached the top of the scene. The best of the genre, from William Holden, mocking Beatrice straight into the Best Supporting, the best actress in the "network" <br /> <br /> The demon of every great movie is in the details from the knock. Albert Finney's car that will not shut down due to the bumper fender to the look of Amy Ryan "Gone Baby Gone") for her husband, former husband Ethan Hawk, to contract His three young women knew that he would not keep it with a family that had systematically plowed, claiming (my favorite line was hilarious threatening "Do You Think I Called You Chico?") In order to score Carter Burwell's excellent "Before the Devil Knows You Are Dead" is the movie of the year. If what appears to be the best, then we know that a few other proposals have to get a broker with Old Scratch.
