French film directors are still surprised by their special abilities in simulating the images and sounds of everyday life in the suburbs. This is clearly evident with the launch in early 2002 of L'Emploi du temps (Time Out), the study of the great characters of white-collar workers who descended into grief after being fired from work. As a French filmmaker, many scenes were filmed in the streets and in public places, making the cinema feel the story, but L'Emploi du temps has an elegant look with the camera's functionality. Excellent (The most striking is the Swiss retreat.) Fairly working on the heels of a movie that is proficient is another impressive production of France. Acts like Sur mes levres (Read My Lips). Actually, tagging this movie, the crime jumped stunned. It was damaged because it was more than that. As with the previous French launch, it was the study of the important characters of marginalized people, using their ways to move forward in a society that turned their backs on a construction company in Paris. Carla, a shy young woman sitting at the desk, separates herself into the office, which is a major pathway to Xerox machines and bathrooms. <br /> <br /> A pleasant colleague. Usually use the front At Carla's table to discuss and shorten their half-finished foam coffee cups Some deaf ears, Carla will open and close the hearing aid if the noise disturbs the mind, whether it is the murmur of the copier or the shrill sounds of a baby friend. When her boss called her into the office to advise her to hire a secretary to help her work hard, Carla feared that she might be unemployed. At the recruitment office, Carla shows the requirements she needs for her assistant (should be male) as if she were at a private agency. He should be 25 years old and clean with computer skills and document submission. extensive When the agency sent an unfriendly person to look scary, Carla was both shocking and interested. They left the office and had lunch at a local restaurant where Carla interviewed her prospective assistant. When she realized that he had just left prison, Carla initially didn't want Paul. But there was a change of mind and hired him Although she is generally kind to her assistants, Carla now finds herself in a position of authority and possesses a new sense of power. Paul learned quickly and became a talented person. Carla helps Paul find a temporary address and lives with him when his parole officer appears at the office one day, wondering why Paul missed his appointment. During the lunch break, Carla informs Paul of the hearing impaired and reveals the ability to read the lips. Later, when the stunned associates took over the project, Carla blatantly carla, asking Paul for help in seeking revenge for the man. From here in Sur mes, Levres became a more serious crime drama, which resulted in the most intense graphic scenes that appeared on the screen in recent years. The movie script lends the most distinctive elements from Hitchcock, REAR WINDOW, which has the ability to read Carla's lips into full play using binoculars. There was another sexual urge between the two protagonists that caused homage to the North West. But is working because of the sexual heat created slowly between the two stars Which was said that one thing that went from this movie was not very similar to the classic Hitchcock thriller, although those elements are definitely But the prevailing view of the modern city (In this case, Paris) where life works The boundaries from ordinary work days to the luxurious nightlife that sex, drugs and money laundered infiltrate the lives of many characters. Unlike Hollywood productions, this is a suspense yarn that people look like men and women every day on the road where the punches in front of the face or the legs appear to sound like a thunderous noise and where the work is. Must be afraid it is Hitchcock by removing the gloves
