"The Blob" qualifies as a sci-fi movie not only to debut 27-year-old Steve McQueen on the path to the star But also taking advantage of popular themes, including alien invasion and the misdemeanors of adolescents that were inseparable in the 1950s. Interestingly, none of Kay Linaker & Theodore Simonson who had previously mentioned Proto The red-red cytoplasm that sank to the earth in a meteorite and harmed everyone in the small town of Downingtown Pennsylvania on Friday night. Steve McQueen received the role of Josh Randall, an old West Bounty hunter in "Wanted: Dead or Alive" after Producer Dick Dickell saw the debut of Paramount Pictures. Meanwhile, Aneta Corsaut, McQueen's attractive girlfriend, starred alongside Andy Griffith in "The Andy Griffith Show" as Helen Crump, Sheriff Taylor's sheriff school teacher. Both McQueen and Corsaut are not teenagers. But there was not really a teenager who played real teenagers. Director Irvin S. Yeaworth Jr. released the movie "The Blob". Linaker & Simonson's screenplay synthesized four genres: the first, alien invasion. Second, the perpetrators of adolescents; Three mysteries, murders and the fourth; Horror fridge Moreover, while melamine compounds have various shapes In other words, this bar, Jell-O, does not speak or communicate with telepathy. But it killed without qualm and discriminated against. The tone of "The Blob" is quite serious despite its appearance. <br /> <br /> When the creator points to the Criterion DVD released "The Blob "This movie opens up bizarre. Horror movies, horror stories, fi with our hero and heroine in a remote location in the countryside that made and kissed Jane (Anita Corsaut) and Steve (Steve McQueen), saw a large meteorite falling to the ground and drove out to find it. At the same time, the old man discovered a meteor and stabbed with a cane. The meteor was opened and the goop bunch was flowing when the old timer (Olin Howland of "The Paleface") looked closer. The goop would stick to his hand. The old man screamed out of the crater and Steve almost hit him with his buzzing voice. Steve and Jane picked up the young man and brought him to see Dr. Hallen in the city <br /> <br /> Hallen is ready to leave town to see a doctor when Steve and Jane bring an old man to his office. Hallen calls his nurse back because of him. May have to cut the limbs Of course, Holen had never seen anything like this before on a man's arm. Hallen sent Steve and Jane to find out what had happened. Our hero ran into another group of teenagers who ridiculed Steve's fast driving. Steve Fools drove back to race. But local police chief Dave (Earl Row) released him from the hook. Steve and the teen visited the crater and found a warm meteorite. After they visited the old man's home and helped the dogs, the teenagers split up to watch the movie late at night, while Steve and Jane returned to Dr.'s office. Halen during that time, dropping that old, absorbing old people, killing Halen's nurses and attacking doctors The acid that was thrown on the protoplasm and Hallen's shotgun had no effect on the drops. Steve caught a glimpse of Hallen that absorbed Hallen when Steve and Jane went to the police department to report the incident. Dave was unlikely. Honestly believed while Sergeant (John Benson) believes it is a joke. Bert has an ax that will crush the teenager because his wife died when a car crashed. <br /> <br /> Steve and Jane take them to Hallen's office, but they can't hide or carry anyone's hair. OK But Dave admits The office has been destroyed with Sgt. Bert Dave's advice turns the teenager into a related parent. Soon, Steve and Jane tricked their people into believing that they slept on the bed more than they would go out again. They drove into the city and saw the old man's dog fleeing from them in front of the supermarket. When they went to retrieve the mutt, Steve stepped into the front door of the grocery store and opened up. They found that no one was inside. But they found drops Steve and Jane refuge in the freezer and the drops don't attack them. Later, after they escaped, Steve persuaded the teenager to challenge him in a road race to warn the authorities because he should stay at home on the bed. Police chief Dave and the fire department arrived at the supermarket. Steve tried to convince Dave that the drops were in the store. During that time, he killed the screeners and attacked the audience. Suddenly, the crowd left the theater and Dave believed Steve. Steve and Jane wind up at the lunch counter The owner and our hero drilled into the basement and Steve found that the fire extinguishers with the content that strengthened the forces drove away. <br /> <br /> The officers gathered all the extinguishers in the city and managed to freeze the cube. The Pentagon sent the team down to send drops to the North Pole. While the remains of the drops drip into the ice cube, the last credit pole appears with a terrifying question mark. Producer James B. Harris received the military image of the world's military prototype transport aircraft, the parachute holder and the cargo. <br /> <br /> "The Blob" has been proven to be popular in market This movie adds momentum. This little horror movie is not scary, but if Yeaworth and his creators create paranoia and sympathy for our heroes, unless you are children and youth. They never show that the droplet drops to swallow their prey and leave this to your imagination. So "The Blob" is not merciless.
