I watched for the first time many years ago in the Sicilian TV channel now. Amazing. This movie became an expensive DVD from the criteria: not sure what I did at first. (Despite religious status over the years Not to buy? As I do with similar things, and for me, an unfamiliar companion without a face (1958). However, recently I managed to get THE BLOB via a copy of Spanish DVD, which is interesting. Roxy Sound commented on two chapters from Criterion "Special Edition". Unfortunately, I can't close the Spanish subtitles between Play the main features! However, when looking at this film, I was very surprised that I enjoyed it a lot. (Although there are many shortcomings that I will continue later) ?? Is a true example of harmony, 'B movie' (wrong color shot is a pleasant color) and a time capsule showing social attitudes. In the late 1950s, the male lead was Steve's first role (n) McQueen and although the actor May look later with disgust His only sponsor of this type proved to be fair participation: do not mind the youth kicking. Which is more important than other altruistic children Special effects that show the flowing and expanding creatures are not worse than the type and duration of it. The movie itself is up to the highest point. Good ?? Beginning with the invasion of the monster's cinema (show DAUGHTER OF HORROR [1953/7] as I mentioned recently in the film's consideration But there is a strange 'flip' screening and sequence which accidentally gives priority to opening the program. Actually, it is called "Blob"!) As a little quibbles are acceptable. I have a movie: no monsters. Have shown the trip? It appeared in a variety of places, never seen! There is more chaos - emphasis (as well as vice) in the debate of children with the police; Is it stupid to have a city doctor shoot at The Blob ?? As if the liquid, regardless of its proportion, would be destroyed by ammunition! Equally ridiculous is to let the teenager alert the townspeople about the danger by visiting door-to-door visits (especially when considering that only McQueen saw the monster)! The inferior sequel occurred in 1972, named BEWARE THE BLOB !; The original was reworked in 1988. I watched this thing recently. But doesn't seem to impress me (Although I know that Micheal Elliott likes it) For this record, I will follow this watch with a double collaboration between director Yeaworth and producer Jack H. Harris, 4D 4D (1959) and DINOSAURUS! (1960).
