Movies such as Chocolat, Beau Travail and others have pushed French director Claire Denis to the highest level of the world's most prominent and successful filmmakers and the movie The Intruder (L ' Intrus) In 2004, the movie poem that depicts the emotions of loneliness and perpetual loss. This film shows the mind of a man that is both physically and physically violent. And those who travel to different parts of the world to find redemption and peace. Jean-Luc Nancy, a narrow-minded person, received an unofficial heart transplant. Of such stamina, which, even after having been viewed twice, is difficult to explain other than subjective. Trebor (Michael Subor) is a man in his seventies who is dying. And heart disease, as well as professor in the wild strawberries of Ingmar Bergman trying to come to terms with mistakes in his life, as he has time. Obviously he has a strong physical strength and wealth. But seems to be exhausted and his face is one of the quiet resignation Although we saw only one violent incident, he got up from the bed in the middle of the night to kill the intruder. But there was a terrible feeling about him He may be an intelligence officer, a foreign agent or a killer. <br /> <br /> In any case, he seems to be under surveillance and acting like a person involved in criminal acts and is Only now can see the consequences Face-up close-ups throughout the movie create a lonely feeling. He lived with his dog in a cottage in the Jura Mountains near the French-Swiss border and had a separate son, Sidney (Gregoire Collin), who had been abandoned for a long time. Sidney lived close to his wife Antoinette. (Florence Loiret-Caille) and their two children In one scene, he meets his father on the street and calls him crazy. But that does not prevent him from taking his money. <br /> <br /> When the film opens, we meet Antoinette, a Swiss border guard who takes a van with a dog trained to smell. contraband When she returned home, she was greeted by her husband and asked her with a tongue on the cheek if she had "Things to declare" In addition to these three people, people and situations we see during the rest of the movie may only exist in Louis' imagination. Louis had three women in his life and we met them all in the first half hour of the movie: a pharmacist (Bambou) who prepared a neighbor's drug (Béatrice Dalle), a dog breeder who refused to take care of his dog when he goes Went out to tell him that they were crazy like him and the Russian organ dealer (Katia Golubeva), which he said he wanted "The heart of a young man" <br /> <br /> Unceasingly she stumbles. Throughout the movie But it is only his thoughts In the final part of the movie, Louise travels to South Korea to search for a heart transplant and Tahiti to send gifts to other sons whom he has not seen for years or may have never seen before. However, his heart transplant seems to be a metaphor for a man without a heart that has a fascinating life. But in the end, there was no direction by invading into the lives of others with little real attention. The Intruder has a guitar soundtrack that is haunted by Stuart Staples of the Tindersticks, reminiscent of Dead Man's guitar. Of Jim Jarmusch and the beautiful movie by Denis Agnes Godard. Normal <br /> <br /> Godard creates memorable images that convey Emotions of desire and regret: the heart beats alone in the snow. The baby in the sling looks up to his father for two minutes. The baby's face gradually changes from a bad mood to a half-beam of color that blows from a parallel ship. new Massage in the dark room by a mysterious Korean masseur and the vast ocean that can be seen from the floating deck. While the invaders can be destroyed because of the oval nature, Denis forces us to respond from our own experience to understand the image on the screen at a personal level. If there are any topics, there may be a hint in the box that tells us what's being revealed in the movie - "Your worst enemy is hiding in the shadows in your heart."
