What I do at our local festivals that people will see me often, they think that I am a better source than I have ever actually started with shaking head: "Well, I can't summarize the plot. Can Studying the great character of a terrifying man. "Then, a little shyness, I ran into someone who knew what was really going down. That was from Trebor who had unwittingly received his new heart. It will be my last movie on a long and half day festival. Maybe i'm confused Better movies are more likely to stimulate daydreams that really send me dreams. Didn't know that O'Henry's rotation was more than I could do when I finished? And knowing that it relates to the heart, so finding a hilarious, quiet talent. Observing the loss of my plot involves the complexity of the connection of Trebor in France. His relationship with women, dogs and others What I awake Denis almost looked at details that could be attached to the actions of other directors. <br /> <br /> But I write these things too often from memories, especially the film festival, the movie I don't have. The DVD is in the hand (Le Lait de la tendresse humaine is one of many examples) and the plot fades faster than the wider display. Even then, at that time, L'Inrus, in my memory, was too much to study the character of the dark superman, the fabulous character that was not in the genre or historical value. But use and have reason Yes among us Scar when he achieves it, makes him clear that in the monster picture, Frankenstein mixes the mad doctor and creation all in one place. The real doctor is his tool. If he didn't separate and install his own heart, that's because it's impossible. He is always powerful, a parasite that consumes everyone he touches and eventually himself. What is he In suggesting that he is us, the first and third world is too simple because he doesn't pay attention to all of his friends in our world. <br /> <br /> Denise's eyes. - When looking at what I know - go to normal, I should trust you when you look at things I don't know. Trekking, snowing, cycling too fast and the darkness in the forest, I know in many ways, but the South Sea can't go. I went to L'Intrus better than both France and the completed crystal island rather than into Beau. L'Intrus for me is a film that is not comfortable. It is a sequence of places that show familiarity with intimacy that makes us know whether or not we see the truth. The only figure riding his large weight Trebor bike on some racing frames of violent air and screaming tires. Evergreen asphalt ribbons that are sunny in the dark and bright make me that this movie will be a straight line to the road. The only driving force. <br /> <br /> Despite Trebor's personal power, he is a failed human being. No matter who he is with, he is alone. But it seems that he is not always there His body canceled his life two times before having a new heart. Despite having it, L'Intrus was a tragic tragedy. <br /> <br /> I was scary to go in what I remember. Let it be like that
