Sammo Hung's tricycle driver in 1989 was praised by many people as his masterpiece. I have to admit to a certain extent that this film, in the greatest part, will receive the incredible and wonderful things that Hong Kong movies used to have. It is a combination of cute characters and well written, interesting and sympathetic characters. (And that is not sympathetic) truly funny humor and exaggerated kung fu that guarantees to make the jaw drop when someone is not familiar With Hong Kong cinemas, watching movies as well as doing with unique industry veteran. <br /> <br /> Sammo and Max Mok Siu Chung play two tricycle drivers living in Hong Kong in the middle. of In the last century I thought They drive a taxi and want love as well. Sammo is interested in Ping, a local Baker girl (Nina Li Chi). While Max, one day, meets Fennie Yuen Kit-Ying, mysterious and beautiful, he falls in love with the most. Many other characters have been introduced as well, and they are still clear at all times if the audience is focused on the movie and the plot. So, I can't say that this movie caused a lot of confusion. Pine For example, we will soon realize that the cruel gangsters are threatening the neighborhood, and of course their violent actions also affect our protagonists. Incredible Including the cute drama <br /> <br /> This movie has a great actor All the actors are very good and cannot be controlled. (Not too impressive to show and "humor" like in Samo's great Condos Eastern Eastern (1987)) and they thank the script carefully. To identify with The actors are composed of many familiar Hong Kong cinemas and directors in small roles such as Corey Yuen Kwai (legendary action director and film director, such as Savior of the Soul 1 and 2, Ninja in Dragon Cave and Fong Sai Yuk 1 and 2) Good composer Lowell Lo Koon-Ting (killer school and John Wu of Ringo Lam in the fire and prison on fire among others, including people Drive a tricycle!) Veteran Shaw Liu Qian Liang Alfred Cheung Kin-Ting (Director of HK Noir classic On the Run from 1988) The great deceased Lam Ching Ying (better known as his friendship in the Hong Kong vampire horror film / Kung Fu / Comedy) to name Few people Actually, the actors in the Pedicab Driver are one of the most interesting things I have ever seen in other HK production. <br /> <br /> This film has a particularly interesting and peaceful moment. Even more about the love affair between Max Mok and Fennie. Standing and one of the crises they face, thanks to Lowell's character. They can do this seriously if they want to be conversations about human values ​​and the meaning of love, no matter what you do in the past or what you do to earn a living really seriously and effectively. Middle class This film was immediately recognized more than our average kung fu spectator. The efforts of other characters to treat things are impressive and happily tell about interpersonal relationships and the right friendship and absolute love. I still think of what Fennie said to Max (about the future of "Cooking is not good") is not necessary and makes the potential of both groups and themes to be effectively reduced. Unfortunately, <br /> <br /> But then we will go. What the filmmakers are most interested in is action, outrageous actions and inappropriate actions. The fighting scenes include traditional kung fu, some wood, meat slicers and similar things, and they are used like crazy, like the kung fu scenes I've seen in all movies. Drunken Master II (1994) of Jackie Chan. Really great! There are wires and they use wisely and people fly to the opposite corner of the room when they are kicked or punched. Be thrilled with the things that only Hong Kong movies can deliver. In addition, dangerous stunts show viewers to hold his / her breath because the film has one fast car compared to chasing a tricycle and jumping that looks dangerous and distorted objects flying through the air and Crush Even so, the film makers don't seem to "accept" the violence of the movie, as Sam Mo is like Bruce Lee, the deceased, ready to give up after he was last physically abused at the hooligans' house and I think morale Like this It's a good thing, even in movies that are not as dangerous as this, because the cinema has more meaning than silly entertainment, whether it is clear or shallow. <br /> <br /> A joke that I'm not sure. That everyone in Hollywood or America (for example) will understand or dislike it, shut the Star Wars hilariously at the beginning, of course, among these, and it forces me to laugh when I realize things I see Some funny scenes were created from Sammo's passion for Ping. Even so, the laughter filled with the greatest surprise occurred during the scenes that appeared in the past, while the image of a tall and tall man flying through the screen to a wall or furniture. It's something crazy and amazing. I can't hide my feelings. Thinking about these East filmmakers when I saw something like this, and this is not anything other than positive and definite reactions. <br /> <br /> Tricycle driver is one of the action movies. The most remarkable of Hong Kong I've ever seen. And easily amid the greatest achievements of Sammo. If the slight flaws are not there, this can give you a brighter and higher score. 8/10
