It's a 1950s comedy that is gentle. Kim Novak is a witch in Manhattan. She spelled a spell with Jimmy, the neighbor steward from boredom. But eventually falls in love with him, losing her power See the witch allowed to have "hot blood" but not love. Elsa Lanchester is also Novak's aunt. Jack Lemmon is her brother too. Hermione Gong Gold is the witch's leader and Ernie Quins is Sydney Redlich, a writer who specializes in writing about witches. <br /> <br /> I explained that it was a joke in 50s because it may be difficult to understand Everything was smooth and polished, from the decoration to the wardrobe and the storyline to the show and direction. Playing as Ernie Kovacks, he called "Maui and Nuts" and this is how the film shows these characteristics. He asked for a second drink, and although he wore a jacket and tied like other gentlemen, his hair was quite long and messy. That was a strictly drunk version of the 1950s and nuts, nothing outside of the venue; Everything is neat and dust-free. The shoes of Jimmy Stewart's shoes are not scratched. <br /> <br /> And the constellation club that the witch had visited was called "low diving" but it was also a clean and dark place. Waiter, polite, group of musicians, customer groups, dress up and plant pots next to bare brick walls That's not my opinion or yours from "Low dive" - ​​not even for Greenwich Village in 1958. My idea of ​​diving in Greenwich Village is Julius's or White Horse or The San Remo or The Swing Rendezvous Lesbian Hangout The Zodiac Club Is a high level dive compared to these things. <br /> <br /> The cowardice that we have always heard is closed with today's standards. I mean, Kim Novak is very strange because she runs around her apartment with her bare feet. And she wore a lot of black clothes like Beatnik. At that time, <br /> <br /> but didn't mind It's a fun romantic comedy. Kim Novak is powerful as Gillian, a traditional art store. She is beautiful, strange, unwieldy and impersonal at the same time. She glides more than walking. Her eyebrows seemed painted with French plastic curves. And Jimmy Stewart is quite good as the victim is bewitched and bewitched In the 1930s, he often played softly in the post-war years, and in the 1950s he was a tortured protagonist. But here he has a good early experience in jokes. Who would resist laughing when Hermione Ginggong forced him to wear a shawl and drink nasty sewage to keep Novak's spell? It was good to see him as a stooge instead of being angry and upset in the principle that he was in danger of being Richard Quine directing the movie quietly without fireworks or special effects and doing something that was not interesting. Can have Observing the scene in which Novak drove the spell above Stewart, when the face and ears of the Siamese cat seemed to blend in with the shocking eyes of Novak. <br/> <br /> Ernie Coffs in 1950 was a television personality that Well known There has never been anything like The Ernie Kovacks Show before - or after. It brought the word "surrealism" to the mind. He could use the trick and could not explain for five minutes in a room without residents. There was only a concerto for the band. Bartok's orchestra only, and he painted a sketch that could not be reached by using the character of Percy Dovie, a weak poet. Credit the type of jumping over the Condoli brothers, but quite comfortable because these two people - Pete and Conte - are genius trumpeters and freelance professionals in the jazz band. After that, Conte became a member of the Doc Severison band on the show's line. Johnny Carson <br /> <br /> The third scene shows a little story and becomes "romantic" rather than "funny", but it's not boring. This film is neatly rolled like Van Druten's play, and children may be fired from the job as well.
