"Bell, Book and Candle" by John Van Druten is a delightful and unexpected fantasy about a modern witch witch who lives in New York City. Obviously it is an interesting movie feature. It is important for Gillian Holold to publish her previous books that forced lovers like Shepherd Henderson and her reckless family and circles, including confusing fiancees. Shep's, Merle Kittredge. It also has a Pyewacket, a cat that is familiar with the good miaows. Sidney Redlitch, a fake witch expert with hypocrisy and bad manners In short, seems to be a producer of it, perhaps magic box office. And it proved to be There are many things that are right about production. But there is only one component that is incomplete But I found that the rest was amusing, charming and constantly entertaining. Beginning with the screenplay by Daniel Taradash, still maintaining the best quality of good drama But opened the scene to include Greenwich Village and other areas of the New York scene Technical production is beautiful, along with the filming of the movie by James Wong Howe, which is a legend which is a good score of George Duning, which is a smarter scene by Louis Diage and the gowns of Jean Louis. The attraction is Wolfe Barzell, Howard McNear, Janice Rule. As Merle, Ernie Kovacs is Redlitch, Jack Lemmon as the mischievous brother of Gillia, the great comediennes Elsa Lanchester and Hermann Gingold as witches, witches and Kim Novak Gillian Jim. Mimi Stewart is an element Completeness in my judgment. He did well with his funny part. But he never believed as a New York book publisher and was somewhat too old for Henderson in any way, but director Richard Quin used the light to change the tempo and the unusual composition to indicate Tells the wacky part of the witch in the movie, making the other part bright but straightforward in the presentation The main crisis of the story in this movie occurred when, in fact, Gillian fell in love with Henderson, who didn't believe in witches at all. She started just to make him alienate from his fiancé, his college rival. Later, when Henderson tried to walk away, he came back to her - and realized he was under the spell as she tried to apologize to explain to him .. At the same time Sidney Redlich was right. Summoned by a spell that will come to New York to sell his books to Henderson Of course he didn't know anything about magic. But was quite puzzled and interested to find out why he came anywhere But Gillian's brother clarified him. Everyone came out at the end of this romantic statement when Gillian proved her love for Henderson by losing her power - which is what happened to the witches when they loved humans. Of course, he never wanted to resist her in any way. The film had its own dialogue, charm and "magic" in the charm of witches and torture that Gillian had to face in her fight with herself and for Win the heart of the person you love The lovely ending of this romantic and beautiful photo shoot makes it amazing, even though it's a fantasy. But it's nearing completion in my view Memorable memorable
