Drama Bell Books and candles are a favorite of adult actresses who have to do in the summer stock and travel on the road. One famous story told by director Harold J. Kennedy has Ginger Rogers insisting that William Marshall, who is her husband, who is not an actress, she and her. Marshall wore a wig, and when he walked through the doorway, his wig was nailed and behind the doorway as he walked on stage. <br /> <br /> The drama was converted into a color. beautiful The film is starring Kim Novak, James Stewart, Jack Lemmon, Elsa Lanchester, Hermoine Gingold, Ernie Kovacs and Janice Rule. It is a light entertainment about the witch witch that regularly appears. (Novak Lemmon and Lancaster) and the publisher (Stewart) who live in their buildings Most of their experts are Gillian, who emits a soft voice that likes to be normal. One night when Stewart was in her apartment, she used magic with Siamese cat Pyewacket and he fell in love with her. <br /> <br /> "Bell Book and Candle" was filmed in a charming scene. Repeating New York This movie is very fun. Jack Lemmon is very funny in supporting roles as Gillian's brother, a musician in witches and the Vedic constellation. He used his power to open and close the street lights and to open women from time to time. Janice Rule was perfect when Gillian's former rival, now rival Stewart and Ernie Kovacs, had a great turning point as a baroque Wrote a book about witches. Of course, Lanchester and Gingold are always great Is a suitable witch Emotional expression when it's appropriate and with that sound, incredible face and a beautiful wardrobe. Stewart in his final attack as a romantic lead actor, with Nova as a supporting character while he played at Vertigo and they created a powerful team. He gave warmth. She sent cold and they sparked together. Of course, in this regard, he has more elegance in "Vertigo", a charming movie, suitable for Sunday afternoons, good at Christmas. (Part of the Christmas season) and very good if you feel like smiling
