Once in a while, you will find movies that define your values ​​and show you the true depth of human emotions that make you exhausted. Vivah is just that? Maybe more after watching DDLJ, Saajan and Lamhey. I think Bollywood has reached its peak and will not happen to it at all - I've been wrong! I went to the store to buy groceries and decided to choose this movie with "Don" new (so I could compare The Great AB with ShahRukh even though there was a decision in my mind) after debating whether I should lose. For almost 3 hours in a meaningless movie, I decided to watch it without knowing that I had nothing to do anymore. When I saw the rank of U instead of A, I was happy that at least it was something I didn't have to watch. A woman with bad acting skills did nothing but dancing at every opportunity they had done and done. everything A guy to show that they have more sleeping skills than Hollywood B actors. In the first 5 minutes, I think I have to fall under the meaning again with a bad performance. After everyone who saw Shahid Kapor knew he had never earned a reputation as a successful actor, boy, am I wrong about this movie? This film attracted my attention after the first 5 minutes and will never be released. It's a great movie that has a good story about the lost tradition of our society. I like not only But the director is brave enough to create a movie that the new generation may not be related to the concept. (Of the wedding that was provided) but he also did confidently (It's the right thing) I don't know why some people think that acting is not good. I feel that the performance is excellent and even though the music score may not be considered the best ever. But it is still very good The good thing is that this song will grow with people who have the same time as I did with me after I watched that movie for the second time. Another good thing is that your music is not pushed into the script like we have seen in many movies. These songs tell the story as much as possible, and as a welcome addition to Ajay Devgan, turning from parody to a great actor (after Company) and Salman finds his groove after "Hum Aapkey Hain Kaun" This movie will help Shahid Kappor jump up to be a better actor and entertainer in Bollywood. This is his first film that I like him and his role. He has performed well and adapted to be a good child who looks good. Yes, you won't find him playing basketball and scoring every point. As you can see, ShahRukh in the DDLJ (although he showed that he was an Indian in England, the two countries didn't play basketball. A large ball) is a person who truly believes in his value. Amrita Rao is the first time that people have to remember. In her other films, she is competing with a great face that actually hinders her. No one knows that she is a really good actor until they watch this movie. Some scenes that she had to cry, especially at the end, showed her deep knowledge and acting. Although she is in another movie, she is most memorable in this movie. I think this movie will do and should do wonders for her. Move to Rani? Finally, there is another woman who, if there is a suitable opportunity to work with a good director, can grab the torch from you. She is beautiful with a great tone and has a face that shows complete innocence. Oh, almost 0% of body fat doesn't hurt anything. (Yes, my person will challenge you to find 0.1% fat that you and unlike other people like Sonali, you can also perform) Shahid and Amrita worked together well and their relationship was perfect for their character and they both worked great. (Although I waited for Shahid to turn into a girl like Salman, do it every time he says When I finished watching this movie, it made me upset until I decided to watch this movie again (immediately). Yes, immediately. I never did that. Not even with DDLJ, but this movie has something to be understood over and over again. I might watch this movie for the third time over the weekend so that I can watch and remember the traditions that we all grew up with. I miss those times that the family sat down and had fun. When parents have time for their children and that children respect what parents believe, I know that many people think that movies don't show real life. But we don't want it to happen Family, tradition, love and respect This is what this movie will remind us all. I assure you that it is a very well-made movie that you will enjoy. I'm sure some young people will not like this movie. But if you are over 28 years old, I wonder if you will be one of them.
