The best movie! Jiri Trnka, a puppet animation teacher, faces a dictator in his last film. It will be banned by the Czechoslovakian government of the Communist Party (at that time), despite being awarded the highest animation of the country. <br /> <br /> In the dark and fun short film, the artist Trying to create a new pot for his favorite things to grow. He created his work happily while dreaming that his plants would grow into beautiful roses Suddenly he knocked on the door and in every powerful giant hand trying to force the artist to create a statue of it. The artists resist as best they can. But he was eventually overwhelmed by continuous efforts by the hand to force him to follow He was brainwashed Intellectual zombies At this point, the hand attached to the artist puts him in a cage and uses him to create a hand sculpture. All the time honoring the work of artists and giving him medals. <br /> <br /> The inner ambition of an artist that can be freely expressed is what helps him win over cultivation and help him escape. Prison Whether it is a letter or in his heart and back to his home, now he must live in fear of the wrath of every powerful hand He closed with the thought that he was far from a great hand. But in the process that he put his tree and the pot up high, hoping that it would be away from his hand and it fell on his head, killing him, the artist was inevitably destroyed by his own creation All because of the constant fear he had to live with when he escaped from his hand. When dead, hand drawing artists as great people, national heroes Unfortunately, not in the situation or for the reason that the artist wanted to be remembered. <br /> <br /> The wrath of Trnka's authoritarian society and the lack of freedom of expression are dark and scary and lively It is not surprising that the government banned it because this is a kind of media that people appreciate and may even listen to. Apparently not acceptable An amazing example of artist disobedience and the potential impact. And still have relevance today for many parts of the world from the United States to the Middle East Must see and set 10 out of 10! Talk about going out with a bang!
