At first I didn't like this movie because it was Nazi swastika drama. But after buying it and watching it, it's not that bad. I heard many complaints about short numbers and Ilse Werner didn't sing. Now I understand. The radio program is the most propaganda radio show, Ilse, Johanne and Zara, including Rudy Shruki and bands like Kurt Widman and the orchestra and Fud Cantics ex cetera that have never appeared on radio programs, making singers and bands a pop band. Jazz and Swing Club Foot has rules for traveling in space for military use of shortwave radio for soldiers such as nightclubs and hotels in Berlin and Hamburg and recording sales That posture This is why Ilse was not allowed to sing in this picture. This will be created by a medium-sized music budget, making music in 1942, which she will show her whistling. But this is an excellent propaganda example. Inge and Eichhorn, her aunt, played by Ida Wust, went to the 1936 Olympics. Aunt forgot her ticket, so Inge had to wait until her aunt returned with a ticket. She met Carle Radditz, who played her. Robert, with additional tickets She went with him and it was the first love I found. They plan to get married. But the Spanish war came in the way, so he had to go to the assignment on the right side. Karl Ruddz, because many people complained that he was handsome and unusual when he made Opfergang and they took him with his skin. His own sun, which makes him look normal, you see the Nazi soldiers acting like a scene in which the butcher and his troops are in France and they steal pigs from the farm. And they are going to do lunch until their chiefs are advised to help the pig This reflects the extremism of the extremist animal rights of Adolphs. The character is now a meat soldier. This is a delicate idea to eat meat at the end of World War 11. Herbert is flying in a German plane. We shot a pilot to let Herbert take control. We shot his plane. They went wrong Unfortunately for us, who survived again, saw Nazi soldiers go to the Catholic church, bombing it, now laying Catholics down and Hubert's best hat played by Joachim Braneck started playing harmonica. The church was bombed more, the soldiers remained and played the organs that he had ordered to leave. We ended up hurting him. Propaganda message The Catholic Church's organs make him stick to it. Does it hurt him? At this time, Inge will be with her mother or grandmother, playing Hedwig Bleibteu, the only German actress who played Maria Holst's aunt in Weiner Blut. After that, came to a brief view of the radio program. This is not intended to be a song, such as Kora Terry, released in the same year as Rosen in Tirol. Their music and war should only be dropped behind. Most of them are romantic war movies. It's easy to shoot the pot in the movie. But in real life, many soldiers were forced to fight the cause of Nazi causes of work and the monthly wage they would receive. After the war many of the survivors would have to regret. This is a good classic swastika. The only problem is that today you have the skin of Neo Nazi and Nazi who watch the same movie to reflect Hitler's worship and them. They annoy websites that take advantage of these classic movies to raise money from their insanity. Be careful, mostly it is only classic direct hate. If their situation seems like they are happy, then the Nazi website then skips to. Go to the IHF or German war movie dot com, Amazon dot Dee or German video dot net. They are legitimate. 01/23/10 Mada The mistake is not Herbert's friend who was killed at the church. It was a friend of the character of Malte Yager Schartzscop.
