An excellent documentary, clearly related to the friendship and competition that followed between the west side of the retro rock band: The Dandy Warhols and Brian Jonestown Massacre. In fact, it became the image of a border psychologist. - Anton Newcomb - and his torture relationship with the rest of the world Interesting for music documentaries. There is no music at all. Things that are - snatching music more often than not being canceled by actors - something that happens more than the middle. Although the protagonist is a musician But that story is not about music. But it is a story about British legends about a particular American lifestyle cartoon, in which no one is responsible for acting like a spoiled teenager in full time. Tantrums, drugs, violence, unreasonable unusual attitudes, egomania at a truly epic level - all of this is an excuse or a positive support because it corresponds to some ideas that are organized. Which was shared with As this film is a first-class documentary But cause more questions than to answer For example, why is Anton's music so conservative? For someone who is fierce and outrageous (And he is ferocious and outrageous) His songs do not seem to progress beyond the most obvious proofs of his 60s idols (The Stones, Velvets and others) for those who claim to be able to play 80 musical instruments Used to pay attention to learning to play one person more than the most basic level Similarly, the burning ambition of Dandy Warhols is based on the vision of an amazing fossil rock'n'roll in 1969. Of course, there is nothing wrong with pastiches, but of course there is more musical life. Comic performances in the late 60s. Why don't they risk their music - in the example they do? Because one suspect is not about music Music is just an accessory, a pillar, or an excuse to bring an unusual and completely irresponsible life. But why, in the case of Dandy Warhols, the answer is clear: make money and have a great reputation. Obviously he is very talented. But every time he gets a chance to reach a wider audience, he sabotaged the most possible way. He was afraid of success and at the same time he was not happy with other people who had it - especially Dandy Warhols, his old friend. Interesting movies Highly recommended
