A documentary about two rock bands covering many years, Brian Jonestown, Massacre and Dandy Warhols. What makes it special is to examine complex contrasting characters and successes and failures. <br /> <br /> Anton Newcombe, the main man of Brian Jonestown Massacre, is widely recognized as a musical genius. His colleagues, colleagues and competitors at Dandy Warhols, but also the record producers and most people who work with him Sadly, he and the group members are not able to integrate into the real world. Newcombe chooses to fight with the band members on stage or with the audience members (captured at one point for a real fan club kick). Newcombe knows that there are no restrictions? He played different instruments between 40 and 100, wrote and produced all of BJM's songs, able to produce enough music to fill the entire album in one day, having a passion like a musician with his own talent. But still being a heavy drug user Flew through a little anger from his own artistic integrity, ordering his band members as if they had a lower life and able to blow the offer as soon as he could. BJM quickly passed through a number of record labels. They registered them as soon as they were aware of Newcombe's ability and let them go as soon as they knew he was totally uncontrollable. <br /> <br /> Warhols acknowledged their debt. He continued with Newcombe's creativity and didn't even put himself. The same noble sphere of greatness? But Warhols has something that BJM can't do? The ability to combine their abilities with common sense, the real world and their markets? As a mixed talent (Although most are distilled from Newcombe guru) and accessing them is a definition of 'cool'. Dig! Following the work of the two bands in parallel with increasing pain. At one point, Newcombe pulled stunts designed to create publicity by sending clear death threats and hate messages to Warhols (in the box. Which contains ammunition and curses like soap, soap to clean the action)? Only he forgot to tell them that it was a show of talent and that they were paranoid. They then banned Newcombe. By the time Dandy Warhols traveled to Europe with hit songs like 'Every Day Should AA Holiday' and 'Bohemian Like You' Newcombe became even more lonely. BJM stopped and the band stopped when they were arrested for possession. marijuana? Warhols was arrested for drugs at the same time, going out with a warning and allowing the grass to keep <br /> <br /> DiG's wider attractiveness! Is a lesson of genius compared to accessing more than two bands or even rock music The downside is that it is still a documentary. But intimately and it will attract attention from fans, dedicated movies or people who are interested in the music of one band or both. Only Newcombe may be a genius that is not very well known and has a premonition in this movie. But for the ears that are not taken care of, there is less than the confirmation of the people interviewed to confirm this In the words of one member: "In every way, your soul burns in hell because it pretends to be God and cannot be backed up." Newcombe does not pretend? But the numbers may not be enough to admire him during his own life and DiG! There was a strenuous battle to fix the balance in favor of the tortured genius. But mostly unknown
