I watched this movie along with Nine's complete family. Since my brother just got married, we were able to connect with behavior. This film stands out for the classic touch given to the couple's fiancee. Fortunately, this time, there were all places in India, such as Ranikhet Almora, which had been visited by most urban people and then increased the connection with the movie. The conversation is better in the episode "Umrao Jaan Ada", which is a movie that uses dialogue. Background music is increasing The "soft focus" of the movie reminds me of "Kareeb" by VV Chopra, which in neha and to a certain extent, Bobby has shown full justice to the characters. Likewise here, in the lead to the couple, do not disappoint in the departmental style or do any duties. The supporting factor is too good. I rate the actor who plays the role of Bhabhi in the league. The situation of family interaction is real and you smile when you find yourself one of the characters. Music is something that makes the scene too much and fits well with the movie. However, although I respect Ravindra Jain from his work from the movie Ramayana, but I missed Ram Laxman well. <br /> <br /> There are no two participants (Sivan category). There is no bikini. Can easily watch movies with your parents, except that you are already involved or are going to participate soon I want to show something straightforward here, although Suraj proposes that marriage is between family and not just But the only person, his method is totally individualized This film is about Prem and Poon Nam. The rest of the characters are coincidental. Is art imitating life? "Peripheral" was sent to the background and only the protagonist is the leader. <br /> <br /> Come back. Everything is almost good. Except for plays The situation of tragedy was created artificially. The consequences of sacrifice and subsequent heart changes are not interesting. That is why it doesn't trigger emotions - the purpose of this event. But the story in this film is absolutely necessary to cross the movie from a beautiful pre-wedding video to 'Documentary film' but I waited for a punch and it never came. The sermon by Mohnish Bahal and later by Alok Nath on the dowry was removed from the place and it made things too watery. This might help tax-free movies. But the plot may make it more interesting and non-linear than I thought. <br /> <br /> There is a question in my mind when the movie ends: 1 Does the movie really end? 2 The movie ends? ?
