<br /> <br /> I'm sure things aren't the same in Homer Hickam's real life, just as they did in the film adaptation of his Rocket Boys, but the movie "October Sky". (Anagram of the book title) Good enough to stand alone. I haven't read Hickam's memoirs, but I can still enjoy and understand their movie adaptations. The movie directed by Joe Johnston and written by Lewis McCall recorded the story of a teenage Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal), beginning in October 1957, with radio broadcasts bringing Russian satellite news. Putnik The first artificial satellite in orbit We saw a picture of a blue-gray city and people: most miners worked for the Olga Coal Company. One miner listened to the news from a mobile radio as he entered the elevator. But the signal disappeared when he disappeared in the dark, saw the sky full of stars above him The melancholy violin fades away with this image. Then we received Elvis's raid on the car radio because the words on the screen let us know about the setting: 5 October 1957, Coalwood, West Virginia Homer and his friend Roy Lee Cook (William Lee Scott) and Sherman Odell (Chad Lindberg) is discussing football matches. Football scholarships are the only way to get out of town and work in the mines for these boys. "Why are athletes the only person to go to college?" Homer asked Roy Lee to answer, "They are the only one. Homer didn't do football like his brother, so he was destined for the mine and followed his father's footsteps as my foreman. Until he saw the light that penetrated the sky in October Then he wanted to create a rocket, "I want to get out into space," Homer said after the disaster effort involving ancient rockets and fences (Natalie Canerday). His mother, Homer enlists Quentin's help. Wilson Stupid (Chris Owen) Quentin asks Homer. "What do you want to know about the rocket?" Homer quickly responded, "Everything", his science professor at Big Creek High School, Miss Friedra Riley. (Laura Dern) is very supportive of Homer and the four boys work on building a rocket in Homer's basement. His father, who lives as mine, does not support him. John Hickham (Chris Cooper) believes that Homer should not waste time on the rocket because the coal mine is important. The coal from the mine is used to make steel and if there is no steel, the country will have nothing The difficult relationship between Homer and his father is one of the most painful relationships I have ever seen in a movie. Miss Riley introduces Homer to the idea of ​​attending a local science exhibition with the opportunity to become a nation and receive a scholarship from the college. "You just don't dream of leaving Coalwood," she told Hume. North Homer and his friends follow their dreams by working continuously on rockets, improving models with each effort. Despite many attempts But they did not give up. "What is the opportunity for us to get a science job?" Odell asked Homer for a hopeless moment. "One million per one," Homer replied, "Well, that?" O'Dell replied, "Why don't you say that?" The song composed by Mark Isham indicates sadness and hope at the time. The same is especially sad at the point that Homer goes down in the mine shaft and loses sight of the sky and his dream of leaving Coalwood. The introduction of rock and roll music in the 1950s, including the songs of The Coasters and Buddy Holly pushed the piece Wash hands to create a bright mood, a different life, the life of a teenager with a shovel. This film, filmed by Fred Murphy, also uses colors to define emotions and symbols. Cole Woodwood was actually filmed in Tennessee, washed with gray and brown blues. As if the dirt from coal stuck to everything - faces, clothes, houses and roads When a couple in a sparkling red convertible car stopped asking for advice from children, it was clear that they were from the outside world of Coalwood and Olga Coal Company. A book about missile design that Miss Riley gave Home. North is red The red color stands out against Coalwood's blue-gray world to symbolize "out", but it is still fragile. Red is a hilarious hint of the world that Homer has only a dream. Jake Gyllenhaal expresses enthusiasm, hope and intelligence like Homer Hickam. It's hard to believe that he's not Ho. The real Mercedes we saw in the actual video at the end of the movie Chris Cooper also has a very special belief as Homer's stubborn father who doesn't accept or doesn't want to accept that my mine can't build a city to live. Homer and everyone who encouraged him to build the rocket realized that the city was dying. When the community collapses, the only way they are together is to gather to demonstrate the rocket launch of the boy. Again, I'm sure things don't happen exactly as the movie shows to them. But the movie is something that doesn't have ideal ideals? "October Sky" has enough to make a great movie and is raw enough to make it true.
