October Sky is a highly regarded movie and is easy to see why. The story is easy to understand and there are many turning points that appeal to actors and actors, working quite well, especially Jake Gyllenhaal and Chris Cooper. Finally, the hero gets what he wants and it is true. Frankly, I think the director's success is not equivalent to the spark and heat that the original story created. We don't see any subtitles or special movies. The power of the movie depends on the sensational plans and difficult situations that the young hero is trapped in, which most viewers will find themselves as characters. We feel that Homer wishes to be accepted by his father and create his own future and his flexibility is something that we respect. Ct ct ct ct ¡¡remind me of production Japan's mini-series in 2001 § Rocket Boy ¡¨, which may be some inspiration from this film In fact, these two works were taken from two different cultures, giving an interesting comparison. In October, Sky Month unfolded the story of a young man crying out loud to claim his fate. Ocketocket Rocket Boy ¡¨ offers a more compromised explanation, which may sometimes be an angry criticism of society. Modern uji outstandingRocket Boy, the leading male actor Yuji Oda, focuses on three ordinary men: a travel agent who has a dream to be an astronaut, an advertising agency at OA. The show is being torn from him. The inferior group is the result of the great success of his father and brother. (Such as Homer feels in his family) and the food company staff who are getting married But afraid of this idea The social consciousness that is collected will define the success of the elements and the next step to force them to breathe. The dream, claiming that ได้ is possible, ossible to compensate for his lost ideals, Kobaya Shi (Yuchi) worked in a tour company. He eventually found strength from the words of his father, who was determined to be a sailor. But later found that life in the sea was less charming. He assumed I § but I didn't regret it. Father ¨ His father told Kobayashi at least that I tried a little. His father's confession encouraged him to quit his job. He had a leg injury and had to move around the wheelchair. Kobayashi's efforts eventually failed and he returned to the travel agency. But his racrazyra courage inspired his friends and everyone loved him more. Before the end of the series, Kobayashi was acting as a guide to the space camp so that children could learn more about astronauts. After the tour, we saw him leaning against the tree, unfolding the poster that he tears from the bulletin board saying: ¡§ The astronauts wanted in 2004 ¡¨ Kobayashi watched the paper and laughed and laughed like Children are watching his ticket to Disneyland. Kobayashi may never get what he wants. But he dares his fate and § just do it §§ Just do this series. This series is a remarkable story, not because the hero shows any brave actions. We wonder and envy. Which is different from Dilbert or other sarcastic writings. This program educates us and teaches us something. Homer and Kobayashi all have dreams and they do what they can, even with the opinions of others. I recommend other IMDB users to watch Japanese TV dramas. If you are the ninth person, you will be more impressed. I regret that IMDB doesn't have information. Maybe you can ask people from Japan to help you.
