A simple and effective movie about life is a response to a challenge. It took a lot of effort for Homer and his friends to grow up into manhood without falling into the trap of the future that proceeded from the father to the child to be a digger in the local mines and never freed from it. That fate It takes three different challenges for Homer and his friends to conquer a personal and independent future. The challenge of the first human-created satellite Sputnik 1 Soviet satellite, which is a major event in human history, the turning point that Homer and his friends do not miss, do not want to miss. Then, the challenges of science and the mechanisms used to calculate and fabricate rockets from the center or from what they can gather in the books and regulations in their hearts. Finally, the challenge of the world against and denying and trying to force you to return to the group, even with an accident that is not suitable to force you back into the group for normal survival and then Homer. Proved that he accepted The challenges that lie for a while are his own plans and dreams. But there is another side of the story that the movie doesn't focus enough Homer is the carrier of the project. But he is a carrier of inspiration that he and his friends want If he is the one who will receive a scholarship from the university because his friends value him, his friends will be able to go along the road and their own path and step out of the board of directors to dig through the energy from the example. Inspiring Eyes before them Sometimes it's hard not to follow the example of someone who is like a difficult road sign. But this film is also effective to show that the father resisted this dream because his science was not a real human being, like digging or football. The fate of the working class that appeared in the 1950s and 1960s, and still in some areas, was often enforced by the traditional ideas of the father. If a mother does not have the courage to speak one day, the fate of the working class I speak will become a great trap. This movie is also effective and should make some parents think. This may be the fourth challenge that Homer has to face: the challenge of using a road that is not pointing and determined by his own father. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris Dauphine and University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne
