I lost confidence in Sooraj R. Barjatya after the main movie Prem Kiedewani Hoon last year. Now, I see a promotion for Vivah, which looks good, but I don't want to waste money that gets so hard to see. In the cinema When the movie came out for the first time on the DVD, I rented it and watched and I loved the movie and then took my words back to Sooraj. I just finished watching yesterday again and this time I thought I had to watch the movie. This story, Sooraj R. Barjatya is correct. This time, okay, I'm not a big fan of Hum App Ke Hai Kaun. But I always love Manie Pyar kiya. After Manie Pyar kiya came to me, I think Vivah is the best Barjatyas. Don't cry in the picture Press the But this movie made me feel like crying If you have had love before, there will be many moments that will make you impressed in this film. This movie is too sweet and will make you fall in love. This movie of mine is not that good. <Br /> <br> The story of this movie, you may call it desi and very old times. But for me, it looks modern because two couples who are getting married know that it is an old tradition. It's done at the present time. Many people do not believe in this marriage, but I do travel between engagement and wedding, which is always something special, and this film clearly shows. When Prem met with Poon for the first time, they showed how it was and it was true and my parents told them how they got married and that it was shown in a way that is true. How do most marriages happen? It's very sweet. You feel nervous. But the excitement of the song "Do Ajnabe" shows that it is very good. Back to the story, yes, it is a journey that you will be attracted to between Prem and Pumnam (Shahid Kapoor and Amrita Rao) and the family there. The twists occur in this movie, which is really good. The last 30 minutes that you all have access to the tissue box. <br /> <br /> The thing that makes this movie amazing is chemistry between Prem and Punanam. Too sweet, Simple Boy and Simple Girl. When they first met during and after the song "Do Anjane Ajnabe", it looked very cute, she couldn't say anything and Prem spoke openly about the past. His and the women he likes and he who smokes, then take them to travel with the family and that is when they fall in love. It makes you just want to see a couple and see the sweet moments they have. Another factor is that Poonam chichi is really meaningful to her, and you feel sorry for Poonam because she is treated badly and makes you want to see her happy and when you finally find happiness you start to feel. Happy with you, falling in love with Poonam more than just Prem. When she finds happiness through Prem, you want her to be happy and hope that there is nothing wrong because that character is shown in a sweet little girl. Which led me to the performance and Amrita Roa. Since Poonam is an amazing person in this film, her best work until the day you fall in love with the innocent character and make her happy, Shahid Kapoor as Prem is also amazing. He is a Poonam supporter. In the movie, he is happy in this movie. They share amazing chemistry and I have never seen a cute couple since SRK and Kaj. ol first, if Ishq Vishk doesn't touch you to tell you that they are cute together, what will it be like? "Mujhe Haq hai" music and before that was the amazing chemistry that they performed The scene that touched me was when Prem brought Nam Nam to his room and showed her where they were and he opened her up and they had a sweet time between them. Once again, if you have ever loved someone with these very scenes, you can connect with challenges. This movie is just the most fragrant thing you will see. <br /> <br /> The direction is the point where I think that good movies are something that can pull me in and stop. I believe at this time. This is a fake and has a camera to file. For me, this film drew me in and in those three hours I felt that it was really connected to the movie. The music you will like when you watch movies because they are songs that are placed in the situation after I see the movie I play. Don't stop! Music is amazing. The story is amazing. I can ask for more. <br /> <br /> What I can say in the end, we hardly get the movie that makes us feel good. you have Seeing it will make you feel really good and make you want to be a better person. It's the sweetest journey of all time. It shows you that they travel between battle and marriage, and many people say it's the best part of your life. Is this movie showing you? that Why do people say that travel is really amazing! Watch this movie and you'll find out why the journey is amazing!
