Watching ads for this film, I'm pretty sure I will hate it. For one thing, it's one of those movies. "Based on the novel" which often means that the author sees the script hated and refuses to be involved in the movie. Worse than that, the trailer shows only the most mundane imagery (for example: the child was injected with a hose in the garden ... and fell). So when the little brother of I think of it as this "must see" movie of the season (of course, he thinks the same as "cars", "Over the Hedge", "The Ant Bully", "Monster House" etc. etc.). <br /> <br /> But once at the factory The film made me win many reasons. The first and most important thing a writer writes 'Children's dialogue' is better than other children's movies I've seen. An important example of this happened directly after the headmaster of the boy accidentally ate the worm that stuck in the omelet. The boy makes a gesture that is too weak for the headmaster's truth, which makes it true because every little child thinks (wrongly) that they show the greatest ridicule of adult torture. Then a boy asked: "Why did he say 'alleys'? Other boys said "Maybe he is crazy!" And the whole group laughed loudly. Not too witty But what the boy would immediately think of was the type of other children that his age would find hilarious. In order to confirm that, my brother laughed at them when they spoke on the screen. I can hear his voice spewing out in the same direction if he is in a similar situation. <br /> <br /> Another reason for this movie to work is because writers can work on issues such as libel Children in school and peer pressure / consistency without making them seem like they are sub-for some people after special school. For example, a bully (Joe) is not a pattern. Of course he is not bad. But not pure evil and living in his home enough to reveal that the audience felt sympathetic to him and understood the origin of his intimidation In addition, there is no time period. "Performing a musical performance" in which Billy ('Worm Boy') realizes that the perfect instrument he uses for his brother Woody is and at the end of the movie there are some minor changes. There are some realities in the way that the characters can correct the situation and the way they relate to each other and there is very little to look strange. <br /> <br /> The only drawback of the movie comes in the form of A very ridiculous dance scene in which even the infamous McDonald's dance creator in "Mac and Me" scoffed. Oh, why is it put into the movie? Austin Rogers (Adam) pulled Macaulay Culkin and refused to take this role unless he received a vehicle to show his impressive dance skills. The whole sequence does not need to be there and has less comedy value than any item in "The History Channel". <br /> <br /> Overall, though, this film is excellent and has a length (about an hour and twenty minutes. ) Is perfect One of the best and most realistic live action movies that you will see when you were with children or just remember how children are.
