I have never seen this movie before. I was on the edge of my seat and laughed throughout the movie. I never thought that the horrific acting was that it was too funny. The story behind the movie is good. But the movie scene failed to convey I have never seen a stupid movie like this before in life, which is the reason why I thought it was amazing. I gave this movie 10 out of 10 that it was the most pathetic movie ever made. This movie looks like it was made for garbage only. I mean, that scene looks fake and actors act like "The camera is in front of them." You will be kicked. Just see how weak this movie is. Me and my friends can't stop the jokes while in the movie. The darthvader guy who tries to give the child Women can't run away once. It sounds like he says sh! # Although he doesn't speak English If you watch this movie, you will think of yourself as another movie that you don't like you to see. This film should be viewed out of curiosity, as well as what types of movies are weakly determined. The serpent found the girl many times. It was ridiculous. The evil snake just roared and roared and let her go every time. The evil snake has many opportunities. It's like God is trying to speak fast and eat the girl you want many miracles. Changing between scenes makes you wonder if I missed something or not. Plot many holes from one scene to another. I laughed madly when they decided to "Escape to Mexico" to escape from the snake Hmmmm. Jumping over the border will help you escape from the interesting Korean serpent ... very interesting ... I guess jumping across the border solves all the problems. Another scene that made me completely baffled .. They met for the first time and had a romantic scene at the beach where they kissed each other and didn't know each other ... The scene was obsolete and without any content in other movies. It may seem reasonable later. But I mean that they just found that even if they were reincarnated, they felt like they loved each other immediately rather than developing. However, this movie is worth watching to open your eyes and see the light. Bad Hollywood movies will look like paradise compared to this. In the end, it is worthwhile to see that you are not bored. You will be thoroughly criticized every moment, every scene in your head.
