"Hollywood Hotel" is associated with many movies such as "Ella Cinders" and "Merton of the Movies" about people who win the contest, including a promise to create a movie in Hollywood just to find a way to star as a star. Truth or not. Actually, while I was watching tonight in the movie Turner Classic, I thought that the composer of the next generation of classical songs "Singing In the Rain" might bring some of their ideas. come from "Hollywood Hotel", a leading female actress in a movie studio and a summary of a person who sings the movie while the other is credited with screenings. <br /> <br /> "Hollywood Hotel "is an interesting example of making movies. In the 1930s, among the players who supported it was Louella Parsons who played with himself. (And despite the negative comments I have seen, she has a very engaging personality on the screen and the natural commands of her role). She is not the only real person in the script. Perc Westmore, a makeup expert, appeared. In short, trying to make one character look similar. <br /> <br /> The film is also one of the first people in the career of Ronald Reagan, the young man who plays the role. The UK radio Premiere Especially when he realized that nobody Dick Powell was about to take over the microphone when it should be used with more important people. Dick Powell received a contract from Hollywood in the competition and left his job as a saxophonist. The saxophone in Benny Goodman's band The beginning of this film is quite impressive when the band drove a truck, a parade, to say goodbye to Powell. They finished singing "Hooray For Hollywood". The interesting thing about this miracle is that the poem has been left with a purpose. Throughout the lyrics of Johnny Mercer, referring to Hollywood, such as Max Fax, the king of makeup, pouring tin cans and even the hint of Tarzan. But the original song lyrics, called Tyrone Power, clearly show that Jack Warner and his brothers will not advertise Fox's lead in the 20th century and Donald Duck's name has been replaced in any case, the number that shows the singer. And the musicians of Goodman's orchestra are the best So, in the next five minutes, the part of the movie that the band rehearsed. <br /> <br /> Powell left the band and his girl friend. (Frances Slang Ford) and went to Hollywood just to find that he was a contractor. (Probably the musical that is related to the saxophonist) He met Allen Joslyn, the studio's publicist (the owner is Grant Mitchell). Joslyn is not a bad friend. But he's busy and tends to get rid of people unless they need to talk to them He parked Powell's car at a room at the Hollywood Hotel, where the studio's temperament (Lola Lane) lived with her father. (Hugh Herbert) Her sister (Mabel Todd) and the assistant who despised Lane are like Jean Hagen in "Singing In The Rain" except her voice, her model "Dan Lockwood "is one of the" Alexander Dupre "(Alan Mowbray easily stole many times). The only difference is that Mowbray is not a good person like Gene Kelly used to be and Lane (when not In her ego) fully aware of it With the passing of the ordinary script that she wanted, she refused to attend the premiere of her latest film, Joslyn, found twice for her. (Lola's real-life sister Rosemary Lane) and Rosemary were created to play as a star in the premiere and party track. But she joined Powell (Jolin needs someone who doesn't know the real Lola.) This leads to Powell falling down. Mowbray when the enemy himself does. But by the time they were successful, and when the two were together, they started to find something interesting. <br /> <br /> The difficulty of dealing with Lola came back and slapped his face. Powell after Mowbray complained that he was attacked by Powell ("and his gang"). Powell's contract was bought out. Working with the photographer made Ted Healey an agent (actually not bad in this movie - He also tried to imitate Jolson. At one point) the two tried to find a job and ended when the staff at the hamburger shop operated by a bad mood. Edgar Kennedy (The number of broken dishes and customers sang in the restaurant gave Edgar much time to burn slowly. Finally, Powell will "stop" by being hired as Dupre's vocals in the cut "Gone With The Wind". This leads to the final part of the film when Rosemary Lane, Herbert. And Hea ley helps Powell, his chance of showing him as his voice, not Mowbrays. <br /> <br /> It's a cute and attractive movie. The worst side is caused by time. Many jokes about African-Americans can no longer be tolerated. (While trying to shoot Powell when he arrived in Hollywood, Haley accidentally photographed the porter and said to Joslyn to be a little more careful with Curt Bois as a fashion designer for Lola Lane. As (we would say) too much stress, not able to endure Herbert's (hoo-hoo) quite a lot (too much) but it was very popular in 1937 and the events that Healey almost entered Premiere brawl (This is one of his last films) Reminds people of the tragic ending of the comedian's mystery in December 1937, but most movies are quite good and will not disappoint audiences in 2008.
