Many story lines blend around the female characters. The shoes they wear are indicative of a miserable life. All will be converted at the end of the movie Adela (Antonia San Juan) is the leader in the brothel. Her daughter, Anita (Monica Cervera), is restrained and has a limited life. Leire (Najwa Nimri) is the designer of the problematic shoes and loses her boyfriend. Maricarmen (Vicky Peña) loses her husband and the episode. This raised the children from his ex-wife, Isabel (Ángela Molina), a rich woman. <br /> <br /> Other characters used to connect the five main female characters. In telling the story, not everything will be given at first: some connections occur slowly in the movie and add to the experience. The style of the shoe was driven extensively: for example, when Leire, as a shoe designer and working in a shoe store where she stole her shoes, was faint. Occurred during the scene Phone rings, cigarettes, bright music, etc., used to make connections and cut quickly Changing the story on a regular basis makes it not boring or accessible to the TV level. It is a song driven by sound and atmosphere. The cities of Madrid and Lisbon are the backdrop of the stories and images of those cities being used to expand the story beyond the characters. One of the more moving animations is when Anita, who walks the same way every day, extends her walk and restricts life from peace on her main road to a busy main street: like Most Spanish films have a lot of storytelling that can be seen by using soap-like stories as a simple background. There is a ending of a poem that is quite romantic and sensitive. But still beautiful. <br /> <br /> Because Ramón Salazar loves too much of his own content Some scenes are worthless and at the soap level, including performances (Isabelle's love for Adelaide's love life) The style of the shoe is exaggerated and is a weak metaphor. <br /> <br /> This thing is often compared to Magnolia because the structure is like together But they are different Magnolia has more technical ability. But it's quite mechanical This has the ability to translate more emotions and atmosphere. After seeing this, you are likely to move to a new movie town: Madrid.
