I just went back and watched this movie again from that I didn't watch for many years. When I saw the first movie, I was too young to understand what the film was about. Now I have seen it again. I can't believe that what I missed over the years For me who can watch movies in what they are, I think this movie is great. Most people feel as if music is the best part. But I don't think it will be true Most people don't know how good this story is because it is judged from the performance. The truth of this story is that no one in the movie is really trying to do it. All the main actors just played themselves. They didn't try to be others. <br /> <br /> I watched and analyzed the work and effort put into the movie. Now, from my point of view, the situation shown in the movie is quite based on what happened in Minneapolis music at that time, and what happened most was a real event that happened in the Prince's career he? The music that came from the city at that time became known and revolutionized. It's very interesting to see that music has a great influence on the club "First Avenue & 7th St Entry". In fact, Prince among other musicians started their career. It is a known fact that Prince and Morris days are competing in each other in real life. But is a friendly competition They are always friends. Essentially, the story of the rivalry is their friendship, which shows the true competition of what happened at the club "First Avenue" at that time. <br /> <br /> Another reason. One of the movies Well, it is due to the fact that some situations that occur in the movie depend on the events that the prince had passed in his life with music and privacy. For me, this makes the film more realistic as much as the emotion because he tells his trials and tribulations before the era of superstars. In addition, his dedication that he uses in his performances is phenomenal. Prince makes sure that every moment in the movie is perfectly done. Whenever you hear a song played in this movie, it's perfectly consistent with the situation. <br /> <br /> The Prince is a musical genius and he has proven it many times. This movie is what makes Prince truly official on the map, and he hasn't slowed down since then. Anyone who has watched this movie yet? (Unbelievable) haven't watched. When you sit down and watch this movie, you have to watch with intelligence or you will miss every aspect of the movie. If you really love music, this is a must-see movie. Above all, I said that I thought it was a good movie to watch and own.
