This is one of the best movies from Bollywood last year. Of course, this year until now India is the core, panoramic images, pleasant conversations, and soft and melodious songs that make this movie a special movie. The image that shows the values ​​and culture of India makes the audience look for their roots in them and energize the mind and spirit with pride and new lease in life. <br /> <br /> Film This is for the audience. Enjoy the imagination and philosophical feelings. If you like watching movies that will thrill you on screen, sex or fear, this movie isn't right for you because you will find that this movie is not full of 90-degree twists. Movie to receive But that's what the art of the movie is located One gets real life experience and the best thing is that this experience is full of value and hope. Is about the positive side of life about the lovely things that God splashed with humans compared to the back movies that confirmed the show, Don Terrorists and Mafia This is not about things and people who have already lost. It's about the goodness that still exists and that makes the world continue to walk. Of course, all types of movies are reliable. But requires a lot of courage and ability to create movies that swim today and try to open the public's eyes to the truth and the hidden truth. <br /> <br /> must say This is another ... <br /> <br /> This film is a journey of lovers from their involvement in their arranged marriage - yes, right. It's arranged. Marriage and both come to get to know each other only by their parents and learn to love each other. The six-month gap between participation and marriage for a long time is not filled with "temptations" but is something That nourishes the increased love and dedication of the lovers to each other They learn together the importance of relationships and moments that are invaluable in their lives and work to strengthen the bond of marriage. But are these things strong enough? Their relationship will have to face the test not only the time but also the fortune they will pass this test or not. That is the meaning of "Vivah"
