Playing characters from literary classics may be a bit of a poison pot for actors, paying for the happiness of the meat character by competing with the imagination of the reader generation? Not to mention other actors who had enclosed the castle before. Good luck for this dreamer ?? With actors like Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton ?? Stands for head and shoulders above the model after that It is the right length to make a fair story and take advantage of Bronte's broken conversation; There is nothing to intervene, cut messages and add new and inferior scenes. <br /> <br /> The magic of the original story is in the tension created between the main character and the life situation created for them to be leaders. Jane ?? "Poor, plain and slightly" ?? Growing up from the charity of Aunt Yesha, her nature and independence were formed by a long spell in a cruel school. She arrives as a guardian in the home of Mr Rochester, who is unfriendly and alone. She was restrained by the heavy duty and experience. But soon, her fascinating nature found that it was a paper that could be touched in a clever stern, witty, mysterious master, which she was dragged while he was with her. Rochester is a busy tiger "Busy with energy"; May be harmful to everyone who comes in contact with him? But "Sui through the cheek or two" his character is not unusual: he uses special freedom with the paid subordinates But Jane was not an ordinary employee as he saw But the dark secrets and harsh trials are in front of them. <br /> <br /> It's a pleasure to hear Bronte's incredible conversation spoken by successful actors. In particular, it seems that Dalton is born from Brontean's passion. If you have seen him as an unimaginable bond, you will miss the best. Those who commented that his Rochester was too handsome to miss this stage: his character had too much screen time for a really ugly guy who still attracted the attention of the audience. Timothy Dalton is not always right or always handsome. But often glanced as he should and Zelah Clarke is not a wild flower She conveyed the emotion of a woman who successfully blocked the humor and her passionate nature, causing her rare explosion to show more dramatic effects. > <br /> Not long ago, Jean Rhys' most enlightened and enlightened person went to Bronte, "the wide Sargasso sea", imagining the story behind Mrs. Rochester. First, let's see. You won't see the "hero". Of "Jane Eyre" in the same way again
