BBC production in 1983 of "Jane Eyre" starring Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton (LOVE HIM) has always been and will always be my favorite Jane Eyre if you watch other versions of Jane Eyre without reading the book. It will be like watching a general movie that you will forget the next day. But this view is almost equal to reading I used to watch these dramas often when I was young and they inspired me to read books. At that time, I wasn't interested in how much this television production was close to the book. Recently, I watched Jane Eyre, 1996, and was very disappointed. It took only 2 hours and there were not many important scenes from the book. (Like my favorite gypsy scene) After that I fell in love with this "Jane Eyre" because it included all the important scenes of the book and it told the whole story. (Other versions can't be done if you haven't read it yet.) <br /> <br /> Actor from 1983 Jane Eyre is great. It's true that Timothy Dalton is a very handsome actor. (Handsome enough to play Butler in "Scarlet" and Julius Caesar) but he is very good as Rochester, I can't imagine anyone who plays this role and Zelah Clarke is only Jane That follows the description of this book Another thing that makes this movie great is the clothes and make-up of the actors. Jane looked polite and innocent, just as Bronte described her. (Although she didn't see 18, but did you really pay attention to that?) <br /> <br /> Some people say "Jane Eyre" "Too long, but I want to spend time. Watching days is more than 2 hours in watching other versions. Some people say that the movie is boring and boring because Jane isn't passionate enough or because "kissing scenes" aren't enough. I hate when they make Jane Eyre "Hollywood movies. Hollywood "with inappropriate kissing scenes You don't need to include scenes. "Mad Love" to show love between Jane and Rochester and both Zelah and Timothy show this love perfectly until there is no need for another scene !! I am 19 years old and many women in my age refer to this movie as "Boring and outdated" but I feel sorry for them only because they do not appreciate its purity and beauty In the end, this novel was created in the 19th century and the old-fashioned look makes it even more interesting and like a book. <br /> <br /> I don't think there will be any other version of Jane Ayre. Gained popularity and love in this No matter who plays Jane and Rochester in other films, Jane and Rochester actually. (For me, at least) will always be Selah Clark and Timothy Dalton!
