* Spoiler notification: I hope I can talk about this without revealing the specific points. But I can't apologize. * <br /> <br /> I'm looking for an IMDb review of the movie George C. Scott when I come across a summary and review for this model. There are many positive comments that I decided to order, though: (a) While being cut and rushed, I think George C. Scott embodied the tortured nature. (And the physical appearance) of Rochester's book, this book reaches T; And (b) even while watching the DVD cover, I think "Isn't Timothy Dalton looking too good for this chapter?" The latter concern was reinforced by the fact that I decided to read the book again while the DVD was in the backorder that said the minute I started watching. This i love At first it was not easy to hear the dialogue of the year 1840 that was written in writing - with little or no effort - but Dalton and Clarke threw it thoroughly until I enjoyed the truth that That having more books on the screen is a special bonus I know who will not see Jane Eyre, because "Who wants to see a movie about a man who makes a poor mad woman under the roof?" Frankly, if someone who doesn't read this book stumbles on an hour and a half hour For an hour or two, they will think that it is related to Rochester's secrets and affects everyone around him. Fortunately, this version is really about Jane Eyre's entire life. <br /> <br /> Some people criticize casting. Dalton Pep Too Clark is reserved too. I can't argue with the first point, but he is "at the moment" that I believe he is Rochester. For me, Clarke's performance is on the mark. Jane Eyre is completely silent. If anyone can remember this book, Jane's fierce and passionate happened during her personal struggle. Some criticisms have baffled me. The investigator said Clarke was too short or not beautiful. This book discusses the infinitum about how Jane is small and simple. Ms. Clark should not be high, and the filmmaker adjusted her appearance so that Jane announced that she lacked a credible beauty. She can't help if Dalton is high. Some people say that there is no chemical between the leaders? !! The scene when Jane finally came out of her room after the wedding failed to vibrate with passion and desire and sadness and regret - and that's just the first example that I thought of. <br /> <br /> Agree with some people From other criticisms, I missed more scenes with the Helen Burns and the Rivers brothers and sisters. When Rochester said, "Jane, you judge me wrong. I don't hate you because you are crazy." I waited for the rest of the exchange when Rochester explained how Jane would be angry. He still loves and cares for her. It's a powerful moment in the book and I hope it will be combined. I think it is a mistake to bring the scene with Rochester as part of the story that Jane is her own. It may be done for the sake of clarity. But I found it trembling I want the ambiguous humor of the scene in which Jane sees Rochester's enthusiasm to cool down and he begins to get angry again, but he may "like" her again. Dalton's performance is so good that the mistake Rare, staring - when Rochester cried in the library, I saw him as an actor who made a crying scene, not Rochester. For the scene, if someone had watched the episode of "Dark Shadows" in the 1960s, people knew what to expect - the brutal interiors of other people gave a detailed and concise comment about the sport. Makeup Rochester At the end, Oops! It's not good. The conclusion is too sudden. After all the anguish and suspicion I wanted to end round And on my DVD, having credits in the beginning and end of all eleven episodes 25-30 minutes is quite large That said, I'm glad I have this movie and will watch again and again.
