I am a lover of Jane Eyre and a purist and this version has almost all the important details of this book and the characters will be conveyed as I imagine. Jane Eyre is a complex story of great riches. And cannot deliver properly in the form of feature lengths, so it is necessary to have the TV mini series Timothy Dalton's Rochester probably the best that has ever been There is a lot of debate about his attractiveness and age. In this book, Jane (the speaker) explains that he is "about 35" and not a child. But not yet middle age I think Timothy Dalton is about 38 years old when he does this. In addition, we only have Jane's opinion that Rochester is handsome or not. She just found him and he asked her honestly what she thought. As a young, inexperienced and humble girl, I can't imagine that she said she thought he was handsome. The actors playing Rochester need to show us the personality of this man and this is the perfect thing. I love the relationship between the two leaders, which is important about this and the humor of their encounter. Other models have blown But it makes it correct. Toby Stephens's 2006 version (37 years old) is currently working on BBC1 and is very good, so I'll decide if it's my favorite thing. When complete, <br /> <br /> when watching This series again After watching the 2006 version, I decided that this model is best for Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clark! Charlotte Bronte's conversation has been preserved and this is important to the power of the story. Ineffective modernization - is the story of Victoria and the use of ancient poems that are suitable for the characters. This model has a great actor - Zelah Clark. It is small and the height difference between her and Rochester is important. Timothy Dalton has a true identity and an excellent actor. There are no special scenes that will distract from the story and the screenplay, including all the necessary scenes. But will separate unnecessary details to be relevant and catchy I truly recommend everyone Jane Eyre fans.
