There are many adaptations of Charlotte Brontë's classic novel "Jane Eyre" and consider many comments written about them. There are also lively discussions which are the best stories. All short film adaptations suffer from the fact that it is impossible to cram the entire story of the novel into a movie about 100 minutes in length. Therefore, these movies show only parts of the novel. The TV series has been proven to be a more appropriate form of conveying the stories of the heroine's life. <br /> <br /> There are three mini-series on television, launched in '73, '83 and 2006, 2006 model, not only the worst of the three But the worst thing about Jane Eyre's adaptation and outstanding example of this film The beautiful lines of this novel were replaced by interesting and unimportant images and important scenes were removed or replaced with scenes that were not related to the novel. What led to being a character was not only But there is nothing in common with Rochester and Jane's novels and behave in the opposite way as described in this book. But their behavior and language do not correspond to The behavior of the moment with the novel setting It was a ridiculous drama that actors looked at and acted as if they were accidentally put on the set of 1850. "Jane Eyre" (as dare to call myself) is a slap in the face of Charlotte Brontë. <br /> <br /> In 1973, the faithful version of the novel in the long conversation between Mr. Rochester and Jane was almost full. But things that work well in novels do not need to work beautifully on the screen. Sometimes, the language of this novel is too complex and complex to appear naturally when speaking on the screen and interrupting the conversation continuously by Jane's voice, increasing the impression of invention and embarrassment. And despite being faithful to the novel, the essence of the scene was not captured Another problem is the selection of the main actors. The image of Jane's Sorcha Cusack as a brave young woman who is confident in herself and the whole world. But conflicting with the literary style, and Michael Jayston, though a good actor, does not have a strong body, Rochester, although with proper adaptation, it cannot convey the passion and intensity of the novel and <br /> <br /> All the mistakes of the '73 version that were edited with the TV mini '83 series by Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clarke, although Timothy Dalton is a handsome person. Tall and skinny Eat more than to be Rochester, but he has important qualities for the role: He has a strong body, graceful, attractive and confident and powerful. And despite his undeniable femininity, he was solemn and strict enough to play the daring Thornfield master. But the excellence of his performance is in the way he shows every aspect of Rochester's character. From all the actors who play Rochester, he is the only one who can handle them all: Rochester's brutality is almost cocky, his frustration and his suddenness, as well as the comedic side. The language management of Dalton's Charlotte Brontë is equally great. Even Rochester's most complex and complex ideas remain true and natural when Dalton delivers. He is Rochester's main character that is unparalleled and unbeatable, and after watching him in this role, it is impossible to imagine Rochester to play in other ways. By other actors Zelah Clarke, acting in a role that may be more difficult to play than Rochester She plays Jane's novel, a shy girl who is reserved and protected from the outside. But those who have the same deep feelings and strength, as well as the beauty of Jane's character, can be paired with her character: modesty and respect in one hand and her fire and passion. One person, she looks weak and indefatigable, right and wrong. She and Dalton have excellent chemical properties and their scenes together are pure happiness. <br /> <br /> About faithfulness in this literary style also offers words from the novel. Like the Model 73, the conversation will be shorter in this version. But the main line needed to describe the character of the protagonist and the plot development is unchanged. Therefore, the script writer avoided the use of words while still maintaining the beauty and originality of Charlotte Brontë's language, and in contrast to the previous version of the BBC, the essence of each scene was completely captured. br>> <br /> The story of the novel is more accurate in the '73 series. It is almost a scene for the legislation of a novel that gives the same time and importance in Jane's life.   เป็นสิ่งเดียวที่ดัดแปลงจาก Jane Eyre ที่มีฉากยิปซีที่คู่ควรกับนวนิยายและเป็นฉากเดียวที่ให้ความสำคัญกับฉากที่สำคัญและน่าตื่นเต้นที่สุดของนวนิยายเมื่อ Jane และ Rochester พบกันหลังจากงานแต่งงานถูกยกเลิก In particular, Timothy Dalton plays that scene with great skills. He expressed his agony with Rochester's heavy pain when he realized Jane's resolution to leave him. A strong attempt to keep her and her final desperation. While she was from him It's an almost devastating scene that will stay with the audience for a long time. <br /> <br /> Even the smaller roles are perfect, great scripts and two leading actors. Summary and "Jane Eyre" only true
