In calling this scene that feeling too great, too little, if it is said that it is a great performance of this season's premiere, too. 'Because now there is not the greatest Sopranos episode ever. In fact, the name may be a casual invitation for those who are not real fans: join the club ... <br /> <br /> Pick up at the junior out. (Put a bullet in the stomach, his nephew after misunderstanding. He is a crook. He killed in the first season.) The story begins with Tony. With memories, no matter what happened to him, he attended certain types of meetings. Only he did not speak with his normal accent, and it seems that something was wrong with his document: Obviously he was not Tony Soprano, but Kevin Finnerty, or at least that was what the group thought and until The regulations were separated. Can't leave his hotel. <br /> <br /> In nature, the tradition of Sopranos has become a dream. But Tony is in a coma, where doctors are not sure about his fate. Families and friends worry that sick and junior refuse to believe in all the real things. Unfortunately it was done and Anthony Jr. was willing to avenge his father's life's efforts. <br /> <br /> The dream has sprung up quite often in the series, which is often Spiritual trials for the protagonists in the Season Five show The Test Dream) However, joining the club uses the program's metaphysical features which were guided by the poems of William S. Burroughs last episode and pushed the envelope in a brave manner that Su Tony haunting tale of dead friends. The sort of food poisoning caused by the last four seasons) is one thing. In fact, he is in what appears to be a completely different hell. The "paradise" of the story is packed with comparative significance. Not least, the name Tony received. (As one character suggests spelling in one of the ways will give you the word "Infinity") and no one came out David Chase has created works that are too clever to use strange setups for their own benefit. Everything helps stories. Talking about "Help from above" in the case of Tony Soprano may make you feel bad.
