Okay, I didn't receive the first cleansing thing I watched now. It seems that something important has happened that I can't put my finger on. This time, Costa Mesa Fires on TV really caught my attention - and it helped me just write an article about Inferno! But let me see what HASN has not yet talked to ... <br /> <br /> The TWOP examination says that Tony has 7 stairs to go because the elevator is broken. Yes, 7 is a large number. Many reasons, especially religious But this is another one for you In the premonition, I consulted Wikipedia and guess what Dante is divided into 7 levels. Purgatorio doesn't include ante-purgatory and paradise (things that are on the bottom of the stairs and ... things that Tony can't go to) br /> <br /> Go to the slave scene - alleged "random" slap As soon as the monk appeared to fit Tony who tried to get out of hell You can tell that he was worried when Christian commercial ads (Death, sickness and sin) occurred and he began to despair more because the Christian heaven was looking for him. By the time he met the monk, he thought "Hey, can these people help me?" Which sounds like contemplating other religions. (Such as Buddhism) and wondering if other paths would lead him to "salvation" or not, not necessarily because Tony needed to think about being a Buddhist But it seems that Finney will try (And confused) The general slap tells Tony that there is no quick fix like in no way. You can't embrace Buddhism and get out of here. <br /> <br /> At first, Tony Not worried about going to heaven, but at the "entrance to the meeting" he realized that it wasn't easy for him. At first I saw the name of the problem with the driver's license when Tony was the leader of two lives, with those who killed and slept around that he kept secret from most people. He felt free to have a relationship with Melfi because "he was Kevin Finney". He understood that he could fool people with KF cards such as the hotel receptionist. But it will not make him out of hell Those helicopters - helicopters of heaven? - Following him and everything he did. <br /> <br /> After reading all the theories about "inFinnerty", but it seems KF's identity is an endless reminder. The different paths that Tony may take in his life It may be that the joke is related to Infiniti's car, which is not reasonable for me. Aaaand at that point my brain fades away.
