In an effort to combine drama and comedy, Manuel Gomez Pereira created this movie, 'Things that make life worthwhile. "It's not a traditional discovery with many sounds that you have. (Quite outside the field) but it is separated from the norm in the Spanish cinema. The downside is that the elements that make the movie unite and While some points are not well developed, others are out of place. One day in the lives of two people near the age of median, it is what the movie Gómez Pereira Jorge (Eduard Fernandez) is a still (Parado) that seems to be. Willing to see things changed But this explains his commitment to minors, possibly referring to the turning point in its existence, consistent with Audrey Tautou's 'Long dating' (Jean-Pierre Jeunet, 2004), Jorge said this to himself: "If I find a coin before the corner that will change my luck "Of course, it found that it started playing. 'Today may be a good day' (Hoy puede ser un gran dia) by Joan Manuel Serrat and skip a few ways in Hortensia (Ana Belen). She is another old woman. Divorced and a little lonely, accepting Valencia for sleeping, holding a birthday party as an exemplary mother, saying that her faith in God and leading to the speed of the mother killed. Hortensia is a woman who contradicts the behavior of he Driving data is "70% of people who fell in love only once in their lives" and said that even though Jorge and the unemployed lacked and didn't hinder the possibility that it was "sadistic" lying on his shoulder In the cinema The first opportunity, after that, was a conversation, a dance, a party, a luxury wedding, a car and other things that players seemed to have a unique experience. But ended up doing heavy things for the audience The debate between us is a drama of two adults. People who do not have other people that make them see their strange relationships and vice versa make us accept stories as a joke, focusing on things such as singing Chinese songs at the wedding. The problem is that it doesn't let us have time to connect with the players, so we can't identify with the drama and don't let the comics base us with us. Let everything except. Pure jokes In the end, everyone was mixed in the way that the audience didn't know how to laugh or grief anymore and ultimately did not do as well. And it is true that some things cannot be seen for thousands of times, not the type of movies that we find to bend around every corner But it is not different enough or special as we want to do Ana Belén (which is clearly less than 53 years old with this film) and Eduard Fernandez is two very happy actors. See work But this time it seems ready or comfortable enough in the scene that wants him to be calm Prevail in the movie, so at the time, such as "accident" with the children of the bar, what seems to be slipping from their hands May be a very dramatic change to do But that's not an excuse to reduce our protection level. No matter in which case, both interpreters will be created to be the highlight of the function easily. 'Things that make life worthwhile' can only be used with moderate entertainment. Any claim that exceeds that point will not be fulfilled as a romantic comedy or as provocative as we think they want to do. There cannot be a small period of success. Talking and laughing, disappearing drunk, compared to the boy still in a coma, partly because of him Do not do much for people like Rosario Pardo, making friends that are generally launched, the greatest support in this movie is the phrase "Must be drunk" and music from the soundtrack It is true that the movie of Manuel Gomez Pereira has gained popularity. (Some time related to Jose Sacristan) but this movie is an anodyne story, a movie that has good intentions and gives better results when better
