"Flavia, la monaca muslmana" aka "Flavia the Heretic" of 1974, is a film that creates a nuisance and does not compromise the true movie of the Italian exploitation that, to a certain extent, is based on feminist assumptions. (Although the level of murder and cruelty of feminism) is mostly in the convent and there are nuns as supporters of this epicenter. (The great performance by Florinda Bolkan is excellent), "Flavia the Heretic" may be called a movie. 'Nunsploitation' However, this film is very different from the movie. Nunsploitation In general at that time because it does not give importance to the elements of nunsploitation Such as lesbians, lesbian punishment, sadism, etc. Personally, I see more similarities, such as "Mark of the Devil", (although this person does not follow the topic of witches - hunters) which aim Focusing on the brutal actions of fundamentalist Christianity in the Middle Ages and in the past. <br /> <br /> Around 1600: after seeing her father's dictatorial head as a Muslim soldier Injury Vietnamese girl was forced to become a nun in a convent. When her father condemned a friend's nun to death, suffering for a minor crime. In the following years, the hatred of Falvia and violence, men and women became hateful to the church that hated. Chant and she joined the group.>> One thing for sure is "Flavia the Heretic". Not for the faint-hearted people and not for those who want the most happiness. Director Gianfranco Mingozzi tries to make the movie of The most disturbing and realistic way, especially in the offensive. The scenes of torture and executions have been disrupted many times, with skinning details, scary scenes and horrifying scenes, while the most shocking scenes may be torture to young nuns at the beginning of the movie. However, the violence here is never exaggerated. In the end, this terrifying approach is really true at the time when this film was well-built. This movie is well made with realistic sets, amazing settings, elegant movies, movies. Florinda Bolkan, beautiful and wonderful, has proven her ability to produce Italy's great creeds. (Including the masterpiece Giallo, Lucio Fulci's masterpiece "Non Si Sevizia Un Paperino" in 1972). She once again gave a wonderful and charming performance here and I couldn't imagine another suitable actress in The same role as her This film has a slight inconsistency. (For example, why the church was hardened by the strange cult followers coming into the convent from the beginning). However, it is an amazing overview of how the film has realism. "Flavia the Heretic" should not be missed by Fans of the Exploitation Cinema of Italy. This is a great overview of the overall exploitation, although it is a very depressing picture. Correct Suggest that the fans of the cinema seek benefits 7.5 / 10
